cameron grant is one of the best directors doing adult films. his only rival is andrew blake. celeste is dynamite all thru the movie but the dr's office sequence with her & two other ladies is just incredible. nearly as good is asia carrera's performance with the construction worker. i highly recommend this movie & gave it a 9. it's almost as good as cameron grant's elements of desire which i gave a 10.

the dinner party could quite possibly be in my opinion the greatest adult cinema production of all time. it is produced in such an exquisite manner and the actors portray their roles excellently. the kitchen scene starring yvonne and juli ashton is magnificent. the use of the butter and milk really makes the scene. additionally, the doctor's office scene is well done. the campfire scene is filled with enjoyable action, though the choice of actors in this scene is questionable. asia carrera's performance in the junkyard scene is incredible, but who would expect anything less from her. the closing scene is somewhat over used in adult films, but is classic none the less. i would highly recommend this film to all fans of adult films and those casual viewers. run out to your video store and pick it up today.

although cameron grant was clearly hired to replace andrew blake over at ultimate pictures when the latter started his own company (studio a), he practically outdid the "master" right out of the gate when it came to setting up steamy sex scenes. so, while all the window dressing blake had pioneered (starlets in fetish lingerie and sun glasses, coiffed and made up as if they're about to hit the catwalk) remained very much present and accounted for, grant added his own personal spin to the carnal content. in doing so, he raised the heat to a level that had eluded big a ever since his first – and imho best – film night trips. cam's maiden effort, elements of desire, might still have been handicapped by an overly slavish adherence to the blake aesthetic (with a surfeit of girl on girl gropes), but his subsequent dinner party already shows him at the top of his form in what must surely rank as his masterpiece.the title spells out the premise as a group of well to do friends and acquaintances gather over dinner to swap sexy stories, with an extended orgy at the conclusion. scrumptious juli ashton and tammy parks smear food stuff all over each other's flawless physiques in their kitchen sequence that is sure to delight those with a taste towards combining pleasures of the palette with those of the flesh. busty crystal gold (here : "catalina") was rarely more than a reliable second-stringer, adding spice to several ona zee bargain basement noirs, yet looks absolutely stunning here in a romantic four poster frolic with fabio lookalike vince voyeur. beautiful blondes kylie ireland and yvonne, making out with marc davis (for the record, the latter two were an item at the time) under a waterfall, complete the eye candy section of the movie.time to get cooking ! early jenna jameson ("daisy" back then) foreshadows the greatness to come as she drains frank towers ("mark slade" on his subsequent shift to the gay side of the industry) of all vital juices, albeit with a little help from brunette diva for effective contrast, the scene's stylish industrial setting providing an atmospheric backdrop to the full tilt sex taking place. impossibly hunky construction worker gerry pike seeks to cool off on a sweltering summer day by hosing down, a prospect too tantalizing for prim 'n' proper business woman asia carrera (at her all time most achingly pretty) to pass up. best of show must be the imaginative sequence that has nasty norma jeane and handsome sean michaels teasing the pants off each other – for starters ! – while separated by a glass partition right until the predictably splashy conclusion.with sex that proves either artsy or hot, and more often than not both, grant has concocted a veritable smörgåsbord of fleshy wares to continue the film's gastronomic analogy the title implies. couples may be the prime intended audience, but an alternation between naughty 'n' nice should rightfully include that "something for everything" recipe so many adult features are aiming for. acting as his own dop, the director shows great eye for detail, like the shot of asia carrera's pristine white shoes being spattered with mud, enriching his vision. this marks him out as a great filmmaker rather than a merely serviceable one, as was the case with nick steele who stepped up to take his place at ultimate – effectively making him a replacement's replacement ? – when he packed up for greener pastures.

ok, so it's an adult movie. but it really is very tastefully done. it's obvious that the producers spent a lot of time and money into making a classy sort of movie. i was pleasantly surprised at just how good it was. even the acting was fairly decent. the plot was more solid than most adult films i've seen. the camera work was above average. it's just a good flick!!

generally, it's difficult to rate these cut-&-paste films. some of the segments can be quite good while others bring down the rating of the overall product. in this one, for instance, the all-girl scene in the doctor's office was quite exciting...one of the best in this viewer's (limited) viewing history. then there's asia's segment... the lady is always entertaining. and the story that binds the whole together was an interesting concept. the swap scene that closes out the offering ain't bad either. technically, the production values are fairly high. recommended.

dream quest was a surprisingly good movie. there were some noticeable goofs, but that can be expected in a movie like this that was made in such a short time. i did not feel any urge to fast forward during the movie and i found it pretty entertaining. it gets kind of silly at times, but overall i recommend it. they probably used up all the glitter in the nearby stores, and some of the costume designs were pretty good.

dreamquest is by far, the best porn movie i've ever viewed. this is a must see!!! and if you're skeptical about your little ones watching it, just skip over the naughty scenes. of course, this shortens the movie to a length of about 15 minutes. but even then it's enjoyable. this movie is quite excellent and beats out almost any movie...even shawshank redemption.

oh yeah! jenna jameson did it again! yeah baby! this movie rocks. it was one of the 1st movies i saw of her. and i have to say i feel in love with her, she was great in this move.her performance was outstanding and what i liked the most was the scenery and the wardrobe it was amazing you can tell that they put a lot into the movie the girls cloth were amazing.i hope this comment helps and u can buy the movie, the storyline is awesome is very unique and i'm sure u are going to like it. jenna amazed us once more and no wonder the movie won so many awards. her make-up and wardrobe is very very sexy and the girls on girls scene is amazing. specially the one where she looks like an angel. it's a must see and i hope u share my interests

this one is quite a nice surprise. cute little story of the heroine's quest, very surprising metamorphosis of the four-eye prissy soon-to-be-spinster type into a raunchy dd-cup sex queen. visually a sight for sore eyes, not only for two quite stunning actresses but also for (most of) the costumes and make-up of the actors. an unnecessary bit of cheapness came in some ridiculous castle imitation.back to the positives: the movie is spiced with some unusually explicit camera-shots which you would not expect in a soft core. loved that scene with the icicles, absolute classics potential. a slight minus only for (very) few odd scenes where bad acting by minor casts shortly suspended the suspension of disbelief. 9/10 including an extra credit for the serious drooling effect.

very nice action with an interwoven story which actually doesn't suck. interesting enough to merit watching instead of skipping past to get to the good parts. having jenna jameson and asia carrere helps liven it up, too. jenna in that sweater and those glasses is just astounding! worth picking up just to see her!

if you've ever wondered why they don't make porn with a plot, watch dream quest. on the one hand, you have to give the armstrong credit both for making the effort to capitalize on this idea and for using such a strong adult cast to put some name power behind it. on the other hand, it also quickly becomes apparent why most porns never have more than 15 or 20 seconds of dialog connecting sex scenes together. these people simply cannot act (and the story is, unfortunately, lame to a ridiculous degree).still, i gave it a 7 because it was a nice try and there didn't seem to be much of an effort to cut corners. also, i'd like to see more attempts like this one. maybe someday i will see the perfect combination of porn and plot.

before watching this movie i thought this movie will be great as flashpoint because before watching this movie flashpoint was the last jenna jameson and brad armstrong movie i previously watched. as far as sexual scenes are concerned i was disappointed, i thought sexual scenes of dreamquest will be great as flashpoint sexual scenes but i was disappointed. except asia carrera's sexual scene, any sexual scene in this movie doesn't make me feel great (you know what i mean). the great jenna jameson doesn't do those kind of sexual scenes of what she is capable of. felecia and stephanie swift both of those lovely girls disappoint me as well as far as sexual scenes are concerned.although its a adult movie but if you aside that sexual scenes factor, this movie is very good. if typical adult movie standards are concerned this movie definitely raised the standards of adult movies. story, acting, direction, sets, makeups and other technical stuff of this movie are really great. the actors of this movie done really good acting, they all done a great job. dreamquest is definitely raised the bar of quality of adult movies.

this is really films outside (not in a motel room). with real costumes (not only strings and swimsuits). you have to see this movie. it's the only porn movie i know that is worth watching between the sex scenes.bon cinemalaurent

this is a more interesting than usual porn movie, because it is a fantasy adventure.the production values are high and the acting is(believe it or not) pretty good,especially jenna jameson.it`s also in widescreen which helps,it gives a feeling of a real motion picture and not a porn movie.but,of course it is a porn and a really good one with nice costumes,fine atmosphere and scenery.and by the way,the sex is hot.watch out for this one...

