bromwell high is a cartoon comedy. it ran at the same time as some other programs about school life, such as "teachers". my 35 years in the teaching profession lead me to believe that bromwell high's satire is much closer to reality than is "teachers". the scramble to survive financially, the insightful students who can see right through their pathetic teachers' pomp, the pettiness of the whole situation, all remind me of the schools i knew and their students. when i saw the episode in which a student repeatedly tried to burn down the school, i immediately recalled ......... at .......... high. a classic line: inspector: i'm here to sack one of your teachers. student: welcome to bromwell high. i expect that many adults of my age think that bromwell high is far fetched. what a pity that it isn't!

if you like adult comedy cartoons, like south park, then this is nearly a similar format about the small adventures of three teenage girls at bromwell high. keisha, natella and latrina have given exploding sweets and behaved like bitches, i think keisha is a good leader. there are also small stories going on with the teachers of the school. there's the idiotic principal, mr. bip, the nervous maths teacher and many others. the cast is also fantastic, lenny henry's gina yashere, eastenders chrissie watts, tracy-ann oberman, smack the pony's doon mackichan, dead ringers' mark perry and blunder's nina conti. i didn't know this came from canada, but it is very good. very good!

verhoeven's movie was utter and complete garbage. he's a disgusting hack of a director and should be ashamed. by his own admission, he read 2 chapters of the book, got bored, and decided to make the whole thing up from scratch.heinlein would have never supported that trash if he'd been alive to see it. it basically steals the name, mocks politics of the book (which is a good portion of it), and throws in some t&a so the average idiot american moviegoer doesn't get bored.this anime isn't perfect, but it's at least mostly accurate, as best i can tell.

robert a. heinlein's classic novel starship troopers has been messed around with in recent years, in everything to paul verhoeven's 1997 film to a tv series, to a number of games. but none of these, so to speak, has really captured the spirit of his novel. the games are usually unrelated, the tv series was more of a spin off, and the less said about verhoeven's film, the better. little do most know, however, that in japan, an animated adaptation had already been done, released the year of heinlein's death. and, believe it or not, despite its differences, this 6-part animated series is, plot-wise, the most faithful adaptation of heinlein's classic.the most obvious plus to this series is the presence of the powered armor exoskeletons, something we were deprived of in verhoeven's film. like the book, the series focuses more on the characters and their relationships than on action and space travel, though we see a fair amount of each. while events happen differently than in the book, the feel of the book's plot is present. rico and carmen have a romantic entanglement, but it's only slightly more touched upon than in the book. while some may believe the dialogue and character interaction to be a bit inferior to the book (it gets a bit of the anime treatment, but what did you expect?), but it's far superior to the film. heinlein's political views are merely excised, as opposed to the film, where they are reversed. the big payoff of the series, however, is the climatic battle on klendathu between the troopers and the bugs/aliens, which features the kind of action from the powered armor suits we would have like to have seen in a film version.overall, i enjoyed this series because i wanted to see a vision closer to that of heinlein. and i think they did pretty well with this. if you can find this series, give it a look.

one of the first ova's ("original video animation") i ever bought, this still has to be one of my favourite anime titles. a cyberpunk sci-fi action comedy set against an unlikely (for a comedy, that is) background of near-future pollution in a dystopian society.the "heroes" of dominion are the tank police, formed with a "if we can't beat crime, we'll get bigger guns" philosophy, and who are, like the name suggests, patrolling the city in tanks instead of patrol cars, and who are actually far more dangerous than any criminals they are trying to catch. most, if not all, of these cops are borderline(?) psychopaths and neurotics, giving new meaning to the phrase "loose cannons".equally colourful and amusing are their adversaries, terrorist buaku and his hench(wo)men, the twin cat sisters, whose existence always seems to involve giving the tank police a hard time.the animation is not state of the art, but it's very nice otherwise; the colourful palette and cartoonish look of the characters and mecha fit nicely with the comedic atmosphere of dominion.the english dubbing is, again, lots of fun. the soundtrack of the english version is also very good. i wonder if they ever made a soundtrack album of that...anyway, dominion tank police is great. it's japanese cyberpunk sf with lots of comedy, filled with completely over-the-top characters and situations, making sure that it never takes itself seriously. highly recommended.

dominion tank police is without a shell of a doubt, one of the most amazing shows ever produced, but not just in the field of animation. while the first part (acts 1 and 2) mostly consists of action and fun, the second part is more serious and one should not treat the second part in the exact same way as first part. the subtleties are truly out of this world and the characterization is beyond brilliant. you must have an extra degree of intelligence to appreciate the intricacies of the second part (acts-3 and 4). i do have some complaints though. in the first part, the tank bonaparte quite literally jumps over a tank shell and it did not make any sense at all. one might also question the plausibility of bonaparte jumping on the wing of helicopter gunship even though it was cool. buaku rules.

the anime that got me hooked on anime...set in the year 2010 (hey, that's not too far away now!) the earth is now poison gas wasteland of pollution and violence. seeing as how crimes are happening ever 30 seconds are so and committed by thieves who have the fire power of third world terrorists, the government of the fictional new port city form the tank police to deal with the problem - cops with tanks! oh the insanity!the "heroes" of this series include the new recruit leona ozaki, a red haired japanese woman (yeah i know, they never match their distinctly japanese names with a japanese appearance) who has just been drafted into the tank police and is quickly partnered with blond, blue eyed nice guy al. leona is new at using tanks and unfortunately she destroys the favorite tank of tank police commander charles britain (also known as "brenten"), a big guy who looks like tom selleck on steroids and sporting a pair of nifty sunglasses, a big revolver and a bad temper. britain didn't like having leona join the tank police in the first place and her wrecking his tiger special (a giant green monster tank) doesn't exactly endear her to him, nor is he fond of her taking the remains of his giant tank and using it to build a mini-tank that she nicknames bonaparte and he is soon pushing to have her transferred to child welfare "where the boys are more your size" as he puts it. there's also specs, the bifocal genius, bible quoting/god fearing chaplain, purple mo-hawked mohican, and the pot bellied chief, who's right on the edge thanks to the mayor always yelling at him about the tank police antics. seeing as how the tank cops often destroy half the city while chasing the bad guys and use extreme violence to capture them, they're not very well liked by the people.the "villains" are a cyborg named buaku who's got a mysterious past that's connected with a project known as "green peace", his gang and his two sexy cat cyborg sidekicks anna & uni puma. in the first installment these guys are being paid to steal urine samples from a hospital treating people who haven't been infected by the poison gas clouds and in the 2nd they're hired to steal a painting that is of a naked buaku. the story, however, was uncompleted in the anime and was finished up in a cult comic ("manga") book that's very hard to find.all sorts of chaos and mayhem ensue in this black comic venture that examines how far people want their police to go in order to catch criminals and what happens when the fine line between good guys and bad guys starts to get blurred. this is the kind of thing that if you were going to make a movie of it, you'd better go get quentin tarantino. uneven in places but still a lot of fun.followed by "new dominion: tank police".

i stumbled across this (act-i) by pure dumb luck and this was more than a decade ago. this was'nt even what the cover label on the tape mentioned. it amazed me. it intimidated me. it shocked me. i eventually forgot about and almost a decade later, i happened to think about it again. then went and bought both acts. they were even better than i had experienced at first.my only complaint is that while the tank police keep on going on and on about being at war with crime, warranting tanks and heavy artillery, it would seem as though they are really having a hard time with criminals. that is either never shown or is simply a lie as they appear to be taking it easy most of the time. if that bit about being in a state of war was really propaganda, it certainly has not been shown as such.i don't think the original japanese version could have been any where as good as the americanized version of this. but regarding the story, there has certainly been some proper explanations lost in translation but it can be excused.

dominion tank police is an exercise in contradictive film making. the storyline across the 4 parts blends mindless action, slap-stick humor, touching humanity and thought provoking philosophical questions. it's hard to believe that there was only one director, as the style changes from episode to episode. a must-see movie for anyone who likes anime.

once when i was in college and we had an international fair, the russian section had a soviet-era poster saying "ne boltay!", meaning "don't gossip!". i "translated" it for the "generation" of tv watchers as "don't be gladys kravitz!" (in reference to the nosy neighbor on "bewitched").however, when you see the result of gossip in the pvt. snafu short "rumors", you see that it's not quite a laughing matter. in this case, the perpetually witless soldier overhears something about bombing and immediately assumes that the axis powers have attacked the united states. so, he tells it to someone, who tells someone else, who tells someone else, and it continues. as in "the russians are coming, the russians are coming", the story gets blown more and more out of proportion each time, so that when it gets back to snafu...well, you know what i mean! yes, it's mostly wwii propaganda - complete with a derogatory term for the japanese - but i have to say that the pvt. snafu shorts were actually quite funny. of course, since they had dr. seuss writing and mel blanc providing the voices, it's no surprise that these came out rather cool. worth seeing.

friz freleng's 'rumours' is an excellent private snafu cartoon that warns against spreading panic-inducing rumours during wartime. produced, as were all the snafu shorts, to be shown to military audiences as entertaining instructional films, 'rumours' is extremely imaginative and crams tons of ideas into its very brief lifespan. when snafu starts a rumour about a bombing, it escalates into an eventual rumour that america has lost the war. this is illustrated brilliantly by way of a long, rubbery piece of baloney and several strange, fictional creatures who come back to haunt snafu with ever more terrible news about his country's military. 'rumours' is inventive, fast paced and funny, all of which help to overshadow the rather laboured, "don't badmouth the military" message. it stands up as one of the best of the private snafu shorts.

rumors is a memorable entry in the wartime series of instructional cartoons starring "private snafu." the films were aimed at servicemen and were directed, animated and scored by some of the top talent from warner bros.' termite terrace, including friz freleng, chuck jones, and carl stalling. the invaluable mel blanc supplied the voice for snafu, and the stories and rhyming narration for many of the films was supplied by theodor geisel, i.e. dr. seuss. the idea was to convey basic concepts with humor and vivid imagery, using the character of snafu as a perfect negative example: he was the dope, the little twerp who would do everything you're not supposed to do. according to chuck jones the scripts had to be approved by pentagon officials, but army brass also permitted the animators an unusual amount of freedom concerning language and bawdy jokes, certainly more than theatrical censorship of the time would allow-- all for the greater good, of course.as the title would indicate, this cartoon is an illustration of the damaging power of rumors. the setting is an army camp. private snafu sits next to another soldier in the latrine (something you won't see in any other hollywood films of the era) and their casual conversation starts the ball rolling. we observe as an offhand remark about a bombing is misinterpreted, then exaggerated, then turned into an increasingly frightening rumor that sweeps the camp. the imagery is indeed vivid: the brain of one anxious soldier is depicted as a percolating pot, while the fevered speech of another is rendered as steamy hot air, i.e "balloon juice." a soldier "shoots his mouth off," cannon-style, and before you know it actual baloney is flying in every direction. winged baloney, at that. panicked soldiers tell each other that the brooklyn bridge has been pulverized, coney island wiped out, enemy troops have landed on the white house lawn, and the japanese are in california. the visuals become ever more surreal and nightmarish until at last the camp is quarantined for "rumor-itis" and private snafu has been locked up in a padded cell.this is a highly effective piece of work. the filmmakers dramatized their theme with wit and startling energy, and the message is still a valid one. in recent years we've seen that catastrophic events (real or imagined) can breed all kinds of wild rumors that spread more rapidly than ever thanks to communication advances. because the technology has improved, the private snafus of our time are able to broadcast their own balloon juice via e-mail, cellphones and blogging. consequently, rumors is a rare example of a wartime educational film whose essential message doesn't feel at all dated; in fact it may be more timely than ever.

this was another world war ii message to the soldiers and to the allies to be careful about spreading rumors. these were called "instructional" cartoons because it was a mixture of serious messages along with a funny-looking main character called "pvt. snafu."all of us have imaginations, along with fears and what-have-you, and that's what happens here as pvt. snafu incorrectly adds two and two to something he hears and comes up with "five." you can start panics and all kinds of disasters if you spread enough rumors and enough people believe them. that includes losing confidence in your country and your cause, as pointed out here in this cartoon. a good way to lose a war is demoralize the enemy. that's still being done today. "we lost the war," declares one big baloney near the end of this cartoon. amazing how some americans still haven't learned. this cartoon may be 65 years old but it sure has relevance today. as i write this, there were two terrorist bombings in europe today and some people still think the "war on terror" is just a bumper sticker slogan. amazing.the writer, the famous "dr. suess," uses analogies of "hot air balloon juice" here to present the above message. with theodore geisel (his real name) you know the rhymes will be clever.nothing hilarious here, but it wasn't meant to be. you have to understand the climate of 1943 and the justified paranoia that was out there during world war ii. people forget that war could have easily wound up with the other side winning. it was a tense time

all i hear about is how poorly the animation is done. it may not be up to par with what everyone expects, but look at it this way. would you expect perfection in hell? it is my belief that the animation was made dry and gritty on purpose. it was great to see her character transformation in this movie, considering it will probably be as close to live action as we will ever get. i hope for a sequel very soon. if we want live action, i think we may be better off with chastity or purgatori. i don't think lady death would transfer well to film. but be that as it may, it is my own personal belief that all the naysayers about this movie are dead wrong. no pun intended.

it's a very good movie, not only for the fans of lady death comics, but also for those who like animated movies/series of adventure and fantasy.the film is about a innocent girl who is about killed for something she hadn't done, but for be who she is daughter of the ruler of hell, lucifer himself.then she seeks revenge...and the rest you better see it from the movie.i liked the movie a lot, the characters are like the original comics, form chaos. i never had the chance of read the the first parts of the story in comics, only the last ones, after the passages in the movie, so i cannot tell you if the events are exactly like the comics, but...one way or another it's the story of lady death!

i personally liked this movie and am alarmed at the rating's some people have given it. it is a movie based on a comic book and it is animated, now if you don't like comic books or animation then of course you won't like this movie so why did you watch and bother to rate it is beyond me. though, if you are a fan of interesting, strong characters and heroic(sexy) women kicking butt and saving the world(hell) you will love this movie. i thought the story really pulled me in and it was a very cool movie. quite anime-esque or more like some of the american movies following this new trend of adult animation. like titan a.e. meet's the live action version of punisher. in the end i highly recommend this movie the comic buff and super hero fan or anyone with an open enough mind looking for a fun movie.

i love the movies and own the comics, the comics are different then the movie but still i'd give it: 10 out of 10. it was awesome. if the movies got anymore awesome. i would have her babies. and i am female. read the comics you won't regret it. yes in this movie since brian p. the artist for her died we don't get nearly as good artistic work. i mean seriously don't get me wrong these people did great, but different versions for different people. different strokes for different folks as the saying goes. any guy who doesn't go bonkers over her is insane, or does not like women, or you know just plan insane. if i could count on my fingers how in love and how many times i have read the comics i would run out of fingers for sure, but hey there is always toes.

although not the best anime i have ever seen but i enjoyed lady death.i have never read the comic book and just saw this at the video store and decided to give it a chance.the animation was ok, i got the sense of the 80's anime from it which is what set it off for me. why everyone else hates that is beyond me.character development was fine. i like how they brought the transition from hope to lady death around. for you who don't like it, obviously wasn't paying attention. lucifer tells you how it happens, and she used his words.creamtor was a nice mentor/soldier for her. his dark bruiting style was perfect for this kind of movie.i think everyone here who has bashed this needs to take another look at it and reconsider. cause everything people have bashed this can be said about everyones favorite anime vampire hunter d

people expect no less than brilliant when steven spielberg directs a movie, and this movie is no exception. some movies i love did poorly at the box office but, i'm glad to say, this movie isn't one of them (over nine million dollars, which i don't think was bad for back then). the characters were fun, the animation was clear and not fuzzy, and the music was modern, too, which is unusual for an animated movie. i didn't think professor screw eyes or his "scary cirus" was too scary for little kids (the targeted audience for this movie), but i thought what happened to the creepy professor at the end was a little too dark for a kids' movie. overall, this movie is a fun and enchanting classic that i have loved dearly for years.

i disagree with anyone who done't like this movie. i used to love this movie when i was little and i still do. it's sweet, funny and warms your heart. and it proves that love and friendship can never be destroyed. and even though it didn't have much of a story, it was still excellent i give it a 10 and two thumbs up. oh yeah and it proves that your deepest wish's and dreams can come true. (tear, tear)i love this movie, personally if anyone says it sucked than i will say "shame on you." because it was a delightful little movie and i'm glad that at least some people liked it.

genre: dinosaur, animation, new york, time travel, circus.?main characters: rex the tyrannosaurus rex, elsa the pterodactyl, dweeb the parasarolophus, ooo the triceratops, a boy called louis, a girl called cecilia and captain new-eyes. ? actors: john goodman (rex), yeardley smith (cecilia), martin short (stubbs the clown), felicity kendal (elsa) etc.?what happens: four dinosaurs (see above) are fed some "brain grain cereal" and are now cuddly, friendly dinosaurs who are going to be nice to children. they go into new york, with big plans…my thoughts: this is a cute animated film. the animation of the dinosaurs when they go cuddly and friendly is a bit floppy and not-so-good, but they look pleasant all the same that way. i like the dinosaurs when they are cuddly and friendly, they are nice, friendly and good. i like (almost) all the characters featured, especially elsa and cecilia, but of course i like the others as well. overall, i like this film a lot! :-)recommended to: people who like good children's animated films, people who like dinosaurs, john goodman and people who think that circuses aren't always what they seem… enjoy! :-)

i do try not to take imdb ratings to heart, but i was flabbergasted when i saw the 5.4 rating to one of my childhood favourites. it doesn't wow me as much at 17, but as a family film this is a sweet and well meaning movie. kids will definitely love it and won't mind the flaws, and the adults can guess the actor behind each character and admire the subliminal messaging of the film. none of the film was preachy in any way, in fact it has a great message that added to its sweetness. i will admit though that the story is on the thin side, and some scenes like screweyes's death(which still freaks me out) may be a tad on the scary side. but the animation is well above average with nice colours and good character animation. the music by james horner is very beautiful, and the song featured is memorable, catchy and amusing. i really liked the characters, louie is probably the most in-depth of them all, but the dinosaurs were at least engaging. martin short's clown was both hilarious and emphatic, the part when he tells screweyes "i quit!" had me in stitches. my favourite is screweyes though, an effective villain who is crafty and i suppose intelligent. if anything though, i wish the film kept in the part when he explains how he lost his eye and why he is scared of crows because that way he could've been more developed in terms of depth. the script, while not oscar-worthy, has its funny and heart-warming parts, and should keep kids and adults entertained. the voice acting for me was what made the movie. john goodman, martin short, rhea perlman, felicity kendall and yeardley smith all gave solid performances, but special mention has to go to kenneth mars for he was absolutely superb as screweyes and almost unrecognisable. all in all, this is a good movie. i don't get the rating, honestly i don't. sure this film isn't perfect, and it is not as good as a dinosaur movie such as land before time, but it is good fun. 7.5/10 bethany cox

i saw this when it first came to video, my little sister got it as a gift and i was probably 12 at the time... what stood out for me was the lack of mid-movie conflict that so many movies have, where the main characters get mad at each other because when it comes time to explain themselves they just don't say the one thing that you're shouting at the screen that would make sense of the whole deal, that any person of reasonable intellect would know to say. this is what i like the most about the movie i guess, that the main characters don't do mean things to each other halfway through... they don't break up and make up, they just grow to like each other more as the movie goes on.these two kids team up and though they seem at first to be from opposite sides of the track, they're not that different. loui is actually just some middle class kid that needed to realize how lucky he was to have a loving family, and cecelia was an upper class kid that just needed to prove to her family that she existed and they would miss her if she was gone. anyway, i saw this movie posted on hulu and had to watch it again... sure there's plot holes if you analyze the script and no, woog and dweeb shouldn't be eating hot dogs since they would have been herbivores in reality.now, what detracts from the film is it's unexpected scariness. little kids under the age of 5 would probably be frightened by the scenes with dr. screweyes. and, the addition of him halfway through the movie (though it's blatantly obvious in the first scene that he will make an appearance) is too abrupt... there should be a glimpse of him doing his show earlier in the movie, perhaps to show that it's not that scary without the the dinosaurs. i guess it just lacked any real present danger for the entire first half of the movie, so that it lacks a little continuity when he appears for the second half.considering the target audience, who i'm sure can overlook the not so mind blowing animation and dialog issues... i think i'll give it a pass on those factors too, and just enjoy the story. it's a great flick for kid and it does stick in your mind... makes you kinda think about how you treat people and it should be revisited every 10 years i think.

its great i loved it ha cause i love dinosaurs they r the greatest animals but i loved the show cause it wasn't copied from another show and it was a originals ha it has a good storyline and great for little kids (if they like dinosaurs that is) i have a few downs too its not all that great cause of the dinosaurs look a little mutated so i should have had but a 7 but right now is a little late for that yay 4 more lines to go it is great for a fantasy show though warning this might spoil a part for u so if u don't want it to be spoiled don't read on plz near the end is kinda weird cause all they need to do is get dang i forgot what it was so nvm guess its not a spoiler so never mind i loved it and its my opinion and sorry for any missed spelled words if any

i wouldn't call "we're back! a dinosaur's story" simply a kiddie version of "jurassic park". i found it more interesting than that. like the former, it calls into question the security of bringing beings from one era into ours. but it really opens my eyes when i see who provided the voices: john goodman, rhea perlman, jay leno, walter cronkite, julia child, kenneth mars, yeardley smith, martin short and larry king. to paraphrase that: a given actor, the "cheers" woman, the "tonight show" host, the most trusted name in news, a famous chef, the "young frankenstein" police chief, lisa simpson, one of the three amigos and the cnn guy.but i guess that i shouldn't focus only on the cast. i thought that this movie had something for both children (purely fun) and adults (natural history). true, it's escapism, but the perceptive kind. i would actually say that john goodman doing rex's voice here is sort of a precursor to his voice work in "monsters inc". worth seeing.

this was a personal favorite of mine when i was young, it had everything that was great with 90's kids movies... lovable dinosaurs, cute kids, an eccentric villain, and a few great songs (and not the typical little mermaid/beauty and the beast type songs, but ones that are atually entertaining)! i ran into this movie again recently and i still love it as much as ever! i recommend that everyone of every age should see this movie, and i definitely think that it should be introduced to the younger generations! sorry not the most informative, i'm in kinda a rush... just please, trust me. all who go against this movie are killing their inner child!

i have to say i totally loved the movie. it had it's funny moments, some heartwarming parts, just all around good. me, personally, really liked the movie because it's something that finally i can relate to my childhood. this movie, in my opinion, is geared more towards the young gay population. it shows how a young gay boy would be treated while growing up. all the taunting, name-calling, and not knowing is something i, like most other young feminine boys, will always remember, and now finally a movie that illustrates how hard it really is to grow up gay. so, i would definitely recommend seeing this movie. probably shouldn't really watch it until a person is old and mature enough to understand it

i get tired of my 4 and 5 year old daughters constantly being subjected to watch nickelodeon, disney and the like. it all seems to be the same old tired cartoons rehashed over and over again. when my daughters couldn't go to the fair this afternoon because one of them was sick, i wanted them to just relax and rest for a while. i flipped the tv on and in searching for something different, i flipped the channels. my finger stopped channel surfing the moment i heard harvey's voice. i adore every single solitary thing this man has done and when i saw that he was doing voice-over work for a little duck ... well, i couldn't change the channel! my daughters were instantly mesmerized by the cartoon and the more we watched the show together, the more i grew to love it along with the message that was being portrayed. it's not necessarily a proponent for "gay rights" but rather for anyone who has ever been ostracized as a child for anything. i had friends who were picked on for one thing or another .... too fat, too skinny, too feminine, being a bully, not being smart enough, only having one parent .... you name it! kids, as a rule, can be very very cruel to one another so i was happy to see an entertaining cartoon that actually conveyed a life message to its audience. my girls already accept others as they are and don't pick on others for being different. my older daughter actually stands up for her friends if they're picked on (one happens to have a single mom and that little girl is picked on quite often -- it warms my heart when kassie stands up for her!).so, those of you who are condemning this show because you feel that it's an advocate for "gay rights" or are being forced to "accept certain views", you clearly and completely missed the point of this poignant little cartoon.and if you need it explained to you .... well, you need more help than any television show could ever offer.

now this show looks like most of the other shows of it's type from the mid-90's, but the only thing is about this one is that it's different, they use a lot of comedy and action in this one and maybe a little bit of drama too. i personally thought it was a good show, i can't understand why would they cancel it. the good thing is that the fan base of this show is still alive ever since 1997 up to date.my hopes is that the wb bring back the show or even do a movie, which i know is gonna be impossible to do, but hey it doesn't hurt to dream, doesn't it?anyway, i would recommend if you hadn't seen it to find the dvd of all 13 episodes, because the characters are great, the story lines are good, the comedy is good and well the whole show is just great.

a classic cartoon, always enjoyable and funny. it has an interesting plot complete with lovable characters. road rovers is a show worth seeing, it is a short 13 episodes, and if you can ever manage a chance to see it, you should. unfortunately, it is very hard to find. i think warner brothers studios should release a dvd that contains all 13 episodes. i would definitely buy it if they did, and if they do, you should buy it too. if you have kids who like dogs, they will love road rovers! road rovers should have gotten more attention while it was being aired, it was definitely an original and very special show that should have been appreciated much more than it was.

far by my most second favourite cartoon spielberg did, after animaniacs. even if the ratings were low, so what, i still enjoyed it and loved it, was so funny and i adored the cast, wow jess harnell and tress macneille were in there and were just fantastic, the whole cast were brilliant, especially the legendary frank welker.i'd love to see this cartoon again, was so awesome and the jokes were brilliant. also i can remember the hilarious moment where brain cameos in it, you hear his voice and it played the patb theme instrumental, that was just fantastic, i love it in those cartoons when cameos pop in. i wish this cartoon and animaniacs came back, i loved them

the road rovers was a great show about canine superheroes chosen by the master to fight crime around the world. the show was hilarious to say the least. simple and complex jokes that could appeal to all ages. running jokes throughout the series that could spawn a drinking game. the action was mesmerizing, and cleverly set up. the characters were very original, each with a very different personality. but what made me enjoy the show the most was the depth of the characters. each of them have struggles and emotional difficulties that are never expressed, but implied in subtext. hopefully, one day, there'll be some way to watch the rovers in action again.

the story is extremely unique.it's about these 2 pilots saving earth from alien beings but they have to use a special speed that makes everything around them age rapidly.the whole series is about the pilots dealing with the loss of time,friends,and mentors.the ending could have been fantastic.it started to end on a total down note and leave a real mark but instead ended on a super happy disney note and annoyed me very bad.the animation is decent for 89 but can't compare to nowadays.i have also heard many complain about the cheesiness of the nudity.i actually found it to be somewhat decent.the nudity for the most part was warranted except in episode 2 where there was an excess.overall it deserves a look but the ending keeps it from being a classic.

being an otaku since the days of robotech, i can still say that gunbuster is one of my favorite animes of all time. considering when it was made, the animation is of superior quality. there are no loops and sequences in which the art decreases in quality. although the final episode is in black and white, it does not detract from the enjoyment of watching the film. although it has been described as being "sappy," it should be kept in mind that females do not react in the same way that males do. since the main character is a female, it should be obvious that she does not necessarily need to resort to "macho-man" tactics in order to gain the respect of her peers. the seiryuu for noriko, incidentally, also plays akane in ranma 1/2. noriko is as 3-dimensional a cartoon can get; her personality captures the essence of a spirited girl who seems at first to be completely helpless but in the end succeeds through the strength of her will. the only complaint i have is that the mecha looked somewhat like teddy bears. even the gunbuster utilizes a rather dubious "homing laser" and "buster shield" (which is nothing more than having the machine wrap a giant velvety cloak around itself in true dracula style) technique. i doubt that scene was meant to be funny, but it cracked me up. yet all in all, i would rank gunbuster in the top 20 anime of all time.

this anime is a must-see for fans of evangelion. it's an earlier work of anno hideaki, but his unrestrained, dramatic style is quite in place. also, those who didn't like evangelion might find this release to bit slightly more palatable. gunbuster is rather unique to sci-fi anime in that it's actually based on real science. in fact, the show has several little "science lesson" interludes explaining the physics behind some of the events in the movie. one of the big dramatic points in the film is the relative passage of time at speeds near that of light. the series does a wonderful job of dealing with the imaginably traumatic experience of leaving earth on a six month mission traveling near the speed of light and returning to an earth where ten years have passed. the main character remains age 17 or 18 throughout the entire series while almost all of the other characters age considerably. be warned, this show is heavy on the sap at times. it also has a couple of the most wholly unmerited breast shots that i have ever seen. i found it fairly easy to ignore the skimpy uniforms and boo-hoo scenes, because the series is otherwise very good, but viewers with a low sap tolerance might want to stay away from this one. on an interesting note, gainax, as always, managed to run out of money in the last couple of episodes. however, they managed to use black and white film and still action sketches to produce a good resolution anyway. the ending is a bit silly, but it left me with such a good feeling in my gut i couldn't help but love it. gunbuster is, in my opinion, one of the finest pieces of anime around.

/* slight spoilers */way back, before evangelion was made, before hideaki anno was an idol and household name for many anime fans, and before gainax had reached the status of fanfavorite, gunbuster was made. with only wings of honneamise made by gainax at that time, and the famous otakon shorts or course, gunbuster had some tough acts to follow up. it didn't make it easier on itself by picking out a genre that was already done countless times before, space opera.luckily, gainax decided to put it out as a six-part oav (direct to video) series. this allows the series to have a bigger scope than would have been possible if it was made into a film. this also prevents it from becoming too boring and overly long, with lots of pointless battles and filler along the way. besides that, they made some effort to stay clear from the tested space opera mechanics used in macross or gundam, and many other popular space operas.for one, the shows starts out pretty light, with noriko in the okinawa high school for mechapiloting. noriko is the daughter of a respected ship commander who died in battle, when she was still a little kid. this makes her life at the academy quite hard, as some of her fellow classmates start to suspect that noriko is favored by the professors. the first episode is pretty much a comedy drama, with a very tight focus on the characters and setting of the school. things quickly change when the threat of an alien invasion is announced, and noriko and kazumi (best girl in class) are chosen to help the assembled fleet out.the middle bulk of gunbuster leaves our female lead in space, focusing on both personal drama and action. a couple more characters are introduced, and parts of noriko's past are dragged up again. besides that, the alien threat becomes more imminent every minute, and the gunbuster, mankind's final hope, is presented. smart as writer okada was, he incorporated the principles of time dilation, to spice things up a bit. in short, time moves slower for those who travel at the speed of light. this means that noriko can be part of a war that takes almost a century to complete. also the dramatic aspect of this is accentuated, when noriko sees her friends again on her return to base, who have aged considerably more than her. the science might not be perfect, but it's presented in a pretty believable way, with even some sd science theatre shorts in between the episodes, where noriko, kazumi and their coach give a short description of the scientific principles used in the series.the animation, for a series made in the 80s, is definitely good. the designs are retro 80s style of course, but it has it's charm. animation is fluent enough and the character designs are nice, although the costumes do betraysome of the fanservice fascination gainax will later exploit to the fullest. the mechas throughout the shows are pretty cool too, with the gunbuster as the ultimate killing machine, strong and vast. the last episode was entirely done in black and white. while it's generally believed (but not confirmed) that this was done for budget reasons, it lends a whole different atmosphere to the series, which is suited perfectly for the latter part.the music is very typical space opera fair. too bombastic in places, very generic, and definitely not worth buying. it does fit the series for the most part, but it can become quite annoying at times. tanaka is not really a famous composer, and the only other respectable series he's worked on is dragon half. if you think 80s anime music, you will know what to expect.as the series progresses, the focus slowly shifts from drama to space opera to epic battle, but in such a way the viewer will hardly notice this. step by step the drama will be toned down, and the battles will take the front row. neither aspect is ever left completely out though. with the last episode in sight, noriko and crew are fighting for the further existence of human kind, and with the last battle in sight, certain questions are presented to the audience, concerning to position of the human race in the galaxy, and how far it can go to guarantee self-preservation. while they are never answered later on, they still present some interesting food for thought. the last episode is very epic, with a nice, but quite predictable ending, though not all endings should contain numerous outlandish twists of course. again, it fits the series.gunbuster may sound like your average space opera anime at first, with alien invasions, huge battles, and some personal drama, and for the bigger part, it is. but it is done exceptionally well for a change. instead of going for a steady mix of former elements, six episodes long, gunbuster presents us a change from small scale drama to large scale epic heroism. along the way we meet with some various interesting and well fleshed-out characters, which mutual relationships changing heavily due to the time dilation phenomenon. the show is very tightly written, although it does tend to slip up at some points. overly dramatic occurrences and too cheesy mecha attacks could have been easily avoided. overall, the trip gunbuster takes you on is a very relaxed, sometimes sad, sometimes heroic one. it might not have shattered the boundaries and limits of the space opera genre, but at least it bend them a little. highly enjoyable anime classic, but not without flaws.***/*****

aim for the top! gunbuster is one of those anime series which has classic written all over it. i totally loved this series, and to this day, it remains my favorite anime. and while it was not gainax's first animated product, it was their first ova series.mainly starting out as a parody of the 1970's sports drama aim for the ace (ace o nerae!), gunbuster picks up steam as a serious drama toward the ending of episode 2, when noriko takaya is forced to relive the death of her father, who was killed in mankind's initial encounter with the insect race humanity is at war with. it is because of her father's death that noriko wants to become a combat pilot. but her lack of confidence proves to get in the way at times and she falters. her friend, kazumi amano, even has doubts about noriko being chosen as a pilot. however, noriko's coach, koichiro ota, has faith in her. and he has made it his personal mission to see that she succeeds at becoming a pilot, for he was a survivor of the battle in which noriko's father was killed.other characters include jung-freud, a russian combat pilot assigned to serve with the squadron noriko and kazumi belong to, smith toren, a love interest for noriko who is killed in their first sortie together, and kimiko higuchi, noriko's childhood friend. kimiko's involvement is also of interest, as while noriko is off in space, kimiko remains behind on earth to live a normal life. and because of the acts of time dilation, kimiko ages normally on earth while noriko is relatively the same age as when she left school. by the end of the series, noriko is roughly 18 years old while kimiko is in her mid-fifties.all in all, this is an excellent anime series to watch if you are a fan of giant robot mecha and of gainax animation. if you like hideaki anno's other shows, or are a fan of haruhiko mikimoto's artwork, then give this show a chance. it will grow on you.

when i started watching the show i said "oh, no! it's as corny as elfen lied and not even that bloody!". and indeed, the setup is almost identical, with the single young boy living in a big house all by himself, then suddenly getting involved into a fantastic adventure while sexy young girls come live with him.but this is where the resemblance stops. the love story is almost as subtle and intense as the one in inuiyasha, while the childish remarks and behaviors are very few. the magical setup is a bit corny, because it's about seven people, with seven servants, fighting for the holy grail, all servants being someone famous, half of all masters being from the same school, rules of engagement, etc. however, this soon dims and fades from the beauty of the drawing and of the script.i actually watched all 24 episodes in one day and, without comparing it with animes that i liked more, but were from other genres, i have to say that i was very pleased.

this anime seriously rocked my socks. when the anime first opened itself, i felt it was too slow; the story wasn't quite moving forward, and shirou was quite an unimpressive male lead. once he learns more about tracing, and you learn more about saber and the holy grail war itself, the story pans out and you can see multiple facets of it moving together. it was fantastic.additionally, i felt that the way the characters developed was very true to form with the way real people develop, in the real world. there wasn't any stupid completely obvious things going on; the development of ilya and rin was interesting to watch, but i think the way shirou and saber grew in their certain personalities was just interesting to watch all on its on. a few of the "surprise" people that show up (gilgamesh?) seemed to also be unique from the rest of the cast in one way or another, meaning we didn't have "generic bad-ass a" being replaced by "generic bad-ass b" as soon as a died.anddd, i loved the music. the opening music rocked, and the finishing theme from the final episode just...seriously pushed forward the theme of the last episode even more. good job, type-moon!

fate/stay night is an animated series inspired by a h-game. somehow the producers turned it around making this a successful series without any of the h-stuff. it couldn't have been any other way because the development of the characters is great just the way it's pictured in this series and any alteration of that could only ruin perfection.(you'll understand once you see all the episodes).despite a relatively slow start (the producer took his time on presenting the characters) things gain momentum quickly and soon after mid-series the action gets so intense that glues you to your seat.the topic of the series concentrates on the war of holy grail that has been taking place in the fukuky city for the last 50 years. the pilot actually starts with the conclusion of the previous war and develops from there on. shiro is the only survivor of the fire that started during the last battle and enveloped a large portion of the city.he unwillingly witnesses a fight between two servants that triggers his reiju (holy mark) to summon one of the most powerful servants of the battlefield, saber. his first contact with saber left him stunned "such immeasurable beauty ...i was at a lost for words". you mustn't compare this series with any other to fully understand it's plot. fsn offers much more than some cool sword fights, good animation, spectacular lights, great soundtrack, it offers excellent character and relationship development. it presents the changes that take place within the characters personalities as the events precipitate. the action reveals believable dynamic emotional and behavioral patterns of the individuals (not similar to the linear type other series use) that are constantly shaping their personalities to reveal, from under the mask of perfection, flawed characters.the saber character is tied to a medieval legend that has been altered to fit this series and should be accepted as such. you shouldn't watch fsn thinking that it doesn't present the viewer with the historic fact, just remember that this is adventure/fantasy series and not a documentary and enjoy this as long as you can. the ending is sudden and unexpected and if there were twice as many episodes i would have watched them in the same breath.

i have to agree with everyone else that has posted.i watched it quite a while ago but i'll tell you, whenever i hear certain music from this anime i am reminded of the story, the beautiful animation, the characters and the feeling i got when watching it, and it does make me cry(such a happy yet sad feeling). i do however find that the love story in it felt alittle rushed and they didn't explain things properly but it didn't ruin any part of the viewing experience.i was into this anime so much that after the end i just had to do some research(and watch the ending a few more times) and i found all my answers and a whole lot more. i love how they configured historical legends to fit into this anime, it was amazing and just made me want to research a whole lot more.(i've always been very interested in certain historical figures associated with this anime)i do think it should have been a longer series but if this is all they had to work with then they pulled it off nicely. i'd recommend this to anyone who likes emotional anime with an excellent story, well built characters(some mysterious)and a bit of fantasy action.also, even though this was based on a h-game it doesn't have any of that stuff in it and i actually prefer it this way.(i have no problem with mature anime, in most cases i prefer it)

when i first heard about this series on animetv,i have to say that out of all the shows that i have seen,this one tops it all off. i had to see this show,and that is what i really did. when i got the first volume of this show,it was the best. i really liked the animation,and all the fight scenes were awesome. i have to say that my favorite characters in the show were saber,and archer and of course i also like illya. and of course,all the episodes on the volumes were interesting,and very cool. another thing i have to say about the series is michael mcconnohie(famous for transformers,and others) playing the voice of berserker. he does have a cool character. and i even watched the entire series all over again before watching the final volume. so if you to see something good,then see this show,it's the best.

i've watched the first 17 episodes and this series is simply amazing! i haven't been this interested in an anime series since neon genesis evangelion. this series is actually based off an h-game, which i'm not sure if it's been done before or not, i haven't played the game, but from what i've heard it follows it very well.i give this series a 10/10. it has a great story, interesting characters, and some of the best animation i've seen. it also has some great japanese music in it too!if you haven't seen this series yet, check it out. you can find subbed episodes on some anime websites out there, it's straight out of japan.

despite the patronage of george lucas, this captivating and totally original fantasy in "lumage" (a combination of animation through live action cut-outs) is about as far removed from the usual kiddie fare as anything made by ralph bakshi in his heyday. brilliantly conceived characters such as the shape-shifting dog ralph (one of a duo of bumbling, rejected heroes), synonamess botch (the hilariously foul-mouthed villain) and rod rescueman (the pompous novice superhero) breathe life into a uniquely clever concept: frivoli vs. murkwood or, the eternal fight between dreams and nightmares. in this context, the mor-infused songs on the soundtrack ought not to have worked but somehow they do. it's a real pity, therefore, that i have had to watch this via a truly crappy-looking boot (culled from a tv screening) of the uncensored version – there is also a milder variant that toned down the language for its vhs release – since the film is otherwise unavailable on dvd. interestingly, both henry selick and david fincher worked on this picture in subordinate capacities.

a lush fantasy world with quirky characters and annoying 80's music. this epitomizes the 80's desire to rewrite fairy tales and make fun of how they work. personally i liked greensleeves and the other harsher characters. they had some of the more amusing lines.

you'll probably never see it, but the uncut version is about 50% better than the one you can buy. put it another way: once you've seen it in its original form, the current version is only half as good.it's still wildly creative and sick, a total success on so many levels.

this is the kind of picture john lassiter would be making today, if it weren't for advances in cgi. and that's just to say that he'd be forgotten, too, if technology hadn't made things sexy and kewl since 1983. _twice..._ has got the same wit, imagination, and sense of real excitement that you'd find in a pixar flick, only executed under the restrictions of the medium c. 1983. innovative animation techniques combine with a great script and excellent voicing to produce a movie that appeals on lots of levels. it should be spoken of in the same breath with _spiritited away_ and _toy story_.

one of the most unheralded great works of animation. though it makes the most sophisticated use of the "cut-out" method of animation (a la "south park"), the real talent behind "twice upon a time" are the vocal characterizations, with lorenzo music's (carlton from tv's "rhoda") woody allen-ish ralph-the-all-purpose-animal being the centerpiece. the "accidental nightmare" sequence is doubtless one of the best pieces of animation ever filmed.

ralph and mumford, misfits in their own land, get duped into being unwitting pawns of synanomess botch. twice upon a time is the story of them, the characters they meet, and their struggle to set things right. with a surprisingly impressive soundtrack and wonderful voice acting by some of the best in the business, this offbeat movie hits the mark.the animation process, while similar to that of the cut out "south park" style, is much smoother and far more three-dimensional. if i didn't know that the animation was this style, i would swear that is was traditional pen and ink. if you can watch this film in dolby surround or thx, please do! you won't really miss anything if you don't, but if you do, you will get much more out of the experience!

ok - as far as the 2 versions of this movie. there were 2 people involved in the making - john korty and bill couterie (george was just the producer - he really didn't have any kind of say so in the film - just helped with money) - the 'adult' version was made possible by bill couterie. john korty didn't like or approve this version (as it was done behind his back). thanks to ladd films going under, they didn't advertise this movie and threw all their advertising cash for "the right stuff", hoping it would pull them through;... and it didn't. so, this movie never really had a chance. when "twice" made it to cable (hbo) - they showed the reels with bill's version and john threatened to sue if it was shown anymore (did you notice how the 'adult' version wasn't on for very long?). showtime got the 'clean' version. the version on the videotape and laser-disc is the version approved by john (who holds more power than bill). it's a pity, really, as the 'adult' version is actually better and does make more sense. but it's very doubtful that it will ever be released in that version onto dvd (or any other format short of bootleg). sorry to disappoint everyone. i know all this info as i used to be the president of the twice upon a time fan club (still have numerous items from the movie - used to own a letter-boxed version of the 'adult' version, but it was stolen - only have a partial hbo copy of it now). 8 stars to the 'adult' version - 5 to the 'clean' version. any other questions, just ask.

one of the many merrie melodies cartoons that entertained american moviegoers during wwii, bob clampett's "an itch in time" portrays a hobo flea settling on elmer fudd's dog. the little guy turns into a real sadist while making a home on the dog's back, but elmer warns the dog: "one more scwatch and i'll give you a bath!" meanwhile, the flea is setting up dynamite on the dog!* and that's not the end! i noticed that in one scene, elmer is reading a comic book featuring bugs bunny and porky pig. obviously, elmer and bugs frequently co-starred but elmer never co-starred with porky (unless you count the very short "any bonds today?"). but to me, the thought of elmer reading about these other famous characters from his same genre stresses the metaphysical nature of his world, as though he knew of their existence within his universe even though they don't appear in this cartoon.of course, i'm probably going too far in my analysis. i'm sure that the cartoon was intended as pure entertainment, and it certainly entertains. as for the "i might get to like this" line, it sounds as though that was something that the censors wouldn't have allowed but somehow missed; i, for one, don't actually know what it was supposed to sound like. was it something sexual? as for the end, had i thought that i'd seen everything, i would have been tempted to look for more, rather than do what the cat did (although it was a neat trick).*the guys behind these cartoons sure had a thing for tnt, didn't they?

bob clampett's 'an itch in time' milks seven minutes of crazy action out of a very small premise. elmer fudd tells his dog that if he scratches himself just once more that he will be given a dreaded bath. unfortunately for the dog, a relentless flea makes it all but impossible to stop from scratching. the cartoon switches between the flea's progress inside the dog's fur and the dog's desperate attempts to cope with it. in a great sequence that really captures the frustration of an itch that can't be scratched, the dog changes colour from brown to blue to red to polka dotted to plaid! it sounds ludicrously surreal but it perfectly evokes the indescribable feeling of an itch in a way only clampett could. there are several other elements which make 'an itch in time' pure clampett. there's the grotesque concept itself, which leads to some graphic scenes of the flea munching on the dog's flesh. there's the unrestrained violence that rears its head in any scene featuring the cat. most notably, there's the dirty jokes including a huge shot of the dog's behind which causes the flea to wolf-whistle and a hysterical sequence in which the dog attempts to scratch himself by dragging his backside along the floor. he momentarily breaks off to address the audience: "hey, i better cut this out. i may get to like it"! with a very limited concept, clampett manages to make 'an itch in time' a unique, minutiae-based cartoon. like an early episode of 'seinfeld', 'an itch in time' is practically about nothing but very funny with it.

elmer fudd is laughing while lounging in his easy chair and reading his comic book, his dog comfortably nearby sleeping in front of the fireplace. all is peaceful until a flea comes bouncing by. (the flea is dressed in a farmer's-type outfit with a big sombrero and is carrying a satchel with the name "a. flea" on it.) he gets out his telescope and spots the dog. (we see a big shot of the dog's butt and the flea whistles in excitement, screaming "t- bone!" he then sings, "there's food around the corner; there's food around the corner!")that sets up the storyline of this cute-but-obnoxious flea tormenting the poor dog. the mutt is hilarious as he reacts to the flea. the drawings of his huge teeth chomping right next to the fleeing flea are clever and the dog's dialog made me laugh out loud a few times. this might be the funniest canine i have ever seen in a cartoon! the poor pooch, under a threat of having to take a bath, as to not react when the stupid flea causes him pain. it's almost painful to watch as the flea uses pickaxes, jackhammers and the like on the dog. he puts firecrackers in the dog's behind. it's brutal!

`an itch in time' is one of a string of home runs bob clampett hit for wb in the early 1940s, including `horton hatches the egg' and `tortoise wins by a hare.' soaked in manic timing and exaggerated mayhem, it's basically the saga of a flea who's busy breaking ground for a new home, and the dog whose ground is being broken. because master elmer will give him a dreaded flea bath if he so much as scratches, the unlucky canine is forced to endure an upward spiral of torment as the homesteading flea uses pick-axes and power tools to clear the `land.' ultimately, the little monster lights the fuse to a small mountain of high explosives he's piled onto his victim's backside! there's a tremendous explosion, and the hapless pooch covers his eyes as his rear end erupts in a blazing fourth of july display! that really has to hurt, and the dog takes flight, but soon he stops the action and says with a merry smile, `you guys better cut it out, 'cause i think i'm starting to like it!' for years this kinky confession was censored, but current prints have restored the clip, so now viewers can enjoy it in its original devilish glory. still cut, however, is the closing gag in which the cat blows his brains out after he laments, `now i've seen everything!' this was a common gag at wb, but it has since been purged from this cartoon and several others, including `horton.'

the surprise nominee of this year's best animated feature race at the oscars. it's an irish film by heart, but it was co-produced by belgium and brazil, with, i'm guessing, animators working in all three countries. the product is one of the most beautiful and unique films in recent memory. the character design is a little reminiscent of the french animated film persepolis from a couple of years back, with very simple characters with thick, black outlines. this film is not in black and white. oh no. what makes this film great is its use of color, simply some of the most outrageous and startling use of colors i've ever seen. the general design of the pictures is also a lot more geometrical, with characters who are basically rectangles or ovals. much of the film can be spent playing find the circle - a major aspect of the visual design is a circle in the center of the image. all of these geometrical designs have a purpose - the story is about a young boy who is learning to be an artist working on illuminated manuscripts (the book of kells is a real illuminated bible; the art of the film is based on the drawings in it). the story of the film isn't especially deep, but it's a pretty good fantasy tale. brendan is a young boy in kells, a city surrounded by enormous walls, built by his uncle to keep out vikings. a newcomer to kells, brother aiden, inspires brendan to take up illustrating. he also inspires him to do things like leave kells and explore the nearby forest, within which lives a nymph. bruno coulais provides a fantastic score, almost as good as the one he did for coraline, which i consider the very best of the year.

first animated feature film from ireland is also one of the best animated films i've ever seen. its a real warts and all story that is unlike any of the other oscar nominees and any other film from this year or any other year.the plot of the film has the abbot of kells, a village in ireland building a wall around his town to prevent the vikings from destroying the town should they ever attack. his nephew brendon, is a young monk who does the best he can but meets the ire of his uncle by doing things in his own time. when a legendary illuminator aidan arrives from a destroyed monastery, brendon drifts towards him and his warm personality. much to his uncle's chagrin aiden offers to teach brendon how to illuminate. in order to help aidan work on his great book, saved from his destroyed monastery, brendan goes out into the forest to get material to make ink. while outside the walls he meets ashley, a forest spirit with whom he develops a friendship. unfortunately the abbot finds out that he went outside the wall and there is hell to pay. but lurking in the distance are the vikings...forget what you think you know about this film you're wrong. even what i've explained doesn't do this film justice. its a simple story with so much more going on. this is a wonderful movie about trying to find your way in the world, over coming demons and finding the beauty of the world outside of the walls. (as the film says the world is a dangerous place and doesn't cease to be even if you build walls).its a film that treats its audience as adults and deals with all of life including the darkness. there is death and destruction and joy and happiness. its not sugar coated. people die. monsters lurk. (it freaked out some of the kids), but in the end there is hope. frankly the darkness in this film is completely unlike anything in any recent american film. forget the "sadness" in a pixar film, this is the real thing, and its refreshing and it shows how homogenized even pixar has become.its a genndy tartakovsky-esquire (samurai jack) animated film who's look is actually based upon the the celtic art of the period. its a film that looks unlike any other. here again is another film that takes the movie frame and uses it in every way possible. the images are designed to fill the available space as much as possible. often the film manipulated things to make it look like a page in the legendary book of kells. its stunningly beautiful and best described as art come to life.director tomm moore has fashioned a film that is a masterpiece. i can't say more than that. its a masterpiece. its one of the best animated films i've ever run across.

this animated feature (a co-production between ireland, belgium and france) deals with what is surely one of the oddest subject ever for a movie: the creation in the 9th century of a famous illuminated manuscript, the book of kells. in this fantastic retelling of that story, a prepubescent boy named brendan, living in a monastery ruled by his uncle, a stern abbot who is worried preparing the defenses of the abbey from the impending attack by the feared vikings, must get into the forbidding surrounding forest to find the materials that a master illuminator named aidan needs to finish the book. to do that task, in the forest he unexpectedly finds the help of a friendly fairy named aisling.gorgeously and delicately drawn by hand (there is some computer animation in a few key passages) in a manner that wants to resemble both medieval and traditional celtic art, and with a very creative use of color and all sorts of geometric shapes, this film is relentlessly strange, but is a good strange, not of the off putting variety but of the eye opening sort. if one were to nitpick - beyond some anachronisms, like an african monk in 9th century ireland – one would have to say that the blend of catholic mysticism with celtic paganism in this movie never really coalesce. and the comic relief is sometimes a bit too broad. that's why i cannot give them the highest ranking. but these are minor problems with an otherwise delightful and superbly imaginative film.

a beautiful piece of children's cinema buried in a world of archaic celticism. setting the story around the famous book of kels, believed to have been comprised by monks from the small island of iona, off the western coast of scotland.telling the tale of a young abbots apprentice who goes off into the forest in search of crom-cruic, the fierce headless horseman of pagan mythology. in hopes of recovering a lost artefact.the films true beauty lies in its' animation. cell shaded in a bright and inspirational style of deep complexity resulting in a look of seem less simplicity. deriving much from the artistic style of the brilliant cartoon network series 'samurai jack' for its genius use of mark making and background depth, the secret of kels creates a consistently affective celtic world living under the shadow of viking invasion.the history may be intensely inaccurate and the ways of life portrayed lacking realism but these facts are utterly irrelevant as the film sets itself in a world of fantasy and celtic-revivalist mysticism. the girl of the forest is a wonderful addition and in my opinion makes the picture what it is, as she glides from branch to branch. appearing and disappearing like a mysterious nymph with qualities resembling the legendary cheshire cat from alice and wonderland.the secret of kels is an absolute treat. for all genders, all ages, it's a lovely piece of family cinema.don't expect to be awed but instead pleasantly impressed!

while watching this movie i was frustrated and distracted and by the end, i wanted to give the movie a solid 4 or 5. i thought the animation was random and all over the place and there was too much going on. even my a.d.d couldn't keep up. it felt like a slight acid trip. everything looked flat, there was no dimension to anything. there were so many shapes, lines and patterns. i really wanted to stop the movie mid-way and smash my burned copy of this movie. but after i finish watching it, i went online to read up on the movie and i should have done a little research into this movie before watching.the secret of kells is loosely based on the true story about the original book of kells. a small boy, brendan, is given the task of penning new pages in what is set to be the greatest book ever written. this book will contain information that will help "change darkness into light." brendan lives in the village of kells behind huge stone walls. taking place in the 8th century, brendan's uncle, the abbot of kells, is trying to build the wall to keep the vikings out. brendan's uncle insist he help complete the wall, but a traveler and keeper of "the book" secretly trains brendan to hone in on his illustration skills, and convinces him to complete "the book" and carry out it's word.the entire time i watched the movie i thought i was missing something because i didn't really understand what was going on. i figured i was just missing a piece of irish history. a simple google search taught me all i needed to know about the original book of kells. after reading many articles, my opinion of the movie greatly changed.the book of kells is a copied version of the first few books of the new testament transcribed into latin by gaelic monks in ireland in the 8th century. along with it's paleographic and insular script, the book is also beautifully illustrated in insular art, a type of early art form know for it's intricacy, complexity, and miniature illustrations. much of the art in the book of kells is depicted as lots of art was at the time, flat and dimensionality challenged with no perspective. but what makes the book of kells stand out from other early pieces of art is it's use of many colors.the secret of kells is very colorful. i originally thought the animation was flat and boring. it reminded me a lot of the cartoon samurai jack which also had a flat and "amine" look to it. once i learned about the art styles of the book of kells, it's obvious that many of the styles from the book are mimicked in the movie. there are lines and swirls and various shapes that inhabit brendan's mind. whenever he goes into his imagination, circular shapes resembling the sun, cogs, clocks and wheels begin filling the screen. the edges of the screen become framed in decorated moving triangles or circles. transitions are filled with color, and celtic knots. from the trees to the floors, many things in this world are covered in shapes or patterns.clocking in at 70 minutes minus credits, the secret of kells is a fun little history lesson with a little adventure and silliness thrown in to keep people (maybe just children) interested. i think one has to generally be open-mined to the secret of kells as half art piece, half movie about history. despite looking like it was animated with adobe illustrator, it's a very nice looking movie. but based on the 20 films submitted for oscar consideration, i don't think it was worth being nominated over mary and max.thatwasjunk.blogspot.com

the secret of kells is one of the most unique, beautiful, and eye- popping animated films i have ever seen. before watching this film, i was convinced that nothing could give up a run for its money and that it was a shoo-in to win in this category, but i found in kells a serious contender.the secret of kells tell the story of a young orphan named brendan, who lives with his uncle, the abbot of kell. the abbot is a loving guardian, but perhaps a bit too strict and much more concerned with fortifying the wall around the town from a coming attack by vikings than he is at nurturing the boy's imagination. when the legendary brother aidan (who looks surprisingly like willie nelson) shows up and takes the boy under his wing, brendan goes on a journey into the woods and meets a lovely forest nymph named aisling who takes a liking to him (and saves his life more than once). with aisling's help, he attempts to save the town and help brother aidan complete the mystical book which—legend has it—can turn dark into light.see my full review of the secret of kells at: http://theoscarsblog.blogspot.com/2010/02/movie-review-secret-of- kells.html

the secret of kells is an independent, animated feature that gives us one of the fabled stories surrounding the book of kells, an illuminated manuscript from the middle ages featuring the four gospels of the new testament. i didn't know that this book actually exists, but knowing it now makes my interpretation and analysis much a lot easier. there are a few stories and ideas floating around about how the book came to be, who wrote it, and how it has survived over 1,000 years. this is one of them.we are introduced to brendan, an orphan who lives at the abbey of kells in ireland with his uncle, abbot cellach (voiced by brendan gleeson). abbot cellach is constructing a massive wall around the abbey to protect the villagers and monks. brendan is not fond of the wall and neither are the other monks. they are more focused on reading and writing, something abbot cellach does not have time for anymore. he fears the "northmen," those who plunder and leave towns and villages empty and burnt to the ground.one day a traveler comes from the island of iona near scotland. it is brother aidan, a very wise man who carries with him a special book that is not yet finished. abbot cellach grants him permission to stay and brendan buddies up with him. aidan has special plans for brendan. first he needs ink for the book, but he requires specific berries. the only way to get them is to venture outside the walls and into the forest, an area off limits to brendan. seeing that he is the only chance for aidan to continue his work, he decides to sneak out and return with the berries before his uncle notices his absence.in the forest brendan meets ashley, the protector of the forest. she allows brendan passage to the berries and along the way becomes akin to his company. she warns him of the looming danger in the dark and not to foil with it. there are things worse than vikings out there. from there brendan is met with more challenges with the book and the looming certainty of invasion.i like the story a lot more now that i know what it is about. knowing now what the book of kells is and what it contains, the animation makes perfect sense. i'm sure you have seen pictures or copies of old texts from hundreds of years ago, with frilly borders, colorful pictures, and extravagant patterns, creatures, and writings adorning the pages. much like the opening frames of disney's the sword in the stone. the animation here contains a lot of similar designs and patterns. it creates a very unique viewing experience where the story and the animation almost try to outdo each other.i couldn't take my eyes off of the incredible detail. this is some of the finest 2d animation i have seen in years. it's vibrant, stimulating, and full of life. the characters are constantly surrounded by designs, doodles, and patterns in trees, on the walls, and in the air just floating around. it enhances the film.the story is satisfactory, although i think the ending could have been strung out a little more. with a runtime of only 75 minutes i think there could have been something special in the final act. it doesn't give a lot of information nor does it allude to the significance of the book. we are reminded of it's importance but never fully understand. we are told that it gives hope, but never why or how. that was really the only lacking portion of the film. otherwise i thought the story was interesting though completely outdone by the animation.i guess that's okay to a certain degree. the animation can carry a film so far before it falls short. the story lacks a few parts, but it is an interesting take on a fascinating piece of history. i would recommend looking up briefly the book of kells just to get an idea of what myself and this film are talking about. i think it will help your viewing experience a lot more. this a very impressive and beautifully illustrated film that should definitely not be missed.

the secret of kells is an astonishing first animated feature which will dazzle your eye and move your heart. the shortcomings of the film's limited budget and sometimes limited animation are more than compensated for by the visual poetry of the story of young brendan's heroic quest to become a master illuminator during the dark ages. historically this was in the late 8th century, when the centers of irish learning were over-run by the vikings. the vikings appear here as brute antagonists, the equivalent on the north seas of the plundering huns and mongols further east. the film's narrative--- which functions more as a parable--- centers around the conflict between brendan, who seeks to create beauty in his illuminations during a time of encroaching darkness, and his stern uncle the abbot-- who seeks to protect the town of kells and his nephew with a looming wall as barrier against the norsemen. the abbot disregards the value of brendan's art in his quest for security. this is the movie's outer conflict. brendan's inner conflict is to find the hidden eye of creative illumination which will allow him to complete the most difficult painting in the book of kells. this eye is guarded by a dragon ouroboros, who destroys from within those not suited to this quest as surely as the vikings will kill from without (that's as much of the story as i'll divulge!)what i really like about this film is its creators' imaginative understanding of some of the greatest art work to survive in the west from 1200 years ago. the characters are stylized in flat abstract shapes defined by line just as in the original book of kells. (particularly noteworthy is monk aidan's pet cat, defined in few lines, yet purely--- and even magically metamorphically feline.) the range of emotion which brendan and the other animated characters convey given their economy of abstract design is a tribute to the excellent artistry of the director and his animators. the decorative borders on the edge of the picture change to complement the dramatic impact of a given scene, and this characteristic of illuminations from the dark ages is brought to wondrous animated life in the secret of kells. of course, historical dramas usually tell us more about our own times than the times which these dramas endeavor to depict. however, by introducing archetypal elements into this story, the writers and director of the secret of kells convey a numinous sense of lived-life from that far-off time in ireland which feels psychologically true, however much the script might stray from pedantic historical fact. (the united nations' band of illuminators who appear as a rogues' club of artists in the secret of kells aren't historically probable, but they're all well-designed, individuated characters who do much to convey the universal appeal of this quintessentially irish story.) animation has always seemed the best vehicle to me to better help us understand the visual art of different times and cultures. the magnificent art direction of this movie clearly derives from its historical visual source, but has also been cleverly adapted to the demands of animated storytelling; if animation had existed in the dark ages, the secret of kells is what it would look like! finally, brendan's hero's quest in this film is the artist's perennial quest to convey the spirit of beauty, life and inspiration. (without being preachy or even particularly christian, this movie affirms jesus' dictum that "man does not live by bread alone." ) in my estimation the most inspired movie about the creative process of visual artists is andrei tarkovsky's andrei rublev, a film about the great russian icon painter of the 15th century. the secret of kells expresses much the same sense of mystery and exhilaration about the artist's visual quest and creative process. it's certainly not as profound as andrei rublev, but--- heck--- its a cartoon! (and one which will appeal to young and old alike.) i think this movie will hold up well to repeated viewing: in its own modest life-affirming way, this stylized secret of kells is a classic.

i would not have known about this film if not for its "surprise" oscar nomination for best animated feature film. thankfully, it came to pass that i was able to watch this animated little treasure.the story is about the child brendan who was the nephew of the imposing and overprotective abbot of the township of kells. the main pre-occupation of the abbot is to build a wall to protect kells from the attacking vikings. one day, aiden, the renowned illustrator from iona, sought refuge with them. aiden opens brendan's eyes to the art of illustration and the lure of the outside world. along the way, brendan befriended the white forest sprite aisling, as he sought to recover an ancient crystal invaluable to the meticulous art of book illustration."the secret of kells" is unlike most of the animation released these days. it is a throwback of sorts as the illustrations are done in stark geometric lines and design without much care for realism, as much as symbolism. the movements of these lines are reminiscent of the simplistic yet fluid animation style used at the beginning sequence of "kung fu panda." however, it is the magnificent use of color that is the main source of wonderment for the audience. the reds used in the viking invasion sequence is unforgettably haunting.try to catch this quiet gem of a film. it is a welcome respite from all the senseless bombast of current animated fare such as "monsters vs. aliens" and the like. the sparse celtic musical score is effective in evoking the sense of fantasy that imbues the film. ok, the story might be a little shallow and the ending a bit wanting. i would have liked to know more about the book that brendan and aiden was working on. but the clear star of this film is clearly its amazing stylized artwork, said to be based on the artwork in the real book of kells.

the secret of kells may be the most exquisite film i have seen since the triplets of belleville. although stylistically very different, kells shares with triplets and (the jaw-dropping opening 2d sequence of) kung fu panda, incredible art direction, production design, background/layout and a richness in color that is a feast for one's senses. kells is so lavish -- almost gothic in its layout (somewhat reminiscent of klimt), wonderfully flat in general overall perspective, ornate in its celtic & illuminated design, yet the characters are so simplistic and appealing -- and it all works together beautifully. you fall in love with the characters from the moment you meet them. you are so drawn to every detail of the story and to every stroke of the pencil & brush. what tomm, nora, ross, paul and all at cartoon saloon (& their extended crews) have achieved with this small budget/very small crewed film, is absolutely astounding. the groundswell of support amongst our animation community is phenomenal. this film is breathtaking and the buzz amongst our colleagues in recommending this film is spreading like wildfire. congratulations to kells on its many accolades, its annie nomination as well as its current oscar qualifying run. they are all very well-deserved nods, indeed...

the secret of kells is a film i've been waiting for for years after seeing some early footage at the cartoon saloon in kilkenny. i'm here to tell you now it's been worth the wait. the cartoons are heavily stylised but not annoyingly so as i'd feared. the whole film is a thing of beauty and great imagination, i particularly love the animated illuminated book where the little figures come to life on the page. the characterisation is superb, i love brendan gleeson's voice as the stern abbot and i especially liked the voice of the sprite aisling. the forest is a triumph, such a beautiful place. the story is well realised, a mix of fact and fantasy. and really draws the viewer in to cheer on brendan in his quest for the perfect materials for the book. i'm a lover of calligraphy and illumination anyway so the subject is close to my heart, but all the people i know who've seen this and are not fans of the craft agree that it's a lovely little film. i will definitely buy the dvd when it's released, and would like to say, well done cartoon saloon and all the people involved in this mammoth project. may there be many more. :) coming back in here to say that i bought several copies of the dvd as soon as i could and gave them out at christmas, everyone loves it! and i wish them all the luck in the world at the oscars, such a joy to see this nominated.

night of the living homeless is a funny spoof of the 1978 film(and the 2004 remake) of "dawn of the dead".only this time...with the homeless.the episode has homeless people all coming to south park and the people cannot figure out why.they treat the homeless like zombies who want change and a few of the parents end up on the roof of a supermarket like in the movie.so now it's up to the boys to find out where they came from and how to get rid of them.this is a fairly funny episode with some good moments like the boys singing their own version of the 2pac/dr.dre song "california love".overall a good episode.8/10

i found this episode to be one of funniest i've seen in a long time. the south park creators have done the best spoof of a romero film i have ever seen.they have truly touched on romero's underlying social commentary that he has made with each one of his films. i would love to know what george romero's opinion was on this episode i'm sure it was purely positive! keeping his true vision for his zombie epics fully intact! most spoofs deal with the pure gore without making the viewer think as romero tries to do with his films. i think that if a zombie outbreak did happen we may actually worry about our property values before our lives as shown in this episode!

and yet another run of south park comes to an end. this wasn't as strong an episode as i'd hoped for, but night of the living homeless was a stronger finisher then stanley's cup, tsst, bloody mary, or erection day. it still can't hold a candle to woodland critter christmas and goobacks, but few episodes can.night of the living homeless is a spoof of the zombie genre, done in a way only south park would think of. instead of flesh eating zombies, the entities are homeless that request change and seem to survive off of it.randy and other residents are locked in the community center, though this time on the roof, where they can survey the scene. a particularly funny moment is when one member finds out his home is gone, and becomes homeless, leaving randy no choice but to shoot him.meanwhile, the four boys set out to solve the problem, with the whole story behind the homeless takeover trying to convey a message, but being seriously uninspired. south park is at it's best a lot of the times when it is being ridiculous. matt and trey played it safe this week, and didn't really critique the homeless problem, just lampooned it.the shock moment of the episode comes when a scientist shoots himself in an attempt to avoid the homeless. this is the first time a suicide on south park goes wrong, and we watch the poor man miss his brain and then attempt to shoot himself many times while he painfully dies. another inspired south park moment.overall, the episode was funny, but it was kept from being great by withholding any real commentary on the homeless and sticking straight with the zombie shtick. the ending is somewhat funny, but nothing new.now we must wait until october for the next batch of episodes. it's a long haul, but south park must be applauded for it's run. the show seemed to be running out of steam last season, but now it's back in full form.

"night of the living homeless" was a fairly strong finish to the first half of season 11. obviously a parody of various zombie movies, most notably dawn of the dead, this episode parallels the homeless with the living dead, as creatures who feed and thrive off of spare change rather than brains.kyle is blamed for the sudden mass outbreak of homeless people when he, out of the goodness of his heart, gives a $20 to a homeless man in front of his house. more homeless people begin to infiltrate south park, until the town is completely overrun with them. this is a very strong randy marsh episode, as he assumes the role of the shotgun-wielding leader of the adults who take refuge on the roof of the park county community center. but before randy makes it to the community center, he is accosted by hundreds of homeless people while hilariously screaming "i don't have any change!!" unfortunately, the refugees end up losing gerald broflofski to the homeless, when he tries to escape by catching a bus out of town, and unwittingly tosses away all his change for the bus to distract the homeless people. then he becomes one of them, asking everyone for change.the boys attempt to find out why there are so many homeless people in south park, and find a man who is a director of homeless studies. they find out that the nearby city of evergreen used to have a similar problem with the homeless, so they escape to evergreen to find out what they did to solve the problem. unfortunately, homeless people break into the man's house, and he attempts to take the easy way out by shooting himself. however, he fails several times, as he shoots himself in the jaw, in the eye, in the chest, in the neck, in the shoulder, screaming horribly until he finally dies. this scene may have been funnier had a similar scene not happened in "fantastic easter special" two weeks ago.meanwhile, a member of the refugees discovers that due to the homeless problem, the property values have nosedived, thus the bank has foreclosed on his house, making him homeless. randy immediately turns on him, holding the gun to the man's head. when the man finally begs the others for a few bucks to help him out, randy pulls the trigger.in evergreen, the boys find out that the citizens of the town sent the homeless to south park, and that the passing of homeless from town to town happens all over the country. the boys modify a bus that leads the homeless out of south park and takes them all the way to santa monica, california.the zombie movie parallels and the great randy marsh lines make this one definitely re-watchable. 8/10

some people have stated that as of the 11th season, south park has started a trend of leaving behind their politically biting satire for shallow spoofs; but this could not be further from the truth.while this episode does spoof the living dead series, there is more. it is a satire of how people treat the homeless. characters say things like "they're pretending to be just like us" or "they want to be human." this episode attacks a culture of people who ignore the lower class who are often just down on their luck.so yes, it is still a satire, and also a wonderful spoof. what more could you want?

in another one of bugs bunny's hare-raisingly wacky shorts, the famous leporid* works in a department store display case, when owner gildersleeve decides to stuff him. of course, this proves nearly impossible, as bugs apparently knows the store better than gildersleeve (and knows when to cross-dress). as always, they keep everything coming at top speed, and so you have to wonder how hilarious this cartoon must have seemed when it first debuted! among other things, "hare conditioned" is a fine example of how the looney tunes looked in the '40s before the termite terrace crowd polished them. but don't get me wrong, the cartoons were still really good after the refined forms arrived.anyway, this is a great one.*leporids are rabbits and hares.

a great bugs bunny cartoon from the earlier years has bugs as a performer in an window display at a local department store. after he's done for the day the manager comes in to tell him that he'll be transferring soon. bugs is happy to oblige into he figures out that the new job is in taxidermy...and that taxidermy has to do with stuffing animals. animals like say, a certain rabbit. this causes a battle of wits between the rascally rabbit and his now former employer. i found this short to be delightful and definitely one of the better ones of the early 1940's. it still remains as funny nearly 60+ years later. this animated short can be seen on disc 1 of the looney tunes golden collection volume 2.my grade: a-

is it a good idea to use live animals for department store window displays?no, and here's why....in "hare conditioned" the sale that bugs is helping promote is over and the store manager (nelson) is transferring him to a new department: taxidermy. naturally, bugs objects and the fun begins.using nearly every department in the store (children's wear, sports, shoes, costumes, women's nightgowns - don't ask.), bugs comes out on top at every turn, even referring to the manager as "the great gildersneeze". even when trapped in the confines of an elevator, bugs makes the best of the situation.director jones is on top of his pictorial game as always, as are blanc (as bugs, natch) and nelson (the manager - who does sound like radio mainstay gildersleeves - go ask your grand-parents).and a sage word of advice: when confronted by a fuzzy-looking woman wanting to try on bathroom slippers, always check her ears.ten stars for "hare conditioner", the best argument yet for animal labor laws.

this, along with "hare tonic," ranks as one of the best bugs cartoons, indeed one of the best bugs, ever. there are some comments about how bugs in these cartoons is "basic," meaning, i guess, that he is as yet not fully developed. i actually prefer this "basic" version from the mid-40s (chuck jones' was the best version) who is actually more rabbit-sized and far more amusing than the eventual long-legged version who towered over yosemite sam and daffy duck. the latter-day bugs came to be too suave and sophisticated for my liking. also check out "hair raising hare" (1946) and "rabbit punch" (1948) for great examples of classic bugs and classic chuck jones.

chuck jones's 'hare conditioned' is a fast paced, often hilarious cartoon. pitting bugs bunny against a strange, yellow-skinned apartment store manager who wants to have him stuffed, 'hare conditioned' takes full advantage of its multi-purpose setting. the chase takes bugs and his pursuer through a variety of departments, leading to an inspired gag in which they quickly emerge from various departments wearing whatever clothes are associated with that part of the store. this great gag is trumped, however, by a truly inspired sequence involving elevators in which bugs, disguised as an elevator boy, tricks the store manager into relentlessly getting on or off elevators at the wrong time. it's a brilliant climactic set piece which unfortunately gives way to a not very funny final gag. by that time, however, 'hare conditioned' has made its mark as one of the great chase films, bursting with wild energy. as bugs was becoming more refined in some of the other cartoons from this period, 'hare conditioned' showed that he could still be just as appealing as a more anarchic character.

fragglerock is excellent in the way that schindler's list was excellent. a great watch for children and adults of all genders. big noses can be seen as hinting towards phallic symbols, in the same way that h.r. puff n stuff had hinted towards marijuana smoking. your kids will love this movie. i enjoyed it very much as a child. my father showed me this movie as a child. he enjoyed it as well and pointed out that the exaggerated noses were phallic symbols. although at the time i had no clue about what those were. the movie is comedy and adventure. the storyline is wacky and cheerful. i and you shall enjoy this together.

everything was better in past days. even children's television. and fraggle rock proves my point quite easily. at the time of writing this comment i am fourteen years old but even in my teen years i can't resist the charm of fraggle rock. for those of you that have indeed been living under a rock (haha!), fraggle rock is about a horde of playful and goofy creatures called fraggles who live-amazingly-in a rock. but they're not the only creatures. the rock is inhabited with many other species like the hardworking doozers and countless living plants. outside the rock on one side live inventor-scientist doc and his dog sprocket (who later befriends gobo fraggle), on the other side a family of gorgs-supposed rulers of the universe. the five main fraggles gobo (fearless leader), mokey (arty and peaceful), wembley (indecisive and a friend to gobo), boober (a pessimistic domestic god) and red (loves anything to do with sport and general feistyness)get caught up in some strange situations each episode while at the same time sing and dance their cares away.fraggle rock is definitely a family show-the plots may have intricate details that infants may not follow well, but the song-and-dance routines will hold their attention. the characters are strong and likable, their conflicts believable and their adventures thrilling. the gorgs are frightening, doc and sprocket enlightening, uncle travelling matt hilarious (the postcard segments are very 80s!) and the final episode, change of address, genuinely touching. let's go down to fraggle rock again!

despite gorgeous and breathtaking animation, this is probably one of most uninspiring disney films i've seen, and i don't slam disney films very often. spirit is a wild stallion who repeatedly gets captured, either by the cavalry or by indians, both of which try to "break" him. spirit ends up forming a bond with the indian, and that, in a nutshell, is the story. with exception to the beautiful animation of the horses, neither i or my five year old were very inspired or excited by this film. it's ironic that it's titled "spirit", as spirit is what this film could have used a bit more of. an extra point was given for the soundtrack, which was enjoyable, with songs by bryan adams and hans zimmer. and although this film is rated g, you will still probably have to end up explaining what "breaking a horse" means to your five year old. i did.

time for a rant, eh: i thought spirit was a great movie to watch. however, there were a few things that stop me from rating it higher than a 6 or 7 (i'm being a little bit generous with the 7).point #1: matt damon aggravates me. i was thinking, 'what a dicky voice they got for the main character,' when i first heard him narrate - and then i realized it is matt damon. the man bugs me so very bad - his performance in "the departed" was terrible and ruined the movie for me (before the movie got a chance to ruin itself, but that's another story for some other time), as it almost did "spirit". i was able to get past this fact because of how little narration there actually was... thankfully.point #2: brian adams sucks... the whole score was terrible... the songs were unoriginal, generic, and poorly executed; not once did i find the music to fit; and the lyrics were terrible. every time one of the lame songs came on, i was turned off. i almost thought i'd start hearing some patriotic propaganda slipped into the super-american freedom style lyrics (i couldn't help but be reminded of those terrible patriotic songs that played on the radio constantly after 9/11). in light of the native american aspects of the film, they should have gone with fitting music using right instruments, not petty radio-hit, teen-bop, 14-year-old-girl crap. i thought i was back in junior high school. i can't believe no better could have been done--i refuse to. had it not have been for this, i'd rank the film up more with disney, which knows a thing or two about originality (ok, don't bother saying what i know some of you are probably thinking ;). too bad, it's a shame they couldn't have hired better musicians.i liked the art and animation, except for some things here and there... like sometimes the angles appear too sharp on the face and the lines too thick or dark on the body (thick/dark lines mainly near the end). there were often times when i thought they _tried too hard_ on the emotion and facial expressions and failed at drawing any real emotion. but there were also times when the emotion ran thick. anyhow, many scenes were lazy and the layers were apparent.ok, i'm falling asleep here so i'll sum it up before i start making less sense...nice try on an epic film... it turned out mediocre though. matt damon, you suck!

white man + progress + industrialization = bad. first nations + nature + animals = good. simple formula. actually, in past days the same kind of propaganda was used to defend the status quo; now it is used to attack it. however, that being said, i think the movie does succeed in overcoming hackneyed politicization because it plays to the themes of freedom and original nature in a way that appeals to everyone. you may not be onside with the movie's rubbishy revisionism of how the west was won, er lost. but anyone can feel a sense of longing for the days when horses could run free on the western plains. (the movie also conveniently sidesteps the fact that there were no horses in america before the evil white man brought them there). anyway, i liked it. the quality of the animation - especially the opening shot - is incredible.

i love horses and admire hand drawn animation, so i expected nothing short of amazement from dreamworks new animated picture spirit: stallion of the cimarron. i guess you could say i was a little bit disappointed. you have wonderful animation and at first what seems like a perfect story. a story about absolutely nothing but a horse in nature. the animals don't sing cute songs or even talk -- a major plus. sadly, the film has an uncalled for narration by matt damon; a sappy soundtrack by bryan adams; and enough action scenes to compare it to a jerry bruckheimer production. if the film makers would have just stayed with simplicity, we'd have a masterpiece here. this is not a great film, but it is good entertainment for small children. i would recommend this film to families because it has its heart in the right place and its the only thing out there right now that isn't offensive to small children. not bad, but could have been much better. very pretty visuals though.

while i had wanted to se this film since the first time i watched the trailer, i was in for a deep surprise with this film. while some of the elements and actions of the characters seemed a little too ‘cartoonish,' the dark nature of the film really makes this a much different experience. instead of the feel-good-happy-story, this film takes you in another direction that proves to be uplifting, but also disturbing. most kids won't understand some of the darker moments in the film, which makes this film rather watchable for adults. i was also impressed with the cinematography, using animation and digital animation to create a seamless network of pans and tilts. the musical score was once again solid, proving hans zimmer is the go-to guy when it comes to animated scores, and i never thought i would say i actually enjoyed brian adams' music.

this animated movie is a masterpiece! the narration, music, animation, and storyline where all remarkable. my girlfriend and i saw it again for a second time and we got more insight from it. we invited a couple friends to see spirit with us and they really enjoyed it a lot. when i asked them to come along to see it, they thought it was a movie about horses, but afterwards they realized it was more than that. i liked esperanza, spirit, rain, and lil' creek, who reminds me of nathan chasing horse who is smiles a lot in dances with wolves. spirit has deep symbolic meanings and metaphors that i found to be empowering and inspirational.i saw spirit for a third time and i want to go see it again. i enjoyed "spirit" tremendously because its portrayal of american indians is realistic, dignified, and non-stereotypical unlike the movie "the road to el dorado", which was a total farce because it portrayed american indians in a disrespectful and stereotypical way. but dreamworks has redeemed themselves by making spirit a great movie that i found to be acceptable! i hope they continue to make more animated movies like spirit, and i would like to see sequels or spinoffs to spirit if its done respectfully and without stereotyping american indians.i highly recommend this to others who have an open mind to go and pay to see spirit: stallion of the cimarron.

this is a wonderful movie in a lot of ways. everyone in my family enjoyed it. the animation is excellent and easily demonstrates that there are plenty of producers who create films that are as visually brilliant as anything that comes from the disney studio.one difference from the normal disney fare is that this dreamworks movie does not feature some wise-cracking side kick for comedy relief. and, there are no sudden moments where the characters break into song. i am sure that a scene at the beginning of the film would not appear in a disney picture: the birth of spirit. but it is done tastefully and is not offensive at all. "spirit" was a great breath of fresh air. don't get me wrong. i have loved disney for years and will continue to do so. "spirit" is another example of great animated fare. as soon as it was over, my kids wanted to watch it again. i had the same feeling. i thoroughly recommend it.

this is one of the most calming, relaxing, and beautifully made animation films i've ever seen. with beautiful music throughout the movie, the sounds and music can make you feel like you're in the movie! this movie is not just great for kids, but adults too. it teaches you lessons, such as never forget who you are, you can do whatever you stick your mind to, and to brave and daring. this movie can make you cry at times too, which is always a nice touch in movies. this movie is funny, sad, cute, and keeps you on the edge of your seat! some movies really give you a fuzzy feeling after you see them, and the movie "spirit" is definitely one of them! with my vote of 9/10 stars for animation, music, and a wonderful idea for a movie, it gave me a whole lot of spirit!

this movie was highly entertaining. the soundtrack (bian adams) is simply beautiful and inspiring. even more impressive is brian adams doing all the songs in french as well. the score is also uplifting and dramatic.the movie is made from a mix of traditional animation, combined with computer generated images. the result is truly stunning. i watch this film at least once a week with my kids and we never tire of it. the story is compelling and well narrated.i don't understand anyone who would rank this movie less than a 7. definately a keeper in my household.

i recently watched spirit and enjoyed it very much, i've seen it about 4 times now on hbo and will buy the dvd. those who gave negative reviews would probably think that `vanishing point' was just another car chase movie and `thelma & louise' was just another chick flick. although the conclusions of those films are darker i feel the themes are somewhat related; that freedom and individualism are very important and that there is usually someone wanting to take it away from you. the other common trait of these movies is the caring, thoughtful `guardian angel' types who help the main characters to overcome adversity.another review here mentions how this film relates to the theme of civilization invading someone else's home. all one has to do is look around at the dwindling open areas around us to see that.i thought the animation and the story were amazing, the animators really got the horses to look, act and move naturally. spirit's emotions were very clear as the story progressed (yes i'm aware they do humanize the horses a bit, but this is fiction). in a couple of action scenes you feel caught in the current of the rapids and the heat from a forest fire. in other more quiet scenes (which are most of the time) you're allowed to savor the backgrounds. one of the big things that make the story really work is by not going the talking, singing animals route. doing so would take away from the story's power. instead the flow of the story is told by occasional narration by the main character, further punch is added by the fantastic soundtrack. another plus is that they weren't afraid to give the story somewhat of a dark side (which really made this film watchable to me). this isn't prevalent through the entire movie though, and the conclusion is fitting and uplifting without being sappy.those who appreciate horses will really like this movie, but i think it's a bit more than a horse movie. i don't feel this would be a good movie to take children to if they're brought up on the inane fare that's offered up today. but if they're the thoughtful sort that can handle compelling stories like the lord of the rings and black beauty they'll likely love this movie. hell, i'm 35 years old and still love that stuff.

this was a great movie with a good story. my children (10, 7, 5, and 4) all loved this movie, including myself. the music was also fantastic. no, the horses do not talk, but instead, the story is told by spirit. and to hear a story told by a horse's point if view was fun.i think the title says it all, "spirit". this movie really gives you a sense of family and home and friends. i would have to say my 4 year old boy and 5 year old girl were really touched by this movie, and even got so into it, they laughed so hard, and they cheered for spirit in the end. enjoy "spirit" with your family and have your spirit lifted with this heartwarming story. your kids will love it. i think you will too.

i thought this movie would be dumb, but i really liked it. people i know hate it because spirit was the only horse that talked. well, so what? the songs were good, and the horses didn't need to talk to seem human. i wouldn't care to own the movie, and i would love to see it again. 8/10

spirit: stallion of the cimarron is an overall wonderful movie. the blending of animation types is unique, the storyline is amazing, and the music is wonderful.the drawn animation is a special thing about many animations. how they expressed the characters, especially the horses, through their animation are spectacular especially. while the way horses communicate through body language is easy to understand, many young children and people who haven't studied horses might not understand. without words, i would imagine it would have to be challenging to express them through the features. because of this, i understand the 'eyebrow' they added to the horses (while real horses don't have those thick lines). one of the few things i noticed about horse habits that might have been portrayed strangely is that spirit lead his mother's herd. in wild horse herds, the lead stallion usually chases the young colts out.also, while some people might think portraying the white army officers as the 'bad guys' is stereotyping, think of all the movies in which the native americans have been portrayed as that. sometimes back then; they did treat mustangs very poorly. for example, in real history, the appaloosa breed was almost wiped out due to the army officers. imagine what would have happened to one of the worlds best loved riding breeds if the native americans had not saved them.i think it's amazing how the realism wasn't subtracted by making the horses talk to each other. spirit's feelings were expressed by a little bit of narration, but mostly through the music (by bryan adams). the songs express the story really well, and hans zimmer and bryan adams did a great job telling the story through melodies and lyrics.the emotion i got when watching the movie, whether the first time or the twentieth (yes, i've watched it that much), you wouldn't believe. some of the scenes take your breath away, while others seem to force tears into your eyes. the opening sequence, showing spirit's homeland, puts you right into the spectacular action right away.i don't understand at all why some people are so hateful of this brilliant movie. overall, i rate it a 10/10 - a must watch.

i began riding horses fairly recently, and, as anyone who has ever ridden should know, i fell in love with horses and their world. i rented spirit on a whim, just trying to pack my life full of as much horse related material as i could, and i was surprised by the results.what i expected was a feel-good disneyesque movie with talking animals and stereotypes every five minutes.what i got was an amazing film, filled with beautiful scenery and animation, and an amazing storyline that has the great potential to warm one's heart.spirit is a wild mustang in the old west, whose entire world is brought crumbling down around him when he discovers the humans slowly taking over his homeland. the story unfolds with a wide array of characters, some human, some animals, all are well written and most are pleasant to watch on screen.i would recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys a good story, and who has an appreciation for history and animals.one thing i forgot to mention, but that i feel is important, is that the animals in this film do not talk. this was a really nice vacation from the lady and the tramp animated movies that everyone today is used to.

i really dislike both shrek films. (since their both "pg" and have words in them i would never say myself, so i disliked them.)but when it comes to "spirit: stallion of the cimarron," which i just barely watched for the first time last month, i became a fan of animated films, other than pixar. ***spoilers ahead*** in "spirit: stallion of the cimarron," a horse foal is born and eventually becomes the leader of his heard. one night, he sees a strange light in the distance, and he sets off toward it. this action eventually leads to his capture, and several more things. throughout the movie, we hear a narration. it's through the thoughts of spirit, though the horses never talk. this is what makes the movie so goo. they (the movie makers) recored real horses to do the sounds the horses made; none of those sounds were made by humans.spirit meets rain, a beautiful mare, and little creek, a native-american, who owns rain. little creek later frees spirit and rain, they go running home.i have never been a big fan of brian adams, but i intend to buy the soundtrack to this film in the near future. watch this film, and you won't regret it. my score: 10/10

i liked this movie a lot. the animation was well done and the romance was cute. i liked most of bryan adams' songs and the hans zimmer score was excellent. what a lot of people don't realize is how well it relates to the heart of darkness/apocalypse now themes (what happens when so-called "civilization" invades someone elses home, what does it mean to be "civilized" etc.). the opening scenery and music were very stirring. the film is a lament to an america that was once beautiful.

the horse is indeed a fine animal. picturesque depictions of wild horses and their grace could never have been more majestic in an animation flick.the animation is simply stupendous. the fine animation forms the backbone of the beauty that the horses embolden across the flick. more so when the stallion traverses diverse terrain, jumps across cliffs and braves waters. soundtrack too is very impressive. the wonderful instrumental music lures you to appreciate the movie. "they say the story of the west was written from the saddle of a horse . " huh? well ,the story of a fine horse sure was written from the saddle of the west .all in all, this movie is clearly up there with the best .it is one of the best animation flicks i have watched. would be a very fine choice on a lonely night. an easy 9/10.

well, what can i say, this movie really got to me, it's not so bad, as many say, i really loved it, although the idea seems so simple, and rather boring, it isn't. first of all i enjoyed the soundtrack (bryan adams), it really goes with the movie. second the simple story, and the drama of spirit gets your attention. one thing i like the most is that they didn't give the stallion a human voice to interact with the other horses, it makes the movie more realistic, not many animations seem realistic now do they ?, but... i don't know, making animals talk is just so... lame.one of the most beautiful animations of 2002 in my opinion, i recommend it to everyone, not just the kids :), because it is very relaxing.

if only all animation was this great. this film is classic because it is strong is two simple aspects: story and character. the characters in this film are beautifully personified. i felt for all of the characters, and human-animal relationship in the movie works perfectly. the beautiful animation and 3-d computer animation hasn't worked better in any other film. this is a great movie for kids, and for adults who want a classic hero's journey. 8 of 10.

i have probably seen this movie over fifty times by now because of the kids they just cant get enough of spirit. the best thing about the movie i think is that the animals isn't able to talk, this makes the whole movie more honest and makes a better impression on both kids and the adults so 10/10 from the kids and me

in a time when hollywood is making money by showing our weaknesses, despair, crime, drugs, and war, along comes this film which reminds us the concept of the "indomitable spirit". if you are feeling beaten down, this movie will free your mind and set you soaring. we all know how tough life can be, sometime we need to be reminded that persistence and courage will get us through. that's what this film did for me and i hope it will for you.

spirit is a unique and original look at western life from the point of view of a wild horse, and native americans. the film focuses on the friendships and perils that a wild horse, spirit, encounters during his life.very well done in the presentation, using the technology available today to deliver stunning visuals that are breathtaking in their depth and realism.the music is fantastic, with songs by bryan adams, and music by hans zimmer, who also was responsible for the extremely popular music from the 1994 disney hit, the lion king.the story is not very deep but the fact that it isn't quite as in-depth as some movies doesn't in my opinion detract from the film as a whole.an excellent film which i enjoyed immensely, and that is suitable for all the family. not one to be missed. (10/10)

since it has been some years since i reviewed this classic i have decided to go back and review it more in dept, but first some insider notes from a movie critic.this animated series is one of those that i grew up with, it made my childhood joyful, it made it awesome, miss some of this stuff today that we clearly don't see as much as we did back in the days, well on to the review...talespin, or luftens helte which it is called in denmark is a great animated series, it is much like chip and dale, ducktales and a lot of those old ones, so it has that weird feeling surrounding it, i cannot remember this series as much as i would like to remember it.but in my opinion it was very great, it came with some kind of message, not that wild of a message, however it is one of the old ones so that can be forgiven.now i don't want to sound old or anything but i feel like time slipped out of my hands with these cartoons, today we see something like ed edd and eddy or anything else weird like that, we have all these new or nearly new shows like hannah montana or something like that, yet i feel like that we don't have the same spirit in cartoons or real shows like we did in the early days.now maybe i am wrong but i feel like time has changed to much, to conclude i would be thrilled to see these series like talespin being released again to the tv screen instead of all the new ones, give me back my childhood cartoons, give them to the kids i have some day, give them again...

i used to watch this show when i was a little girl. when i think about it, i only remember it vaguely. if you ask me, it was a good show. two things i remember vaguely are the opening sequence and theme song. in addition to that, everyone was ideally cast. also, the writing was very strong. the performances were top-grade, too. i hope some network brings it back so i can see every episode. before i wrap this up, i'd like to say that i'll always remember this show in my memory forever, even though i don't think i've seen every episode. now, in conclusion, if some network ever brings it back, i hope that you catch it one day before it goes off the air for good.

thanks jymn magon, for creating disney's 2 best cartoons ever. this show has improved very much over the years. as a kid, i didn't like it because i thought it was a rip-off of ducktales, which was my favorite disney thing at the time (like grandmoffromero). then later on though it was good but not great. but after reading the reviews here, i decided to give it another chance & bought the dvd set & watched the whole pilot the first day i got it, & was very pleasantly surprised. it's still my favorite episode, although the series did live up to it. and by the end of disc 1, i knew this was going to be a top tenner.the characters are so complex & charming. my favorite has got to be wildcat. he's absolutely hilarious and sweet to boot. my next favorite is baloo, the best pilot on the show. i can see why 'ol jymn built the show around him. then it's kit cloudkicker. he & baloo have the best relationship in the series. after that, louie. jim cummings did a perfect job of impersonating the original voice. after him, rebecca. she has made me laugh pretty hard, and i do believe she and baloo eventually marry. and finally(for the heroes), molly. although she's my least favorite, i still like her. i think she's a very cute character(much better than webby from ducktales). and the villains were very original. don karnage & his air pirates always crack me up, kahn is ice-cold and ruthless, and the thembrians are always at least amusing.as said before, the stories range from hilarious(time waits for no bear, romance of red chimp) to nothing short of touching(the old man & the seaduck, paradise lost), to fun, funny & exciting adventures(in search of ancient blunders & my favorite for whom the bell klangs). these are only a few of my favorite episodes. anyway, talespin is disney's best, aside from gummi bears some reasons for this? gb had a decent amount of my favorite character(cubbi), while ts didn't have enough of wildcat. but in the end talespin remains a classic. bottom line- 10/10 6th best cartoon ever.

in the year 1990, the world of disney tv cartoons was certainly at it's prime. shows like chip n dale rescue rangers, ducktales and gummi bears was already popular, and now disney made another great cartoon and that cartoon brought the birth of the disney afternoon. that cartoon is called talespin. it's about old jungle book character baloo the bear as he gets a job in the plane business. in the series he meets kit cloudkicker, former air pirate and good cloud surfer, business lady rebecca cunningham and her hyperactive daughter molly. this series is very funny and has tons of great puns that you may not understand as a kid but understand later on in life. this is one cleverly written series and it's great to add to your dvd collection. parents, buy this for your kids rather letting them watch all of those horrible nickelodeon cartoons. if you liked talespin, then check out "darkwing duck" and "goof troop". spin it!

ahh, talespin! what can i say that hasn't already been said about this great show? nothing! this is without a doubt one of the most well-written shows i've ever encountered, live-action or animation. the newer stuff is way too dumbed down for my tastes, and some of the "mature" stuff i have to shoo kids out of the room for. but not talespin.the stories are engaging and very plausible. some of them could even be stretched out to an hour or two for a movie. episodes like stormy weather and her chance to dream are very dramatic while still being enjoyable for kids and adults alike. then there are the pure comedy episodes such as the bluest of the baloo bloods and stuck on you, where the emphasis is on hilarity. i can laugh myself to tears in a few choice ones.the drama aspect is very lacking in most shows nowadays(at least, those which aren't specifically geared toward it), especially in cartoons. in the episode stormy weather for instance, kit cloudkicker decides that he's going to join an air circus, but baloo believes that it would be too dangerous. in the biggest fight of the episode, baloo yells at kit to stay away from daring dan, to which kit screams "no! you can't tell me what to do! your're *not* *my* *dad*!" and buries his face in his pillow. the next day he leaves for the air circus. this kind of drama is a rarity in a cartoon, and would be most welcome in the ones created nowadays.the characters have a lot of depth to them. baloo is pretty much the way he is in the jungle book, plus or minus a few degrees of laziness. rebecca is a cunning business woman whose ideas on getting money, while good in theory, are seldom good in practice. molly is a cute little girl, but you can't let that deceive you. she can be a real hellion sometimes. kit cloudkicker is a darker character than the rest. he doesn't trust adults much unless they appeal to him, and he has a tendency to break off relationships. watch his expression in plunder and lightning when he grabs the grappling hook: he looks as though he's prepared to put it right through a pirate.in the end, it's the drama combined with the very real chemistry between the characters that makes this show #1 in my book. the relationship between baloo and kit is very real, almost father and son. this is demonstrated well in all's whale that ends whale when baloo takes kit's word for it that seymour is abusing the animals in his aquarium instead of siding with the other adults. baloo and becky's relationship is also realistic, due to baloo's motivation for working comes from wanting to buy back the ol' sea duck, not necessarily a desire to help rebecca. but something tells me that if he did get the duck back he'd still do jobs for rebecca.the sea duck, not to mention all the other planes in the series, is pretty realistically designed. the plane's functions don't change once throughout the series(continuity like that is hard to come by also), and unlike most other "super-planes" of other cartoons, it doesn't have one single weapon on board(unless you count mangoes!), and relies instead on it's cunning pilot's great skill to get out of trouble. it's hard to think of a hero vehicle that doesn't have some sort of gun turret, laser cannon, or even a handgun somewhere on board. and the fact that they use their heads to get out of trouble is so hard to find in a cartoon nowadays. plus it's just such a darn cool design!this is definitely the best cartoon. ever. period. definitely worth all ten stars!

ever since i remember, i have loved airplanes and flying. i am now in college with a private pilot's license and looking to become a commercial. i could never remember why i was so obsessed with the subject until i came across my old tail spin tapes in my basement at home and it hit me, this was it. my parents bought every single tape they had and this was the only show i would watch as a kid. i had the theme memorized as i grew up and i can still re-cite it today. it is absolutely amazing and i plan on buying the dvd's soon! it really is great for children and adults and is absolutely timeless. i cannot get enough of this show.

along with darkwing duck this is unfairly cancelled. disney has been in decline since tarzan and we need a show like this to get disney back on track. ed gilbert and jim cummings were perfect for the voices of louis and baloo (sounds familiar?) the theme theme tune is also catchy. out of all the villains, which are all great on their own merits, tony jay stands out as shere kahn. louis and baloo actually sound very similar to the voice overs in the jungle book, which isn't a bad thing at all. as a matter of fact, it's quite inspirational! the animation was spot on, and the script had plenty of wit that has been severely lacking in animations for years. please bring this show back! 9/10. bethany cox

as for many on here i can't help but praise the cast and crew who developed talespin and others they made throughout my childhood, i as all who have commented here have thoroughly enjoyed the quality of not just the animation but the quality of the story lines and the characters.to class this work of art as a "cartoon" could never do talespin justice, in fact it's an insult to class it as a "cartoon", talespin is an animation and nothing less, it is evidently the greatest work of genius to be produced at disney to date, when disney "pulled" it from the air little did they realise what they did and i'm sure their souls have been tortured by regret ever since.i'll take a moment to explain, from the first which is ducktales to the last which i think is darkwing duck, disney has been plagued with failures due to political correctness and have taken a quantum leap backwards since, they prefer quantity over quality now not to mention the room full of monkey's for the story's, i couldn't have my children watching the mind-numbing "cartoons" they throw out now in fear that they would all turn out to be homer simpson some time in the future and 50% of the blame would be on me for permitting them to watch it, i couldn't let that happen, which is why i have all of the shows from the late 80's to the mid 90's on a harddrive so one day my children couldn't be corrupted by the "cartoon crap" of today and to savour the last piece of childhood i have and to hold on to and i owe that all to talespin.talespin to me is without a doubt the best animation ever produced in the world on account of it's depth, charm, wit, compassion, emotion and lack of truly bad quality and story lines of which many have today, do you see any of that content in say "ed, edd and eddie or anything else you can think of?, the rubbish produced today can be likened to some 3 year old's undecipherable hyroglyph depicting a picasso.the next time you watch an episode of talespin; take a look at the woodgrain on any wooden object or building such as higher for hire and salivate over the quality of workmanship and effort put into this animation, even the one shot backgrounds were done as though they would use them again and again, the buildings look true to the art deco movement which was popular in the time period depicted, even the vehicles are true to life, ok not all of the episodes were fantastic in animation but the lower grade scenes were covered up by the superior scenes so all in all it evened it all out by the end of the episode and you'd probably never even notice at all unless you were focused and have an attention to detail.the one thing i love about this is what i like to call the "deliberate mistakes" or "intended mistakes" in each episode and some have two, for example in sheepskin deep where rebecca say's "you're up to something baloo" and baloo replies "who, me!, i'm as innocent as a schoolboy" take a look into rebecca's eyes, i won't spoil the rest of the baloopers but just keep an eye out next time.everyone elses comment's are bang on and 100% correct, i have nothing else to add that others haven't said already on here, disney, wake up and smell the coffee, you have been asleep for over a decade, stop producing rubbish and bring back quality into animations and stop producing "cartoons", we have seen the proof of what you can do and we want it back as rapidly as possible.

"spin it!"the 90s opened up with a clever disney favorite, "talespin," the tv cartoon series that featured characters from "the jungle book." join baloo and kit cloudkicker as they fly the sea duck like you've never seen it before: out of cape suzette, to louie's, up mountains, through jungles, on water, in volcanoes, looking for adventure, looking for treasure, looking for fun, all in one action-packed cartoon adventure!!!!!this was a favorite of mine as well as my family's. this ran on the disney afternoon the entire first half of the 90s until the original cartoons moved to the old disney channel in 1995, which i have seen on vacation once in 1996 before getting cable in march 1997.and good news: today the dvds are here!!!!! relive the fun and excitement of "dun, dun, dun, talespin!!!!!"10/10

if you are viewing this show for the first time, you may start wondering if you are in an alternate reality. colorful and imaginative characters? entertaining dialogue? plots that seem to have some depth to them, even creating atmospheres of suspense and drama at times? i mean, this is a syndicated children's show right? this is the same venue that has brought kids such drek as "pokemon", "pepper ann", "mighty morphin power rangers", and "vr troopers" (please note that three of the titles mentioned above are crass japanese exports, courtesy of the fox network and saban entertainment). don't worry, you are just sampling some of the quality fare that was available to kids during the late 1980's and early 1990's. some examples of this period would be "transformers", "garfield and friends", "captain power", and "c.o.p.s." (a cartoon not to be confused with the live action show on fox). besides these prime examples, disney also returned to syndicated programs for kids, coming up with a lineup called "the disney afternoon". aside from a dumbed-down show called "the gummi bears", early shows like "darkwing duck", "duck tales", and "chip 'n dale's rescue rangers" gave credence to the disney animation teams that were also turning out theatrical classics like "the little mermaid", "beauty and the beast", "the rescuers down under", and "the great mouse detective". but above all these wonders shines "talespin". the premiere of "plunder and lightning" was a two-hour thrill ride, and won an emmy. much to my delight, the rest of the episodes were up to par on the promise of the premiere.while i enjoy the plots and dialogue, i guess for me the greatest attraction are the characters. there's rebecca cunningham, an independent female, but still fallible; kit cloudkicker, full of pre-teen angst and optimism; louie, with his loyalty and support; frank wildcat, the most entertaining engineer since scotty on the original "star trek"; molly cunningham, cute and witty, but with some depth that most child characters don't have, and of course in the middle of it all, there's baloo, whom i would describe as a slobby version of james bond. this is because whenever there's trouble, baloo saves the day with the assistance of his sleeker-than-most, fastest-of-all sea duck (read: james bond's aston martin). of course every great show has to have great villains, and talespin doesn't disappoint here either. from the megalomania of businesstiger shere kahn, to the vain and always failing air pirate don karnage, to the hilarious and inept soviet-satirized thembrians. the animation is good, the music appropriate, and the episodes are (for me) the finest that children's programming has ever had to offer. great fun for the whole family!

this movie is great, the music "with the exception of the very first song in the movie" was awesome. the story line is awesome too, it's just basically a wonderfull movie, for all ages. i found the last battle scene awesome! basically this was a great flick!

still love it 17 or so years after the first time i saw it, in fact i discovered that i had lost my copy of this and was very upset. despite it's non-association with the original (which as a kid i never noticed and as an adult i don't care about), this is what cartoons *should* be like. just dark enough to be interesting and light enough to be enjoyed by everyone. i'm more than glad that my parents raised me on this kind of thing rather than the cartoons we see today that teach our kids nothing. the music is great, and gets stuck in your head forever...i have downloaded the entire soundtrack at one point or another.

every kid has that movie that he pops into vhs when he has nothing to do, or when there is a babysitter around. this was that movie for me. i can tell you the whole plot exactly, i must have seen it 100 times at least, and i can say it is a good kids/family movie.i still have the tape, i haven't watched it in 5 years, but maybe i'll get around to it this week, and be a kid for the day. you just have to love the care bears, and their messege.

in an era of such awful cartoons, i am rather in shock to see a movie with such good morals make it to the imdb bottom list for animated movies.this movie does contradict the first. i won't deny that. however, when i was in the target age group for this movie, i didn't even notice, nor would it have mattered if i did. the people who made it may have used "new generation" to note that this is another way the care bear family could have began. perhaps we are meant to decide for ourselves how the care bear family truly began.this was my favorite movie at age 3-6, and it did not scare me or confuse me at all.

and my children love it now! granted, i can watch it now and realize the animation wasn't that great, and that the plot is trite. hey, if every villian introduced themselves by saying "i ammmmm daaaarrrkk heeeeaaarrt" i think they might be laughed at, but for young children it is a moral story with catchy music.music so catchy, mind you, that i still had the words memorized after not seeing this film in twenty years. i would definitely suggest this one for younger children.

yakitate! ja-pan (translated as fresh baked! japanese bread) is the story of a young man named azuma kazuma and his journey to make the perfect japanese bread or ja-pan, for japan, and for the japanese, that will be recognized the the whole world.of course, that's just on the outside. in reality, yakitate! ja-pan isn't really about the bread, but the reaction that come after eating the bread, and the pun that comes with the reaction. the series is lovable because of these puns. from popular anime titles like naruto, detective conan, and dragon ball to blockbuster movies like the matrix and lord of the rings. it's all there.so what makes this title different from other titles of the same genre like cooking master boy or mr. ajikko? well, unlike the others who use cooking for world domination, yakitate! ja-pan is purely comedy. sure, there are times that the story turns to drama, or even murder, but the comedic atmosphere makes you laugh at them. you'll be laughing at their own view of heaven. just watch it.just remember that this is also fiction, although some of the bread made here are based on real bread, eating the home made japan #2 won't turn you to a super saiyan or turn your body to rubber.

yaitate!! japan is a really fun show and i really like it! it was shown in our country just recently in hero tv and abs-cbn every 5:30. it is about azuma kazuma who is trying to fulfill his dream to make japanese bread that will represent his country. he is working in the southern toyo branch of pantasia and he is also helping his friend (tsukino azusagawa) along with other bakers (like kawachi kyousuke and kanmuri shigeru) to beat st. pierre and take control of pantasia. they fight other skillful bakers from many other countries and not only learn to make different kinds of bread but also learn to cook other food. it is a really funny and unique anime because they also mimic characters from other anime(like naruto, detective conan and one piece)and famous people from real life. it is one of the best works of takashi haschiguchi and is really a must-see for people of different ages.

i grew up on this movie and i can remember when my brother and i used to play in the backyard and pretend we were in care-a-lot. now, after so many years have passed, i get to watch the movie with my daughter and watch her enjoy it. if you are parent and you have not watched this movie with your children, then you should, just so you hold them in your arms and watch them get thrilled over the care bears and care-a-lot! the songs, especially "forever young" are very sweet and memorable. parents, i highly recommend this movie for all kids so they can learn how enjoyable caring for others can be! when it comes down to all the trash that is on tv, you can raise your children to have the right frame of mind about life with movies like these.

for those of you who think anime is just about giant reptiles raping schoolgirls, think again. there is a totally different side to the japanese animation. yakitate! japan is one of those shows. it is a sweet-natured tale of a young boy with the gift to make delicious bread. his universe is all about creating a japanese bread that can match with the famous european breads. the show is as wacky as they come and i'm sure that non-japanese viewers will miss a lot of the jokes. but it is still very nice to watch because of the complete innocent vibe of the show. in the world of yakitate! it is not uncommon for people to look like they've just had an orgasm after eating bread. the bread is hallucinating and can give the consumer a wide array of super powers, from time-traveling to swimming like a fish. that weird aspect makes it into one of the least predictable and funny shows i've watched in a while.

when i first started watching this anime i never thought that something about making bread could actually be interesting, but thankfully i was mistaken. from the moment i started watching it, anime just pulled into the world of bread making, i was hooked.the biggest advantage of this anime is it's humor, which is very intelligent and very funny, with some recurring gags. but the animation, soundtrack and character development are below average, while these disadvantages aren't seen so much in the first episodes, because of the great job on this anime, it really starts to show in the last 20 episodes, when the reactions and recurring gags just grow old, and aren't as funny as before.as far as i'm concerned, if this anime had ended with episode 52 i would have given it a 9, but the last episodes just leave a bitter aftertaste, which sadly can't be washed away by the awesome 50 episodes.7/10

the premise of this anime series is about bread, of all things to base a plot on! i truly laughed. the main character has a special bread making power that he was born with, and he goes off to bread baking school. i wish it were available on dvd, and it doesn't matter if it's subtitled or dubbed - it's that good. even the theme song alone is funny. at one point in the theme song, there's an african-japanese man with an afro on horseback, wielding a french baguette as if it were a samurai sword. these images will not make sense unless you see the anime. you'll laugh until your sides hurt. it is definitely the most unique anime i have seen thus far.

care bears movie 2: a new generation isn't at all a bad movie. in fact, i like it very much. yes i admit the dialogue is corny and the story is a bit poorly told at times. but darkheart, while very very dark is a convincing enough shape shifting villain, and hadley kay did a superb job voicing him. speaking of the voice acting, it was great, nothing wrong with it whatsoever. the animation is colourful, and some of the visuals particularly at the beginning were breathtaking. the songs and score are lovely, especially growing up and forever young, the latter has always been my personal favourite of the two. the care bears, who i do like, are adorable, and the human children are well done too. and the ending is a real tearjerker. all in all, harmless kiddie fun. 8/10 bethany cox

this movie does contradict the first one as far as the origins of the care bears and the care bear cousins goes. i won't deny that. however, if you look at "part ii" as a separate film, then it's a very good movie. i remember watching this in the early 80's (and fitting into its targeted demographic audience then), and absolutely loving it much more than the first movie (not that i didn't enjoy that one too, it's just that this one seemed to have a little something extra to it). sure it's darker than the first one too, but perhaps maybe that's why it's so good. and it's dark in deeper kind of subtle way too (that kids may not fully understand, but could still be a bit scared of because of the atmosphere it gives off, and adults watching will surely get quicker as i have now watching this film again now in my mid-twenties) where you basically have a young girl making a deal with an evil spirit/demon in exchange for something else. get the picture? but simply watching that as a child, sure as i said it may have been a little scary, but nothing traumatizing. in fact if anything it gave me another fantasy game i could play when i was that age. i can't tell you the number of times i used to pretend dark heart wanted to imprison me, have me help him capture the care bears, tried to make me turn over to his dark side, and other things like that etc. so this movie was also good for my imagination. and it's also got great emotional depth to it too. i used to watch it at least once a week.also hadley kay was the perfect choice for the voice of dark heart (i always thought so and i always will).now it's just too bad that they never made a soundtrack available. sometimes i just want to hear growing up without watching the movie, as good as it is."what good is love and caring if it can't save her?"

it all started with true heart bear & noble heart horse get the club to safety. noble heart horse meet dawn & john & took them to see true heart bear. later, the care meter went down more & true heart bear & noble heart horse check to see if it dark heart but they can't go unless the club at care for so they ask dawn & john to care for the club. after true heart bear & noble heart horse come back, they send dawn & john back to camp. than the club & cousin bears have grown up to get ready to fight dark heart. at the end, dark heart kidnap all the care bear & the kids (dawn & john) have to tell christy that dark heart is evil. than they work to together to save the care bears. later, true heart bear & noble heart horse found out it dark heart shadow & return to care land to find that their gone. the kids (dawn, john, & christy) come but they was not powerful to stop dark heart. true heart bear & noble heart horse come to help dawn, john, & christy to free the other care bears but christy got in the way & was hit by dark heart magic. than dark heart saw christy got hit & stop fighting the care bear in order to help her but he can't because dark heart (himself) don't have the power of caring to save christy. the care bears & the kids help dark heart save christy. now dark heart starting to care & became a real boy to fall in love with christy. dark heart is now a real boy & help out christy to work out in camp.this is a great move ever & the best care bears movie i ever seeing.i like all the care bears movies & i can't wait to see "care bears: big wish movie (2005)".who like this movie?

this is my favorite of the three care bears movies. once again i liked all the songs. the big problem however as most people have pointed out was that this story contradicts the original. for those that saw the first movie recall the bears met their "cousins" who they apparently never knew about. it wasn't of course until the end that the cousins received their tummy symbols after proving how much they cared. in this story however the cousins grow up with the care bears and have tummy symbols all along. that being said this isn't a bad movie as long you keep it separate from the first. i thought the darkheart character much more evil then the nicholas of the first. but at the same time i felt it added a sort of balance to the sweetness of the care bears. i also liked the we care part at the end, although i know other people had mixed feelings about that scene. and of course i loved the songs. my favorites being growing up and forever young. the care bears movies have always had such good songs. ten stars for a very good movie.

as a child i preferred the first care bear movie since this one seemed so dark. i always sat down and watched the first one. as i got older i learned to prefer this one. what i do think is that this film is too dark for infants, but as you get older you learn to treasure it since you understand it more, it doesn't seem as dark as it was back when you were a child.this movie, in my opinion, is better than the first one, everything is so much deeper. it may contradict the first movie but you must ignore the first movie to watch this one. the cubs are just too adorable, i rewind that 'flying my colors' scene. i tend to annoy everyone by singing it.the sound track is great! a big hand to carol and dean parks. i love every song in this movie, i have downloaded them all and is all i am listening to, i'm listening to 'our beginning' also known as 'recalling' at the moment. i have always preferred this sound track to the first one, although i just totally love carol kings song in the first movie 'care-a-lot'.i think the animation is great, the animation in both movies are fantastic. i was surprised when i sat down and watched it about 10 years later and saw that the animation for the time was excellent. it was really surprising.there is not a lot of back up from other people to say that this movie is great, but it is. i do not think it is weird/strange. i think it is a wonderful movie.basically, this movie is about how the care bears came about and to defeat the demon, dark heart. the end is surprising and again, beats any 'pokemon movie' with the care bears moral issues. it leaves an effect on you. again this movie can teach everyone at all ages about morality.

i was worried that my daughter might get the wrong idea. i think the "dark-heart" character is a little on the rough side and i don't like the way he shape-shifts into a "mean" frog, fox, boy… i was wrong, this movie was made for my kid, not for me. she "gets it" when it went over (under?) my head. of course i don't "get it". this isn't one of the new kids movies that adults will also enjoy. this is straight for the young ones, and the crew knew what they were doing. there isn't any political junk ether. there's no magic key that will save the world from ourselves, nobody has the right to access excess, and everyone isn't happy all the time. and as a side benefit, nobody dies! –russwill.

this cartoon was strange, but the story actually had a little more depth and emotion to it than other cartoon movies. we have a girl at a camp with low self esteem and hardly any other friends, except a brother and sister who are just a miserable as she is. she reaches the ultimate low point and when the opportunity arises she literally makes a pact with a devil-like demon. i found this film to be very true to life and just when things couldn't be worse, the girl sees what she's done, she feels remorse and then changes and then she helps this dark, mystical creature learn the human quality of love. the twins improve too, by helping the little bears and then they get a sense of self worth too. a very positive message for children, though some elements of the film was strange, it was and still is a rather enjoyable film. the music from stephen bishop (tootsie songs) made the film even better

the second care bears movie is immensely better than its predecessor. it has a deeper plot, better character development, and the tunes (especially the closing song) are both catchy and warm-hearted. sure the movie tends to over stress caring but come on, it is a care bears movie. this movie is a great picture to show to kids because it emphasizes friendship, love, and again, caring. not to mention the care bears are just too adorable!

origins of the care bears & their cousins. if you saw the original film you'll notice a discrepancy. the cousins are raised with the care bears, rather than meeting them later. however i have no problems with that, preferring to treat the films as separate interpretations. the babies are adorable and it's fun watching them play and grow. my favourite is swift heart rabbit. the villain is a delightfully menacing shapeshifter. i could empathise with the three children since i was never good at sports either. cree summer is excellent as christy. the songs are sweet and memorable. if you have an open heart, love the toys or enjoyed the original, this is not to be missed. 9/10

for the longest time, i liked this movie better than the original care bears movie. well last summer, i watched them both together and decided i was wrong. the first one is a better care bears movie (as you may have guessed if you read my review for it). this one isn't a bad movie, it's just... very strange.well first of all, as a few people have mentioned, it completely disavows any knowledge of the first movie. i can't think of another sequel that contradicts the original so blatantly (especially with the genders of some characters and how they all met). when i was little and watching this, i was quite a bit confused and distraught. i felt the same way watching it as an adult!on to the reasons why the movie is actually pretty good (if you disassociate it from the first movie). i can't think of another movie for little kids with a demon as it's villan! now i am not for a minute suggesting that evil demons who want to steal the souls of campers and care bears are good, i just find it cool that there's a supremely evil being in a movie for little kids! it's like that bizzare "santa clause vs. satan" movie from mexico you hear about sometimes. anyhow, the demon's name is darkheart and he wants this chick to help him get the care bears in return for him giving her special powers. very dark for a kiddy flick eh? and did i mention that darkheart appears to the girl most often as a whiney voiced 10 year old boy??? freaky! meanwhile some other kids are in care-a-lot looking after baby care bears! oh, man! demons and baby care bears in the same movie!!!!!needless to say, everything gets cleared up in the end (but not before we get to see darkheart trap the care bears' souls in this scary chandelere thing in one [surprisingly] deeply disturbing scene). but i am left with the question of wether this movie has found the cult audience it so richly deserves. i might just watch it again myself.

'the second beginning' as it's title explains, shows us the beginning of the end for the human race. set long before the matrix existed, this short anime written by the wachowski's shows us the world that could lay infront of us in the not to distant future, set at the turn of the 21st century, the second renaissance delves into issues common with human behaviour; greed, power, control, vanity etc.the use of robots or artificial intellegence as slaves or servents is common among science fiction/fantasy stories. the second renaissance is no exeption to this concept, however instead of a simple man vs. machine layout, this story explains the struggle that the machines put up with, the struggle for acceptance in a world ruled by humans. where the matrix films show us the human perspective, these short animations tell both sides of the story.the second renaissance part 1 + 2, answer many questions brought up by the original matrix film, such as how the war broke out, how the sky was blackend, what led to the use of humans as batteries and it also introduces us to the machine city called 01, which may have relevance to the upcoming matrix revolutions film.i won't give away too much of the story, as i do not want to ruin the experience for perspective viewers, however, i will recommend it to anybody interested in the world of the matrix or simply anybody interested in japanese animation (anime).9/10.

for those that were interested in knowing how exactly humanity came to be encased in big red pods that make me crave pomegranate, there is the duo of the "second renaissance" shorts. i'm not exactly sure why they are split into two parts, especially since they're credited as one on the dvd (and are these shorts viewed on any other format but the dvd?), but they're informative even if they have a few gaps.what really makes this first part stand out, from the second part and the rest of the animations as well, is the parallels it shows between robot uprising and civil rights. graphic homages to slavery, fascism, concentration camps, and mass graves are mixed with verbal references to the million man march and humanity's god-complex. in fact, "god" is never really referenced by these shorts, instead replaced by "man's own image".as far as the shorts go in the collection, "the second renaissance: part i" is by far the most effective in bringing out emotion. it's a sorrowful and disturbing view of the potential of humanity to become "the architect of its own destruction." some may be turned off by some of the concepts this short rips directly out of previously established science fiction literature, but then again, that's basically what most of the matrix series has done, and it's been a driving force behind its success.--polarisdib

along with it's partner, this is the greatest piece of animation ever created. the images and styles are amazing, and match perfectly with the story which is a brilliantly realistic reinterpretation of our own world, where is has been, and where it could go. quite affecting and sometimes painful to watch, it it a masterpiece of the visual art.

this is part one of a short animation clip showing the history of the matrix, the war between man and machine that resulted in the eventual creation of the matrix. the animation is part japanese anime, part contemporary american animation, and is very well made, considering the excellent directors behind the movie. it shows the initial development of ai and the exploitation of the machines by man, until the day they rebelled...

this is the second part of 'the animatrix', a collection of animated short movies that tell us a little more about the world of 'the matrix'.in this one we learn how men and machines could not work and live together. it is a little history lesson in the world of 'the matrix'. not as good as the first part ('the final flight of the osiris') but still pretty entertaining.

the first time you see the second renaissance it may look boring. look at it at least twice and definitely watch part 2. it will change your view of the matrix. are the human people the ones who started the war ? is ai a bad thing ?

what was always missing with the matrix story was how things came to be in the real world. say no more, because this part of the story covered most of the bases. what was truly interesting was how political it was, maybe even a cheap shot at the current presidential administration. fascism and violence were the only things man could think of in regards to fighting the robotic horde, who were meant as nothing more than servants to humanity. what i also found interesting was the use of fear and how it was perpetuated by the idea of the unknown. we as humans tend to fall into that trap quite often, letting the lack of logic and thought overtake us because people can't believe the contrary. well represented and put together, this a true testament to how illogical humans can be.

this is the first of a two part back-story to the conflict between the machines and mankind in the matrix world and it delivers spectacularly by combining observations on man's fear of the unknown and of being usurped with politics, extensive religious and historical imagery, subverting expected portrayals of parties involved and an at least partially believable and thus terrifying vision of our near future. it isn't perfect and some plot points and images are at once obvious and contrived but it has the desired effect and impact and tells a visceral and cautionary tale.this first part sets the scene - human societies have developed advanced and capable robots, mostly humanoid, to serve people doing menial, unskilled jobs, labour, construction etc. and thus the populace has become lazy and derogatory towards them. one robot, however, rebels and kills his owner, stating at his subsequent trial that he simply did not want to die. he is destroyed but when the robot masses' destruction is ordered to protect humanity many robots rise up in protest, with many human sympathisers alongside them.the imagery here is exploitative, recounting race riots and abuse, tiananmen square, the holocaust and an overly provocative scene of a robot in a human girl's guise getting harried, hammered in the head and then shot dead as it pleads 'i'm real'. it lays on the ground, clothes and skin torn and breasts hanging out. it's an obvious and obscene image designed to present human fear towards uncontrolled elements and aggression towards groups based on the actions of individuals.anyway, this first portion is much like a compressed version of the film i robot, but it soon develops into a recognisable matrix back-story as the surviving robot contingent is exiled and congregates in the middle east, in the cradle of civilisation as the narrator informs us. there, the machines regroup and begin to produce new ai and to manufacture mass technology and trade it with human nations. we see a commercial for a car that uses the circular energy hover engines that the ships the rebels in the movies use and we see sentinel type robots flying around zero one, the name of their city. their goods and trade make their economy soar affecting other economies detrimentally and human governments and authorities establish a blockade in response. the machines send ambassadors in the form of adam and eve resemblances to a un congress to negotiate a peaceful resolution to the blockade, but they are forcibly removed and the scene is set for war in the second part.the animation is by studio 4°c who work on quite a few of the animatrix and it's evocative and visually stimulating, rendering different scenes like imagery montages, cctv footage and particular scenes of import distinctive and overall presenting the story perfectly. the plot may not be an original concept and it may draw on simplistic sheep mentalities and plot models and resort to provocative material for impact but after the tantalising mystery offered by the first film and morpheus' vague brief info-dumps this is a nice exposition of the cataclysmic events that left the world ravaged and in the hands of the machines that serves as a warning and as a vehicle for many observations and comments on the human condition, the development of ai and the importance of harmony and co-operation and the devastating consequences of conflict and prejudice, themes expanded on in the movies.

this is the second animatrix short, and the first of them to be what one could call 'artistic'. it contains a lot of references, metaphors and symbols in the dense amount of material, especially with a running time of 9 minutes. i've heard some complaints that this is "anti-human", or tries to direct hate towards man, for their "sins against machine". i don't think that's true; it merely uses the robots to show us, that as humans, we aren't particularly accepting or open-minded towards anyone different from ourselves. i'd say it does a great job of that. the plot is good... it plays as a historical document, recounting what led to one of the main conflicts in the trilogy. thus it holds clips from fictional news reports and the like. the voice acting is very good, if there is not a lot of it. the animation is nice, and the use of color, in spite of the usually realistic drawing style, makes it more open to do the smooth transitions and other surreal imagery. this has several bits of strong violence and disturbing visuals, as well as a little nudity. the disc holds a commentary, not in english but subtitled, and worth a listen/read. there is also a well-done and informative making of, based on both parts, so i would advise watching it after seeing the next one, as well. i recommend this to anyone who enjoys the matrix universe, and/or science fiction in general. 8/10

2003 was seen as the year of the matrix, with the release of two sequels and a computer game that actually linked to the plot of the film. also released was a dvd of 9 short animated films, most written and made in japan and made as anime. japan makes some of the best animation in the world. sadly most of these shorts are disappointing. the best of them is the first part of a prequel to the first matrix film.the second renaissance is made as a historical file. it tells how humans made machines in their own likeness. humans live the high life whilst machines are the grunts, the workers of society, second class citizens. in the year 2090, a machine, bi-66er was put of trial for murder, after killing his owners who wanted to deactivate him. the machine does not have a fair trial and riots start around the world. the governments of the world order to dismantle machines. many machines leave human society and form their own country in the middle east, o1. 01 has a productive economy and easily undercut the human nations, forcing them into economic crisis. the human blockade 01 and reject the machines requests for peace, thereby it was the humans who were responsible for the war that enslaves them.the second renaissance is a interesting watch, with excellent, traditional animation style and sets a compelling world. it shows how the machines were mistreated and that humanity sowed the seeds of their own destruction. there is a political and social world and the short tells a lot in it short running time. the short shares themes and a style to the classic silent film metropolis, partly the beginning with the underworld. they are the themes of slavery, the mistreatment of the working class and racism. the short also has some religious themes and religious iconography. mainly that men saw themselves as god and created the machines in their own likeness. seeing themselves as the rightful masters of the machines. the machines too use religious iconography, mainly forming their nation in 'cradle of human civilisation' and the machines coming to the united nations dressed as adam and eve, offering an apple.the animation style is beautiful, done in the traditional anime style (like akira). the set designs are great, combine futuristic with historic cities, e.g. washington d.c.. there is well down future scene, and surprising violence, which is key to the film. the director, mahiro maeda, also directed the anime sequence in kill bill vol. 1, so has good credentials to hollywood. he is willing to use violence and know how to keep a story going.the only real complain is a continuity error to the first matrix film because morpheus mentions that the humans have no historical records or know who started the war. but its a good watch.

**warning! spoilers ahead!**this short is part one of two that expound upon the brief portion of "the matrix" in which morpheus explains how the matrix came to be. because we already know the story, the plot itself is no surprise; and the short isn't so much entertaining as informative. but that's how it is presented, as a file in the historical archives. the visuals are better than average, and the generally cold colors aid the purpose of the short.a couple problems. the violence of the tale is a little gratuitous and, combined with the occasional dose of political correctness (un scenes), detracts from the straight narrative of the short. plus it needs to be seen with part two to be complete.the animatrix concept is brilliant, and despite a few issues, this short still fulfills its purpose. it would not have fit in the original movie in style, content, or flow. this is the perfect method to reveal the history.bottom line: good information. could have been told a little better, but still a solid 7 of 10.

this anime was underrated and still is. hardly the dorky kids movie as noted, i still come back to this 10 years after i first saw it. one of the better movies released.the animation while not perfect is good, camera tricks give it a 3d feel and the story is still as good today even after i grew up and saw ground-breakers like neon genesis evangelion and rahxephon. it has nowhere near the depth obviously but try to see it from a lighthearted view. it's a story to entertain, not to question.still one of my favourites i come back too when i feel like a giggle on over more lighthearted animes. not to say its a childish movies, there are surprisingly sad moments in this and you need a sense of humour to see it all.

i felt compelled to write a review for space cobra as it has received a good score of 7.3 stars but only a few of the reviews at the time of me writing this were particularly positive. a strange situation and hopefully my positive review will point people towards this old and mostly forgotten anime movie. space cobra is the funky tale of a smuggler and rogue who becomes involved with the three sisters of an ancient and dead planet and an evil force who wants to harness the planets powers. this is an old movie and the animation shows, but what it lacks in modern sophistication it makes up with an abundance of charm. space cobra is very much geared to a western audience and very easy to watch. there are few if any references to specific japanese culture and great for anime novices to watch and enjoy. space cobra himself is witty and likable. i cannot say how much of this is due to the english dub or the intentions of the maker, but this is one of the few japanese comedy characters that i find truly funny. the style is very sixties barbarellish with a fantastic soundtrack by yello. the style is colourful and imaginative and there is constant action to move the story along. the strangest aspect of this movie is how it begins as a comedy and ends on a very downbeat dramatic note. i cannot think of another anime or general movie that has been able to do this so seamlessly and convincingly. you barely realise that it is happening, but it is done so subtly and seems perfectly natural. you also really feel the characters went on a journey and they're lives were changed by the whole experience. check out if you can.

catscratch is the best thing to come out of nickeloden, including wayne knight. this show doesn't just appeal to maoris and pi's. some people love it, and they're all aussies. at first glimpse i admit it seems a little crude, but it grows enormously on you. also, to correct something that one of the other critics has said in_correct (tv.com) doesn't say "does that mean you're homo now?" he says "does that mean you're homo, owww?" this is his phrase in the show. mr. blik is, i think,the funniest of all like peww-weww's playhousefirstly, i'll admit that the early episode were a bit good. but after a while the episodes became great! and just when the series had found it's surreal, whacky ...nickelodeon cancels it!i know nick is meant for kids, but every once in a while a brilliant show appears that can be enjoyed by teenagers and adults. these shows include mr. bean the animated series, charlie brown, pelswick, rocko's modern life (at times), and invader zim. all of these must have been considered too good, with the exception of catdog, 'cause nick felt the need to cancel them.what i like the famous final episode, where gordon fight a duck.i'd also like to see a dvd, with plenty of audio-commentaries and behind-the-scenes docos, and including the final episode.but of course, what i'd definitely like to see is the show come back on the air. wake up nick!i wish there was a list somewhere on the internet with all the gag closing-credits. that would be great.

i love this show! mr. blick, gordon, and waffle are cats so different from each other, yet they refer to themselves collectively as 'brothers.' i often find myself trying to imitate the tired, sighing accent of their butler, hovis, or even the scottish borough of gordon. there should be more episodes made about human kimberly. the episode about the cats disguising themselves as pre-teen girls to gain admittance to human kimberly's slumber party in order to get their thirsty paws on their favorite drink, rootbeer, is a hilarious classic. we can't drink rootbeer in our house now without either doing the catscratch voices or the hanson brothers from the movie 'slap shot.' future classic. where can i get the first two seasons on dvd??

ok, here is my personal list of top nicktoons shows as in today:1. all grown up/spongebob squarepants2. my life as a teenage robot3. invader zim4. catscratch/rugratsnotice a word with only capital letters? that means this is the nick show i'm going to talk about."catscratch" is basically a simple but great animated comedy about three wealthy cats - mr. blik, gordon, and waffles - who get into weird and really surreal situations, from attempting to join human kimberely's slumber party for root beer to saving a planet of slugs from the evil spaceship. this is one nick show that you will simply have your funny bone tickled sooner or later! the theme song is catchy and memorable. voice actors - including wayne knight from the "seinfield" franchise - brings the characters to fresh life with very quirky personalities. the stories are enjoyable (fans' episodes would be "king of all root beer" and "gordon's lucky claw"). and the humor is all done in some style of earthworm jim. so in conclusion, "catscratch" is one of the nicktoons series, like "invader zim" and "mlaatr", which becomes very, very popular all over the world in just 3 seasons or less.

not since spongebob squarepants have i seen a greater cartoon on tv. the colors are great, the voices could't be better, the characters are so original, great great cartoon. hope nickolodean continues to develop this cartoon. hope the season dvd comes out soon!!! i love cartoons like this and i hope more people tune in to se this great cartoon. it is very hard to find the season dvd, so if somebody finds a store that is selling it please let me know. the only catscratch merchandise available on nick shop is a great lookin shirt, but very very very expensive!!! if you love spongebob; and who doesn''t?; you'll love catscratch too!

harman and isings 'old mill pond' is a true masterpiece of the art of animation. the consummate skill and artistry that characterise this duos work is nowhere more in evidence than in this cartoon. it is a shame that so many people can see only offence in what is, and was always intended to be, a light hearted piece of entertainment that in no way sought to denigrate black people. if anything it is a tribute to the infectious humour and musicality of the black race. i have not been able to view this confection for many years as the 'race commissars' in england have deemed it too offensive to be shown in multi racial britain. if anyone knows where i can obtain a copy i would dearly love to view this masterpiece again. i think those who routinely look for messages and intent that were never intended in these cartoons, which are, after all, sixty years old, should try to lighten up and remember that the world is a very different place today, but that does not mean that anyone has the right to censor what is viewable from the past.

i just saw this cartoon for the first time and recognized the caricatures of famous black entertainers... cab calloway, bessie smith, (not josephine baker or sophie tucker, who was white), thomas "fats" waller, bill "bojangles" robinson, stepin fetchit (notwithstanding) louis armstrong and the chorus girls are out of the famed "cotton club" in harlem. true... stereotypes are there, but this was the way it was... and these cartoons were meant as adult entertainment at your local cinema before the main feature. harmann & ising cartoons tended to be more "cutesy" and more upscale, (after all... we are talking about m-g-m) than the standard animated short done over at warners, paramount, universal, fox, rko or lowly columbia. even disney's very early mickey mouse had loads of barnyard humor before uncle walt cleaned him up just before he went "technicolor".disney had some cartoons with caricatures of black entertainers as well... for example, 1937's silly symphony "woodland cafe". but we have to remember that these films are part of a certain time and place. 50 years from now... clips of the simpsons, family guy, and south park will be also scrutinized, analyzed... and even vilified by future viewers.

this is te cartoon that should have won instead of country cousin. visually well-done and much more entertaining and memorable. worth watching just for the music alone! although there are elements that undoubtably will bruise the sensibilities of some these days, the cartoon has to be given a bit of perspective. it's over sixty years old and it is, after all, just a cartoon. i'm disabled and if i were as hyper-sensitive as the folks who look at things like this cartoon and take umbrage, i would have long since curled up in a fetal position and faded away. sometimes you need to lighten up, put your head back and float! caricatures of celebrities in cartoons were common in the 1930s and 1940s and were almost never terribly flattering. bing crosby reportedly hated it when he was used on more than one occasion. *sigh*

the old mill pond is more of a tribute to the african-american entertainers of the '30s than any denigration of the entire race (stepin fetchit caricature notwithstanding). besides who i just mentioned, there's also frog or fish versions of cab calloway, fats waller, joesphine baker, bill "bojangles" robinson, and louis armstrong. this happy harmonies cartoon from hugh harmon and rudolf ising is very entertaining musically with perfect characterizations all around. they all sound so much like the real thing that half of me thinks they could possibly be. if not, they're certainly very flattering impersonations. even the lazy, shiftless fetchit characterization gets an exciting workout here when he gets chased by a tiger as "hold that tiger" plays on the score. highly recommended for fans of '30s animation and jazz music.

the first "side-story" in the universal century gundam universe presents a refreshing new look at the war between earth and the space colonies. the focus is no longer on a small group of individuals who would go on to play pivotal roles in the conflict, but on the everyday civilian population and how the war is seen through their eyes.the story does contain some gundam staples, its premise being the attempts by a zeon squad to capture an experimental gundam, but it the execution of the plot that made this show so interesting to watch. this series focuses on the experiences of a young boy named alfred and the relationship between his neighbor, christina mckenzie who is secretly a federation pilot and a newbie zeon pilot named bernie wiseman. alfred develops a sort of "brotherly love" for bernie while our young zeon pilot also falls for christina."war in the pocket" proves that you do not need a sweeping epic tale about special individuals to make for a good war story. there are no uber ace pilots or large scale fleet battles to be seen here. this short 6 episode ova focuses a lot more on character emotional drama over other themes like politics or philosophy and i love how realistically portrayed the characters are. alfred is your typical everyday kid who plays violent computer games and thinks the armed forces is cool. he is then given a crash course in the horrible realities of war. the unlikely friendship and bonding between bernie and christina, each not knowing the fact that they are soldiers on different sides of the war, is played very real without going overboard with the romance drama stuff. same goes for the endearing relationship between alfred and bernie. that being said, i would not want to spoil much of the story here, but it makes it a whole lot more heart wrenching to watch the tragedies that unfold as the show moves along all the way to its emotionally devastating twist ending. despite its lack of action, this show never falls into the category of "boring". the characters are just that engaging enough to carry the whole show. not to worry as there are a number of mobile suit action scenes scattered here and there. each are beautifully animated on a level that surpasses that of an ova and are sure to satisfy the craving for some "mandatory" mobile suit battles in a gundam series.normally watching anime in japanese or english, i would leave up to personal preference. but in this case, i strongly recommend the english voice track over the japanese one. not only do the characters, whom all except alfred are caucasian, sound more believable in english but the performances of the english voice cast are on par and even surpass the japanese one, instilling each character with such realistic emotions and intonations that they sound just the acting in some live action tv dramas.in short, this show does not try to impress the audience. what it does is conveys numerous heartwarming themes that hit closest to home especially the death of innocence on the battlefield and the horrors of war through the eyes of a child. a truly moving little story that deserves more credit than it is being given.

i'm 14 years old and i love this cartoon. burt reynolds and dom deluise make a great pair. this movie is really funny and i love the songs. my favorite songs are "you can't keep a good dog down" and that song about sharing, i think it's called "what's mine is yours". this was the last movie with judith barsi, who played the voice of anne-marie. my favorite character is charlie but i find itchy's voice is so fun to hear. although some scenes i actually found scary, i still have a hard time watching the scene with charlie's dream, and carface scares the crap out of me. other characters like king gator i found really funny. the ending was adorable and was actually sad, made me cry a little. i give this movie 7/10.

when gundam0079 became the movie trilogy most of us are familiar with, a lot of it was sheer action and less of anything else. this ova is kinda the opposite. though there're only half a dozen episodes, it isn't filled with action, but emotional things. the two main action sequences in this, i believe, are enough to satisfy me. after seeing so many gundam series, movies, and ovas, i was completely ready for a civilian-esquire movie. this movie did a fantastic job of that. what makes this movie stand out is that shows both sides of the war have good and bad people. it made the zeons seem more human rather than the original movies where they're depicted as the second rise of evil nazis. most people that don't like anime that i've forced to watch this movie (lol), liked it. so, i'd recommend it to a lot of people just for the anti-war story. if you're a gundam fan, and haven't seen this, you shouldn't be reading this; you should already be watching it right now.

all dogs go to heaven is on a par with watership down for scary kiddies films. both were dark and pretty sinister, but at the same time the most mesmerising experience a child can have. this was one of my favourite films as a kid. i was in love with charlie and at the tender age of about five or six, i'll admit... i had a crush on a cartoon dog. all dogs tells the dark story of lovable cad charlie and his partner in crime itchy. the story starts with charlie escaping from death row and swaggering off to the nearest club to do some gambling. of course, as a child, i didn't understand the concept of this film. i loved the songs and the animation but as i've got older i do begin to wonder why i wasn't disturbed by this film as a youngster. it deals with pretty adult themes --- gambling, murder, hell and prison but in a world of goody-goody disney films, it's something every child should watch once. yes, there's some sort of crazy transvestite crocodile scene and the hell scenes scare me more now that when i was little, but it delivers such a poignant message that should not be ignored by parents!

i saw this film when it was originally released in 1989. i enjoyed it then, and i still do now. but what i realize now is that this is quite "adult" for a film with a g rating, especially the notion of dying and going to heaven. burt reynolds and dom deluise work wonderfully together, and reynolds' singing voice is appropriate for a junkyard dog. there are some good songs ranging from upbeat ("let's make music together") to downright emotional ("home to my heart"). i found the plot good, although it does go off on a tangent once or twice. the final scene of the film with charlie and anne-marie is one of the saddest i've ever seen in animation. a film worth experiencing.

okay, i saw this movie as a child and really loved it. my parents never purchased the movie for me, but i think i'll go about and buy it now. i'm a sucker for pre-2000 animated films. anyway, onto the actual review.what i liked: there was an actual portrayal of heaven and hell, one of the few i've seen in animated films. character development existed! it's easy to classify characters in this movie (i.e.: charlie is the selfish mutt, itchy is cynical but believes charlie, carface is obviously the relentless villain, etc.). i also loved king gator's song. i've always loved loud, annoying, flamboyant guys. this song may have been random, but it was so fun. finally, the detail of the animation was beautiful. you could tell charlie was all gruff and stuff and the backgrounds were beautiful.what i did not like: the actual portrayal of heaven: the way charlie reacted to it, "no surprises whatsoever", made it actually seem very boring. he denied a place in heaven and still got to return to it in the end. i remember a few lines of certain songs such as "... you can't keep a good dog down", "... let's make music forever", and "... welcome to being dead" but i can't remember the majority of any of them. the songs weren't that catchy, to be honest. whippet angel: she's annoying and that neck! augh!what parents may not like: a few very scary (depending on the viewer) images of hell are shown during the movie. carface is quite threatening. beer is also implied, but not actually dubbed beer. gambling is a key element in the movie. the good guy dies.overall: i love this movie, even if it is a bit forgettable at times. the scarier children's animations are always my favorite ones. this was created back in a time when producers and writers weren't afraid to give kids a little scare now and then. nowadays, this probably would have been rated pg. kids under the age of 8 (or easily disturbed kids) should not watch this. other than that, i give it 9/10. :)happy viewing!

my dog recently passed away, and this was a movie i loved as a kid, so i had to see it to try to cheer up.(beware of dog, i mean spoilers.) this movie isn't just for kids and it's far from ordinary. it was set in new orleans in 1939. first and foremost, the dog was not portrayed as an extra family member in this film, but as an adult with his own complicated life to deal with.in the beginning, charlie is not too different from his dishonest and brutal business partner, carface. he is money driven, greedy, and just escaped death row, as he states in the start of the feature. the difference between charlie and carface is that charlie can learn and is willing to listen to others; anne marie and his sidekick, itchy. carface will not even listen to the fat, ugly dog with the big glasses who happens to be closest to him.carface attempts to murder the hero, because he wants 100% of the profits in their business and won't settle for only 50% - a highly unusual way for a german shepherd mix to die. also, being eaten by a prehistoric sized alligator who ends up sparing your life because you can sing is highly unlikely whether you are a dog or not. this is a cartoon, and that's why it is logical here.carface's method of revenge is through murder, while charlie believes success is the best revenge, financial success that is. after surviving death, he starts a business by taking carface's source of financing, a highly talented girl who possesses the ability to communicate with animals. they win a whole bunch of races, and charlie tells her he'll give the money to the poor - hint hint: charlie and itchy live in a junkyard, and are therefore poor. he uses the money toward his casino/bar/theatre, and not the other "poor." the reason why anne marie has the ability to talk to animals is that she has compassion, and she listens carefully. she teaches charlie ethics by pointing out his gambling, lying, and stealing. charlie tries to make up for it by buying her dresses. she added the ethics that his business needed, while charlie did management, and itchy provided construction.carface uses violence and property damage to tear down charlie's business, which is unprotected by the government. charlie loses everything and all he has left is this little girl. in the end he had to choose between her life and his own. he first grabs the watch out of self preservation, and sets it down when the girl started to sink. both the girl and the watch were sinking, and he had to choose which one, and he chose the girl.the great part about this movie that focuses on a person's ability to learn right from wrong over time, and a child's ability to cope with the natural occurrence of death of their pet, is that it never shows anyone dying! the watch symbolizes his life, and the watch is shown being submerged and stopped. all the deaths were suggestive, even for the villain. i didn't cry during this movie until now, and i have gotten so much more out of it, that i had to write it down and share it with you.

first things first, i was never once scared of this underrated gem as a kid ("little mermaid" on the other hand...). as my title says this was one of my fav childhood movies that i still love as a teenager. it's a beautiful, bittersweet movie about a misfit german shepherd called charlie (fantasticaly voiced by burt reynolds) who is killed by his boss/partner in crime (is name ha,ha is carface). charlie is sent straight to heaven by default because "all dogs go to heaven because unlike people, dogs are naturally good and loyal and kind". chalie gets sent back to earth 'cause he winded up his life clock where he gets into even more mischief with his best friend, itchy and a little orphan girl, anne-marie. i used to watch this all the time as a kid and i still sometimes watch it. anyways, it's a beautiful bittersweet film as i said before that might just leave a tear in your eye...

i just saw this film, i first saw it when i was 7 and could just about remember the end. so i watched it like, 10 minutes ago, and (i may seem like a baby as i am 12 ha-ha) i started to cry at the ending, i forgotten how sad it was. i think i was mainly sad for anne-marie because she said: 'i love you charlie' and also: 'i'll miss you charlie', just made me really cry ha-ha. it has to be one of me favourite movies of all time, it is just a film well worth watching. watch it ha-ha, thats all i can say xdbut, i love this film, its a true classic.xx maverick xx 10/10

i wish kids movies were still made this way; dark and deep. there was (get this) character development (and charlie is the epitome of the dynamic character), plot development, superb animation, emotional involvement, and a rational, relatable, and consistent theme. if not for the handful of song-and-dance routines, you would never have thought this was a kids movie, and this is why i give it such a high rating. this movie is an excellent film, let alone for a kids' movie. which brings me to my second point: this has got to be the darkest "kids'" movie i've seen in quite some time, this coming from a 22-year-old. i'd be shocked to see any child under the age of 8 not completely terrified throughout a great deal of the latter half and some of the first half of the movie, and it all ends with one of the saddest endings you could ever come across (ala "jurassic bark", for those of you who are 'futurama' fans), and this is what makes this movie so good. just because the movie universally evokes emotions we don't normally like to feel and assume are bad does not make the movie itself bad; in fact, it means it succeeded. good funny movies are supposed to make us laugh; good horror movies are supposed to make us scared; good sad movies are supposed to make us sad. my point is, good movies are supposed to move you, not simply entertain; this movie moved me.also, this movie is incredibly violent by today's standards for a kids' movie and contains subject matter that, by today's standards, may not be suitable for some children. parents, i'd say watch it first. i'm not usually one to say anything about this kind of thing, but i just saw this yesterday and it came as a surprise even to me.

this is one of the first films i can remember, or maybe the first one. exactly the beautiful kind of film than introduce a kid, sweetly, into the world of violence and addictions were we live. a little bit of babe, casino and constantine, all this well mixed into a carton, and we get this. i don't know if its truly rated for kids, but i think it was very cool, very funny and interesting. i hate when a film (spescially a carton)can have a good end and its ruining because every character must have a happy end, even if it sounds weird (im not a bitter person).but this was ok, he simply goes heaven and they let it in that way.all this is just a critic, its a good movie an something new. very touching and i gotta go

all dog's go to heaven is an animated kid's movie like no other. gambling, drinking, death, guns and hell are all prominent in the plot, and though kids will get very little of it, adults will be scratching their heads as to why this movie was made to feel like some sort of gangster movie. the actual movie isn't explicit in any way, it's just an odd combination to make a kid's movie on.charlie barkin (burt reynolds) is a player dog, who owns half a casino with his partner carface (vic tayback). after getting drunk (a dog....getting drunk...in a kid's movie. it just sounds weird.), charlie is tricked and murdered by carfax. when in heaven, he finds a way to come back to earth, but he will no longer be allowed in heaven. he still goes back to earth and meets up with his old friend itchy (dom deluise), and plans payback on carfax. meanwhile, carfax has a little orphan girl anne marie held captive because of her amazing ability to talk to all species of animals, which helps predict races. charlie and itchy free her, and try to help her find a family, while learning a lot about themselves.this movie is one of the few non-disney that will appeal to both kids and adults. kids will enjoy the funny characters and lively animation, while adults will enjoy the nice, sweet plot, and the more than normal developed characters. one thing that keeps this down, is that it's a musical. normally, that's a good thing, but the music here is honestly terrible. they tend to jump around, almost sounding ad libbed, with next to no instrumental backing. in fact, these are probably the worst songs i've ever heard in an animated movie, but luckily, the rest of the film is strong enough to not fall apart because of some bad notes.the ending of this movie works, but i honestly hate it. it's sad, but happy, but more sad than happy, and makes the movie feel like it needs a sequel. considering how bad the sequel made to this was, i wish the ending wouldn't have warranted a sequel and it would've wrapped up into a nice, super happy ending. this is one of the few movies i feel this way about, but i do.overall, this is a nice family film, with odd themes thrown in, but nonetheless, good entertainment.my rating: *** out of ****. 85 mins. g.

all dogs go to heaven is the most cutest animated film to have dogs in 1989. the previous don bluth film the land before time(1988) became a success. dogs are so cute as little mice. aw, i just want to hug them when they're cute. where was i? oh, yes. its animation is beautiful, the characters are great when they're perfectly voiced and the songs are cute and touching. it opened in november 17 1989 the same date as the little mermaid produced by walt disney feature animation.the part where charlie got killed by carface was so unforgivable. carface is so mean because he wanted to kill charlie. shame on him! the love survive song performed by irene cara and freddie jackson was so beautiful. all dogs go to heaven is the best animated movie ever.

uc 0079, the one year war is almost at an end. a neutral colony of side 6 has been targeted by cyclops, a zeon task force. their target, a new gundam being built exclusively for newtypes (supposedly built for amuro ray from the original gundam saga) inside. when little boy al izuruha, a fan of zeon ms, encounters a zaku after battle breaks out in the colony, he befriends newbie ms pilot benard "bernie" wiseman. the two become good friends, al is treated as an honorary member of the cyclops team. through the show, bernie acts as a father figure to al (whose real father is always working) and seems to be taken with federation pilot christina mckenzie, but eventually they must meet....in battle. al soon learns that war is not child's play and bernie must choose to make the ultimate sacrifice to complete his mission.for only 6 episodes, gundam 0080 is a well done show. the mobile suits are extremely well designed, and the animation may look dated but really shows emotion in the characters. if you liked 0083 then check this one out, or if you are new to the gundam world, this is a good show to start with. if you look to a show for drama and character development, this is the one for you, it focuses more on that then mobile suit battle. i would rate it more of a drama than action.mobile suit gundam 0080, war in the pocket. sometimes you have to lose to win.

i can understand why some people like this movie, and why some people don't. for me, though, i really like it, even if i noticed some good bits, and not so impressive bits. the animation was actually excellent, like charlie's dream. the characters were a mixed bag, the best being anne-marie, voiced by the late judith barsi.(i was physically ill when i read what happened to her) also, carface is a very convincing villain,especially voiced by the wonderful vic tayback(i particularly loved "morons i'm surrounded by morons") and along with rasputin and warren t.rat is probably the most memorable of all the don bluth villains. charlie and itchy only just lacked the same sparkle, but i loved king gator and his song. some of the film is very haunting, like annabelle's "you can never come come back", which kind of scares me still. unfortunately, there were some bits i didn't like so much. the story had a tendency to become clumsy and unfocused, but disney's black cauldron suffered from the same problem. also there were some dark scenes, that young children would find upsetting, but the ending is very poignant. however the biggest flaw was the rather bland songs and the way they were sung. none of them in particular stick out, with exception of "let's make music together" and "love survives", and burt reynolds can't sing and dom deluise has done much better singing. all in all, a watchable movie, that could have been more, but is definitely memorable, and i would definitely watch it again. 7/10. bethany cox

i love all dogs go to heaven even though i'm a guy. this and the land before time are the best animated films that don bluth has made! in the movie gharlie barkin (burt reynolds) is helped by his friend itchy (dom deluise) freedom out of the pound in new orleans 1939. charlie who's in casino business wants to share equal with his partner carface (vic tayback). carface who is unwilling to share the equal with charlie pushes a car on a bridge onto charlie killing him! charlie enters heaven and meets annabelle (melba moore) who shows charlie that his time is up by showing him a watch that has stopped and she explains that all dogs go to heaven because all dogs are naturally good! charlie hides the stop watch behind his back and switches it back and he returns to earth alive with annabelle screaming you can never come back! charlie reunites with itchy and they go and explore soon to find out that carface has not only attempted to murder charlie he has also kidnapped a little orphan girl named ann marie (judith barsi). when carface leaves charlie and itchy help ann marie escape. the next day charlie itchy and ann marie go to look for money! ann marie sees a couple who she thinks would make great parents for her! while ann marie talks to the couple charlie sneaks up behind the man and steals his wallet! charlie ann marie and itchy then go to a horse race where they bet the man's money that a horse will win the race! the horse they said would win winds up winning and charlie, itchy, and ann marie are payed $1,000 for the bet! charlie promises ann marie he'll use the money to give to the poor but winds up buying a new casino and gambling and buys pizza for his friend flo (loni anderson) and her puppies. soon ann marie has found out that charlie had stolen the wallet from the man and used his money on the horse race and everything! charlie sad about this has a dream about going to hell and the devil! soon charlie awakens and finds out that ann marie is gone! she has left to give the wallet back to the couple who forgive her about the wallet and invite her to breakfast! charlie asks ann marie to leave with him and she does pretending to be sick but are captured by mice who try to feed them to king gator but they manage to escape! soon carface shows up and captures ann marie. he plans to drown her but charlie comes to the rescue and calls on king gator who eats carface. charlie's time is up and he must die again. itchy with the help of the other dogs finds the couple who took ann marie in and get them to come with them to where ann marie is. they are there in time to save ann marie but are too late to save charlie who's time has ended! charlie who is awarded for his heroic effort for saving ann marie is welcomed back to heaven but before he enters he says good-bye to ann marie who has been adopted by the couple and asks her to take care of itchy for him. she says yes and tells charlie she loves him and good-bye! charlie enters heaven again as it's said all dogs go to heaven! filled with wonderful animation, characters, and story don bluth has proved to us again that he is a good animator! it's too bad this movie was release the same year little mermaid which is my favorite disney movie! they both came out in 1989 which was the year before i was born! i guess i'll have to call them both the best animated features of 1989! 10 out of 10!

this is one of the greatest movies ever maybe even the greatest movie ever. i had forgotten about the movie for about 12 years. until i saw an add on tv for adgth and it brought back fond memories of me watching it when i was a little kid. and when i watched it a few nights ago i became addicted to the movie. usually i don't like animated family movies but this one is special it is the perfect family movie.the ending of the movie always touches my heart and saddens me very much but that is what makes this movie amazing better than all of the garbage that is coming out for kid movies today. i mean the movie is g rated and it is about 2 dogs who are involved with gambling, there is a lot of smoking, drinking, murder, death and hell depicted in the movie. which i believe makes the movie from good to great. i mean movies today don't bring reality to kids and in this movie they did.rip judith barsi & dom deluise

in my case i liked this movie because when i saw it i found more than i expected. i mean, this is one of the few animated movies that made me think about its themes even long after i finished. it talks about death, vengeance and hell in such a way that it gets to you like a punch in your face, even reaching to suffer with the dream sequence in the mid-point of the film. that's what makes this movie so good: the ability, unique in don bluth (director), to play with the people's feelings and make them love or hate a character in no time. that, and the fact that it has so many good characters like charlie and ann-marie, that in the sad but happy ending you have to say "i have something in my eye" to hide the others that you cried. all i've said are just only some of the good points of this movie. as for the rest, you have to see them for yourself in a film extremely honest. don bluth, thank you.

all dogs go to heaven is, in my opinion, the best animated film ever made. i'm not really a big fan of animated films, but there's something about this one that makes it better than any other animated film i've seen. the music is wonderful as is the performances of burt reynolds, dom deluise, and especially ken page as the king gator. "let's make music together" is perhaps one of my favorite songs from any movie musical i've seen. this is definitely a must see for people of all ages.

"may contain spoilers*"all dogs go to heaven" is a great movie. i saw it in 1989 when i was two years old. i didn't understand it that well but as i saw it more and more times i started to love it. i love the songs in this movie. my favorite songs are "let me be surprised" and "soon you'll come home". those are beautiful songs. the only thing that bothers me about the movie is charlie dieing. when i was little my sister couldn't even watch that part. other than that this movie is wonderful. my favorite part of the movie is when annabelle and charlie are flying around heaven. heaven is beautiful in the movie and the "clocks" are very clever. i also love itchy, in fact i have 3 dachshunds of my own. they are so cute. overall i love this movie and suggest everyone should see it. i give this movie 10/10 stars.

lots of reviews on this page mention that this movie is a little dark for kids. that depends on the kid. this isn't a movie for a 2-6 year old; it's more geared toward the 8 years and older crowd. i saw this movie when i was 10, i absolutely loved it. at the time most animated movies were a little too childish for my tastes. this movie deals with more serious issues, and therefore has a little more emotional impact. in this movie characters can die, and be sent to hell! this gives a little more emotional weight to the scenes where characters are risking their lives. the good guys aren't always perfectly sweet and nice (like other cartoons). they have "real" motivations, like revenge, and greed, but also compassion and friendship; shows that things aren't always black and white.excellent movie

all dogs go to heaven plays on the canine criminal underworld. the film is a delight for children with a comical and dark-but-satisfying and happy-ending storyline with plenty of song and dance. it features outcast charlie, a fellow canine criminal who is murdered but returns from the dead. he meets a homeless human girl who looks up to him, and through this relationship, he realizes the meaning of life and self-sacrifice. this is a cute animation loved very much through my eyes as a child. i would highly recommend this film to children. i'm unsure about how adults would react to it. (i tried to watch it a few years ago on vhs, but those recordings don't last long, do they?)

i saw this movie when i was about 8-years-old and i liked it but it wasn't until i watched it again at the age of 13 that i really understood it for what it is; a cartoon about a criminal dog with a real heart of gold "adopts" a little girl in order to exploit her for her talents to talk to animals. the dog star,charlie b. barkin, is murdered by his formal business partner, carface, (who is absolutely diabolical by the way). his soul then goes to where else but heaven only to find a golden watch that is really his life's time, which charlie, being the sneaky but lovable cad that he is steals and rewinds, sending him back to earth. once back on earth, charlie goes about seeking revenge on the evil carface. this is how he comes upon young anne-marie, the lonely little orphan that can talk to animals whom charlie plans to scam for her talents in order to get back at his enemy carface. but scoundrel charlie actually comes to care for young anne-marie and his plans unfoil as he must make up his mind to do what is right after anne-marie discovers what her "best friend" charlie has really been using her to make money for a new and better dog casino. now he must rescue her from the dreaded carface. i still love this movie even at the age of 22. the idea and plot really are quite different and original from that of many other animated films. i especially like the idea that a dog plays the role of the villain for once. carface was even better than he was in the all dogs go to heaven sequel. in that picture he appeared quite dubious to his role of villain.

when i first watched this, we borrowed it from our local library about a year ago and watched it about 3 times. we've just watched it again and i liked it more than i did the last time i'd watched it!! :) :()the film is mainly about two dogs called charlie and itchy (voiced by dom deluise and i love dom deluise!) . charlie is half a gangster and half a goodie, which i like. itchy is his sidekick. charlie is killed by his friend (not) and sent to heaven. when charlie comes back to life, it is the start of an amazing adventure.the five main reasons why i'm absolutely crazy about this film: one: i love the characters (except carface). my favourite three are charlie, itchy and a little girl called anne-marie who comes slightly later. two: i love the period of history in which this film is set. it is set during the prohibition in the united states. three: the don bluth animation (as usual) is superb. the backgrounds are good too. four: there is a strange excitement in this film that keeps me on the edge of my seat. five: the songs in this are lovely. my favourite song starts with "i need brazil, the throb, the thrill"...so, watch this lovely film when you can, you won't be disappointed! :) ;) :()

if you are uninitiated to the gundam world, this is a good place to start. if you are burned out on star wars or star trek, here is a compelling, realistic sci-fi series you can become immersed in. not the simplistic boy-saves-world-in-giant robot story you might have expected, but rather a complex, emotionally compelling space war drama where the line between the "good" and "bad" guys is decidedly less than distinct.gundam 0080 focuses on the story of al izuruha, a young, naive boy living in a neutral space colony. he spends his days daydreaming about mobile suits and playing war with his friends. during the course of this series, al befriends an "enemy" soldier, bernie wiseman. by the end, little al learns some hard lessons about the reality of war and the requisite suffering and sacrifice.i loved this oav series, with its cool mecha designs, involving story, and likeable characters. i recommend this series to anyone who likes realistic sf anime, or to those who think anime is just silly or sexy entertainment.

i can remember this movie from when i was a small child, i loved it then and i still do now. i managed to get it on dvd for my 18th birthday and was over joyed because i had found it so difficult to find it previously and it had only be rented when i was younger. my favourite character is charlie because he learns to be a good dog. the movie is filled with fun songs and music. the animation is brilliant and the character voices are perfect. this movie has always been a tearjerker for me but i think that if i hadn't seen the movie when i was small then i would not find it as brilliant and fascinating as i do although i still believe that i would still like it because i am really into animated movies.

when i was a little girl (and my dad owned a video store), this was among my favorite movies. i hadn't heard much about it since then, nor did i really remember anything about it, it having been forgotten in the wake of don bluth's other, probably better films. i managed to track it down a few weeks ago, however, and was pleasantly surprised again. set in new orleans in the 1930s, the animation is delightful and the songs are memorable. there are a few goofs in continuity if you look hard enough, but they generally don't detract from the storyline, which leaves you smiling (and maybe even a little misty-eyed, if you are a lover of animals). the characters are believable (maybe even a little too grown-up for younger watchers), as well. two paws up, and for those of you who haven't seen it in a while, definitely worth a re-watch.

an unforgettable masterpiece from the creator of the secret of nimh and the land before time, this was a very touching bittersweet cartoon. i remember this very well from my childhood, it was funny and sad and very beautiful. well it starts out a bit dark, a dog who escaped the pound, and gets killed by an old friend, ends up in heaven, and comes back. but it becomes sweet when he befriends an orphaned girl who can talk to animals. some scenes were a bit scary contrary to other cartoons, like the dream sequence of charlie, but everything else was okay,and the songs were fair. a memorable role of burt reynolds and dom deluise, i just love that guy, ahehehe. and judith barsi of jaws the revenge, may god rest her soul, poor girl, she didn't deserve to die, but she is in heaven now, all good people go to heaven. overall this is a very good animated movie, a don bluth classic enough to put anime and disney to shame. recommended for the whole family. and know this, if you have the original video of this, you'll find after the movie, dom deluise has a very important and special message, gotta love that guy, ahehehe.

i remember watching this movie with my friends when we were 4 years old, but the weird thing is that i never watched it after that. the other day i was babysitting and my cousin never saw all dogs go to heaven so we rented both movies and watched them together today and he really loved these movies. so many memories came back watching this movie once again and i have to admit i even cried a little. i'm 22 years old and the ending still gets to me. all dogs go to heaven is one of the most touching animated films and i'm shocked honestly by this rating of 5.8, i thought this movie would bring back good memories for others as well. i admit the animation was a bit typical but the story is just so charming and fun.charlie is a gambling dog who gets killed by another gambling dog, carface. but when charlie wants revenge he comes back to earth with a watch that can't stop ticking or that's the end of his life again. when he and his best friend, itchy, look for carface and spy on him they find out how carface gets all his money, he has a little orphan girl who talks to animals and finds out who is going to win the races. charlie takes the girl, ann-marie, and makes fake promises in order to get the money. but he ends up learning that maybe he should put ann-marie first before himself when carface goes back to him with a vengeance.all dogs go to heaven is the perfect family film, it's not disney, but this is an excellent family film to watch. not to mention that it's just so cute and touching. i know it's ridicules and some people call me crazy, but this movie for me when i was a kid made me believe that dogs have souls. how could they not? they're just so loving, and i think i'm going to cry again. but anyways, i would just recommend this movie for anyone, it's a fun movie to watch.7/10

all dogs go to heaven is a movie that i have always liked. when i was a kid, i used to watch this every other day. it is underrated if you look at its imdb rating and the comments of many people in general. this isn't a bad movie like many say, it is a very good movie. this is good and your kids will probably like it. even though it's rated g, some parents may find this to be a bit violent. it is actually a pretty dark story, where the dogs are similar to mobsters who are involved in gambling, extortion, and even cold blooded murder. the movie follows a dog named charlie who had escaped from the pound, is killed by his old friend, goes to heaven, but ends up coming back to earth. many younger kids watching this movie may feel as though they are watching a big kids movie. there are some scenes that may scare little kids, but i'm sure they'll do fine. every time i watch this movie, it reminds me of when i was a little kid. i'm sure everyone has a movie that reminds them of when they were younger, this is the movie that makes me feel that way. the performances from burt reynolds and dom deluise are great, and this is the last movie that a little girl named judith barsi was in. unfortunately, she was killed at a young age, which is a shame because she had so much potential and didn't deserve what happened. now that i know her story, i can't watch this movie the same way anymore because her voice sounds so sad. the animation in this movie is great, the voice work is great, and the story is good, but a little bit different from many other kids movies. this was popular at the time of its release, but was over shadowed by disney's mega popular the little mermaid. this is a movie that isn't conceived as well by adults, but if you're a kid, or if you grew up with this movie as a kid, then i'm sure you will enjoy watching it.

i've seen this movie when i was young, and i remembered it as one of the first films i have truly liked that was not an action movie or a comedy. so, in my later years i decided to watch it again and see if it was just nostalgia or was there really something in that movie. to my surprise, the movie held to my every expectations. it's a great movie. emotional in the right amount, some jokes, nice songs (not great though, and that actually explains why i did not remember it was a musical) and all in all a great use to my time. i was surprised because the last movies from my childhood that i have revisited did not even pass my minimal demands of a decent movie and yet this movie, which i first saw in the second grade, made me cry today just like it made me cry then. maybe that's because my dog died recently and maybe not, but the important thing is that it made me feel, and that's why filmmakers make films (that and the money, of course). yes, there are continuity glitches. yes, the script has holes, but it doesn't matter. the movie itself is fun and smart. so don't be fooled by cynical people who always look for the bad things in life, because nothing is perfect, and this movie gets a 10 not because it is perfect. it gets 10 simply because it made me feel.

i loved this film when i was little. today at 17 it is one of my all time favorite animated films. beautiful animation and appealing characters are just two of the things to like about this film. although many people might not enjoy some of the songs, most of them are well-done and go along with the story. it focuses on charlie, a roguish handsome german shepard who may seem unlikable to some at first... but eventually will win you over.not a kiddie film by any means. often very dark and frightening at times. a treat for don bluth fans and animation buffs. but do keep a tissue in handy. adgth never fails to make me cry and will do the same for those who are movie sensitive. arguably one of the greatest non-disney animated films of all time. along with watership down and my neighbor totoro.bottom line: a heavenly masterpiece.

all dogs go to heaven is one of the best movies i've ever seen. i first saw it when i was like 3. now i'm 12 and i rented it, it makes me think of things and it brings back so many memories, those were "the days". i love the music, i love when charlie is arriving in heaven, i love the song "let me be surprised". i love how charlie looks and his voice, bert reynolds could only play charlie's voice this great. i love this movie, the 1st one is the best one because it's so original and great. it really does bring back memories that no one can describe, not even me. if only i could go back to those days. i love the characters. if this is the way the memories come back when i'm 12 imagine how i'll feel when i'm like 19, i hope i'll be able to watch this when i'm older. when i first seen this i never knew that i would really look back on it and feel this way , i hope it will be available to watch. i'm so happy that this movie was made and the amazing idea came to mind and heart. on a scale from 1-10 i'd give it a perfect 10. it's an amazing movie. it's so hard to explain the feeling, when i get older and if i have kids, i hope they can experience this feeling.

bromwell high is nothing short of brilliant. expertly scripted and perfectly delivered, this searing parody of a students and teachers at a south london public school leaves you literally rolling with laughter. it's vulgar, provocative, witty and sharp. the characters are a superbly caricatured cross section of british society (or to be more accurate, of any society). following the escapades of keisha, latrina and natella, our three "protagonists" for want of a better term, the show doesn't shy away from parodying every imaginable subject. political correctness flies out the window in every episode. if you enjoy shows that aren't afraid to poke fun of every taboo subject imaginable, then bromwell high will not disappoint!

probably the two main significances of "elmer's pet rabbit" are that the wacky leporid featured in "a wild hare" now has a name, and that he utters his famous "of course you realize this means war!" for the first time. mostly, the termite terrace crowd was still trying to figure out what exactly to do with this long-eared rascal. it's certainly a must-see for hard-core fans of this genre, but others will probably have little reason to take interest.but make no mistake, it's quite hilarious what bugs bunny does to the eternally gullible elmer fudd. clear shades of things to come abound throughout the cartoon. i recommend it.

just watched this early bugs bunny (first time he's named here) and elmer fudd cartoon on the thadblog as linked from youtube. this was chuck jones' first time directing the "wascally wabbit" and as a result, bugs has a different voice provided by mel blanc than the brooklyn/bronx one we're more familiar with. in fact, according to thad, he's channeling jimmy stewart (his "shy boy" type personality of that time). anyway, after elmer buys his pet, bugs goes all obnoxious on him by turning the radio real loud, pretending to die after his master repeatedly throws him out of his shower, and saying "turn off those lights!" whenever elmer catches him in his bed. even with the different voice, bugs is definitely his mischievous self and i laughed myself blue the whole time! according to thad, there was an additional scene at the end of elmer just giving the house to bugs after the hell he went through but that was probably considered too sad since he suffers a mental breakdown at that point so it's just as well that cut scene is lost. anyway, i highly recommend elmer's pet rabbit.

this is a very, very early bugs bunny cartoon. as a result, the character is still in a transition period--he is not drawn as elongated as he later was and his voice isn't quite right. in addition, the chemistry between elmer and bugs is a little unusual. elmer is some poor sap who buys bugs from a pet shop--there is no gun or desire on his part to blast the bunny to smithereens! however, despite this, this is still a very enjoyable film. the early bugs was definitely more sassy and cruel than his later incarnations. in later films, he messed with elmer, yosimite sam and others because they started it--they messed with the rabbit. but, in this film, he is much more like daffy duck of the late 30s and early 40s--a jerk who just loves irritating others!! a true "anarchist" instead of the hero of the later cartoons. while this isn't among the best bug bunny cartoons, it sure is fun to watch and it's interesting to see just how much he's changed over the years.

this a casper the friendly ghost short from my childhood, and i re-watch it on youtube (thank god! for you tube); after that i love this short, and it is one of my favorite casper shorts.i love how the short starts off spooky with frank gallop's haunting narration; until we get to see casper sitting by his tombstone in the cemetery, reading. while every ghost rose from the graves to "boo" people, casper decides to leave in search for a friend. but in trying to make a friend, anyone who sees casper runs away. poor casper sat on a log and weep; until a little fox cub comes up an nuzzles him. casper and the little fox quickly bond and he quickly names the cub ferdie and considers him to be his very best friend. casper and ferdie's relationship is put in tremendous jeopardy however when casper is not keeping a close eye on ferdie while they are playing a game of hide and seek. while ferdie is hiding a hunter and two of his hunting dogs come and try to kill little ferdie and ferdie is running as fast as possible until he is out of breath and starts panting. while the hunter is firing gunshots towards ferdie casper notices they are trying to kill him and flies in the hunter's direction and pleads that the hunter leaves ferdie alone. and the hunter and dogs are terrified of casper. casper yells to ferdie that the hunter and the dogs are gone and that everything is fine. but casper sees ferdie's body is not moving and asks if he is ok. when casper sees ferdie has died he starts mourning in pain because he lost "the only friend he ever had in his whole life." casper returns back to the cemetery where he has buried ferdie and has made a gravestone for him next to casper's gravestone. casper continues mourning in pain until he sees that ferdie has resurrected as a ghost himself. ferdie starts licking casper on his cheek. casper screams for joy because he has been reunited with ferdie.overall, it is a really good short; though surprisingly disturbing, showing death in a family-oriented cartoon.

famous was "famous" for their tension and release style of cartoon where the semi-main character is in terrible peril, only to be rescued by the hero at the last second. this particular casper is the only one i can remember where death actually takes a hand. but even in death, there is still a happy ending.the constant in famous studios cartoons is that "virtue always triumphs". popeye always gets to his spinach in time, baby huey always out-foxes the fox, little audery always "learns her lesson". and some fs cartoons are really dark and depressing.you have to give them credit. as much as i love looney tunes and "tom and jerry" i don't think anyone was putting out a better cartoon product at that time than paramount. color, animation, music (the great winston sharples), editing, voices. they were consistent and a glowing example of the best that the art form had to offer.

i remember casper comic books, but don't remember any cartoons. maybe they weren't memorable; i don't know but at my advanced age, here i am watching this very early casper animated short yesterday. afterward, i was shocked to read the user-comments here. did people miss the ending?i have to learn all over again that casper isn't like the other ghosts, who like to go out each night and scare the c--p out of everyone. "he sees no future in that," according to the narrator here. instead, one night he goes out to the rural section of town, inadvertently scares some animals and can't find any friends. it brings him to tears, until a little fox hears him bawling and befriends him. the two become buddies but soon, the fox is running for his life with a fox hunt in progress.other reviews have all mentioned what happens, so i'll touch on that, too. the fox is killed by hunting dogs (not shown) and casper is in tears for losing "the only friend i ever had." but, nobody mentions the happy ending to this story. "ferdie" the fox becomes a spirit-figure like casper, jumps on his lap, licks his face and the narrator comments "they lived happily ever after." both characters look overjoyed.what is so sad about that? this is a nice story with a nice, happy ending.

i was about 12 years old when i saw this classic "casper the friendly ghost" cartoon. figured it was an early one since casper didn't look *right*, the same way porky pig doesn't look *right* in the old 1930's cartoons. but i digress...anyway, this episode in the friendly phantom's afterlife concerns him befriending a young fox todd whom he names ferdie. i remember being happy to see casper have a friend, as those who have watched the cartoons are wont to know that most people run away from him, screaming "a ghost!"casper and ferdie have some fun together until someone else shows up... i hate to leave you with a semi-spoiler, but the cartoon is only seven minutes long, so you can't really be too ambiguous. besides, anyone who reads the imdb synopsis of the cartoon can deduce what happens next...the finale is a bit heartbreaking. in fact, it's probably the saddest i've ever felt watching a cartoon. but that only means that it moved me, which probably explains why i decided to write a comment on this particular cartoon and not very many others. or heck, the fact that i actually remember this cartoon at all is due to its emotional effect on me -- i haven't seen it since. but the cartoon does end on an upbeat note, and i was pleased to see casper and ferdie happy again.i'd give this cartoon 8 out of 10 stars. second only to the warner bros. cartoon "peace on earth," this is the most i've ever been moved by an animated short.

i've often wondered just how much casper was meant for children...with all the issues revolving around his identity (in this film we are lead to believe that he is the spirit of a dead child, as his home is a cemetery plot), as well as the disturbing message brought by this particular film. maybe casper was meant more as a morality play, or famous studios felt like breaking new ground in 'reality' cartoons.there's good boos tonight is a well-animated project-no doubt there. but, the plot development involving the fox (who becomes casper's friend, but meets a tragic end) is a concern.give famous studios credit--they tackle death with respect...but, the stark image of casper's mourning is rather graphic and disturbing for children (though the denouement does offer a happy ending, but i won't give away the ending), and the violence is rather steep, even for 1940's standards.this might be a good cartoon for parents to use in helping explain death to children--but i wouldn't pop it into the vcr for a perky cartoon break.

i never thought an old cartoon would bring tears to my eyes! when i first purchased casper & friends: spooking about africa, i so much wanted to see the very first casper cartoon entitled the friendly ghost (1945), but when i saw the next cartoon, there's good boos to-night (1948), it made me break down! i couldn't believe how sad and tragic it was after seeing casper's fox get killed! i never saw anything like that in the other casper cartoons! this is the saddest one of all! it was so depressing, i just couldn't watch it again. it's just like seeing lassie die at the end of a movie. i know it's a classic,but it's too much for us old cartoon fans to handle like me! if i wanted to watch something old and classic, i rather watch something happy and funny! but when i think about this casper cartoon, i think about my cats!

i, myself am a kid at heart, meaning i love watching cartoons, still do! i remember watching bugs bunny when i was a kid, he was my favourite still is. i thought man, this was a great "new" show on tv, and than my dad said, "bugs bunny, i remember watching him when i was younger" and i'm like, "dad, bugs didn't exist when you were younger". so i guess he's definitely pleased more than one generation, possibly 3. i love the show it's great for kids and adults, ok, everybody. it's very funny, me and my husband, both in our 20s, love watching the shows, and we don't mind the re-runs either. this show brings back a lot of memories, happy ones. i love the christmas special too with tweety as tiny tim, it's cute. i can't pick my favourite looney toons character, because they've changed over the years. when i was little it was bugs of course, and porky pig. pepe is cool, i always loved him. actually, i have to say there all my favourite. i'm giving this show a 10 out of 10, because it's a great show for all ages, very funny, voice acting is incredible, the only flaw is that unfortunately it came to an end, 2 decades ago, but the re-runs are great!

the lion king 1 1/2 is a very cute story to go along with the lion king. it basically follows the original story of the lion king but with a couple of twists. in the movie,e vents are explained by a different characters point of view. this story is still an original plot.as far as sequels go, disney isn't all that great at making worthwhile ones. this one, being the third part to the lion king (simba's pride is the second.) actually has an original idea to it while still involving the fun of the first. timon and pumbaa travel along looking for the ideal place to live. after searching far and wide, they find the place of "hakuna matata". they then meet a small lion named simba, and go through many things that parents today go through.i think this is a very good movie, and i'm happy to add it to my collection.

i watched lion king more times that all my friends put togther. having a baby sister.. you know how it is. by now i memorized both the plot and the lines. after lion king 2 came out i was like ok well let me see... the second one was significantly weaker... then i saw an ad for lion king 1 and 1/2... i was like ok there we go again. after watching the 1 1/2 i was like wow. all my expectations (for repetitevness) were broken. a truly lovely and original plot keeps you glued to your seat for the entire time. i have noticed that the cartoon was filled with so many comical moments that roflmao will apply here 100%.i definetly recommend seeing the cartoon.

possible spoilers: not surewhile watching the lion king 1 1/2, i couldn't help but have mixed feelings about the whole film. it is definitely a good way to spend about an hour and 15 minutes. but there is nothing about it that would give you the same sort of feeling that the lion king did. the story, for those who haven't read the other reviews, is about how timon and pumbaa meet, and how they affect events in the original lion king.there are actually some very funny jokes in the movie. my favorite part is when they show the pair raising simba. however, for me the worst parts have to be when they show timon and pumbaa directly interfering with the events of the original. i can never look at the "circle of life" or "can you feel the love tonight" sequences the same way again (i'm okay with the "i just can't wait to be king" sequence).the voice talents are excellent. nathan lane and ernie sabella do a wonderful job, as do matthew broderick, the guy who does rafiki, and the hyenas. even the actor who does young simba sounded enough like jonathon taylor thomas for me. but why did they even include a voice actor for zazu? he literally had only 2 lines, and neither were very necessary. the additions of julie kavner and jerry stiller only add to the talent, although you still can't hear timon's mom's voice and not think of marge simpson.there are some scenes that seem to not fit in with the original, the one coming to mind being when they are pride rock at the end. how did they have time to fit in the initial fight with the hyenas?as for the dvd itself, you can't help but feel that for a 2 disc set, the special features are especially lacking. they could have easily fit a commentary, or another aspect ratio on the 1st disc. i enjoyed the "who wants to be king of the jungle" game, even if it is the most shameful example of cross promotion i've ever seen. some of the questions are actually difficult.overall, a good movie, though not nearly as good as tlk or even tlk2.

if the lion king was a disney version of hamlet, then the lion king 3: hakuna matata is a disney version of guildenstern and rosencrantz are dead. just like tom stoppard's beguiling film, we get to view the action from the point of view of two of the minor characters from the original: timon, the meerkat with a penchant for breaking into song at the drop of a hat, and pumbaa, the warthog with flatulence issues. by following their story - rather than simba's - we get to see why all the animals bowed down as simba was presented from pride rock. we find out what made timon and pumbaa decide to follow simba back to pride rock to oust scar. and we find out how they dealt with the hyena's once and for all. nathan lane as timon gets most of the best jokes, but he is ably supported by ernie sabella as pumbaa. it is also good to hear matthew broderick and whoopi goldberg reprising their roles. julie kavner and jerry stiller lend their distinctive voices to two new characters: timon's mother and uncle. the only downside is the constant stop-start-rewind-fast-forward device which doesn't always help to progress the story. having said that, there is a brilliant zoom near the beginning of the movie. with more laughs than any other third-in-a-disney-series movie, hakuna matata is worth watching - if only for the hot tub scene which is still funny despite being a little bit predictable.

what a pleasant surprise: a disney dtv (direct to video) sequel that's actually good. "the lion king 1 1/2" is a comedy affair that involves everyone's favorite meerkat and warthog, timon and pumbaa. it starts out with them watching the original movie and making comments, until timon complains that "we're not here yet". after fighting over the remote, timon and pumbaa decide to tell the audience "their story". they start the new movie, and the laughs begin.to be honest, i was losing hope in disney. most of their direct-to-video fare has been aggressively awful, with the story lines desperate to cash in on the original. "1 1/2" decides to try something different: it tells the original story from a new point of view. okay, it adds some stuff, like where timon came from and how he and pumbaa met, but it's an interesting concept. nathan lane and ernie sabella perfectly recapture the bond and friendship that made us love them in the first movie. there's also some neat movie parodies (including one scene that simultaneously spoofs 'the good, the bad, and the ugly' and 'cool hand luke), and the script is filled with funny memorable lines.added to the cast are julie kavner ("the simpsons") as timon's worry-wart mom, and jerry stiller as timon's slightly crazy uncle max. matthew broderick shows up as simba, and his "teen" scene reminded me of ferris bueller. everyone does well, especially robert guillame (is that how you spell it?) as rafiki, who exudes more and more yoda-speak in this movie (timon comments on this several times).'the lion king 1 1/2' is a perfect alternate choice for those of you getting tired of the shrekification of animation. 10/10

disney have done it again. brilliant the way timone and pumbaa are brought back to life yet again to tell us how they came to meet and help simba when he needed them. i love this film and watch it over and over again. it shows how timone lived with his family and fellow meerkats before setting off to find his dream home and adventure. then he meets pumbaa and things do change. together, they search for the home timon wants and repeatedly fail, which is funny as timone gets more and more crazy. then simba turns up and we see more of his childhood than we did in the previous 2 films. the rest, you already know.

everyone, my name may sound weird, but there was nothing else! any way, i haven't seen anything like this before so it was crazy! of course that's a good thing. it is a humorously interesting movie and my absolute all time favourite thing is how they intertwine other things into one! like chicken little,, the fish pretending to be king kong and runt the pig saying, "twas beauty who killed the beast", war of the worlds scene and more. walt disney company has not lost his touch maybe not for this one. also, how they made it like they were watching a movie and it was like a home cinema. however some parts don't fit. like in the original lion king, weren't timon and pumbaa with simba when he beat scar? in this movie, they are not! they were fighting the hyenas backstage. ther's more, the reason being why pumbaa isn't so confident is because he was pushed away by the other animals and also, it's just timon, timon, timon. anybody realise that only timonn's story was told, whereas pumbaa only had flashbacks?but apart from that , it"s great!

i actually like the original, and this film has its ups and downs. here's just a few:ups: most of the original voice cast returned.downs: i didn't like the voice of timon's ma. i know she did a voice in the simpsons, but that show is just plain stupid. ups: we get to see simba as a "teenager."downs: they wasted it with a slug-slurping contest between timon and simba. ups: it was rafiki who told timon about "hakuna matata."downs: how did pumbaa find out about it?ups: songs again. (some of the original songs were there, but they were just background music.)downs: but stupid songs. (a.k.a. timon's solo.)overall, this is a pretty good movie. i'd recommend it for fans of the original. but if you don't like the original, chances are you won't like this one.my score: 7/10

in this film we have the fabulous opportunity to see what happened to timon and pumbaa in the film when they are not shown - which is a lot! this film even goes back to before simba and (presumbably) just after the birth of kiara. quite true to the first film, "lion king 1/2 (or lion king 3 in other places)" is a funny, entertaining, exciting and surprising film (or sequel if that's what you want to call it). a bundle of surprises and hilarity await for you!while timon and pumbaa are watching a film at the cinema (with a remote control), timon and pumbaa have an argument of what point of "the lion king" they are going to start watching, as timon wants to go to the part when he and pumbaa come in and pumbaa wants to go back to the beginning. they have a very fair compromise of watching the film of their own story, which is what awaits... it starts with timon's first home...for anyone with a good sense of humour who liked the first films of just about any age, enjoy "lion king 1/2"! :-)

surprisingly not terrible and well animated for one of disney's straight to video throw away sequels. like the previous sequel (the lion king 2) i was glad that disney brought back most of the original voice actors which makes a big difference and they kept a good level of traditional animation. the plot wanders around for a while but we are distracted by an unending string of jokes ranging from hilarious to dull. to break up the detached plot and jokes they gave us some silly musical sequences, which much like the jokes, range from entertaining to a quick trip to the fridge. for the most part the mst3k-like moments are bland and full of untapped potential and really don't add a whole lot to the movie other than to act as a vehicle for an hour-long flashback. the new characters are at least likable, and the old characters are out doing their thing so i can't fault them there. overall this movie in not bad and it makes for a nice frivolous filler between the more serious lion king titles.

"lion king 1 1/2" is the funniest non-theatrical release from disney. i recently saw this movie again after not seeing it in many years. i remember first time i saw it i didn't had any expectations at all and were pleasantly surprised by this watchable and highly entertaining movie.is it better than "simba's pride"? in many ways, yes. though "simba's pride" wasn't exactly bad, it did suffer some problems: lack of an good script and bad characterizations, which made impact of what otherwise a okay film.anyway: it's nice to see timon and pumbaa's personalities blossom again in the way that we (or certainly me) loved about them in this film; in "simba's pride" they were completely annoying and i didn't liked the "timon and pumbaa" series neither.this film could easily have been a stupid one, but fortunately the filmmakers didn't took the wrong turn and instead focused to make this film at times extremely hilarious. there are a few jokes that adults can enjoy on their own. the score is quite good. there are two new songs, which are catchy and two new characters, timon's mom, (voiced by recognizable marge simpsons' julie kavner) and uncle max, which are enjoyable. the friendship between timon and pumbaa are touchingly portrayed. the emotional scenes are well integrated in the comical story and doesn't feel out of place, which it could have easily done (especially in comedies).but is there something that distracts this picture from getting 10 votes from me? yes, there is. although they fortunately doesn't impact too much, but i'll mention them: 1. many of the scenes from the first film are used in this one. personally, it was weird to see the old scenes integrated with the new ones.2. during the climax, some of the jokes becomes lame.3. storywise, this is timon's story and although the filmmakers try to integrate his tale with simba's, it makes the screenplay feel a little rushed at times.but hey, those details doesn't impact this otherwise amusing movie. it is the only really acceptable disney sequel, which should be in every movie collection.

finally, timon and pumbaa in their own film...'the lion king 1 1/2: hakuna matata' is an irreverent new take on a classic tale. which classic tale, you ask? why, 'the lion king' of course!yep, if there's one thing that disney is never short of, it's narcissism.but that doesn't mean that this isn't a good film. it's basically the events of 'the lion king' as told from timon and pumbaa's perspective. and it's because of this that you'll have to know the story of 'the lion king' by heart to see where they're coming from.anyway, at one level i was watching this and thinking "oh my god this is so lame..." and on another level i was having a ball. much of the humour is predictable - i mean, when pumbaa makes up two beds, a big one for himself and a small one for timon, within the first nanosecond we all know that timon is going to take the big one. but that doesn't stop it from being hilarious, which, imo, is 'hakuna matata' in a nutshell. it's not what happens, it's how.and a note of warning: there are also some fart jokes. seriously, did you expect anything else in a film where pumbaa takes centre stage? but as fart jokes go, these are especially good, and should satisfy even the most particular connoisseur.the returning voice talent is great. i'm kinda surprised that some of the actors were willing to return, what with most of them only having two or three lines (if they're lucky). whoopi goldberg is particularly welcome.the music is also great. from 'digga tunnah' at the start to 'that's all i need', an adaption of 'warthog rhapsody' (a song that was cut from 'the lion king' and is frankly much improved in this incarnation), the music leaves me with nothing to complain about whatsoever.in the end, timon and pumbaa are awesome characters, and while it may be argued that 'hakuna matata' is simply an excuse to see them in various fun and assorted compromising situations then so be it. it's rare to find characters that you just want to spend time with.am i starting to sound creepy?either way, 'the lion king 1 1/2' is great if you've seen 'the lion king' far too many times. especially if you are right now thinking "don't be silly, there's no such thing as seeing 'the lion king' too many times!"

i think lion king 1 1/2 is one of the best sequels ever as if not the best out of the three lion king movies! in the movie timon and pumbaa tell us where they came from and having trouble fitting in with others such as timon having trouble digging tunnels with other meercats! timon and pumbaa journey off into finding their dream place and find it and soon find it and also simba who they raise but soon they must choose between their dream place or helping simba face his evil uncle scar and proclaim his right as the lion king of pride rock! filled with wonderful new characters like timon's ma(julie kavner) and uncle max (jerry stiller). i think my favorite character was uncle max because he was very funney and was voiced by a funney comedian jerry stiller the father of ben stiller. disney was smart to cast stiller in that role! filled with wonderful characters, animation, and story and music lion king 1 1/2 is in my opinion the best of any sequel and better than simba's pride even though i will admit i really did like that one too! lion king 1 1/2 is a great disney sequel the whole family can enjoy! it's got a good story and is very funney! 10 out of 10!

i wasn't sure when i heard about this coming out. i was thinking how dumb is disney getting. i was wrong. i found it to be very good. i mean it's not the lion king but it's cool to see another side from a certain point. it was very funny. also it wasn't one of those corny disney sequels were the animation sucks, it was just like the lion king animation. the only thing that eritated me was the whole movie theater thing through out the movie. not to give anything way but you'll know what i am talking about. i also fun that it was cool to have most of the cast from the original to return. it was a very good movie over all.

"the lion king" is without a doubt my favorite disney movie of all time, so i figured maybe i should give the sequels a chance and i did. lion king 1 1/2 was pretty good and had it's good laughs and fun with timon and pumba. only problem, i feel sometimes no explanations are needed because they can create plot holes and just the feeling of wanting your own explanation. well, i would highly recommend this movie for lion king fans or just a night with the family. it's a fun flick with the same laughs and lovable characters as the first. so, hopefully, i'll get the same with the third installment to the lion king series. sit back and just think hakuna matata! it means no worries! 8/10

if the lion king is a serious story about a young lion growing up to avenge his father's death, the lion king 1 and a half is the total opposite, full of whimsy and cheer. the lion king told the story from the side of simba the young lion, 1 and a half is from the view of timone and pumbaa, a less than perfect duo made up of a meercat who left home because he could not dig tunnels without burying his friends and neighbors and a warthog who has an odor issue. the movie is a little short on substance, but disney does a good job of filling time with various sketches starring timone and pumbaa as they "watch" the movie with us. my favorite is the sing-along that happens halfway through the movie, make sure you watch the bouncing bug! disney has advertised 1 and a half as "the rest of the story," though it really isn't. it is just a different perspective of the lion king, without all of the serious stuff that pervaded most of the second half of the original disney classic. credit nathan lane as timone and ernie sabella as pumbaa for their voice work, without their efforts, the movie may not have worked. the sing, they entertain, and they make us laugh. they also give us a reason to avoid a hot tub with a warthog.

7 if you're a kid- 6 if you claim to be an adult. this semi-sequel to the lion king sees to spin off side characters timone and pumba, retelling the original story through their eyes, including the story of how they met. in the grand tradition of disney, inferior sequels are made, and occasionally tv series featuring the adventures of minor characters from their biggest hits. you can be as sceptical as you want about this, but kids and fans of the series will likely not care; their are enough jokes and songs and interesting things to ensure that this is one of the few above average sequels. this works because of the charm of the much-loved central characters, the quick pace, the in-jokes involving the first film, and for older viewers there are some funny gags. the animation is as good as ever, if a little less flamboyant than the original, but the plot here is all about taking it easy, hakuna matata.timone and pumba decide to watch the events of the first film, frequently stopping mid-film to joke about parts of it, like a real audience. we see how timone is a near outcast, he feels he does not fit in and decides to go looking beyond what he sees to find his ideal home. on the way he meets pumba, another outcast and they become friends. soon they meet simba, a lion cub, natural predator of t and p, but they form a trio. however, when simba realises he must follow his own destiny and leave the group, it is up to the others to decide whether to help or not, and how. of course the usual disney elements and themes are here, friendship, good versus evil etc. the plot is simple but works on many levels, making it smarter than your average animated movie. as the cg movies appear, disney's traditional form must become smarter, but not forget the roots which made them popular. toy story and all that have come since have been clever, with jokes to suit all ages, and it seems this is the way the market is shifting. however, there will always be a place for films like this, and you cannot go wrong buying this for the youngsters.7 out of 10

i have to be honest, i was expecting a failure so bad, because it really did sound like they were trying to milk the original movie to get money. but that wasn't the case with this pretty funny (sometimes odd) movie. i loved how they told the story of timon and pumba, the story with simba and him having trouble sleeping was funny. the jacuzzi bubble, and when pumba leaves, the bubbles stop. it's all harmless fun, good for kids and some adults. i think this movie will last for a while because it is rather good for a straight to video and dvd movie. while the movie does seem a little odd and kind of trails off toward the end, it works. 8 out of 10

lion king 1 1/2 is a very fun and addictive sequel. don't expect the production values of a theatrical release, but do expect the highest quality of direct to video release.it is set up as timon & pumba begin watching the original lion king in a darkened theater and abruptly switch tracks and begin narrating their own story. this is done with frequent comedic interruptions. for example, during one particular tense moment a home shopping commercial pops on and a chagrined pumba realizes he has sat on the remote. these little moments pepper the movie, and whether you find them entertaining or not will greatly depend on your sense of humor. if you are particularly bothered by movies that deliberately remind the viewer is watching a movie, than this may not be your cup of tea.animation is the best they've invested in the disney dtv line, and is integrated almost seamlessly with the original material. the newer, independent material uses a lot of the artistic style of the original. the voice talents are all well performed, though i couldn't help thinking of marge simpson every time i heard julie kavner.many of the jokes in the movie will be well recognized by viewers as recycled over the generations, but are presented more with the familiarity of comfortable quirks of old friends than annoyingly repetitive.the music has made me realize how much i enjoyed and miss a good musical integrated with a disney feature. the toe-tapping opening feature of 'dig a tunnel' is well choreographed and hilarious. timon and pumba's take on the lion king's opening sequence and their introduction to paradise are also amusing. the only problem was the reprise of the 'dig a tunnel' at the end of the movie, switching its lyrics and tune from defeatist to uplifting.story line is pretty well done, and the integration of new plot elements is done almost perfectly, though the final bit during the hyena chased stretched the storyline credibility a little. the new story doesn't seem to handle saccharine or emotionally charged moments to well, and does better when it is resorting to full comedy. overall, worth purchasing. if you like all the bonus features that come with a typical 2-disc set, then go for it. for the penny pincher who still is willing to invest on a good flick, wait until it drops four or more dollars and go rent it right away. damion crowley.

my take: a funny take on the lion king, posing as a sequel. surprisingly amusing. surprisingly, "lion king 1 1/2" is actually another funny straight-to-video, that's worth a theatrical treatment. i don't see why disney released this straight to video, and release crappy movies like "chicken little" and "return to neverland" theatrically. those movies are better off seen in the video stores (in the "new releases" area), rather than seeing their theatrical posters outside the theaters.this one is merely a spoof of the first film (although the events in "simba's pride" hasn't taken place yet), on timon (voiced by nathan lane) and pumbaa's (voiced by ernie sabella) point of view. we get to see them make fun of the events in the first film. original voices from the first film, like matthew broderick, woopie goldberg, cheeche martin and robert guillaume, return to their voicing roles from the first film, while julie kavner and jerry stiller give some hilarious comedy relief as timon's mom and grumpy uncle.so doesn't this sound fun. maybe not now, but go watch it for yourself. the fact that it's not that serious in its plot makes it the more enjoyable. it's kinda like mst3000 with timon and pumbaa.video movie rating: ***1/2 out of 5.

the lion king series is easily the crowning achievement in disney animation. the original lion king is the greatest masterpiece in cel animation. lion king ii:simba's pride is the by far the best direct-to-video sequel that disney, or any other studio, has made for an animated feature. it deserved a theatrical release. the same can be said for this movie. it has the original cast, songs by elton john, a hilarious story, exciting action, and touching character moments. everything you've come to expect from this series. not so much a new story, but filler and extended background on timon and pumbaa, and their place in this story. what impressed me the most, was the care taken in the animation. all to often, disney shorts on the animation quality of their video and television efforts. but here, they seamlessly blend new animation with footage from the original film. the scenes never seem out of place. nathan lane and ernie sabella are in full swing as timon and pumbaa. matthew broderick, robert guillame, and moira kelly reprise their roles as simba, rafiki, and nala, respectively. we even get a return visit by whoopi goldberg and cheech marin as the hyenas.there are many big laughs in this movie. so if you love lion king, you need this movie. the story is just not complete without it.

this is a straight-to-video movie, so it should go without saying that it's not going to rival the first lion king, but that said, this was downright good.my kids loved this, but that's a given, they love anything that's a cartoon. the big shock was that *i* liked it too, it was laugh out loud funny at some parts (even the fart jokes*), had lots of rather creative tie-ins with the first movie, and even some jokes that you had to be older to understand (but without being risqué like in shrek ["do you think he's compensating for something?"]).a special note on the fart jokes, i was surprised to find that none of the jokes were just toilet noises (in fact there were almost no noises/imagery at all, the references were actually rather subtle), they actually had a setup/punchline/etc, and were almost in good taste. i'd like my kids to think that there's more to humor than going to the bathroom, and this movie is fine in those regards.hmm what else? the music was so-so, not nearly as creative as in the first or second movie, but plenty of fun for the kids. no painfully corny moments, which was a blessing for me. a little action but nothing too scary (the secret of nimh gave my kids nightmares, not sure a g rating was appropriate for that one...)all in all i'd say this is a great movie for kids of any age, one that's 100% safe to let them watch (i try not to be overly sensitive but i've had to jump up and turn off the tv during a few movies that were less kid-appropriate than expected) - but you're safe to leave the room during this one. i'd say stick around anyway though, you might find that you enjoy it too :)

one of the best movies for all ages. you will never be able to look at lion king again without thinking of the extra history this movie adds. nearly 40 years old, i watched this with my wife and two sons after work tonight & i have not laughed & enjoyed a movie so much in a long time.take time out and watch this with the kids. it will remind you of how disney used to be when you were a young one.

being a fan of the first lion king, i was definitely looking forward to this movie, but i knew there was really no way it could be as good as the original. i know that many disney fans are wary of the direct-to-video movies, as i have mixed feelings of them as well.while watching the lion king 1½, i tried to figure out what my own viewpoint was regarding this movie. am i going to be so devout about the lion king that i will nitpick at certain scenes, or am i just going to accept this movie as just another look at the lion king story? most of the time, i found myself embracing the latter.the lion king 1½ definitely has its cute and funny moments. timon and pumbaa stole the show in the first movie and definitely deserved a movie that centered around them. people just love these characters! my favorite parts of the movie include the montage of timon & pumbaa taking care of young simba and the surprise ending featuring some great cameos.i could have done without many of the bathroom jokes though, like the real reason everyone bowed to baby simba at the beginning of lion king 1. i guess those types of jokes are for the younger set (which after all is the target audience. i don't think many kids are really concerned about disney's profit margin on direct-to-video movies.)however, i will say that i was somewhat annoyed when they directly tied in scenes from the original movie to this movie. i'm just too familiar with the original that those scenes just stuck out like sore thumbs to me. something would be different with the music or the voices that it would just distract me.as for the music, it wasn't too bad, but don't expect any classics to come from this movie. at least lk2 had the nice ballad, "love will find a way." as for the voicework, it was well done in this movie. nathan lane and ernie sabella did a great job as always, and even new cast members, the classic comedic actor jerry stiller and julie kavner (best known as marge simpson), did a great job also. you can even enjoy these great voice talents even more by checking out the virtual safari on disc 2 of the dvd. that feature is definitely a lot of fun!!so all in all, the lion king 1½ isn't a perfect movie, but it's cute and entertaining. i think many lion king fans will enjoy it and appreciate it for what it is - a fun, lighthearted look at the lion king masterpiece from our funny friends' perspectives.my imdb rating: 7/10. my yahoo! grade: b (good)

first off, i want to say, "thanks, disney, for finally releasing the "cinderella" movie on dvd! now you have all the disney animated films on dvd (including the 1999 limited editions)! what are you going to do next? you're going to disney world!!!!!" well, technically (i mean, look at the castle!!!!!)anyways, disney remains magical in his 1950 animated classic film "cinderella," the movie that put fairy tale movies on the map. we are all familiar with the story of cinderella, her stepsisters, her date, the glass slipper, the pumpkin that turns into a carriage just for saying "bippity- boppity-boo!," and of course, trying to head home by midnight!what i like about this film: it's a grand old fairy tale that children like, now in a movie form (as well as on dvd as well)!!!!!"cinderella" - thank you, disney!!!!! 10 stars.

this movie is wonderful. it always has been always will be. i'm mean really what is better then a house maid falling in love. walt really out did him self here. and the music! a dream is a wish your heart makes is beautiful! what else can you say besides terrific! i can't wait until the special edition comes out it will be so awesome! i can't wait to hear all of the deleted songs! this movie is done so beautiful and smart! it is lovely. what about the cute mice too! i know i keep saying the same things over and over and over again but hey this is a great movie! woods was terrific in this beautiful beautiful beautiful movie

comment? like my comment is necessary? we are talking about all time masterpiece, for all seasons and all generations. this is only type of movies that i still have patience to watch. in this, like in other disney's movies is some kind of magic. all characters are in some way, "alive" and "real" so it's easy to understand message, even if you don't understand language, (like i didn't understood when i first watched movie, because i was about six years old). maybe my english is not so good, but i learned what i know mostly from this kind of movies, and this is one more great dimension of this kind of movies, which in present time are rare. but there is a one big shame. in my country is now impossible to watch this, or any other disney's movie! we don't have copyrights, so our children are disabled to enjoy and learn from this kind of movies. so, we will watch this movie again "once upon a dream" or...?

in my opinion, this is an absolutely romantic disney masterpiece. if you ask me, the stepmother (voice of lucille la verne) was truly diabolical. you'll have to see the movie if you want to know why. on the other hand, despite the fact that she did a lot of housekeeping, cinderella (voice of ilene stanley) was a very beautiful lady. to me, the scenery was beautiful, the cast was well chosen, and the writing was strong. before i wrap this up, i'd like to say that everyone involved in this film did very well. now, in conclusion, i highly recommend this absolutely romantic disney masterpiece to all of you who haven't seen it. you're in for a good time, so go to the video store, rent it or buy it, kick back with a friend, and watch it.

this is one of disney's top five animated features, in my opinion. cinderella was a perfect return to the full-length feature animation film (as opposed to the compilation films of the 40's), and expensive depth via the multi-plane camera returns to the film in no other way. although disney adapts the story somewhat liberally, you gather the idea of the era via the dress and set stylizations---a clear time period the story takes place.cinderella is more mature than snow white, and a multi-dimensional character. actually, all of the characters are somewhat well-developed, except for the prince--left the most flat--we know he has a sense of humor, and a great smile, but that's about all. like snow white, disney has some permanent impact on the story in popular culture---in most versions of cinderella, the stepsisters are attractive, just not as pretty as cinderella, and their character takes away from their otherwise nice appearance.favorite disney additions: the mice! also, appreciated the continuity--cinderella always loses her shoe throughout the film. the addition of the homemade gown as well as the following assault from the stepsisters was always horrific as a child--i remember view master showing this with a black background and a large red light on it! the broken slipper shows the unwillingness of evil lady tremaine to give up her hold over cinderella and admit defeat---audley would go on to characterize the most wicked of all disney villains, satanic witch maleficent, in sleeping beauty.

cinderella is a beautiful young woman who is treated cruelly by her wicked stepmother and stepsisters. one day, a ball is to be held in honor of the prince, but cinderella has no chance of going, because her stepmother and stepsisters won't let her. with the help of her fairy godmother and her animal friends, she is off to the ball, with the warning to return home by midnight. at the ball she meets the handsome prince charming. when the clock strikes midnight, she runs home, leaving behind one of her glass slippers. with the help of her animal friends, her true identity is revealed. she and the prince later get married, and they live happily ever after.cinderella, released 56 years ago, was a huge box office success, and it continues to charm audiences to this day. it has a well-written script. the characters are memorable. the songs, including "a dream is a wish your heart makes", "so this is love", and the great "bibbidi-bobbidi-boo", help tell the story. this was my favorite movie growing up, and it hasn't lost any of its charm. a true disney masterpiece! recommended. 10/10 p.s. the recent dvd release is the best way to appreciate this film, including featurettes, deleted scenes, music video, vintage radio programs, and a restored print of the movie!

cinderella in my opinion greatest love story ever told i loved it as a kid and i love it now a wonderful disney masterpiece this is 1 of my favorite movies i love disney. i could rave on and on about cinderella and disney all day but i wont i ll give you a brief outline of the story. when a young girl's father dies she has to live with her evil step mother and her equally ugly and nasty step sisters drusilla and anastasia. made to do remedial house chores all day poor cinderella has only the little mice who scurry around the house and her dog bruno as friends. when one day a letter is sent to her house telling all available women to attend a royal ball. cinderellas evil step mother and step sisters try to prevent her attendance cinderella finally gets her dream and wish and is able to attend her captive beauty , genorisity and beautiful nature help her win her prince.

the story of cinderella is one of my favorites from charles perrault, with sleeping beauty which was also made into a disney film in 1959; this film is a sweet, enchanting masterpiece from disney.the film has a great soundtrack; that's one i like in a movie is a very good soundtrack, and i love the songs too; my favorite song is the romantic "so this is love." i love the mice from the film too, they are cute. my favorite scene is the scene after the narration, the little birds tried to wake cinderella up in the morning; i also love it when cinderella's animal friends (the mice and birds) fix up cinderella's birth-mother's dress, so she could go to the ball...until drizella & anastasia tore it to bits, the b****es!

i don't think i need to tell you the story. for it has been told for years and years. so i will just share my feelings. i first saw cinderella was when i was five years old. from then on i was a disney child in a good way. the animation now seems childish and old fashioned, but that is part of its charm now. now, in the age of high school musical and computer generated images, it seems like people have forgotten the genius and magical essence of early disney movies. thankfully i was born before that so i was introduced to this classic. and it seems no matter how old i get, i turn back into that five year old watching it on vhs. which is the true magic of disney.

for quite a long time in my life, i either did not like this film, or i liked this film but not as much as many more. i watched it recently (at a sleepover, funnily enough) and i liked it more than i had done since i was under 6 or something. i now appreciate it more, as i do with a few other disney classics that i have watched recently (including "sleeping beauty" and "pinnochio" or however you spell it). i now very much appreciate the animation, the clever "disney" plot turns, the humour from the mice, the emotions expressed and the plot. the animation is very well done, often it seems you are wherever the other characters are, watching them. the animation also does well portraying the styles of the backgrounds, including the town (which is shown twice briefly). disney changes this from the original fairy tale in a surprisingly good way, injecting clever plot turns ,such as the mice making the clothes and the key part (usually i do not like disney films very much if they are not that similar to the original story, but with this i am not overly bothered. i feel they made necessary changes to make this a good disney film. often i do not think disney changed the book in a good way in some of their films). you know the story already, cinderella is a girl working for her horrible stepmother and stepsisters. she goes to a ball with the help of her fairy godmother and loses a glass slipper...this is a film very much to be watched with other people. immediate family is not good enough. to enjoy this, i recommend you watch it with friends (and immediate family, if you like. :-) ). i recommend this to people who like disney at least a little bit, people who like fairy tales and for people who like mice. enjoy! :-)

worry not, disney fans--this special edition dvd of the beloved cinderella won't turn into a pumpkin at the strike of midnight. one of the most enduring animated films of all time, the disney-fide adaptation of the gory brothers grimm fairy tale became a classic in its own right, thanks to some memorable tunes (including "a dream is a wish your heart makes," "bibbidi-bobbidi-boo," and the title song) and some endearingly cute comic relief. the famous slipper (click for larger image) we all know the story--the wicked stepmother and stepsisters simply won't have it, this uppity cinderella thinking she's going to a ball designed to find the handsome prince an appropriate sweetheart, but perseverance, animal buddies, and a well-timed entrance by a fairy godmother make sure things turn out all right. there are a few striking sequences of pure animation--for example, cinderella is reflected in bubbles drifting through the air--and the design is rich and evocative throughout. it's a simple story padded here agreeably with comic business, particularly cinderella's rodent pals (dressed up conspicuously like the dwarf sidekicks of another famous disney heroine) and their misadventures with a wretched cat named lucifer. there's also much harrumphing and exposition spouting by the king and the grand duke. it's a much simpler and more graceful work than the more frenetically paced animated films of today, which makes it simultaneously quaint and highly gratifying.

"cinderella" is one of the most beloved of all disney classics. and it really deserves its status. based on the classic fairy-tale as told by charles perrault, the film follows the trials and tribulations of cinderella, a good girl who is mistreated by her evil stepmother and equally unlikable stepsisters. when a royal ball is held and all eligible young women are invited (read: the king wants to get the prince to marry), cinderella is left at home whilst her stepmother takes her awful daughters with her. but there is a fairy godmother on hand...the story of "cinderella" on its own wouldn't be able to pad out a feature, so whilst generally staying true to the story otherwise, the fairly incidental characters of the animals whom the fairy godmother uses to help get the title character to the ball become cinderella's true sidekicks. the mice jaq and gus are the main sidekicks, and their own nemesis being the stepmother's cat lucifer. their antics intertwine generally with the main fairy-tale plot, and are for the most part wonderful. admittedly, the film does slow down a bit between the main introduction of the characters and shortly before the stepsisters depart for the ball, but after this slowdown, the film really gets going again and surprisingly (since "cinderella" is the most worn down story of all time, probably) ends up as one of the most involving disney stories.the animation and art direction is lovely. all of the legendary nine old men animated on this picture, and mary blair's colour styling and concept art (she also did concept art and colour styling for "alice in wonderland", "peter pan", "the three caballeros" and many many others) manage to wiggle their way on screen. the colours and designs are lovely, especially in the fairy godmother and ball scenes, as well as in those pretty little moments here and there.overall, "cinderella" ranks as one of the best disney fairy-tales and comes recommended to young and all that embodies the disney philosophy that dreams really can come true.

walt disney & his 9 old men put their own 1950 spin on the classic fairy tale of cinderella, which i guess you could say helps form an unofficial "fairy tale princess trilogy" from the classic disney years.the plot: cinderella is a nice girl who can't catch a break. she is the daughter of a nice, wealthy widower who loved her dearly, but her mother passed away when cinderella was very young, and cindy's father felt she needed a mother figure, so he eventually married the woman who would become known as lady tremaine, herself a widow with two daughters about the same age as cinderella, anastasia and drizella. at first they all seemed to get along, but then cinderella's father died, and lady tremaine's true nature was revealed - she was a cold, cruel, callous, heartless, mean spirited woman, and she passed those traits on to her daughters, who were spoiled, bratty, and equally mean spirited. anastasia & drizella hate cinderella because they know deep down that she's better looking and an overall nicer, more attractive lady than themselves (i.e., more appealing to men), and their mother, lady tremaine, hates cindy for pretty much the same reasons. as the years passed lady tremaine began to squander the family fortunes in a stubborn but futile quest to improve/refine her awkward, unattractive daughters (to call them "homely" would be an insult to homely people everywhere) while all three relegated cinderella to being the multi-tasking servant of the house, abusing her, mistreating her and humiliating her every chance they get (they are particularly fond of increasing her already absurd workload). that brings us to cinderella in the present, where she has blossomed into a good looking young lady who somehow manages to remain kind hearted and nice despite her abusive step family and holds on to the hope that one day the tables will turn in her favor. cinderella gets her shot at freedom & happiness when a royal ball is held to introduce the local prince to an eligible young maiden so that he can take her as a wife, settle down, start a family, etc. naturally, her step family tries to keep her from attending, even going so far as to physically assault her and rip up the dress she had procured for herself (with a little help from her mice friends - the dress belonged to her biological mother). finally pushed beyond her breaking point, cinderella runs out into the courtyard and cries in despair. it is at that point that her fairy godmother, a short, plump, jolly woman, arrives and provides cinderella with transportation and a transformed dress (after all, cinderella wouldn't make a very good impression at the ball if she entered the scene looking like she had just gotten gang raped). cindy arrives at the ball, the prince falls hard for her, but that pesky midnight rule gets in the way, forcing her to flee, but leaving behind a glass slipper. make a long story short - after a long harrowing quest to find the mystery girl via trying on the glass slipper, cinderella is found and she and the prince get married, giving her the happy ending she deserves.overall, an enjoyable disney classic. not without its flaws, the most glaring of which is that the prince is little more than a macguffin to help push the plot along - he has very little screen time and even less dialogue, so we never get to know him very well or get a good look at his relationship with cinderella (which is unfortunate since, according to the making of documentary, the prince was originally meant to play a bigger role), and a few additional scenes to help flesh out cinderella herself might have been helpful (there was a song that showed her fantasizing of turning into an army of maids to clean up the house as well as eavesdropping on her step-family post ball to show her amusement at their jealousy, which was cut because walt himself thought it made her look spiteful). still, cinderella herself is a likable enough heroine, even if she is upstaged by her mice friends, and there's a sweetness to the film that is becoming harder to find these days. of course, if this were being made now, cinderella would probably put up more of a struggle against her family during the dress ripping scene and would probably free herself in the climax (either by picking the lock herself or making an impractical yet exciting jump down from her window) but this is beside the point.and for all those who say cinderella sets a bad example for young girls, well, consider this - at least cinderella didn't go around getting publicly drunk and indecently exposed, unlike some modern day "princesses" (you know who i mean).

cinderella was one of the first movies i ever saw, and to me it is timeless. it is a lovely looking film, with gorgeous animation. my favourite animation scene was the dress scene- i just love those mice. the songs are also lovely, not as good as snow white's, but they are a delight to sing, and are reminiscent of tchaikovsky. a dream is a wish and so this is love? are standouts. the characters are also a delight. cinderella is idealistic and strong, and the mice provided great comic relief. the stepsisters were also well done, as well as lucifer. but i loved the stepmother the best, she was really evil, in comparison to a great character in the name of the fairy godmother. it is true, the movie drags slightly, with the antics of the mice, but they were genuinely funny, so i don't care. i don't think it is overrated, underrated don't you mean? it rarely plays on television, but the really bad sequel does on cinemagic on a regular basis. if you want a great cinderella adaptation, try the wonderful ever after, or the lavish slipper and the rose, which isn't as good. but whatever you do, avoid the sequel, which i have the mistake of owning, because you'll thank me. 9/10. bethany cox

"cinderella" is a film about a young girl whose mother passed away and her father remarried. once her father died, cinderella's stepmother became very mean to her and made her do all of the chores around the house, like cleaning up after her two evil stepsisters. one day the king sent out a message to all of the single women to attend the royal ball in honor of his son, to find a wife. of course, cinderella didn't get to go, but her stepsisters did. cinderella was very upset and thought that there was no way she could attend the royal ball, until her fairy godmother appeared. so she did some magic and made cinderella into a beautiful woman, but she had to be back by midnight because that is when the magic changes back. while at the royal ball, cinderella loses track of time and the clock strikes midnight, so she runs out of the palace and loses her glass slipper. then the king orders the duke to find the women who wore that slipper. the duke searched every house, but finally found the women who it belonged to, cinderella.clyde geronimi, wilfred jackson, and hamilton luske directed one of the best animated disney films in 1950. this film is about a magical fairytale. in the beginning of the film cinderella was a servant to her own family and had nobody to love her, but with a little bit of magic her whole life changed around and finally found love.my favorite thing about "cinderella" is the music. when cinderella's fairy godmother appeared doing her magic, she sang the song bibbidi bobbidi boo. when i was a child, it was one of my favorite songs to sing around my house, so i will never forget it. i also loved the part when cinderella and the prince were singing the song so this is love while they were dancing because they realized that they are in love. overall this film was my favorite film when i was a little child because every little girl wants to live a fairy tale life.

out of all the princess stories disney has put out there, cinderella probably has the most enduring appeal. i can't really say why, but for some reason, generation after generation thrusts her to the top of their lists. as a little girl, i wanted nothing more than to be cinderella with her glass slipper- it was my absolute favorite costume.honestly, i don't think there is any story that more realizes the longings of the human heart than cinderella. who has never wanted to run away from the drudgeries of daily life and find someone who sees you as no one else ever had? the story is older than the english language and somehow it still rings true.as for the characters, if nothing else, disney can make a wonderful villain. lady tremaine is evil to the t, in a wonderfully calculating, not overtly physical way. her cutting tongue and eyes do the work for her- she doesn't need staffs of lightening to strike fear into your heart. the animal friends tend to grate, especially that idiotic gus. i would have cheered had he met his fate in lucifer's jaws. cinderella herself was no pushover- making some justly catty remarks at times. however, she just lacked the drive to make her entirely sympathetic. sure, she was nice and fed animals, but what was keeping her at that place? we never know. even if she only became a maid in another house, at least she's be getting paid and have a shot at respect. it seems the only reason things work out in the end for cindy is that everything sort of falls to place in her lap. she never works for her dreams that she sings so fondly of.which brings me to the music, which is lovely, as ever. ilene woods has a lovely, rich voice, probably my favorite of any disney heroine. some big standards originated here- a dream is a wish your heart makes, so this is love, bibbidi bobbidi boo...cinderella is a wonderful heartfelt story with a ton of musical highlights. while it is lacking in some character development, it does provide some classic villains and excellent voice work. if you are feeling sick at heart, pop it in- it'll warm you up and make you hum mmm mmm good!quote of the film:-surprise! surprise! -duh duh duh- happy birthday!

when it comes down to fairy tales, cinderella was the one that made you cry the most. poor cinderella is a girl who had her whole life stolen by 2 evil and ugly stepsisters and a slave-driving step-mother. and thanks to mr. walt disney, we got to witness cinderella in animation.before the story begins, cinderella and her father are lonely, and rich beyond their needs. to share his wealth and to give his daughter some sisters, cinderella's dad marries a woman, but then dies soon after. the stepmother, only seeing dollar signs in her eyes and slavery in her gorgeous step-daughter, cinderella.so for many days, cinderella is a slave to her step-mother and her step-sisters. she has hope however, thanks to her friends, the mice of the home (sounds like cinderella wasn't playing with a full deck.) she has hope that one day she'll find her prince. the chance eventually comes when the prince of the kingdom needs a girlfriend.9/10

cinderella is a beautiful film, with beautiful songs of course. in fact, it's one of the best films of the 1950's.i think all the characters are portrayed amazingly. you can see the cruelness of cinderella's stepsisters and her stepmother, the sweetness of cinderella. the mice are funny and sweet too.i think they changed the tale a bit, but i think it's for the best. it's such a nice film, and i don't think anyone could resist it deep down.i give it a 8/10. i don't think it's the best disney film. but it sure is a true classic.

cinderella is one of disney's greatest films, one of those films i think you appreciate more the older you get. disney creates a magical adaptation of the classic fairytale. i consider the film to have been the greatest of his films at the time of its release. the characters became more dimensional than earlier films, creating more depth to appreciate the characters more. cinderella herself is, in my opinion, one of the greatest characters disney ever created. with her kindness and dash of dry humor, she is extremely likeable; however, it is the inspiration she provides which makes her memorable. like many people she is an endless dreamer, and she holds onto her dreams, never giving up. even in the most adverse of situations, her dreams endure, and she won't let anyone take that away from her. her example should serve as inspiration to everyone, and encouragement to never let go of your dreams.

any child old enough to sit up in front of a screen will be absolutely captivated by the beautifully drawn images and wonderful music in this heartfelt and humorous re-write of the grimms' fairytale. they'll be singing 'bibbity-bobbity-boo' before they can even formulate a complete sentence and will continue singing it till their dying days. it is a classic for all children, especially those adults who are young at heart.

***might not consider this having a spoiler, but i'd rather be cautious than careless*** i never saw this movie when i was little. i fell in love with it the first time i saw it with my three year old daughter. i can watch it over and over again.for the little acting ilene woods did in her lifetime, she was a wonderful voice for cinderella; very appealing; very believable. the music really fit the movie perfectly. the acting was great; loved the mice!! you really "hated" lady tremain and the step-sisters; they were just awful. the cartoonists depicted the spoiled behavior very well.this is a wonderful movie, especially if you are into love stories. my daughter has seen the movie about 25 times and still gets excited at the end.

the 12th animated disney classic is a reasonable movie told through a simple story. even though a little dated, it deserves a place in the list of disney classics.it's not among disney's top works, but is satisfying. one of disney's most "simple" works, yes, but keeps a certain magic and enchantment (which old disney is well known for). this was an important movie because it saved disney from a delicate situation. if this was a failure, there wouldn't be any more disney animated classics."cinderella" is somehow like a return to disney's 1st animated classic ("snow white and the seven dwarfs") because it brings back the fairy tale genre. it's not clear where the story takes place, but i suppose it's somewhere in france because this is based in a tale by charles perrault.there are plenty of likable characters, such as cinderella, the prince, bruno (the dog), jaques and gus (the two main mice), the fairy godmother (for a fairy she sure is funny), the birds, the king and the grand duke.jaques is very smart and amusing. i love his voice. really has that mouse-like quality. gus might not be that smart, but he's humorous.the king is hilarious, but i think that what makes him so funny is his short temper. the grand duke is a very cool chap and funny too. they're two of my favorite characters in this film and responsible for many of the most amusing moments.the prince is certainly one of the most charming in disney. no doubt that prince philip from "sleeping beauty" was inspired on this prince, because they are very similar-looking.on the other hand, lady tremaine (the stepmother) isn't supposed to be likable because she's cold, jealous, bitter and cruel. her daughters (anastacia and drizella) aren't much better than her. however, the stepmother isn't as annoying as her ugly and selfish daughters. cinderella, the main character, has nothing to do with them. cinderella is gentle, kind, pretty and lovable. by the way, i think her beautiful pink dress is much nicer than the one given by the fairy godmother.lucifer (the cat) is hilariously malicious. the way he walks, sticking up his nose in the air and those arrogant and snobbish facial expressions make him funny. ironically he's very much like the stepmother when it comes to personality. he always agrees with the stepmother's attitudes towards cinderella. lucifer has the right name for him because he's such a devilish and mean cat. yet, there's nothing annoying about him.the soundtrack is simple but pleasant, although not among disney's best. the best song in this movie is "bibiddi bobiddi boo".there are plenty of well known talented voice actors in this, such as james macdonald, marion darlington, eleanor audley, verna felton and luis van rooten.despite being simple-looking, the movie has good artwork, as well as its nice details, although never something "out-of-this-world". however, the king's palace is a spectacular masterpiece, being truly majestic and colossal.

we watched this on "the wonderful world of disney" on abc last night, and i came to the conclusion that things must be tighter there at "the mouse" than usual. since this movie only runs 74 minutes, and they had to pad it out to 2 hours of broadcast television time, they had, and i'm not making this up, commercial breaks that lasted 6 to 7 minutes. and during these commercial breaks, they had another advertisement in the guise of a "tv show" hosted by the oh-so-annoying kelly rippa that loudly proclaimed the magical wonders of "cinderella 2: dreams come true".again and again, break after break, disney took time out of the real movie to tell us, the loyal viewers, that we needed to get a copy of the sequel. thank you, disney, for doing us the service of creating a sequel to your beloved gem of a movie.anyway, all this commercialism and cash-register-ringing made it a difficult task to get into the actual movie of "cinderella", because by the time the commercials were over, i had forgotten where the story had left off.but of course, the original "cinderella" still maintains its magic, and the story is still a good one, though we've all seen it countless times. it's a shame they had to cheapen it with all the marketing for what looks to be a lame follow-up.

cinderella....i hadn't watched this film for about five years the last time i saw it. the magic remains. there is something that definitely contains that storybook feel, the songs entertain and the secondary character's all please. the villains in the form of step sisters are perfectly evil and vile. then there is the most magical of all disney, the mice making the dress and well you know the rest. to sum up the four of the disney princess movies are all great but this is a charming magical experience, watch and enjoy. oh and of course, cinderella is wonderful as the main character in the movie.if you think about it disney movies can really lost their charm. with elene wood and others the movie has such a feel to it, you simply can't help but smilethey say the moral of this story is that dreams come true. of course in the real world some are believers others are hoper's. in this film it's even more the magical when her rainbow comes smiling. and of course the rest is...cinderella

walt disney's cinderella takes a story everybody's familiar with and embellishes it with humor and suspense, while retaining the tale's essential charm. disney's artists provide the film with an appealing storybook look that emanates delectable fairy tale atmosphere. it is beautifully, if conventionally, animated; the highlight being the captivating scene where the fairy godmother transforms a pumpkin into a majestic coach and cinderella's rags to a gorgeous gown. mack david, al hoffman, and jerry livingston provide lovely songs like "a dream is a wish your heart makes" and "bibbidi-bobbidi-boo" that enhance both the scenario and the characters.even though cinderella's story is predictable, it provides such thrilling melodrama that one shares the concerns and anxieties of the titular heroine and her animal friends. both the wicked stepmother and her dreadful cat lucifer present a formidable menace that threatens the dreams and aspirations of cinderella and the mice. it is this menace that provides the story with a strong conflict that holds the viewers' interest. the film's suspense, however, is nicely balanced by a serene sweetness, especially in the musical numbers. it is in these segments that reveal the appealing personalities of cinderella and her friends, moving the viewers to care for them. overall, walt disney's cinderella is wonderful family entertainment that has held up remarkably well after half a century.

as a young boy, i always sort of hated "cinderella," since i was outvoted by my two sisters when my parents were considering what disney movie to buy. i wanted "dumbo," but my sisters won out, and we got "cinderella." they thoroughly enjoyed the movie while i sulked in the back of the room playing with my star wars action figures.a lot has changed since then. my love of the disney theme parks landed me an internship at walt disney world, and i now have two young nieces. i like to showcase disney to them as much as i can, and we recently watched "cinderella" together. with my newfound appreciation for all that is disney, i watched "cinderella" with a new perspective and was impressed with what i saw.from the beginning of the movie, though, i didn't quite understand why cinderella was trapped in such a horrible predicament. why was she such a slave to her stepfamily, and why couldn't she just run away? i wasn't too sympathetic to cinderella, but as the story progressed, i found myself becoming immersed in the story. maybe the eye-catching animation or the fun-loving characters drew me in, or maybe it was the timeless songs. listening to songs like "bibbidy-bobbidy-boo" and "a dream is a wish your heart makes" sort of whisked me back to the theme parks. i can picture myself in that carefree and fun atmosphere while looking at the awe-inspiring cinderella castle.something about this movie just evokes the magic of disney. that may make many people scoff, but go to the magic kingdom and see all the little girls dressed up like cinderella that are excited to be in this fantasy world, and you'll know what i'm talking about. the images of cinderella and the glass slipper - as well as mickey mouse, winnie the pooh, and tinkerbell - embody why disney is one of the most beloved companies in the entire world.while "cinderella" may not be the strongest story, it is sort of iconic in disney and movie history. it represents that fun, idealistic, and fantasy-like wonderment we held when we were kids. i imagine this movie holds a lot of meaning to many, many people out there. it may not be my favorite disney movie, but it does represent all that i love and admire about the company.my imdb rating: 10/10. my yahoo! grade: a (outstanding)

cinderella takes me back, when i was a little girl i loved the princesses of disney. cinderella was one of my favorites because i always was so enchanted by the story. any child or family members will enjoy this wonderful and magical story.we have cinderella who is a beautiful girl enslaved by her wicked step mother and ugly step sisters. she cleans and cooks for them without ever receiving thanks. the only friends she has in the world are the mice in the attic that are so charming and musical. when the ladies receive an invitation to the king's ball to find a lady for his son, the prince, a.k.a. prince charming, they all get excited, cinderella overhears the exciting news and asks if she could come too. her step mother makes a false promise and says if she does her chores and such, she can come too. of course, she doesn't keep her promise and destroys a beautiful dress she and the mice made for the ball. leaving poor cinderella behind, a wonderful thing happens, cinderella's fairy god mother appears and creates a beautiful dress and carriage out of things from around the house and even makes the mice and horses into elegant horses and a driver for the carriage. when the prince sees cinderella at the ball, he has fallen hard for her. all the ladies are jealous, including her step mother and sisters. but cinderella must return home at midnight when the spell is broken, all she leaves behind is her glass slipper. the next day the prince is on a hunt to find this girl who fits the slipper and is making a stop at cinderella's house where her step mother has found out about her night and locks her in her room. can she escape in time to tell the prince that it was her at the ball? you'll just have to find out. trust me, this is a true disney classic with beautiful animation and classic music that is so charming. you can't help but fall in love with this masterpiece. a dream is a wish your heart makes, this movie captures everything a girl could want.9/10

people criticise disney's animated features of the 1950s for being overly glossy, set in landscapes that are much too pristine. that criticism is just. and yet it can't be the whole story, because the two least glossy - "alice in wonderland" and "peter pan" - are also the weakest. "cinderella", on the other hand, set in a world in which the very dirt sparkles, is clearly the best.it does look good. the backgrounds are subtle and consistent; the colours are pure without being too bright. the animation varies a bit. i'll swear that some of the humans are rotoscoped - but then, the rotoscoped humans (including cinderella herself) aren't full-blooded characters in the script, so this approach works well enough. it's really the animals that make the movie. i think the studio had never quite used animals in this way before, as totems rather than sidekicks. the mice, for instance, are the creatures who draw us into the story; but they are really representatives or allies of the more colourless cinderella. the cat, lucifer, is a kind of witch's familiar to the wicked stepmother. (the cat is brilliantly conceived and animated - one of the best feline creations of all time. the supervising animator was ward kimball and he modelled it on his own cat. i wonder how he put up with the animal.) this approach allows the animals to steal the show without drawing our attention from the main story. their actions are of maximum interest only in the light of the main story.among the supporting cast the notable humans are the king and the grand duke. the king is a one note character - he wants grandchildren and appears to have no other desires at all - but the note is struck in a pleasing fashion. the grand duke is a put-upon character who deserves to be lifted out of his sphere as much as cinderella does. (although he, of course, is richer.)"cinderella" is disney's return to features after an eight-year hiatus, and neither with it nor with any subsequent movie would he recapture the raw brilliance of his early years. moreover he made things hard for himself by picking "cinderella". she's a passive heroine and there's not much anyone can do about that. (maybe i'm wrong on this score - i haven't seen the recent "ever after".) nonetheless it is remarkable how successful disney was in bringing this unpromising story to life, without cutting across the grain of its spirit.

legendary movie producer walt disney brought three of the world's greatest fairy tales to the screen. they remain among the most popular animated films of all time. the first was his groundbreaking classic "snow white and the seven dwarfs" released in 1937. the last was the then-under appreciated "sleeping beauty" which made it's debut in 1959. in between these two was perhaps his most satisfying adaptation of a classic fairy tale: "cinderella" (1950). of the three films, "cinderella" is the one most faithful to its origins. ironically, unlike "snow white", which for better or worse, became for many the definitive version of the story. "cinderella" did not follow the same path. although it was a hit and, like "snow white", was responsible for restoring the dwindling disney fortunes, it never achieved the same audience recognition which it certainly deserved. disney, for once, did himself proud, electing not to tamper with a classic, instead elaborating and adding substance to the tale, rather than rewriting it for the screen. the result was enchanting. a combination of superb animation (in beautifully soft technicolor) and the perfect voice talents brought the story to life with a radiance that endures to this day. ilene woods, who was a radio performer, recorded demonstration discs of the songs as a favor to the authors of the material, al hoffman, mack david, and jerry livingston. when disney heard them, he knew he had found his cinderella. and indeed he had. woods heartfelt renditions of "a dream is a wish your heart makes", "so this is love" and "oh sing sweet nightingale" are perfect. eleanor audley, who would go on to voice maleficent in "sleeping beauty", masterfully captured the icy cruelty of the stepmother, while rhoda williams and lucille bliss were convincingly nasty stepsisters. luis van rooten admirably performed as both the king and the grand duke, and james macdonald was endearing as both jaq and gus, cinderella's devoted mice. william phipps has little dialog as the prince (future talk show host mike douglas provided his singing voice) but film (and disney) veteran, verna felton was born to play the fairy godmother, and she made the best number, (the oscar-nominated "bibbidi-bobbidi-boo") her own show-stopper. among the artists responsible for the "look" of the film, was mary blair, whose inspired use of color was greatly admired by disney. her elegant french-period backgrounds add tremendously to the quality of the movie. but, most important of all' are the believable characters--from cinderella, right down to lucifer, the stepmother's deliciously evil cat. they bring both life and vibrancy to the often told story, something very difficult to create in an animated film.in conjunction with the film's 55-year anniversary, (and, not so coincidentally, the coming holiday season) "cinderella" has just been released on a special edition dvd. it simply has never looked better. the fully restored film must be seen to be appreciated--suffice it to say, it looks wonderful. an enhanced stereo soundtrack has been added, and serves the music well. the dvd extras, now a standard part of disney platinum editions, are too numerous to list here, but as usual, some are directed towards children, some are slanted to adults, and the rest fall somewhere in between. but real fans will want to get the deluxe gift set, because, along with an actual cell from the film and eight character sketches, it includes a 160-page hardback book, which not only incorporates most of the material found in the book with the 1995 special edition home video release, but much more as well. as usual for disney, "cinderella" will only be available for a limited time. so, if like me, you are a "cinderella" lover, get it now! this edition is truly a "dream come true."

despite what the title may imply, "pigs is pigs" does not star porky pig. rather, it features a young swine with an appetite more insatiable than john belushi's character in "animal house". his mother repeatedly scolds him, but it does no good. so much so that he goes to another house where a deranged scientist force-feeds him more than any mere mortal can handle (but there's a surprise at the end).i would mostly say that this cartoon seemed like a place holder in between the really great cartoons (daffy duck debuted three months after this came out). but make no mistake about it, they do some neat things here. the whole force-feeding sequence looks more relevant today, given the obesity epidemic overtaking our country.anyway, not the greatest cartoon, but worth seeing.

having just finished cronicles of the heroic knight mere minutes ago i find myself extremely please but questions still loom over me. while it would appear that the first 7 episodes or so are actually a retelling of the events of the first record of lodoss war the truth is that they really aren't. it would appear that the creator of cothk had a different vision as to how the original ended (and that may be the reason that the first 7 episodes occur) but i do not find that to be the case. cothk does say it starts 5 years after the war of heros which parn was a part of. i think the director made the first 5 episodes seem so much like a recap of the original just to give the viewer a small reminder and an introduction to characters and their deeds done because they appear much less after the series kicks into spark's story. now, once the series does kick into spark's portion we find ourselves kicked up another 10 years (15 years now since the war of heros). spark and his crew do, in some cases, resemble parn and his crew once the journey kicks into gear, especially the love story that brews between spark and neese. i also thought several times throughout cothk that i threw in the original series and if it wasn't for spark's long blue hair i know i would've pressed stop more than once to make sure the right disc was in. by no means do i consider these major set backs however, the writers did a fine job in crafting believable characters and a remarkable storyline. the only thing that makes me hurt is that ashram and wagnard return. ummmm... how??? don't get me wrong both are great villains even though ashram's only villainous trait is that he supports the marmo. perhaps i missed something during the coarse of the series that explained that part. as far as sequels go though, i highly recommend cothk. i place both cothk and, even more so, the original record of lodoss war far above the lord of the rings trilogy. both of these are more epic than anything i've ever seen or read. i highly recommend this.

no, this isn't a sequel to the fabulous ova series, but rather a remake of the events that occurred after the death of ghim (and the disappearance of woodchuck). it is also more accurate to the novels that inspired this wonderful series, which is why characters (namely orson and shiris) are reintroduced, and why the story may seem slightly different to those used to the ova. (the booklet included in the set provides excellent answers to such questions, as do various online sites.) the first eight episodes of this 27-part tv series focus on the fateful battle at demon dragon mountain. the remaining 19 episodes introduce us to spark, a blue-haired knight wannabe who identifies with parn, and his ragtag team of misfits as they attempt to stop the dark wizard wagnard from resurrecting kardis the destroyer.while it isn't quite the equivalent of the original lodoss war (we all love the finale where parn saves deedlit from wagnard, don't we?), this tv follow-up is still great fun for fantasy fans. even if the animation is limited (and a step down from the artistic streak of the first lodoss), this 27-part series has its elements of appeal. the fully-realized characters, engaging storyline, magic, romance, and a superb soundtrack scored by kaoru wada of ninja scroll, all give this uneven spin-off some punch.while the ova dub of lodoss has been criticized for one reason or another, i generally liked it and still consider it one of my favorite dubs. so i had significant hopes for the dub for chronicles, made in 1999-2000. for the most part, the lodoss tv english track is of passable (if not stellar) quality; it does, however, have its share of problems. much of the original cast who lent their english voices to the characters of lodoss return (including lisa ortiz as deedlit!), which is a nice bonus. on the other hand, billy regan's more mature sounding parn is a bit offputting. he doesn't do a bad job, but his voice came across as grating for the first eight episodes (causing some anti-dub fans to instantly diss the dub), but by the time spark and company take the stage, i found it less bothersome. (i don't know if it's because he improved or if it just grew on me.) also, not everyone from the oav dub returns. jayce reeves only voices wagnard (terrifically) for one episode; he's replaced by pete zarustica for the whole show, who gives a scratchy, but still malevolent turn (as well as the expected evil laughter). anthony cruise's kashue, on the other hand, is too weary and takes about five or so episodes to find his stride. oliver gregory is probably the most effective as orson, especially during his final dramatic scenes.aside from lisa ortiz (deedlit), karen smith (shiris), john knox (ashram), and al muscari (slayn), the dub's best voices come from some of the newer characters, including crispin freeman (spark, maar, garrack -episodes 16-27-), roxanne beck (little neese), meg frances (who voices pirotess in the oav but also voices ryna with vulnerability and sassiness as well as karla) and especially angora deb (who steals every scene she's in as leaf the half-elf). the rest of the cast isn't terrible by any means, but a little more uneven than the oav dub. some are all right (aldonova, greevus) while others are lackluster (hobb, palace guards, dragons, etc.) and few were awful (in particular, prince reona's va is too harsh and monotone for a fighter of justice).in fact the lack of aural continuity (some cast members get new voices for some unexplained reason by the time we get to some of the later episodes) is one of the problems of the dub. others include less memorable and more awkward sounding dialogue, uneven synchronization, and finally (i apologize in advance to the fans of this) the lodoss island segments. these offbeat, super-deformed interludes at the end of each episode will either amuse or drive you batty. admittingly, i at first found them to be a major nuisance, but they sorta grew on me after a while. (besides, there are some showstoppingly hilarious lines such as "i'm king kashue, and this is my cashew! i'm really quite a nut!") these flaws rank the dub for chronicles just a notch just below that for the ova, resulting in an uneven english track summed up best as "ok".if one wonders if the japanese language track is the preferred listening choice, well, guess what? the japanese version has its good and bad points, too. while some voices are less annoying than the english language track, i found others to be less appealing than the english equivalents (in particular, the actress who does deedlit is nowhere nearly as good as lisa ortiz or yumi tohma). plus, i should mention that the japanese cast is not the same as the ova. because the series was made seven years after the original, all but one (sho hayami) of the cast members are replaced by new ones. although they do a respectably good job, it may be a major annoyance for those who were used to the japanese ova cast. shows that not everything in japanese is better than english, eh? despite its flaws, chronicles of the heroic knight is still a fine series which deserves to hold its own ground. its not without its rough spots and doesn't always live up to its predecessor, yet there's enough good points to counter the bad, making this a moderately enjoyable fantasy anime.

there is no director i like more than mamoru oshii. but sadly, even though he directed quite a few films that gained huge international attention, there are still a fair few of his films that have slipped through the cracks. tachiguishi is one of them, and even though i loved it to bits, it's not hard to see why distributors in the west are somewhat reluctant to release it.in between his big and serious films, oshii is known to do some smaller and quirkier projects. while tachiguishi definitely falls into this category, oshii has really outdone himself with this one, creating something that is very hard to classify, even as a freaky japanese flick. go figure.at its very core lies a documentary not quite unlike otaku no video. but rather than make a fool of an existing subculture, oshii invents his own and delves into the lives of culinary heroes, scrounging away food for free and upholding the japanese culinary level. oshii's approach on the subject has close ties with dai-nipponjin, as the subject is handled with a deadly sense of gravity while the images on screen look as ridiculous as can be. deadpan humor taken to the extreme.but that is not all, rather than simply shooting his mockumentary oshii decided to make it using a new visual technique baptized superlivemation. a weird mix of live action, photography, digital animation and puppets on a stick. performed and acted out (or posed, if you want) by the greats of the japanese animation industry no less, as the project was supposed to be as low-budget as possible.and if you think that just about covers it, know that the film is extremely dialogue-heavy, making it a good companion piece for innocence. the influence of the grifters is analyzed from all kinds of cultural, political and even philosophical angles, fired at the audience through a continuous stream of monologues and dialogues. and to make it even worse, the whole film is completely grounded in actual japanese history and customs, making it even harder for a foreigner to get a good grip on the material. needless to say, multiple viewings are advised to make the best of all the details tucked away inside the film.that said, on a conceptual level the film is easy to follow and already pretty hilarious. various grifters are introduced as were they the most influential historical figures of post-war japan. the film plays like you'd expect a serious documentary of any other important figure to unfold, but somehow the big and crudely animated cut-out photography limbs of which figures are assembled don't quite make it all that serious. the range of characters introduced is sublime, shinji higuchi taking the cake as cow-creature wearing a nose ring while taking on the fast-food chains with his gang of bull/people.oshii regular kenji kawai provides, besides a pretty comical performance, a score ranging from atmospheric and dark to wacky, strange and comical. a lot of fun is to be had from the exaggerated noises and effects, complementing the animation and totally contradicting the tone of the rest of the film.visually the film is very atmospheric, though it must be said that the animation is pretty scarce and while effective, remains toned down, only to burst out in hyperactive weirdness from time to time. which is not exactly a bad thing, seeing how tachiguishi is so dialogue-heavy. despite that, the film is still a visual masterpiece as each frame looks absolutely lush and is tailored to match and improve the general atmosphere of the film.beware though, because tachiguishi does demand a lot from the viewer. if you don't speak japanese, there is a lot of reading to be done and there are many cultural references that demand some attention. on top of that, the monologues in the film area quite extended and can be hard to follow. the film still lacks english subtitles and even though my french was largely sufficient to get what it was all about, i'm sure i missed many of the finer points of the film.tachiguishi is not an easy film to get into, but around halfway through it reaches full steam and it doesn't let off from there on. i still hope to see this one again with english or dutch subs. a dub would actually be best for a film like this (much like container), though i guess a quality anime dub is a bit too much to ask for.with all of that said, i can only congratulate oshii on another marvelous film. it's rare to find a film that blends and mixes so many styles and influences to create something that is so unique and still works. the film is smart, looks and sounds great and is filled to the brim with creativity. it is immensely funny, even if you can't catch all the details on the first viewing. but be sure to at least get this with decent subs, as the automated english translation that is floating out there is completely worthless and does the film no justice at all.tachiguishi caters to a very specific audience and i'm not surprised the french got their release while the rest of europe (and the rest of the western world) is still waiting for a sign of this film. but for those that like oshii, appreciate dry and deadpan humor and crave creative spirits, it is a film that cannot be missed, even though it could just as well misfire. 4.5*/5.0*

a documentary without a loss for words... ever...let us assume that the narration is more than a spoof, let us assume it is a commentary on japanese society. and as this film is as fast paced an absurdist documentary as they come, the constant wordplay, as fast is it goes, and as poorly translated as it is-- in its current festival screener version as seen tonight at the copenhagen cinematek-- it is still quite enjoyable. but for the patient, and only the truly patient and open-minded, i'm talking to you jim jarmusch fans with add relapses, i believe this is a film for you. it's an intelligent film if you allow it to win you over.quite beautiful, and quite kitsch, and quite japanese sub-culture. and quite experimental. static 2d in a 3d world. all in all, fun for those that want to see a japanese film that spoofs japanese food culture. a thumbs up if you're in the mood for something completely different.

tachigui: the amazing lives of the fast-food grifters japanese title: tachiguishi retsudendirector: mamoru oshii featuring: toshio suzuki, mako hyodo, kenji kawai, shinji higuchi, katsuya terada narrated by koichi yamadera ----------------------------------------way back in 1995, mamoru oshii unleashed his dazzling animation feature ghost in the shell, which helped consolidate anime's international acceptance - and also burrowed itself into andy and larry wachowski's overall concept for the matrix.the movie's sequel, innocence (2004), was the inaugural japanese animated film to compete for the palme d'or at cannes, and it left heads spinning as much for its style and innovative effects as for its oft unfathomable plot.always the trendsetter, oshii has now presented us with tachigui: the amazing lives of the fast-food grifters – which has absolutely nothing to do with ghost in the shell, nor japanese anime for that matter.say hello to oshii's creation "superlivemation": not quite animation, nor exactly live-action. instead the cast endured somewhere in the vicinity of 30,000 snapshots, which were digitally processed and reconstituted in a deceptively simple paper cut-out fashion reminiscent of balinese puppetry. the movement itself is a stilted, stop-motion style that echoes sequences from shinya tsukamoto's experimental tetsuo: iron man (1988)."i couldn't think of any method but this one," said oshii in a recent interview with the daily yomiuri. "i realized that this project was not suitable for traditional animation."the cast choice is equally enigmatic. kenji kawai - who also composed the superlative soundtrack - appears as a ravenous burger fanatic, while renowned studio ghibli producer toshio suzuki spends his screen time being murdered in bizarre fashion. others include katsuya terada, who dabbled with oshii on blood: the last vampire, and shinji higuchi - a special effects whiz who's worked on godzilla movies.koichi yamadera's narration sounds like the stuff of a dry nhk documentary – which belies the comic undertone here as well as yamadera's extensive career voicing stoic anime characters like spike siegel in cowboy bebop.and the plot itself is a bizarre re-imagining of post-wwii japan in the context of various fast-food off-shoots - from soba ramen shops to gyudon stand-up bars; american dogs in the heat-up trays of convenience stores to mcdonalds- inspired burger-chain restaurants. "food is a primal root of desire," asserted oshii, by way of explanation. thrown into the mix is a new breed of consumer: the fast-food grifters of the title, people who don't like to pay for their tucker and are constantly fine-tuning their elaborate scams to score free munchies. oshii said his ulterior motive was homage to the "art" of eating food on the streets – something still considered a bit of a taboo in this country, and which goes some way toward explaining the use of "tachigui" in the title.the director of live-action movies (avalon, stray dog) as well as animation, oshii has often blurred the definition between the two mediums. the celluloid result here is deposited somewhere in the grey area between both formats.at times the visual experiment here is as exhilarating as it can be irritating. just don't ask what it's all really supposed to mean; oshii's films, which are equal parts cerebral and innovative, are often not particularly clear story-wise. where oshii succeeds is via a liberal dose of black humor – here you'll find kentucky fried rat, death by hula-hoop, the world's fastest samurai burger chef – and in the movie's very nature of surrealism.this is a man who defers to the influence of filmmakers like godard and truffaut, and perhaps owes as much to andrei tarkovsky as he does david lynch. so it shouldn't come as any surprise that at one stage a b-52 bomber does a fly- through in a yoshinoya look-alike franchise. the 54-year-old writer-director seemed to think this natural. "the japan i depicted in the movie may not necessarily be faithful to reality," he suggested.of course. --------------by andrez bergen

some people think that the second series was where scooby was ruined..i disagree totally.the shows quality did not go up or down and scrappy ,win my opinion,as a very good chrecter.i looked at a poll on jumpedtheshark.com and 72% of people said scrappys second series was scoobys downfall.ok so loads said yes but 28%still cant be wrong.i do like the way most of the episodes focused on comedy.i believe the show would have gone rubbish if it was the same 5 people/dog solving mystery in same formula.scrappy was a breath of fresh air to the show.sure,some people tuned out but when scrappy was introduced viewing figures doubled.back to the show.all the episodes and segments were very funny.i was intriguded by the yabba shorts and .but at the end of the day its a matter of opinion if you like scrappy or not is a matter of opinion,there is certainly no fact involved.but in my opinion this was a superb series that gave a beginning to tire show a new formula and lease of life.nuff said.

this was actually my favorite series of scooby doo when i was younger. i thought each episode had more of an edge to it and the villains had a lot of creative thought put into them (and even very scary and believable as well). some of the best episodes were "i left my neck in san francisco", "twenty thousand screams under the sea", "the ghoul, the bat and the ugly" and "when you wish upon a star creature". if you have never seen these episodes please do. this series was a bit of a mixed bag though as there were other episodes which didn't seem to have the same kind of edge to them such as "rocky mountain yiiii!" and "the ransom of scooby chief". as like the series before it, it was very well put together, interesting storyline and brilliantly drawn. as everyone says though, it would have been so much better without scrappy doo. the character was tiresome and distracting to the story that was being told.

this show started out with great mystery episodes. i think everyone is in the first 15 or 16 episodes. after that, the show started playing short episodes with shaggy, scooby doo, and scrappy doo.i think hanna barbera productions had to change 20 minutes episodes into short episodes. some of the voice actors became unavailable. after 15 or 16 episodes, frank welker (who played fred) became unavailable. i think the voice of velma changes after first 12 episodes, because the first voice actress who played velma was unavailable.and the network ordered the hanna barbera studio to make more shorts with shaggy, scooby doo, and scrappy doo, because the ratings were high. so they had to make more shorts. i wish they were mysteries like 15 episodes. still it is a good show.

i love this movie/short thing. jason steele is amazing! my favorite parts are the french song and in the opening title when the spatula soldier yells " spoons!" i crack up every time. i would recommend this movie to knox klaymation fans, and people who enjoy jason steele's other movies. his style of animation is very original. it takes a few views to notice the detailed backgrounds. his humor is also hilarious, and is definitely not something you'd hear before. like max the deformed spatula who has a sound and light system in his head that beams colorful lights and happy music whenever he talks about his miserable life. this is a wonderful animation to watch anytime any where.

i've never seen many online movies in most of my life, but if i'd pick any of them, i'd pick spatula madness, a clever reference to most movies like star trooper (etc.), using a camera, and wits of steel, jason steele mastered the art of turning a normal image into a painting, and then putting it all together with frame-by-frame animation to get a world inhabited by spatulas. the story begins at the middle, hows that for directors delight? then the middle is at the beginning, and so on, when i first watched it, i expected a soggy pixely look, but jason, like me, loves looks, so took every detail to the max. although i don't recommend it for children, or would anybody besides me like it, but please search it up on the net (its a short film, look up film cow), its style reminds me of south park, but less violent. 10 for the look, 6 for the laughs, and 6 for the story, it all comes to a 10/10, good workjason steele, i'm anxious to see the movie.

i've watched it plenty of times and i'm planning on buying the full feature. i love all of jason steele's comedy. it's very different and unique and is very enjoyable. i love indie films and this one is just great. the plot is strange but very funny. this short film is about a talking spatula named edward. the order of the events are a bit jumbled, making this film very interesting to watch. at first you see edward fighting the spoons, but then the focus changes to earlier in his life. this is a silly movie, but of course, it's still great. i highly recommend that you watch this film at www.spatulamadness.com or www.filmcow.com. it's very funny. the humour may not match everybody's taste but watch anyway. it'll only take 16 minutes of your time, and it's free. go watch spatula madness!

i laughed a lot while watching this. it's an amusing short with a fun musical act and a lot of wackiness. the characters are simple, but their simplicity adds to the humor stylization. the dialog is funny and often unexpected, and from the first line to the last everything just seems to flow wonderfully. there's max, who has apparently led a horrible life. and there's edward, who isn't sure what life he wants to lead. my favorite character was tom, edward's insane boss. tom has a short role but a memorable one. highly recommended for anyone who likes silly humor. and you can find it online now, which is a bonus! i am a fan of all of jason's cartoons and can't wait to see what he comes out with next.

this is a great short. i think every voice is done by jason steele. (you can only just barely tell if you've heard his normal voice though, so don't worry about them sounding the same. they don't.) its about 15 minutes long.edward the spatula is fighting the war against spoons and he meets some weird people. in fact, everyone he knows seem pretty crazy. "edward!" "general peterson, we have to get you to a medical unit!" "no, i'm not gonna make it edward." "dont talk like that, i'm sure you'll be fine." "im a goner edward, and you know it. before i go-" "yes?" "can i just have... one kiss?" "umm, no." "come on, just one, small, peck on the lips?" "im walking away now sir."there's gonna be movie pretty soon. the date for that is in september, but its probably gonna get pushed back.

i know that you've already entered this in film festivals (or at least i think you have, i may just be making that up) but i think this should get "best animated short film" in every one. bravo. i can't wait for the full film. i realize that you may not hear this often enough because of the bizarre nature of your animations, but hear it now and accept it as the truth. kudos, my friend. okay, now i'm just trying to get ten lines of text... though i still mean it. and here comes yet another -shoe!- and i cannot stop here yet. this is extremely annoying and yet at the same time i have nothing better to do. in fact, i'll probably watch all of your movies in yet another spasmodic "jason steele marathon." i do have a lot of those.-r

this film is unusual and bizarre, and it is nearly unusual and bizarre in a very good way. i give this short a 7 just because it is so unique and off-the-wall, but much of the time it seems as though it is being bizarre just for the sake of being bizarre. if the film had managed to integrate its more bizarre moments into some semblance of a plot then it would have been really fantastic.the main problem here is that it looks as though the creators just jumbled together a bunch of crap about spatulas, then threw in a whole bunch more crap that sounded as though it would sound funny coming from the mouth of a spatula.this is definitely worth checking out, but it is not top rate by any stretch of the creators wild imaginations.

this short film that inspired the soon-to-be full length feature - spatula madness - is a hilarious piece that contends against similar cartoons yielding multiple writers. the short film stars edward the spatula who after being fired from his job, joins in the fight against the evil spoons. this premise allows for some funny content near the beginning, but is barely present for the remainder of the feature. this film's 15-minute running time is absorbed by some odd-ball comedy and a small musical number. unfortunately not much else lies below it. the plot that is set up doesn't really have time to show. but it's surely follows it plot better than many high-budget hollywood films. this film is worth watching at least a few times. take it for what it is, and don't expect a deep story.

when you start watching this animation-masterpiece, you quickly notice, that it's a european production. although the europeans have (sadly) integrated some of the clichés you would normally find in an american production of this kind, most are missing. one of these is that there is an overwhelming evil that only our (very few and very unlikely) heroes can vanquish. another is that one of the group is only in the business for the money, is greedy, runs away when the heat is up but somehow gives in to his better nature. this movie would have been better off without both.the movie is based upon a tv-series that was out four years before the movie. unlike the movie, the tv-series is a cartoon and not a computer animation. at first i thought the computer would kill the charm and character of the plot but i was quickliy convinced: whoever did the animation knew his or her stuff! although the characters are obviously fictional (in stills they don't even look real), they seem as alive and sentient as the audience following their quest. making characters who by "normal" standards could be considered deformed (those micro-legs could never carry that giant body let alone make it jump) so alive and lovable is more than "just a highlight"! the creation of the world is another masterpiece. not so much because of its looks but because of the inventiveness of it. the world our heroes travel is not solid like our own but is made of many pieces of land varying in shape and size that seem to be floating in mid air. when a person steps on a smaller fragment of ground, it nods a little bit as if feathering from the weight. in some cases up and down no longer apply but our heroes still manage to get a foothold somewhere. although the world of floating islands is completely surreal, in this movie it is absolutely believable and after a short time it doesn't seem any weirder than running into a car somewhere in new york.i wrote that the looks of the world aren't as breathtaking as the idea. as true as that might be to my mind, the quality of the world, the characters and the attention to details is staggering. although the faces of the characters have relatively few attributes, emotions can be read as clearly as in sean connery's or dustin hoffman's face. the world around the characters is wonderfully colourful and no two settings are alike. the background is always in motion, something is always going on which makes the world seem even more alive. if you stop the movie and look at the background you will be surprised how many details you can find.the existence of hector actually puts the cherry on top. hector is a furry little "thing" (possibly the equivalent of a dog in our world) who is totally lovable and extremely funny. although he isn't really important for the main plot, he would be missed like scrat would be in ice age. the really cool thing about hector is that you need to speak gibberish to understand him.if the movie is so great, why didn't i give it 10 stars? well, the plot in itself was rather thin. two hunters are sent out to rescue the world from a really bad dragon who wants to swallow the world, isn't really original. that in itself wouldn't be much of a problem. what i missed was the background information. what kind of a dragon was this and why did it look that way? i love mythical stories but if they get too thin then they seem to be written after the movie is finished in a feeble attempt to give the whole thing some depth.another thing i didn't like was zoé. although a little girl like her could be considered adorable, she was somewhat of a pain in this movie. she seemed pretty resistant to all types of learning about reality, kept dreaming of some hero from a story book and basically slowed the others down. she would have been ok if she had developed a little more and a little earlier in the movie - or had been less of a girly to start with. to me the idea of this girl who was there to twist the story a little backfired on the writers.all in all, this is a really good movie for just about all ages.

the world of the dragon hunters is a 3d gravity challenged world. planetoids, bits of buildings and strange flat plants float around in the atmosphere while the ground towards most of the characters are falling is nowhere to be seen. it is a world reminiscent of neverending story, when the nothing came to eat the world away.funny enough, the villain here is the world gobbler, as well. this time it is a huge skeleton dragon with fiery eyes. the heroes are a big yet taciturn warrior, an annoying and greedy sidekick managing the entrepreneurial side of the duo and a strange useless animal. they are joined by the most talkative little girl in the world who, to my chagrin, did not die a horrible painful and hopefully early death.the animation is great. the voices and the sounds are top notch. too bad the story is as simple as one can possibly imagine. they go to stop the world gobbler, they reach him almost immediately, they defeat him. the end. no real character development or story twists. not even the ones i would expect from a movie with such a plot.bottom line: it's a cute thing to watch, kids would probably enjoy it, but that's about it. no depth to this world (pun intended).

this is a cgi animated film based upon a french 2d animated series. the series ran briefly on cartoon network, but its run was so brief that its inclusion as one of the potential oscar nominees for best animated film for this year left most people i know going "huh?" this is the story of lian-chu, the kind heart muscle, and gwizdo, the brains of the operation, who along with hector their fire farting dragon,he's more like a dog. travel the world offering up their services as dragon hunters but never getting paid. into their lives comes zoe, the fairy tale loving niece of a king who is going blind. it seems the world is being devoured by a huge monster and all of the knights the king has sent out have never returned or if the do return they come back as ashes. in desperation the king hires the dragon hunters to stop the world eater. zoe of course tags along...what can i say other then why is this film hiding under a rock? this is a really good little film that is completely off the radar except as unlikely oscar contender. its a beautifully designed, fantastic looking film (the world it takes place has floating lands and crazy creatures) that constantly had me going "wow" at it. the english voice cast with forrest whitaker as lian-chu (one of the best vocal performances i've ever heard) and rob paulson as gwizdo (think steve bucsemi) is first rate. equally great is the script which doesn't talk down to its audience, using some real expressions not normally heard in animated films (not disney nor pixar). its all really well done.is it perfect? no, some of the bits go on too long, but at the same time its is damn entertaining.if you get the chance see this. its one of the better animated films from 2008, and is going on my nice surprise list for 2009.

dragon hunters has to be the best-looking animated film i've ever seen. it was jaw-dropping. the film is about a couple rogues in search for some cash, their weird furry blue dog that pees fire, and a girl who dreams about becoming a knight, and they are sent on a quest to go to the ends of the earth to kill the world gobbler, an impossibly immense dragon. but honestly, it doesn't even matter what the film is about. because, it is jaw-droppingly gorgeous. the gravity in this fantasy world is different, so blocks of architecture and spheres of land float around amidst cathedrals and castles and villages alike, and there are forests of floating lily pads. the world is so creative, so uniquely beautiful, with a sort of muted storybook look to it. the world looks like a set of gorgeous paintings. the monsters are visually stunning as well, like a fire dragon comprised of a swarm of evil red bats. some of the plot isn't too original, like the main protagonists wanting their farm a la of mice and men and never seem to be able to make it in the world; but the gorgeous graphics, some seriously sinister scenes, and emotion-evoking dialog makes this film spectacular.

what people fail to understand about this movie is that it isn't a beginning, middle, and end, it is just the conclusion of a 26 episode long tv series. so remember that when you all talk about how the world wasn't explored enough. that was all done in the tv show.as great and stunning as the visuals are, i think the ***spoilers*** argument between lian-chu and gwizdo near the end of the film was what really made me love this movie. seeing characters i had followed through 26 episodes fight like that was agonizing, and seeing gwizdo walking sadly off by himself amidst the floating ruins while lian-chu sharpened his blade was almost tear-jerking. then we got a total contrast with lian-chu fighting these insanely awesome dragons (which had been featured before in the series) while gwizdo is babbling insanely and indirectly threatening to kill zoe. *shudder* i'm surprised that this particular scene hasn't been mentioned more in the warnings. any kid that has a lick of sense will be able to see that gwizdo wasn't himself and was fully intent on strangling that little girl. it was enough to bother me, and i'm 15.the world is amazing, the plot is a lot better than most multi-million blockbusters, and it was a nice way to see some of my favorite characters go. check it out. :)

my 3 year old loved it. i loved it, my wife loved it. so 10 out of 10 from our family. as for violence level? not really that violent, mostly of the slap stick variety. nobody truly dies, no gore, no blood, no torture, so it certainly is appropriate for children, much more so than many saturday morning cartoons.this movie really takes the idea of cg movies where it should go.first of all beautiful graphics, textures wonderfully done, with true depth, not trying to be realistic, but forming an artistic whole. the moss on the stones, the rust on metal, the reliefs on the wood and the stone, everything adds to the whole.character modeling, unlike many contemporary cg movies, is quirky, not cute, again within an artistic whole. the faces may look less malleable than in some other movies, but the characters are more puppet-like than human-like. i think that is a good thing, it lends veracity, how strangely it may sound, it is easier to suspend your disbelief.hair, fur, clothing, on par, at least with the likes of pixar. just note in the opening scenes when lian-chu is fighting the giant slug; gwizdo is in front of some farmers, and all of them have detailed clothing which caused me to pause the movie just to admire it.the setting. far beyond the likes of cars, and even wall•e. space has been done many times, but the fantasy environs of dragon hunters are only comparable with some scenes in never ending story and lord of the rings, but again it is an artistic whole, and with lots of good ideas thrown about effortlessly. magnificent vistas like the scene in monsters inc. where they ride all the doorways through its storage facility, or wall•e where we see the immense trash towers he made, abound in this movie, everything is grand, yet never dwelt upon; it is just the background the whole way! the interlude where they walk through the area with the fantastic falls. the chinese wall, the islands floating in the sky. the broccoli in the sky? that is truly where i believe cg should go, make something which takes your breath away, and do it again and again.the sound is good, the music is varied and not only epic, and thankfully without any vocals, and purely original for the movie.animation is quite good. lending its inspiration to cartoons, especially some good use of stretch and squeeze. sometimes not that realistic, but the 3d models are not realistic either.characterization is well done too. lian-chu the gentle and uncertain giant is gradually growing in confidence basking in the attention of little zoé.gwizdo the wily manager of lian-chu redeems himself in the end, while zoé isn't really changed at all, but who wants that cute child to change anyway? i at least loved lian-chu more than any other recent character since sulley in monsters inc.the internal strife in the group gets ironed out by the external pressures, just as it should in a proper fantasy story.the story is mostly reminiscent of the never ending story, especially how the world brakes apart. the monsters are pretty standard fare, except the flocking one. it lacks the emotional impact of wall•e, which is the really strong point of that movie, but it is a much more fun ride, and lacks the annoying musical scene replaying in the former one, and has action from the first scene. this movie is what you want to watch for a fun and exciting time.the whole movie has, as i've mentioned a whole vision, which seems to have been followed rigorously throughout.it seems, that the setting is ready for more adventures, and i for one would hope so.one side note, the french actor doing lian-chu sounded a bit like jean reno at first, but i'm happy it wasn't him, though he is one of my favorites. nice to hear a new, to me, voice.i give it a max rating, a bit surprised at the mediocre and low ratings by some; i have tried to address some of the concerns made by two of the reviews with the lowest vote. approach this movie as an adventure, and as a european movie, not opposed to hollywood, but different.

after watching the trailer i was surprised this movie never made it into theaters, so i ordered the bluray. i had a great time watching it and have to say that this movie is better than some major animation movies out there. of course, it has its flaws but i can still really recommend it. the animation is well done, very entertaining and unique and the story kept me watching it all the way to the end. some of the backdrops are just drop-dead gorgeous and you can see the french talent behind it. i thought that forest whitaker's performance feels a bit lifeless but that is how the character lian-chu is depicted in this movie. so overall, thumbs up, i liked it a lot and i hope it is successful enough for all the studios involved to continue making great movies like this. i would recommend to give it a chance and be surprised how great a movie can be with such a small budget. hektor alone is worth watching the movie since some of his moments are stitch-like hilarious.

this movie took my breath away at some points, i simply loved it! i admit that the character dialogs and storyline could have been done a bit better, but hey, this is just a simple (short) story of a couple of guys trying to slain a dragon, there's nothing more to it!the overall design, atmosphere, the beautiful landscapes... it's all just magical! they've put a lot of love in this movie. character designs were great and funny. a bit tim burton-ish if you like. i can recommend this movie to anyone interested in great design, displayed in a simple small, but lovely story.

my first impression would be this is beowulf only with all the good bits of fighting grendel and dragons intact, making it one thrill ride from start to end. written by frederic lanoir and arthur qwak, the two of them had created a fantastical landscape that becomes a character in itself within their story, with its ever changing environment made up of small spheres of land floating around, which can either be wastelands, or globes of greenery.the story's a simple one, which tells of a land which is cowering in the expectation of a mighty dragon's unwanted visit to plunder and destroy, and the resident knights have all but been annihilated. enter the king's granddaughter zoe (marie drion) who gathers lian-chu (vincent lindon), a huge brute with immense strength but truly a gentle giant, and his partner-in-arms gwizdo (patrick timsit), who balances the partnership with his cunning brain. lian-chu and gwizdo (together with their pet creature which too proudly spews incipient fires) share a common dream of owning a farm land and spending idyllic days tending to their farm animals in retirement, but in order to do that comes the requirement of being financially free, hence their career in monster-extermination which doesn't exactly pay off.that's basically the whole gist of it, but what makes this film a spectacle, is its cg graphics, which is solidly rich, detailed, and an eye-popping marvel to behold. it has some wonderfully crafted set action pieces that were painstakingly designed to draw you into the thick of the action,, and during those fight sequences, there's nary a boring moment. photo-realistic moments of non-existent landscapes make you put aside the fantasy of make-belief, and it's easy to be in awe of the landscape which goes beyond the usual three-suns and a kaleidoscope of flying thingamajigs (here's having at you george!) and i couldn't get enough of the finale battle as well, though the usual brick-bats will find some fault at the indestructibility of the principle characters.i guess this film had opened my eyes that there are many more computer-animated companies out there around the world that have quality in their product to match that of pixar's. and this is definitely a movie that the local filmmakers of zodiac: the race begins and legend of the sea can learn from – to keep the story effectively simple, and let your moving artwork do all the talking. definitely highly recommended!

i voted this a 10 out of 10 simply because it is the best animated story i have been able to see in quite some time. the animation is stunning. the artwork behind each and every landscape was beautiful. from the colors to the lighting to the not standard fare of artistry. i was amazed. moving beyond the beauty on the screen, you are immersed in a storyline that is at once timeless and at the same turn fresh. character development is brief yet these touchstone moments are exactly what is needed to clue the viewer in to what and why and how the character has come to where they stand. i'm impressed with the entire affair and think this is a must see for the entire family.

have you heard the story about the reluctant heroes who were hired by a king to slay a dragon? oh, you have? was it set in a world entirely composed of small islands floating above clouds, and did the heroes have to make dangerous leaps from one island to the next on their journey? did water flow upwards and remnants of great cities levitate on the horizon? i didn't think so.i stumbled onto this movie by accident and i'm really glad that i did! it's one of the most beautiful movies i've ever seen. much like the pixar movies, it's a piece of computer animated art that could only be possible in today's world. the animators have invested thought into almost everything that appears on the screen, and this attention to detail is staggering (the scene where the mushrooms in the foreground belch green smoke whilst the characters walk obliviously in the background is one of my favourites). the monsters are also fully realised and wonderful to watch in action.although the plot may not be entirely unique, the movie has enough charm to make sure you keep watching. our protagonists are likable and interesting, ensuring the audience is behind their almost impossible quest to reach the end of the world and destroy the dragon which might otherwise devour everything in its path. of course, hector is the character most will fall in love with. a small blue creature with a crazy grin and a tendency to speak a mixture of nonsense and english, hector provides comedy relief in a way jar jar binks could only dream of.in summary, i'd recommend watching the dragon hunters if you get the opportunity. watch it for the incredible animation, the breath-taking battle scenes and for a glimpse into a world that's unlike anything else you've seen on a cinema or television screen. at the very least, it's a fun way to spend an hour and a half - no matter if you're nine or twenty-nine (which, in fact, i am)!

this is my first review on imdb, i didn't really want to write one but since there are only 2 for this great movie right now, i feel compelled to add my perspective...and no, i'm not associated to the movie makers in any way (yeah yeah how often did you here that before ;-) ) fyi i'm in my late 20s1st of all i have to admit i really like animated movies, because what you see is only limited by the imagination of the creators and they were pretty imaginative on this one. not so much in terms of story but in achieving a very unique and imo fresh visual style. the characters look good but far from real and it works well for the movie, after all it's a fairytale-like world. but the backgrounds and the world in general is filled with awesome visuals that my jaw dropped several times while watching this. the blue, bunny-like mini-dragon steels the show and has easily some of the funniest moments of the movie, he is already an instant classic, much as scrat from ice age. the story is not too surprising (a bunch of anti-heroes have to go out and slay the biggest dragon you can imagine) but who cares if the movie looks and sounds that good ;-) 1 thing i have to point out, imo the movie is not suited for very young children because it has some darker scenes in it and maybe frightening for kids under 6-8 i would say, these are only very few scenes but worth mentioning imo. anyway i had a great time watching this and can't wait for it to hit the stores in high def to watch it over and over again just for the sheer beauty of it.8,5 for me

for a long time i haven't seen so beautiful animated feature. having healthy respect for pixar, i must say that ratatouille or any other movie made by 'em can not be compared to this. animators have created an incredibly beautiful world here. the graphics is amazing, the background surroundings are mind-blowing, almost every object in every frame is drawn perfectly. sometimes i felt tingles down my spine - so much i loved what i've seen.the plot is absolutely romantic. as romantic as the animated film plot can possibly be. the characters are lovable, especially hector, the blue rabbit, he owns, pawns, rocks and rules! the other char-s are very nice also. the humor is top-notch.generally it seemed that creators didn't invest much effort into this. i mean it looked like it didn't take em too much in difference from people of pixar&dreamworks who try hard every time to think on something new. and i'm very glad that a product of european animation studio turned out to be so great. they've made a magnificent, touching movie, a candy for eye and heart.the only minus is stupid beginning and that's why it's 9of10 not 10/10

this is a real eye candy. a world made of floating islands and flying ancient cities. huge monsters whose preferred method of attack is hurling cathedrals at their opponents... who can resist that? an ancient prophecy, a bunch of underdog heroes and a cute princess in search of her hero... sounds familiar...? yes we heard that song before. but you will forget that while looking at the spectacular scenery.this movie is fun to watch while it lasts. but after leaving the cinema you'll be longing for a little bit more story.what is behind the 30-years-circle? what drove the knight crazy? who built all these fabulous monuments, castles and cities... and why are they falling apart? and apart from that one bunch of farmers, where are the people? really, this picture looks so intriguing, but it's no lord of the rings.

in my mind, this remains one of the very best depictions of superman on tv, as well as one of the most faithful to a particular comics period.this series paid homage to both the superman films of the '70s/'80s and the superman comics series "reboot" of 1986-onward ("man of steel," "superman vol 2," "action comics," "adventures of superman," etc). the opening score and titles were stirring, based on the john williams score from the films, updated for a saturday morning action series. marv wolfman, one of the main contributors to the comics reboot (writer of "adventures of superman") was a perfect choice to be involved in this animated series. overall, the series had a more mature feel while continuing to be very kid-friendly.superman was presented as believable, strong, and iconic. his recurring nemesis was lex luthor in his megalomaniac/ceo incarnation. the daily planet characters lois, jimmy, and perry were portrayed well. one of my favorite appearances was by wonder woman, and the story revolved around her home island of themyscira ("paradise island"). both her design and that of her mother hippolyte were in keeping with the similarly rebooted wonder woman comic book series of the era, and it seemed like an equally well-done animated series could have been developed for her if handled the same.the one thing that is hard to believe is that this has not been released on dvd/blu-ray! it deserves to be.

after the superfriends and scooby doo left the saturday morning airwaves in the fall of 1986, i pretty much stopped watching saturday morning cartoons at that point since those were the only two that kept me tuning in. and since neither the real ghostbusters nor the flintstone kids seemed very promising to me, i "retired" and started sleeping in on saturday mornings. i only returned to saturday morning tv in 1988 for that one year only for one and only one animated show. a new animated show of superman was something i was not going to pass up. i was 17 and in high school at the time, but so what! i loved this show. from what i can recall, this series was a gift to fans i suppose in celebration of superman's 50th birthday that particular year. it had the theme music and the music style reminiscent of john williams movie score from the richard donner/christopher reeve superman movies. i honestly felt that the animation style ruby spears did was reminiscent of the super powers team: galactic guardians series by hanna barbera a few years before. sadly, danny dark was not back as superman, but i felt beau weaver did a very impressive job as the voice of superman and his clark kent was nerdy like the chris reeve version. after hearing him as reed richards/mr. fantastic on the 90's fantastic four, i could still see this version of superman in my mind. ginny mcswain as lois lane. lol! what a rhyme. she was a voice director for hanna barbera and ruby spears and i guess she took it upon herself to do lois. memories of the superfriends lingered in this series when it came to the voice over cast. jimmy olsen is mark taylor, who on the superfriends was formerly firestorm. perry white is none other than former batman tv writer stanley ralph ross, who on superfriends was gorilla grodd and brainiac in the super powers shows. and lex luthor, now a wise cracking billionaire tycoon is none other than superfriends voice alum, michael bell, whom i know best as zan and the riddler as well as many other characters on many other series. i felt this series was a combination of the movie superman along with the post crisis john byrne re envision of superman, with lex luthor as a billionaire tycoon, jonathan and martha kent being alive to see clark as superman. the bruce timm series and lois and clark would also do this. unfortunately, we never saw brainiac, bizarro, toyman, metallo, or darkseid. other than luthor, we saw only the prankster and we did see general zod. i especially enjoyed that one episode with wonder woman, who was voiced over by bj ward who played her on the super powers team as well. the episodes were smashing and i also enjoyed clark's growing and development stories from infancy to childhood to adolescence to an adult moving to metropolis in the short little segment, superman's family album. the only two things i didn't like. it only lasted one season. and after wonder woman's guest spot, i was hoping batman would turn up voiced over by adam west (still thinking about the super powers team episodes i guess). i also hoped for it because on the prankster episode, the metropolis baseball team was pitted against the gotham goliaths. every popular super hero has one cartoon series that is ultra rare. for spiderman, i feel it's the 1981 solo series that aired the same time as amazing friends. for the incredible hulk, it's the 1982 cartoon. for the fantastic four, it's the 1978 series with herbie the robot. for batman, it's the new adventures of batman 1977 by filmation featuring batmite. but for superman, the rarest series is this one. superman books and documentaries never cover or mention it. this is another series that wb should consider for dvd release. all in all, this 1988 version of superman is well....super!!

i remember liking this more than nausicaa of the valley of the winds at an age when that tone of story was too serious for me. laputa, whose title seems to have affected its release in the u.s. to avoid confusion to its wide hispanic audiences, has the cartoonish knack of the director's debut production conan. in fact, pazu has the thick bones and immortal vitality of conan--who jumped off a thousand stories carrying his girl in his arms and landed on his feet, then started running. this makes him the most animated and pleasing character to watch. the techie fans of nausica may be disappointed by the flying bugs and the retro technology through out laputa--the only exception may be the robot. unlike princess mononoke and valley of the winds, the theme in laputa is not directly connected to environmentalism. if it has a theme at all it's anti-warfare. the importance of living naturally--this is related with the flying castle, is dismissably shortly discussed, and not really followed through. overall, i now regard the piece as being at an intersection between feel-good and corny.

the first time i ever saw this movie was back in the 1980s as a wee lad. my dad actually recorded it off the tv. i must have watched is over 20 times, before the relatively recent release on dvd.i of course bought and watched the dvd and was taken aback by how much the dialogue had changed. in the first version, which i still have on vhs, the mood of the film, thanks to the dialogue, was actually very dark. however the new version, featuring van der beek et al, is more comic.to put it another way, it's like watching the original us release of akira with that dub, before watching the remastered version with the literal translation of the japanese.i'm in no way complaining, the story and quality of animation are not detracted from, but it does raise the question of whether miyazaki intended for a lighter or darker narrative and theme in his film.....

this film is amazing and i would recommend to child and adult alike. the animation is beautiful, the characters are rich and interesting, and the story is captivating; far better than anything the american studios were producing at the time. however, there is a couple of caveats to this statement. it's a shame that disney bought the studio ghibli back-catalogue and then proceeded to butcher it. my main point being, disney re-dubbed the film, despite the original english version being very impressive. the new cast with van der beek et al ruined it and took away much of the attractiveness of the characters e.g. pazu and sheeta went from adventurous companions to whiny teenagers. the original music score is also far better than the disney remix. it begs the question why did disney make such changes? it seems to me is that by having van der beek et al being cast then disney can draw in more money, which is fair enough, but in the process they tainted they film. it is still a beautiful film and i would still recommend it to anyone. my main beef is that disney ruined a film from childhood which i loved and still love. i am lucky enough to have an original japanese import with the original english dub which i am now going to guard with my life!

saw this on sbs tv here in australia the other week, where it was titled "laputa: castle in the sky". i had enabled subtitles and i think sbs provided their own for that, which, as usual, was of very good quality.just looked up "laputa" on wikipedia and it confirms what i suspected...the floating island of this tale is taken from the classic jonathan swift novel "gulliver's travels", which was published in the early to mid 1700s.anyway, this is an engaging japanese fairytale, which features an english speaking voice-cast. it's suitable for young children, i think, but it does run at just over two hours in length, so it may be too long for some, though not for an adult like me.the story concerns two children who seek to find a legendary floating island which has a castle on it. the children are not the only ones looking for this island. they have pirates, the army and spies looking for the island too, and looking to capture the children (sheeta, the girl, voiced by anna paquin, and pazu, the boy, voiced by james van der beek) in order to help them find it.the graphics are magnificent...sort of photo-realistic at times, especially the scenes of stonework lit by torch-light, or the pretty scenes of bright, sunny days, with white clouds, or mist.recommended.

like many americans, i was first introduced to the works of hayao miyazaki when i saw "spirited away." i fell in love with the film and have seen it many times. now i am on a search to see every film by miyazaki. one of his earlier works is "castle in the sky." although it's still enjoyable, it's not as good as "spirited away" (though comparing this or any film to his 2002 masterpiece is perhaps unfair).a young boy named pazu (james van der beek) is working in a mine late one night, when he sees a girl fall slowly from the sky. when she wakes up the next morning, she introduces herself as sheeta (anna paquin). but sheeta has a secret, and before he knows it, pazu is pulled into an adventure that will lead him into danger with pirates, the army and a lost floating city.going into a film by hayao miyazaki means you can expect one thing: a sense of wonder and magic. many filmmakers have tried, but no one can create a sense of magic and awe like miyazaki. watching a film by miyazaki is like experiencing a fantastic dream from your childhood.because the film is animated, dubbing the film does not pose much of a problem because it is next to impossible to determine whether or not the lip movements match up to the words. it also helps that the translated dialogue is well-written and voiced by talented actors. the voice acting is varied. james van der beek fares best. he brings an irresistible enthusiasm and excitement to the role of pazu that is perfect for the character. anna paquin is nearly as good as sheeta. she's frightened by the events going on around her, but she knows what she has to do. mark hamill is unrecognizable as the evil muska. he's dangerous and wants something from sheeta, and will do anything to get it. the other voices are bad. cloris leachman is awful as dola. leachman may have won an oscar for "the last picture show," but she's annoying as the pirate leader. leachman gives the character an obnoxious squawk that's nearly always monotonous. it's so bad it nearly ruins the film! jim cummings is an effective voice-over actor, but he's miscast as the general.i would definitely recommend seeing "castle in the sky." i'll probably end up buying it myself. but even though it's not as good as "spirited away," it's still pretty good.

retitled from its original japanese name of laputa (for being an offensive phrase, something which director hayao miyazaki was oblivious to at the time), castle in the sky is the master animator's third film, and it's one of his most beloved of all time. initially a box office disappointment in its 1986 release, it has since been embraced by critics and audiences around the world. inspired by jonathan swift's "gulliver's travels", castle in the sky is a steampunk-themed action adventure tale about two young orphans -- young miner pazu, and mysterious girl sheeta (who wears a magic crystal around her neck) -- who team up to find the long-lost island of laputa, which is rumored to have great riches and gems. they are aided by a band of bumbling yet sympathetic air pirates led by the feisty dola (who at first chase them, yet turn out to be true allies) and pursued by the government headed by its villainous topmost-secret agent, muska, who wants the power of laputa for his own benefit.for anyone looking for an exciting way to spend two hours, this film is an excellent choice, featuring just the right amount of humor, exploration, wonder, and mystery to keep one interested. the artwork, although not as spectacular as in some of miyazaki's later movies, is fantastic and gorgeous enough to watch with imaginative characters and locations, incredibly exciting action scenes, and breathtaking flight sequences that will make one feel giddy. and while the characters that populate this tale are less complex than miyazaki's other works, each has a memorable, endearing personality that stays with the viewer long after the film is over. dola, in particular, makes for a terrific comic character, shouting orders to her dimwitted sons one moment and being protective of sheeta the next. muska is one of the few miyazaki creations to ever come across as an irredeemable villain, but like dola, he commands every scene he's in with a sinister charisma that is both alluring and chilly.anime fans have often compared this movie to gainax's sci-fi adventure series nadia: the secret of blue water. after all, both works share similar story and character elements... not to mention that they were both created by miyazaki himself. where both differ is in their execution. nadia, although charming for the most part, suffered from taking a wrong turn at its midway point, devolving into cartoonish nonsense which all but distracted from the main plot, even though it did have a strong ending. castle in the sky, on the other hand, remains consistently entertaining and focused for its two hour running time, and is all the better for it. while the film's epic tone is sometimes broken up by some "cartoonish" moments, like a brawl between pazu's boss and one of dola's sons, it's never to the point that it detracts from the film.about eleven years ago, disney released an english version featuring a cast of big-names such as james van der beek, anna paquin, cloris leachman, mark hamill, mandy patinkin as well as some cameo appearances by veterans such as tress macneille and jim cummings. it also features an ambitious reworking of joe hisaishi's gorgeous musical score for a performance by the seattle music orchestra (interestingly, the man behind this rescore is none other than the composer himself). as much as purists have cried blasphemy over this version for its occasional extra dialogue and the aforementioned rescore, miyazaki had no such problems; in fact, he is said to have applauded the reworking, and for good reason, because the newly rerecorded music is truly the star of the new dub. while there are some instances where filling in some critially silent scenes from the original japanese is a bit jarring (notably the journey through a dragon-infested storm cloud), the overall reworking is fantastic and in many ways improves on the original, particularly in scenes such as when a robot attacks a fortress and the climactic moments toward the end. here, hisaishi displays his musical versatility and genius for matching music to visuals. as far as the performances in the dub go, the leads are probably at the short end of the stick; james van der beek's pazu sounds significantly more mature than his character, while anna paquin's sheeta speaks with an odd accent that fluctuates at times (a problem which actually works in favor of the character). that said, both do good jobs overall and provide a fairly believable chemistry throughout. it's the lively supporting cast, however, that really make this dub so much fun, particularly cloris leachman's dola and mark hamill's muska. both are perfectly cast and steal every scene they're in; as with the rescore, these two really warrant a listen to the disney dub. the script adaptation borders on the loose side at times--there's quite a bit of extra lines and/or commentary (some of which are pricelessly funny and others somewhat overdone)--but aside from at least one debatable alteration (sheeta's speech in the climactic showdown "the world cannot live without love" as opposed to the original "you can't survive apart from mother earth"), the overall characters, story, and spirit remain fairly faithful to the original. on the whole, there is little point comparing the disney version to the original language track; each puts their own stamp on this legendary masterpiece, and i like them both. (they're also better than streamline/jal's more literal but frightfully robotic, lifeless, abysmally acted and poorly written older dub from the late 1980's; don't believe anybody who says this version is "superior" to disneys--trust me, the opposite is true.) either way, though, you can't go wrong with castle in the sky. it's one of miyazaki's all-time greatest, and i highly recommend it.

the first of the official ghibli films, laputa is most similar to its predecessor nausicaa, but whereas nausicaa was a sf epic, this is more of an action comedy-adventure with a fairly weak sf premise.for the first half hour of the movie i thought i was going to love it. once again you find yourself in awe of miyazaki's attention to detail, and his ability to conjure up an imaginary world in meticulous, beautiful perfection. the animation, though still not in the league of the later ghibli films, is a little better than in nausicaa.i mentioned in my review of nausicaa that one character is drawn in a more 'lupinesque' anime style. here there are a whole bunch of them: the pirates. they provide the comic element in the film, though quite why it needs a comic element i'm not sure. there was nothing funny about nausicaa, and i think it was better off for it. still. having said that, dola, the pirate leader, is easily the most memorable character in the film (even if she's basically a female long john silver. don't be surprised if you're reminded of 'treasure planet' at times) and is well voiced by cloris leachman in the american dub.the english voice cast acquit themselves well for the most part, actually. however something started going pear-shaped for me about this movie by about the halfway mark. i think the best way that i could describe it is that the characters get swallowed up by the vast scope of the story. i'll come back to that later.there is so much to admire about laputa, and so many people obviously love it, that i almost feel mean for only giving it 8 out of 10, but for me the operative word here is 'admire'. it was more impressive than personally affecting, and at over two hours it just started to drag.the crucial thing for me was this: i really found that i didn't care much about any of the characters. disney would have taken the care to develop the characters, make you really fall for them, rather than leave them as relatively two-dimensional pieces to be moved around while you gawked at the amazing vistas in the movie. even that would have been tolerable if there was some hard sf in the story to make up for it, but it was basically a lot of gobledegook about princesses and magic crystals. that's where laputa falls down as far as i'm concerned, and that's what holds it back from being a potential 10 out of 10 movie. having said that, it must be admitted that miyazaki was leagues ahead of disney in general in 1986, when you consider that their movie of the same year was the pretty dire 'great mouse detective'.laputa is a good film in some ways an amazing film, and you should definitely see it, but i do feel it's over-rated. i definitely prefer the earlier 'nausicaa of the valley of the wind'.btw, if you manage to watch them in chronological order, watch for the fox-squirrel from nausicaa popping up briefly in laputa.

it is an almost ideal romantic anime! must see for all ages! but the english dubbed version is not too good. perhaps the 1999 version will be better.

this is the best dub i've ever heard by disney, as well as the best adaptation since the biggest abuse ever on soundtrack, themes, characters, dialogues in kiki delivery service. urrrghhhthis one has different atmosphere, especially the deviation from the common heroine. this one has both hero and heroine (although i don't really endorse the use of hero & heroine here, since miyazaki is out from the stereotype & common theme). as usual, after being introduced by spirited away, amazed by mononoke, troubled by grave of fireflies, and deeply touched by majo no takkyuubin , this one start with a bit doubt in my part. wondering if this will be the first ghibi's dud. well, in the end just like only yesterday and whisper of the heart, i ended up giving 10 rating. i'd give 9.8 rating, but the additional 0.2 is there to share the good feeling by encouraging people to see the movie.spoiler somehow i see this as a sad movie, people die in this one, the lonely robot, the abandoned place, and it ends with destruction. it is as if mankind really can't live with too much power. the collapsing scene gave me patches of metropolis ending. it's just sad somehow. the plot is apparent in most reviews and the soundtrack rules as well (as always). joe hisaishi really belongs to uematsu, kanno, williams caliber.people who can brings a movie, a game, an event to life, even to be a lingering moments by astounding composition.this is a feel good movie that used to be part of us cinema in the classic days (it's a wonderful life etc etc). well, things change....

i just realised i've been using imdb for years now and i've never reviewed my favourite film. by favourite i don't mean something i like for now, i mean this film is so supernaturally perfect that there is never another animated experience going to touch it. this is obvious because i am never going to be a child again; i saw this film on itv in the early nineties. i was 12 which is the age group this film is directed at, i'm also male, the gender that this film is intended for (the overwhelming majority of miyazaki's protagonists are female). consequently this film indelibly inspired my childhood psychology and i am forever indebted to carl macek (sp?) for producing the english dub of this film which is far superior to the di$ney production which is not even funny - i've never even been able to watch that one - of course subtitled is the only way ultimately however the macek version is so good (the voices almost exactly corresponding to the original japanese actors) that this version is available on the japanese dvd! it's not available on any distribution in an english-speaking country. go figure.there are hundreds of competent reviews so i'm going to put some trivia here, not that i'm the definitive archive of information for this film.first up i'd like to agree with the reviewer who stated that you need 20 out of 10 to review miyazaki's films - they are so in their own league that they make almost the whole catalogue on imdb combined pale into insignificance.the fascinating story with this film is that miyazaki based the countryside around slag's ravine (pazu's town area) on the welsh mining communities. he visited wales for a few months in the early 80s (might be late 70s) just after one of the great mining strikes. being an avid supporter of the student socialist movements in the sixties he felt their plight. the fight between the townsfolk and the pirates at the beginning serves to illustrate this empathy with the working man. the countryside and the clouds especially in this film remind me of where i grew up as his film depicts a fantasised version of the rolling hills of the midwest british isles.the island is of course from swift's genius satirical novel of the eighteenth century - the story in swift's book is, deliberately, ridiculous. in castle in the sky, miyazaki weaves together myths such as atlantis and the tower of babel - i think the architecture in addition is based on peruvian ruins though i'm not sure, someone told me that.anyone who gets round to reading this review and who likes this film really will want to check out miyazaki's epic series mirai shounen conan - future boy conan - based on the short sci fi novel 'the incredible tide' by alexander key (novel is available online). conan is basically a prototype for laputa's pazu and shita. in addition you may not be familiar with his earlier work for masterpiece theatre - some of his key frame animation. he also did key frame for sherlock hound - this has some of the finest backgrounds i've ever seen too. also check out miyazaki and takahata's first feature film horus prince of the sun (1968) - amazing by today's standards in fact. what else... gauche the cellist and the flying ghost ship - though they're pretty rare.this film is such a gift, i don't know what we'd do without it with all this other crap storytelling around, this is like an oasis. arigatou miyazaki-sensei!

castle in the sky is undoubtedly a hayao miyazaki film. after seeing it for the first time i'm glad to say that it doesn't disappoint. on the contrary, you get your time's worth, which means (as to what miyazaki's films are concern), that is nothing less than excellent! produced early in his cinematic career, castle in the sky anticipates many of the trade marks in his later movies, with strong (but young) female characters, forced to grow up due to external circumstances, helped out by very interesting (and some times lovable) supporting characters. and, of course, the usual battle of nature versus civilization, flying machines (lots of it!!), beautiful painted sceneries … but alas, no pigs ( at least that i've noticed, after all i have only seen it once). never the less, miyazaki had already got his theatrical debut two years earlier, with nausicãa, which was a dress rehearsal for princess mononoke, his magnum opus. castle in the sky is set a bit a part from these two, with a soft action packed first 30 minutes, resembling his tv series conan, and his directed episodes of meitantei holmes. in here we are introduced to sheeta, a girl who literally falls from the sky, only to be found by pazu, a young boy working in a little countryside mining town. intrigued by her amnesia and suspecting a connection between her and the mysterious flying city of laputa, pazu is set on helping her find out where she came from, whilst escaping the army and a gang of air pirates. as the movie progresses, the plot gets heavier and much more interesting, revealing myiazaki at his best. the sound track is very reminiscent of spirited away, (or vice versa, as castle in the sky was produced first), and much like its director, joe hisaishi _the composer_ starts with a very light score, that gets more complex and beautifully fitting as the plot goes forward! a note to the english dubbing, with a good interpretation from the two lead stars, although anna paquin's sheeta has a very thick accent (which the actress still had at that point in her career), and a heads up for mark hamil as muska, making up for a delighting yet devilish villain! don't miss this one people!

i never met a single person (out of hundreds) who hated this movie. bet that anyone who votes it down is a petty saboteur, or a victim of one. this film has everything. ask yourself, "are you a fan of. . . ?" then go see "laputa".it's not my favorite movie, but my favorite is directed by the same person (hayao miyazaki). in any case, this one ranks among my top five. and i've seen a lot of movies.

i've seen the original english version on video. disney's choice of voice actors looks very promising. i can't believe i'm saying that. the story is about a young boy who meets a girl with a history that is intertwined with his own. the two are thrown into one of the most fun and intriguing storylines in any animated film. the animation quality is excellent! if you've seen disney's job of kiki's delivery service you can see the quality in their production. it almost redeems them for stealing the story of kimba the white lion. (but not quite!) finally miyazaki's films are being released properly! i can't wait to see an uncut english version of nausicaa!

lapyuta (castle in the sky), more than any of hayao miyazaki's movies, brings the joy of storytelling to the audience. it is the kind of movie that makes one feel like a kid again; it's just magical. it's a crime that it took this long for it to be released in the states, but now that it's here check it out! and stick with the original language; the dub changed my impressions of the characters somewhat, which is something that should be avoided at all costs in a translation of a movie (or book, whatever.)i give it a ten/ten.

hayao miyazaki's second feature film, and his first one to be widely acclaimed both commercially and critically (though his debut - nausicaa aka warriors of the wind is considered by many fans his best), 'tenku no shiro rapyuta' aka 'castle in the sky' may seem childish and simplistic when compared to his more recent masterpieces like 'kiki's delivery service', 'mononoke-hime' and 'spirited away', but in 1986 it was years ahead of its time and it was one of the milestones of modern anime. it's important to remember that 'castle in the sky' was made two years before the revolutionary 'akira', and while it's not provocative and controversial like the aforementioned masterpiece, the lead characters are all mainly basic manga hero / heroine / villain type characters, and the story is quite predictable and obvious (at least in today's standards), miyazaki's designs and animation work are of standards never seen before. while the story and humor are a bit silly and outdated at times, the movie is still very entertaining and very enjoyable - if not as breathtaking as 'spirited away'. and if you'll allow yourself to see the beauty of the frames themselves and ignore the low-budget coloring and animation and the identical twin faces - at this point miyazaki is still faithful to his roots and to the agreed standards of japanese cartooning - you'll see miyazaki's genius shine through as well as it does on 'spirited away' and mononoke. while 'castle in the sky', being a sci-fi adventure and very suitable for children, fits in more neatly with classic anime than anything else he had done since, his motifs and principles still show and play an important part. to say much more would be to ruin the movie, so i'll kindly shut up. suffice to say that i'm giving it only nine stars because if i gave it ten i couldn't go any higher for 'spirited away' and 'princess mononoke'. and that would be a crime.as in most anime movies, i recommend watching the japanese version with the english subtitles, even if you don't speak a word of japanese - the english overdubs just don't tend to be very good, and in this case it's just horrendous. you might want to watch it in the english version once, though, just for the laughs, and for the star-filled cast (the english dub was only recorded following the success of 'spirited away', as it was for 'kiki's delivery service') - anna paquin and james van der beek (yeah, the dawson guy!) fill the lead roles, mark hamill (luke skywalker from 'star wars', in case you don't know!) plays the villain, and other roles are filled by andy dick, tres macneille (the simpsons, rugrats, animaniacs...), michael mcshane (friar tuck from kevin costner's robin hood travesty) and mandy patinkin (hello, my name is inigo montoya...) good for a laugh, or a few laughs really. but watch the japanese one first.

breathtaking, this is without doubt the best anime cartoon ever made. i first saw castle in the sky in the late 80s as a child and it left a lasting impression. years went by and i forgot the title of the film, and only by chance browsing on the internet i found this masterpiece again. after reading other peoples reviews and analysis i'm not surprised it has such acclaim and touched so many because it does leave an impression. a true fantasy adventure, a must see for all children and adults. its best not giving the story away so i would say watch this movie will a clear and open mind. if you have kids treat them to this i promise you they will love it. there's not much to say about this piece of art but if you've not seen it watch it and enjoy.

listening to the soundtrack at the moment, the images come back with a vividness that makes my longing for a dry eye very strong (in order to be able to type this). i've seen it twice thus far, and i should be ashamed for having seen it *only* twice.i've seen all miyazaki & studio ghibli films, and they are invariably nothing less than masterpieces (except maybe for nausicaa which was, even in the non-cut up version too premature compared to the nec-plus-ultra manga). still, their strength sometimes becomes their weakness, as they tend to get too naive/positive (chihiro), or, with more nuance, a bit too explicit/moralist (mononoke). at least, compared to for example the other ghibli master takahata (grave of the fireflies / only yesterday / raccoon wars). but not this one.in laputa, miyazaki pours all the brilliant storytelling that tellers of tales have gathered and perfected over the ages, combined with a bit of morale, but nicely interwoven with not only a completely transcendental atmosphere, but also with the humor and amusement of for example totoro. every single main character is perfectly portrayed with their doubts and fears and their qualities that help them overcome difficulties. the pacing is so perfect that i know of nothing except a black hole that would be able to exert such a gravitational pull on your whole being. the story sets out as an action flic with mysteries hinted at, but when the girl falls from the sky, unconscious, floating with the stone, and the main theme kicks in, you get a glimpse of the grand mystery you're about to uncover, but the story then settles and gradually, over a number of carefully selected scenes of action and serene beauty, builds to an unforgettable climax of melancholy, hope, beauty - like, following days of sombre gloom, finally seeing the horizon on a clear morning, knowing the path walked, seeing the distance ahead, but smiling at the mere fact of being able to catch a glimpse of it.it is so like an exploding white light in your skull that if by the time the credits start rolling you have kept your eyes dry and your mind numb, you should see a therapist.despite the fact that technically-image-wise some more recent miyazakis might be more overwhelming, this to me remains his undisputed masterpiece. if you take a fraction of a second to realise that this was made back in 1986, you can only come to the conclusion that hayao miyazaki is a genius like a star that appears only once every 200 years. this of course has been suggested before, but to me this is his only film that can, on its own, fully illustrate that simple fact. if you miss this during your lifetime, you'll die with a huge gap - which would be a pity, as the coffin costs the same.

i know anime. i've been into it long before it became a national phenomenon; i loved ranma before most people knew what dragonball z even was. and just so you know i'm not bragging about my, let me say this: out of all the animes i've seen, castle in the sky is by far one of the best. it's obvious people say spirited away is the best, but i really disagree. most people only know that movie because it one an acedmy award; this isn't an exaggeration - i've shown princess mononoke and castle in the sky to people who'd only ever seen spirited away, and they agree that the latter two are the superior of the three. personally, i'd never thought that anything could compare to princess mononoke, until i finally saw castle in the sky. i still think that the prior is the better of the two, but castle in the sky is easily on par with it; in many ways, castle has major elements that mononoke was missing. in either case, if you've only seen spirited away, and think that that is miyazaki's best film, be prepared to have your earth shaken.

i first saw this film when i was about seven years old and was completely enchanted by it then but for years was unable to find out what the film was called. now i am twenty one and stumbled upon the film by accident about two weeks ago and bought a copy. although my memory of the film was a little hazy i was in no way disappointed by what i saw. the animation in this film is superb conjuring up an entire world that is so believable and so well animated that you are drawn in to the film by that alone. but this film also has a plot that will enchant and entertain adults and children alike. with a floating island, a mad general, a friendly pirate granny and a well constructed love story this film will not let you down i would recommend this film to any one.

hayao miyazaki name became prominent with spitied away, however what is often overlooked are director's first film efforts. who remembers that spielberg directed duel or george lucas directed thx 1138? i remember seeing fragments of this movie - almost certainly the last 45 minutes in late 80s and what stuck with me was the visual lushness of the design and animation. so when i found a copy in a well known store for £9 i couldn't resist but buy it. the odd thing is that the last 45 minutes of the movie do not tally with my memory of it (memory is funny that way).viewing this movie now with all the gained knowledge of artists portfolios is how very like jean 'moebius' giraud some of the artwork is. i can only assume some influence here.when pazu catches a falling girl (sheeta) his adventure really begins - the quest for laputa - a reference to jonathan swift's overlooked portion of gulliver's travels. with healthy references to jules verne it's a basic good vs. bad chase movie with the final portion having the heroes end up on laputa.this is the portion that is strongest in my memory - the 'pastoral' ecological aspect of laputa returned to nature - the multitude of robots covered in moss beneath the giant tree. this is, in my opinion, the highlight of the movie - the views of the surface of laputa, as opposed to the mechanised underground.although this is the dichotomy of this movie - to show that even technology cannot overcome nature - the irony of the last robot tending the garden and animals. the ending of the movie silent running is almost exactly the same.it is incredibly stylish, i would not say 'slick' - very beautiful and organic and a tremendous amount of detail in the buildings, airships and the design and look of just about everything.myazaki is a true master of this kind of japnanese anime. buy this movie and treasure it.

have you ever wished that you could escape your dull and stressful life at school or work and go on a magical adventure of your own, with one of your closest friends at your side, facing all sorts of dangers and villains, and unraveling the mystery of a lost civilization that's just waiting for someone to discover all its secrets? even if you're not quite that much of a fantasy-lover, have you ever wished you could simply experience what it's like to be a kid again, and not have a care in the world, for just a couple of hours? this is exactly what miyazaki's "castle in the sky" is all about. pazu, a young but very brave and ambitious engineer, lives a rustic life in a mining town until one day, a girl named sheeta falls down from the sky like an angel and takes him on a journey to a place far beyond the clouds, while all the while they have pirates and military units hot on their trail. simply put, it is just the incredible adventure that every kid dreams of at one point or another, and i can't help but feel my worries melt away every time i see it.as it is one of miyazaki's older works and takes much place in the everyday world, the film is not as visually spectacular or deep in its storyline as spirited away, howl's moving castle, or even princess mononoke. still, i find it difficult to say that any of these films are superior over the other, because all three of those films are, at some point or another, mystical to the point of being enigmatic, if not perplexing, especially for the youngest of viewers."castle in the sky", on the other hand, doesn't try so much to be an allegory of any kind, and it's not a coming-of-age story either; it is instead quite possibly one of the best depictions of the inside of a child's mind i've ever seen. not only is the artwork beautiful, but the use of perspective from the kids' eyes is just amazing; whether it's the panning up of the "camera" to see the enormous trees or clouds overhead, or the incredible sense of height from looking down at the ground or ocean while hundreds of feet in the air, i just can't help but feel like i'm there with pazu and sheeta, just a kid in another world, far far away from reality.even the kids themselves don't have a complex relationship that suggests a need for hope like ashitaka/san or chihiro/haku; sheeta is pazu's angel, having literally fallen into his life from the sky one day, the absolutely perfect person for him right from the very start. as the film progresses, more and more of their true adventurous childhood spirit comes out through their kind words and beautifully realistic facial expressions. not only are they an adorable reminder of who i used to be, but their endearing friendship never lets up throughout the whole film, only growing stronger all the way to the last frame. for that reason, i've fallen in love with the two of them more than i have with any other miyazaki couple.at the same time, "castle in the sky" is such an easily accessible film because no matter what kind of casual moviegoer you may be, you'll be sure to find your fix here. mystery, action, drama, comedy, suspense, sci-fi, romance, even some western...it's all here, just about everything people go to the movies for (except maybe horror). this why i can easily recommend it as a first miyazaki film; it's perfect for those who have no expectations from having already seen the incredible otherworldliness of some of his more recent works.even the ending song of the film, when translated into english, conveys the sense of longing for the discovery of some kind of lost civilization, and some kind of soul-mate, that could not be found in our mundane lives. "the reason i long for the many lights is that you are there in one of them...the earth spins, carrying you, carrying us both who'll surely meet." miyazaki has always provided poetic lyrics to make ending songs out of joe hiasashi's gorgeous scores, but this is the only one i've seen that's both a touching love song and an inspirational dream. i have found myself near tears just listening to it."castle in the sky" may not be miyazaki's most developed, spectacular, or meaningful work, but it's absolutely perfect for what it really was meant to be: a true vision of childhood fantasy, and a wonderful escape from reality for any adults who wish they could have the same wonderful sense of imagination they had when they were just carefree little kids. sit back, relax, and love it for what it is.

it's always difficult to put a stamp on any film as being 'the best,' whether of all time, a certain genre, or what have you, but i believe a strong argument could be made that in fact, laputa is the greatest animated film ever made. it is in my mind the masterwork of hayao miyazaki, the most talented of japan's animated directors, and it best captures his strengths as a director, storyteller, and designer, as well as encapsulating all of his favorite underlying themes. the version i'm reviewing is the 2003 american dub (i know, sacrilege for a hard-core anime fan to not watch it in its native language); there is at least one other english language dub out there, i have it on vhs (i have no idea from what source), and that version is the single best dub i have ever encountered of any film. but i thought it better to concentrate on the version people can actually find.laputa tells the story of a boy named pazu (voiced by james van der beek here), who's growing up in a mining town when one day a young girl named sheeta (anna paquin) literally drops from the sky. it seems she is being pursued by a sinister government agent, colonel muska (mark hamill), who is more interested in the magical crystal that hangs around her neck. to keep things lively, there's also a wickedly funny pirate gang after the crystal, led by the aging but still boisterous dola (cloris leachman). the plot revolves around the crystal's ability to reveal the location of the fabled flying city of laputa, a potential treasure trove of scientific knowledge and hidden treasure. it's all very much in keeping with a fairy-tale setting, but miyazaki knows exactly how far to take the story, and the plot is peppered with 'gosh-wow' moments and threaded with his customary morality and warnings about abusing the power of nature.the design work on laputa, nearly twenty years later, is still revolutionary. flying machines of all sorts abound, utterly impossible but so meticulously designed that you instantly accept them without blinking. the world is set somewhere around the start of the twentieth century, with telegraphs and ancient motorcars alongside those wonderful impossible flying machines. but it is the city itself that is sheer brilliance in execution; laputa is both the garden of eden and the fire of heaven itself, and in that juxtaposition lies its appeal, its power, and its danger.besides being a thoughtfully designed and beautifully rendered film, laputa is blessed with a wonderful sense of cinematography. from sweeping flying shots to high speed chases on tiny one-man flyers to ships submerging into the clouds as if they were water, laputa displays a scope that most films – even with the magic of cgi – can only daydream about. though we only see a small fraction of this world, its simple elegance extends beyond the borders of the frame and we have no trouble believing in it. the film also contains one of my favorite, if not the most exciting, action sequences ever: a guardian robot that fell to earth is accidentally reactivated and wreaks havoc on the fortress it is kept in, all the while trying to protect sheeta (who was the one who woke it up). meanwhile, pazu and the pirates swoop in on their little flying machines to snatch her, literally, from the jaws of destruction. from the horrific sight of the robot incinerating the countryside to the exhilarating last-second rescue, the entire sequence is a masterpiece of timing and camera angles and knowing exactly how far to take the audience.it helps that laputa has an amazing score. composer joe hisaishi captures the wondrous beauty of this world, the dewy innocence, the exciting action, and the creepy otherworldliness of the flying city and its bizarre robot guardians. though he re-recorded it for this dvd release (which imo is not an improvement over his original score), adding pieces here and there, the score matches the visuals perfectly, a rare total union of sound and vision.this isn't a bad dub. i'm inordinately fond of the older english dub, and this one over-explains things just a tad in spots, but i was almost shocked how closely these voices matched those (and those matched the japanese pretty well). dola in particular is hard to get right, but leachman is spot on as the fiery old pirate woman (her sons aren't quite as good as the original). paquin does a good job as sheeta, and mark hamill, while i knew it was him early, is more than talented enough to do muska (i liked the other english dub of muska a little more, but hamill's good). much of the film rests on pazu's shoulders, and van der beek is wonderful. listening to him made me think this crew must have had access to the other english dub, because vdb matches up very closely with the original pazu. although again watching a dub is grounds for excommunication among the otaku faithful, as much as i love this film, i don't think you're sacrificing a great deal simply watching this particular anglicized version. john lassiter of pixar introduces it up front, and my suspicion is that he, like so many others, simply love this film so much that they tried very hard to ensure its high quality.miyazaki has had success in america in recent years with spirited away and mononoke (one of his few films i didn't care for), but to me laputa is still his crowning achievement. anyone familiar with his later work will almost certainly enjoy this earlier work, and again, this film is a master at the top of his form hitting on every cylinder. i'd pay big money to be able to see this on a large screen; while that will probably never happen, it's good to know that at least this classic has been preserved on dvd.

laputa: castle in the sky is the bomb. the message is as strong as his newer works and more pure, fantastic and flying pirates how could it be any better! the art is totally amazing and the soundtrack, which is reused many times after this, (im not sure if this was the first time i heard it) and evokes in me the most emotional sentimental response of any movie soundtrack. sheeta, the female lead in this movie is totally awesome and the boy, pazu is also a great role-model--he lives on his own! the plot is classic miyazaki. i won't give it away, but the end is really great. i rank this as one of miyazaki's three best with nausicaa and spirited away. also you may want to check out howl's moving castle when it comes out (sometime next year i hope) if you like miyazaki check this one out as it readily available in the usa. enjoy, piper a

by now you've probably heard a bit about the new disney dub of miyazaki's classic film, laputa: castle in the sky. during late summer of 1998, disney released "kiki's delivery service" on video which included a preview of the laputa dub saying it was due out in "1999". it's obviously way past that year now, but the dub has been finally completed. and it's not "laputa: castle in the sky", just "castle in the sky" for the dub, since laputa is not such a nice word in spanish (even though they use the word laputa many times throughout the dub). you've also probably heard that world renowned composer, joe hisaishi, who scored the movie originally, went back to rescore the excellent music with new arrangements. laputa came out before my neighbor totoro and after nausicaa of the valley of the wind, which began studio ghibli and it's long string of hits. and in my opinion, i think it's one of miyazaki's best films with a powerful lesson tuckered inside this two hour and four minute gem. laputa: castle in the sky is a film for all ages and i urge everyone to see it.for those unfamiliar with castle in the sky's story, it begins right at the start and doesn't stop for the next two hours. the storytelling is so flawless and masterfully crafted, you see miyazaki's true vision. and believe me, it's one fantastic one. the film begins with sheeta, a girl with one helluva past as she is being held captive by the government on an airship. sheeta holds the key to laputa, the castle in the sky and a long lost civilization. the key to laputa is a sacred pendant she has which is sought by many, namely the government, the military and the air pirate group, the dola gang (who sheeta and pazu later befriend). soon, the pirates attack the ship and she escapes during the raid. she falls a few thousand feet, but the fall is soft and thanks to her pendant. as she floats down from the sky, pazu, an orphan boy who survives by working in the mines, sees sheeta and catches her. the two become fast friends, but thanks to her pendant, the two get caught up in one huge thrill ride as the dola gang and government try to capture sheeta. one action sequence after another, we learn all of the character's motives and identities as we build to the emotional and action packed climax which will surely please all with it's fantastic animation and wonderful dialogue. plus somewhat twisty surprise. i think this film is simply remarkable and does hold for the two hour and four minute run time. the story is wonderful, as we peak into hayao miyazaki's animation which has no limits. the setting of the film is a combo of many time periods. it does seem to take place at the end of the 1800s, but it is some alternante universe which has advanced technology and weapons. laputa is also surprisingly a funny film. the film has tons of hilarious moments, almost equal to the drama and action the film holds. i think the funniest part is a fight scene where pazu's boss faces off against a pirate, and soon after a riot breaks out. it's funny as we see the men compare their strength and the music fits right in with it perfectly.now let's talk about how the dub rates. an excellent cast give some great performances to bring these characters to life. teen heartthrob james van der beek plays the hero pazu, who has a much more mature voice then in the japanese version, where in the original he sounded more childlike. either way, i think his voice is a nice fit with pazu. anna paquin, the young oscar winner from "the piano", plays sheeta. this is also a nice performance, but the voice is a bit uneven, she doesn't stay true to one accent. at times she sounds as american as apple pie, but at other times she sounds like someone from new zealand. the performance i most enjoyed however was of coris leachman, who played mama dola. not only is this an excellent performance, but the voice and emotion she gives the character really brings it to life. if there was ever a live action laputa movie (g-d forbid), she would be the one to play her, you can just imagine her in the role (well, somewhat). luke skywalker himself, mark hamill is muska, and this is another top rate hamill performance. you may be familiar with hamill from a long line of voice work after he did the original star wars movies, but he renders muska to full evil. his voice sounds like his regular voice and mix of the joker, who he played for many episodes on the animated batman series. rounding out the cast is voice character actor jim cummings, who does a great, gruff job as the general and andy dick and mandy patakin as members of the dola gang.now let me talk about what really makes this dub special, joe hisaishi's newly arranged music! for those who have never heard of him, mr. hisaishi does the music and like all of miyazaki's films, the music is very memorable. each of his scores has it's own personas which fits the particular film perfectly. now, these new arrangements he has done are more "american like", which i think was the goal of the new recordings. don't worry, the classic tunes of the japanese version are still here in great form. the score, to me, sounds to be arranged like this is a hollywood blockbuster. it has more power, it has more emphasis, it's clearer and deeper. the film's prologue, the first seconds where we are introduced to the airships, has some new music (i am not sure, but i believe when we first saw the ships there was no music at all). but a majority of the music has new backdrops and more background music to enjoy. things seem very enhanced. in a powerful scene, the music is more stronger then in the original versions. in a calm scene, it's more calmer. overall, i think many of you will be pleased with the new arrangements an mixes, i highly did myself, and personally think it helps improve the film. i prefer the new score over the old one, and i hope disney will release or license the music rights to a full blown soundtrack.another plus side to the dub is that the story remains faithful, and much of the original japanese lines are intact. in kiki, i'm sure a few lines where changed, and this is the same way, lines have been changed. but a majority are close or exactly the original lines and dialogue miyazaki has written. i was afraid some excellent lines would be butchered, but they were there intact. some new lines have been added as well which help out. but i am not sure whether to consider this a good thing or a bad thing, disney did not translate the ending song, it was in japanese. i was mortified when they did completely new songs for the kiki dub, but with this version it's the original song... in japanese. so i guess it's good it's still the original, but bad since a majority of people seeing this dub speak english.there is a big down side to this dub, and it deals with how the voices match the character's lips. of course in any dub it won't be perfect, but i think in kiki and mononoke the dubbing of lines to match were much better executed (and disney had a little bit more time with this one...). some of the time everything matches perfect, some of the time it doesn't completley match, and in a rare case, someone says something and the lips don't move at all (there's a scene where sheeta chuckles and her mouth doesn't move one bit).as far as things about the film itself, these are my thoughts. i thought the most amazing part of laputa was the animation. from the opening sequence to the ending, the animation is so lush and detailed, you just have to watch in awe. you see the true nature of each character, true detail to their face with extreme close ups and action. you have to give a ton of credit for the effort that these animators put into this film. everything is so well done and beautifully hand drawn, it's like a moving piece of art. and to think, this was done in the mid 1980's. the animation is quite different from disney, ghibli has it's own distinctive flare which is very different, but very good. and after all these years, the colors look as vibrant as ever. laputa also has tons of action sequences, lots of plane dogfights plus a few on ground. these sequences are so well done and so intriguing, it's scary that they are comparable to a big budget action film. and the finale is just something you must see. the sound effects are pure and classic and fit explosions, guns firing and everything else well. and like all miyazaki films, each one focuses on a different theme (i.g. kiki: confidence). this one has a great a lesson on greed and power. people don't realize how greed can take over you, and how having too much power isn't good. people are obsessed with power, and are greedy, and the main villian, muska, greatly shows this.all in all, laputa: castle in the sky was a great film to begin with, and is now improved for the most part. i am glad a more mainstream audience now have the chance to see this classic animated film in all it's glory. with a great voice cast who put a lot into the film with the excellent redone musical score from joe hisaishi, disney has done a nice job on this dub and is quite worthy. though i think the voices matched the mouths better in the kiki and princess mononoke disney dubs, castle in the sky is still a great dub and is worth the long delays because now more can expierence a fantastic film.

i first saw this back in the early 90s on uk tv, i did like it then but i missed the chance to tape it, many years passed but the film always stuck with me and i lost hope of seeing it tv again, the main thing that stuck with me was the end, the hole castle part really touched me, its easy to watch, has a great story, great music, the list goes on and on, its ok me saying how good it is but everyone will take there own best bits away with them once they have seen it, yes the animation is top notch and beautiful to watch, it does show its age in a very few parts but that has now become part of it beauty, i am so glad it has came out on dvd as it is one of my top 10 films of all time. buy it or rent it just see it, best viewing is at night alone with drink and food in reach so you don't have to stop the film.enjoy

this is one of my all time favorite movies, period. i can't think of another movie that combines so many nice movie qualities like this one does. this flick has it all: action, adventure, science fiction, good vs. bad and even some romance (without even an innocent "peck" on the cheek between the pazu and sheeta). maybe best of all, you don't have to be in mensa to "get it" and enjoy the movie like you do with some of miyazaki's other movies (i don't know about you, but i watch movies to take a break from thinking). this is just a flat-out enjoyable movie that everyone will like, so do yourself a favor and go buy it. the only sour note is the american dubbing. i found vander-geek to be just plain annoying. but all is not lost, the original japanese version is on the two-disc set and it rocks! who cares if you can't understand spoken japanese? if you can read at a second-grade level then watch the original japanese recording with english subtitles. you won't regret it.

i first saw this film when i was about 8 years old on tv in the uk (where it was called "laupta: the flying island"). i absolutely loved it, and was heartbroken when it was repeated a while later and i missed it. i was enchanted by the story and characters, but most of all by the haunting and beautiful music. it would have been the original english dubbed version which i saw - sometimes erroneously referred to as the "streamline dub" (the dub was actually by ghibli themselves and only distributed by streamline) which is sadly unavailable except as part of a ridiculously expensive laser disc box-set.unfortunately i feel that the release has been partly spoiled by disney. the voice acting is ok but the dialogue doesn't have the same raw energy that the "streamline" dub or the original japanese had, and i think james van der beek sounds too old to play the lead. they have made some pointless alterations, such as changing the main character's name from "pazu" to "patzu", and added some dialogue. but worst of all i feel that they have ruined many scenes with intrusive music - the opening scene of the airships for example was originally silent but has been spoiled thanks to disney's moronic requirement that there be music playing whenever anyone is not speaking, which i find annoying in many disney films.this film still blows away most recent animated films, and i cannot recommend it highly enough. the plot is simple yet captivating and the film shows a flair which is sadly missing from most modern mass-market, homogenized animation.

this is one of the best animated family films of all time. moreover, virtually all of the serious rivals for this title came from the same creative mind of hiyao miyazaki and his studio ghibli. specifically, other great films include "my neighbor totoro" and "kikki's delivery service." spirited away is quite good, but a bit too creepy for typical family fare - better for teenagers and adult. the one thing that sets "laputa: castle in the sky" apart from other films by miyazaki is that it is far more of a tension-filled adventure ride.why is this film so good? because it's a complete package: the animation is very well done, and the story is truly engaging and compelling.most japanese anime is imaginative, but decidedly dark or cynical or violent; and the animation itself is often jerky, stylized, and juvenile. none of these problems plague castle in the sky. it has imagination to burn, and the characters are well drawn, if slightly exaggerated versions of realistic people. (none of those trench-coat wearing posers) there is plenty of adventure, but not blood and gore. the animation is smooth, detailed, and cinematic ally composed - not a lot of flat shots. the backgrounds are wonderful.the voice acting in the dubbed english version is first rate, particularly the two leads, pazo (james van der beek) and sheeta (anna paquin). the sound engineering is great, too. use your studio sound, if you've got it.one aspect that i particularly enjoyed is that much of the back story is left unexplained. laputa was once inhabited, and is now abandoned. why? we never know. we know as much as we need to know, and then we just have to accept the rest, which is easy to do because the invented world is so fully realized. indeed, it is fair to say that the world is more fully realized than most of the minor characters, who are for the most part one-dimensional stock characters (e.g., gruff general, silly sidekick, kooky old miner, etc.) highly recommended for people aged 6 to 60!

i have seen just about all of miyazaki's films, and they are all beautiful and captivating. but this one rises above the rest. this movie totally impressed me!i fell in love with pazu and sheeta, and their sweet, caring friendship. they were what made the movie for me. of course, the animation is also superb and the music captures the feelings in the film perfectly. but the characters are the shining point in this movie: they are so well developed and full of personality.now, let me clarify: i'm really talking about the japanese version of the movie (with english subs). while the english dub is good (mostly), it simply pales in comparison to the original language version. the voices are better, the dialogue, everything. so i suggest seeing (and hearing) the movie the way it originally was.

hayao miyazaki has no equal when it comes to using hand-drawn animation as a form of storytelling, yet often he is being compared to walt disney. that is just so unfair, because it becomes apparent by watching miyazaki's films that he is the superior artist. he really has a gift of thrilling both grownups and children, and laputa is indeed one awesome ride.but where can i begin to describe a movie so magical and breathtaking! miyazaki's works have never cease to amaze me. laputa is an adventure of a grand scale and i wonder how a film can be so packed with details and imagination. ask yourself this question: if you are a kid dreaming of an adventure so grand in scope and so magical, what would it be like? the answer would be to strap yourself in some seat and watch laputa, because it's truly a childhood fantasy come true. every minute of the movie is rich and engrossing ... from the train chase to the amazing air-flying sequences... and to the wonderous sight of the floating castle itself. not to mention the excellent score by joe hisaishi! everything you ever possibly want from an adventure movie is here.

this early anime movie was a rather good film that i caught once on the science fiction channel when anime was actually popular here in america and not the ratings disaster that adult swim claims it is on the cartoon network. i quite frankly think it has less to do with it being less popular and more with the fact people would rather now buy dvds are watch the episodes uncut on the internet. this film though probably did not have all that many cuts and the voice work was okay for a dubbed movie, though i would rather watch the original japanese version. americans tend to use some rather annoying voices for children in anything dubbed. this film features a young boy who boards a train called the galaxy express in the hopes that he can make it to a planet that has the technology to turn him into a robot. he wishes to become a robot to avenge his mother, who was brutally murdered at the hands of a robot who hunts humans for fun. during the course of his adventures he becomes friends with the various workers aboard the train as well as a woman that resembles his deceased mother, a beautiful woman named matel, who as with most woman in anime movies has a secret that could either be really good for our young hero, or really bad. he goes from planet to planet too as the train makes various stops and he runs into a space pirate named captain harlock who apparently starred in his own animated cartoon series, so basically the galaxy express takes place in that universe. all in all a very good ride with a rather strange and unexpected ending. there would be a sequel to this one, but it was not quite as good as this one, however the ending was a bit more final than it was here.

what can i say ? an action and allegorical tale which has just about everything. basically a coming of age tale about a young boy who is thrust into a position of having to save the world ..... and more. he meets a dazzling array of heroes and villains, and has quite a time telling them apart. a definite must-see.

anyone who thinks anime is nothing but sex and violence will be silenced forever after watching this movie. this is a fine movie that tells about tetsuro's quest to avenge his mother's death, but also grows up in the process. the journey on the train sort of represents tetsuro's journey from boyhood to manhood. the music and visual styles of the movie are a bit dated (you can tell it's a 70's movie) and the animation is only slightly better than your average "star blazers" episode. but the story and the characters are so strong, it really doesn't matter. a must-see for any animation fan!

one word can describe this movie and that is weird. i recorded this movie one day because it was a japanese animation and it was old so i thought it would be interesting. well it was, the movie is about a young boy who travels the universe to get a metal body so he can seek revenge. on the way he meets very colorful characters and must ultimately decide if he wants the body or not. very strange, if you are a fan of animation/science-fiction you might want to check this out.

galaxy express 999 (ginga tetsudô three-nine). made in 1979. directed by rintaro. based on the original work by leiji matsumoto.what little i know of the history of galaxy express 999, it was first published as a popular manga in 1970's and was created by leiji matsumoto. ge999 is set in the same star wars-type of space universe as matsumoto's other famous space manga: captain harlock. in fact space pirate harlock and other characters from that manga (including queen emeraldas and tochirô oyama) make appearances in ge999. ge999 was a success as a manga and was soon followed by also popular anime series which included over 100 episodes. it was aired in 1978. a year later came this anime film, which isn't a sequel to the series, but summaries the main points of the story in two hours long movie. the story is set in unidentified star wars-type of future where journeying to different planets has become a possibility. people of the future can have themselves mechanical bodies in which they can live hundreds of years, maybe even forever. the protagonist, tetsurô hoshino, is a young boy who witnesses how a cruel count mecha, whose entire body is made of mechanical parts, kills tetsurô's mother. tetsurô swears revenge and is convinced that he can only achieve it by having a mechanical body. to obtain it he must travel to a far-away planet with space train galaxy express 999. however, since tetsurô comes from poverty, he has no money to obtain the expensive ticket. by a chance coincidence he meets a beautiful young woman, maetel, who bears a resemblance to his dead mother. maetel offers a ticket for tetsurô on a condition that she accompanies him on his journey. and so the journey begins…i first saw this film last october, about six months from now, and again yesterday. i feel that i must first tell about the thing that bothered me the most in this film: it seems very rushed. then again what can you expect from 2 hours long movie that tries to tell the main points of over 100 episodes long series? whatever the case, the situations change with a fast speed and tetsurô meets other important characters in the story mostly by pure chance. i feel makers should have either left something out or include extra 30 minutes. however, there's no arguing that ge999 has deserved its place as an anime classic. the animation itself, very faithful to the style of matsumoto's manga, is detailed and beautiful to watch. even after almost 30 years of its release the animation has not become "out of date" but puts many later anime films in shame. the music through out the film is enjoyable to listen even if somewhat "old" these day (it was the 70's after all). i have not heard any english dub of this film so i can only comment the japanese audio which is good. voice actors give life to their characters, most memorable ones being masako nozawa (mainly known as the voice of goku through out the entire dragon ball saga) as the excited and young tetsurô, and masako ikeda as the calm and mysterious maetel. the supporting characters are not left in shadows, but also have a life of their own, most memorable to me being waitress claire. the story itself is suitable for both those who are looking for an entertainment for couple of hours, as well as for those who try to find deeper messages. ge999 is an entertaining adventure film but can also be seen as tetsurô's journey from boyhood to manhood. the whole film is told from his point of view, so we are forced to feel what he feels. i think many people can relate to tetsurô, for despite the fantasy elements, he is a very realistic character: young, hot headed, awkward and naive. we follow him as he starts to see differences between humans and machines and come to conclusion whether he wants the mechanical body or not. maetel on the other hand stays as a mystery in the film and even in the end, when she reveals who and what she really is, it doesn't much answer to anything. maetel can be seen as a dream of a growing young man, always close but just out of reach. it's is the strange yet beautiful relationship between tetsurô and maetel that still awakes talking and questions, and fascinates after the decades. people have argued if their relationship is that of a two friends, of mother and son, or of two possible lovers (which wakes a lot of critique since maetel's age is unknown and tetsurô hasn't even reached his puberty yet). without any means to sound deep, i think the best term to describe them is "soul mates". there is no question that the two feel devotion, caring and love for each others, yet it goes beyond that of friendship, family and lovers. i think that if their relationship would be stuffed in any of those categories, it would take something out of the whole film and of the characters. the ending scene, even if you already know what is going to happen, is still very touching and memorable.all in all, despite the rushing of plot and some corny scenes, galaxy express 999 holds its place as an anime classic amongst the films like katsuhiro otomo's akira (1988) and mamoru oshii's ghost in the shell (1995). the film is directed by rintaro, who had previous experience of leiji matsumoto's works as he had worked in captain harlock series. later rinatro directed a wonderful looking metropolis (2001) that also questions the difference between humans and machines. galaxy express 999 (1979) is a classic that should be seen at least once by every anime fan.

yeah, it is. in fact, it's somewhere in my top 20 all time favorite movies. number 15, i think. anyways, i'm usually not one for plots, but i think plots work better in anime and rpg video games, (final fantasy 7, for example) and not movies. but this one has it all. vivid drawings of planets, stars, an extremely well written screenplay. while this is not really for children, they can still watch it, it contains no graphic blood, guts and silicone. but i don't think they're going to understand it.

i saw this as a child in the late eighties and i must say, galaxy express is one of those films that sticks in your imagination for a long time. if you've never understood the appeal of anime, discovering this film may be your golden ticket to otaku-town.the story is as delicate and poetic as ridley scott's blade runner. the cell animation, while somewhat traditional, possesses a vivid style that explosively portrays leiji matsumoto's great talent for character design and visual storytelling.this is one of those unique children's films like star wars, the dark crystal and the wizard of oz that completely transcends 'family entertainment' status and stands as a classic of cinema on its own terms.i highly recommend this film.

those childhood memories...when things were new, and we were filled with curiosity about the world around us; as we took those initial first steps in the long journey we call life.one of the initial memories i have from childhood is this animated program "galaxy express 999," about a young boy named tetsuro, who goes on a train ride around the galaxy, in the hopes of gaining a mechanical body in order to avenge the senseless death of his mother at the hands of cold-hearted, trophy gathering mechanical hunters. accompanying tetsuro on his journey is maetel, a woman of exquisite golden beauty who reminds him of the mother he lost all those years ago...back in the early-80's, as a boy who attended kindergarten and the early years of elementary school in seoul, south korea, "galaxy express 999" was a phenomenally popular animated program imported from japan, which inspired young boys who tuned in to dream of countless adventures in their often tumultuous and exciting journey through life that awaited them. the memories of tuning into this animated program on weekdays between 8 to 9pm before bed time...those were some wonderful memories, never to be had again...as i moved to america, and while residing here for over 2 decades, i sometimes wondered about that time and place, in a country thousands of miles away divided from america by an enormously vast ocean, of this childhood program, with its hit theme song, and of the boy named tetsuro, his protective companion maetel, the enigmatic train conductor, and of the spacefaring train galaxy express 999.many, many years passed...last summer while i was in korea, i was able to track down a copy of the original "galaxy express 999" (1979) on dvd, and it brought back a lot of nostalgic, heartfelt memories. "galaxy express 999" remains as captivating as the first time you discovered it all those years ago, opening up those nostalgic memories of new discoveries, an important stepping stone for young boys who tuned in and embarked on their life's journey into manhood.here's to wonderful memories. "good-bye, maetel. good-bye, galaxy express 999...good-bye, to my childhood."10/10

this is my favorite of the older tom & jerry cartoons from the early 40's. the original version with mammy two shoes is on the tom & jerry spotlight collection 2 set, disc one, and showcases the wonderful detailed animation of the early cartoons. the gags on this one aren't all madcap avery style, but more subtle and aimed at anyone who's ever stayed up late watching scary movies (or radio programs)! tom is listening to a creepy radio show, and jerry decides to play a number of tricks to spook him. the nine-lives gag is well done here, and i don't know how many times i tried to make a vacuum and a sheet that scary when i was a kid. when tom's owner is awakened by the ruckus- mammy was not the maid, it was her house- she gets one heck of a surprise, with a big laugh. get your pause button ready, it's worth it!

spoilerstom and jerry is a classic cartoon, with a flawless idea, and almost every single short is a gem. while i must say that this is definitely an inferior short compared such other classic tom and jerry shorts, there is not way you can hate this cartoon. sure, it is understandable to say that this is one of the worst of the first tom and jerry episodes, and i can say that i agree, but the fact of the matter is that all tom and jerry episodes are great, but some are just better than others. well, this would fit into "others." here is the plot of fraidy cat. tom is listening to an old scary radio broadcast, and becomes easily frightened. jerry observes how scared he is, and tries to scare him even more than he already is. he creates scary dilemmas for tom, and tom becomes scared out of his wits, and his lives. jerry then puts a sheet over a vacuum cleaner and controls it, thus making it look like the vacuum is a ghost. tom finds out that jerry did all of this, and chases him. tom then accidentally bites the house maid. however, at the end jerry ends up the one becoming scared after he sees his reflection in a flour cup.overall, this is far from the best tom and jerry short out there, but this is still a fun and entertaining piece of time. it makes me wish that there was more cartoons like this. the slapstick and gags in this that make tom and jerry famous are as good as ever in this short, but it felt like something was missing in this. it felt slower than most tom and jerry shorts. anyway, this is a good short that does not quite live up to some other tom and jerry cartoons, but it is still nice.7/10

"fraidy cat", the 4th of these cartoons, is a good one. at least i like it, so i'm surprised that this is getting mixed reviews.this one is more of a macabre story than a funny one, although it has its moments of comedy. the atmosphere is dark and spooky. suspense is another strong element here. as for humor, it's mostly dark humor.in this short, tom listens to a creepy radio show at night and is absolutely terrified because it is about ghosts, something he believes. while tom is scared to death, jerry is watching everything and can't help but laugh the whole time. in fact, jerry quickly finds a way to torture him more and more. with the help of a white shirt and a vacuum cleaner he creates a big "ghost".tom lives the scariest experience of his whole life. although jerry scares tom without a good reason, the way the story is made ends up being funny. plus, once again, there is no violence here because this is one of tom & jerry's oldest cartoons. however, i don't get that joke of tom's 9 lives nearly sucked into the vacuum cleaner.when tom finally finds out that it was all a jerry's scheme and that jerry made a fool out of him, jerry is «caught with the hand in the cookie jar» (he deserves to be discovered). yet, tom shows an incredible patience before reacting. he angrily looks at jerry for about a minute. the funny thing is that jerry invites tom to laugh with him and takes about half a minute to realize that tom is looking at him with a very serious face. jerry tries to be funny, but tom doesn't laugh.overall, this is a different, peculiar and remarkable tom & jerry experience.

here is a favorite tom & jerry cartoon perfect for halloween. i know it dosen't have much creepiness, but has the 'trick' as in "trick or treat," as jerry did to tom with the window blind and the vacuum-cleaner with a collared-shirt hanging on it to make it like a ghost; but still like to put it on my list of halloween cartoons. in this short, tom was listening to the "witching hour," a ghost-story program on the radio, and being frightened by the horror story being told. halfway into the story, the dramatics (hair standing on end, heart leaping into throat, icy chills on spine) begin happening to tom . . . literally. and jerry has been observing the whole thing and laughing to himself, thought he highen tom fears by scaring him.i love the ending, it was a little funny. and you know, this short is the first of four cartoons in which tom attacks mammy two shoes; the others being the lonesome mouse, a mouse in the house and nit-witty kitty. and also this short is the first of twenty-five cartoons where tom speaks. the others are the lonesome mouse, the zoot cat, the million dollar cat, the bodyguard, mouse trouble, the mouse comes to dinner, quiet please!, trap happy, solid serenade, mouse cleaning, texas tom, mucho mouse, and the cat above and the mouse below directed by chuck jones.

this film is not about a cat and mouse fight as stated in the other comment. its about a cat that has used up 8 of its 9 lives and now lives in fear of loosing its last one. the cat is jumpy and scared to death all of the time, hence the name 'fraidy cat'. fraidy cat's previous lives haunt him as ghosts which are from different era's in time and are constantly trying to kill him off, but he is most fearful of the ninth life which is represented as a cloud in the shape of a number 9 and spits out lighting bolts. very old now but would still be fun for the kids if you got hold of a copy. i watched this movie almost every day as a child :o)

i'm a huge fan of the twin sisters. although this was one of their "not soo good" movies. i'm not saying it's bad, i can't say it's bad, but this whole popular and not popular thingy isn't good. although i give this movie a 4.

i thought that this was an absolutely charming movie centering around the lives of mary-kate's and ashley's characters sam and emma stanton! they are both trying to make both themselves and their parents happy but; unfortunately, it's just not that easy for them to actually do! i thought that this was an utterly charming and sweet movie and if you are a real fan of these marvelous young ladies then i'm sure that you'll agree with me here! if you haven't seen this movie yet then i say you really missed-out; big time, and that you should definitely take the time out to see it now! this movie is a real winner! sincerely, rick morris

this movie is so good i could watch it all day long! mary-kate and ashley were robbed at oscar time!! if i got to be one of the actors i would be so excited!!! i can't wait for the new charlie's angels movie starring mary-kate and ashley.

i, as a teenager really enjoyed this movie! mary kate and ashley worked great together and everyone seemed so at ease. i thought the movie plot was very good and hope everyone else enjoys it to! be sure and rent it!! also they had some great soccer scenes for all those soccer players! :)

i think that this movie was reasonbaly good. it's kinda weird that now the olsen twins are 13 and have boyfriends and all. i enjoyed them alot when they were little kids on full house. anyway, the casting was good and the movie was somewhat funny. i kind of got mixed up between all the switching places and their names. it's just kind of an older version of it takes two.

believe it or not, inspector gadget's last case is what got me hooked on the whole gadget thing.my name is miriam and i am twelve years old, so obviously i wasn't around when inspector gadget was at the top of his career. sure, i'd heard of him, but i didn't really know him.while reading, note that i never saw the original series (i would if it came on!). this is just about the only gadget thing i've ever watched (even though i am now obsessed) and i will be focusing on what i liked about it since everyone else is so negative. for all you pessimists, i've got some cons down there, too. =p first off, for a childish sense of humor, you could deem this movie pretty funny. i thought it was, so sue me. i also thought the animation and character designs were good, and i'm also happy there was more gadget in it, since he's my favorite character. (i do not like penny.) then there was claw (his voice was awful, though) and the madcat; i thought they were done fairly good too. gadget's idiocy seemed pretty well in place, if not a bit exaggerated (i.e. sucking his hat-hand thing's thumb. would make a good screen shot, though. =p) oh, and i liked the song that ran in the credits. yes, i am strange.and, like all movies, there are some negatives, too.talking cars? what's up with that? you can tell this was aimed at younger boys. that wouldn't bother me quite so much if there wasn't the fact that the cars basically saved the day. i would have much preferred if penny and brain had taken their place. and, apparently, gadget loved his car more than would be called natural. a bit weird, to say the least.oh, and the chief was downright mean to gadget. i mean, sheesh, yeah, he wasn't always the most cheerful of people, but he didn't hate gadget, from what i've read. like the inspector, his personality was exaggerated.well, that's pretty much all i have to say about this movie. i thought the animation made up for the car-centered plot and that it was overall pretty decent; more so than the live-action gadget films (butchered, butchered, butchered!) at least. maybe i'm just biased because this is what got me into gadget in the first place, or maybe my mind is twisted, or maybe i'm just odd, but i really liked this movie, even if i'm the oldest it's recommended for.

"the brak show " is good .probably not in the same level than "aqua teen hunger " or "space ghost coast to coast ", but definitely it have many brilliant moments .basically it follows the life of zorak and brak that have normal lives and go to the school ,living in a neighborhood on the style of the 50 'sitcoms . the humor and the animation of this show it's very much as "aqua teen hunger " (and in one episode you could see meatwad) with bizarre situations and strange characters .but it is good ,it have funny parts . some of the songs are great ,others not very much but i like this show . the funniest character is the father of brak . (that is a human ,nobody knows why )

leave it to braik to put on a good show. finally he and zorak are living their own lives outside of spac ghost coast to coast. i have to say that i love both of these shows a whole lot. they are completely what started adult swim. brak made it big with an album that came out in the year 2000. it may not have been platinum, but his show was really popular to tons of people out there that love adult swims shows. i have to say that out of all the adult swim shows with no plot, this has to be the one with the most none plot ever made. that is why i like it so much, it is just such a classic in the adult swim history. i believe this is just such a great show, if you don't like it. hey there were tons who hated it and tons who loved it.

i really really love this show! i have always liked the 1990's shows of space ghost! this show was hilarious and i can't believe why cartoon network's adult swim would take such a funny show like this off the air. i hope they put this show on dvd or something. the show is about brak (from the space ghost cartoons, sgcc and cartoon planet) who lives his every day life with his mom and dad and his best friend who likes to drop in a lot, zorak! my favorite episodes were the one where zorak gets this really good singing voice and then his voice doesn't give him any money that zorak made from singing at all. another episode i like is the one where brak and zorak didn't finish their homework and then they go back from sunday to friday and they just goof off and then they go back to the day homework was invented and then when they go back to the present homework didn't exist! another episode i like is the one where brak's dad and their next door neighbor, thundercleese the robot keep getting into this agrument and then they get eaten by a giant worm. another episode i liked was the one where zorak makes a bully stand and then some new guy took over his stand. i also like a lot of the other episodes! one thing that never fails to make me laugh is when zorak is getting beaten up, blasted and zapped!

this was a delightful presentation. hemo (blood) as a greek god was so well played by the animation with vanity, arrogance, snobbish superiority and innocent wonder. the quote (or scene) i recall vividly is when hemo tires of "all this plumbing ... you haven't learned my secrets at all" and threatens to storm out, the scientist answers him in a single word "thalassa" -- salt water which horrifies the fiction writer but mollifies hemo and segues so neatly into the chemical aspects of blood. such a splendid blend of entertainment and information make this a classic as fresh and engrossing today as the day it was released. stimulating the interest and imagination is fundamental to teaching kids to love learning.

by god, it's been a long time since i saw this. probably about 18 years ago?the movie tells us (kids) all about human blood and the circulatory system. very professionally put together--disney-style animation, plus human actors--it was directed by frank capra, for pete's sake!kind of an overkill. i wonder if the very high production value is worth what amounts to a film-strip's worth of information on the human body? but boy will those kids watching it learn: even now i can clearly remember dr. baxter being challenged by hemo himself to name what common material most resembles human blood, to which the doctor immediately answers "sea water."

a frank capra wonders of life film.keeping the blood pumping through our veins is the responsibility of hardworking hemo the magnificent.in the mid-1950's, at&t and bell science teamed with famed hollywood director frank capra to produce a series of cbs television science films to educate the public about the universe around them. a far cry from the dreary black & white fodder so often foisted off on young scholars, the capra films would both instruct and entertain with lively scripts and eye-catching visuals shown in technicolor. the four films - our mr. sun (1956), the strange case of the cosmic rays (1957), hemo the magnificent (1957), the unchained goddess (1958) - quickly became schoolhouse favorites, where they were endlessly shown in 16mm format.the star of the series was dr. frank c. baxter (1896-1982), an affable english professor at the university of southern california. this avuncular pedagogue proved to be the perfect film instructor, genially imparting to his audience the sometimes complex facts in a manner which never made them seem dull or boring. dr. baxter, who won a peabody award for his achievements, continued making high quality instructional films after the capra quartet were concluded.hemo the magnificent, which was produced, written & directed by capra, relates the story of the human heart and blood circulation system, using animation and gentle humor. film star richard carlson appears as the fiction writer, energetically helping dr. baxter tell hemo's tale.movie mavens will recognize sterling holloway as part of the tv production crew, and the voices of marvin miller, mel blanc, june foray & pinto colvig as various cartoon characters, all uncredited.the devotional scripture which begins the film is completely in tune with the tenor & tone of the production.

so many educational films are nothing more than mind-numbing drudgery, saved only by the fact that "mst3k" mocks them ("why study industrial arts?" comes to mind). "hemo the magnificent" is actually quite well done. it's all about blood, the heart, and the circulatory system. i admit that i don't remember everything from it, but it does a good job explaining everything, keeping it serious but entertaining. i guess that you can always count on june foray (most famously the voice of rocky the squirrel, she plays a deer here).since "hemo the magnificent" itself may be hard to find, probably the best place to see it is in "gremlins": a class is watching it while a gremlin is forming.

"secret of the lens" is perhaps a pretty campy all-time favorite of mine. the best and funniest from kajawari yoshiaki, who is known for splatter anime and sleazy hentai-ecchi anime. i wish he did more campiness like this.my favorite scenes are the psychedelic cg sequence, the parts where lord helumis blows up his failing henchmen, the party riots that bill causes (one of the funniest scenes) and whenever my favorite character, worsle appears.check this out.warning:this is not for serious sophisticated anime fans!

people don't seem to be giving lensman enough credit where its due. a few issues have been overlooked which are key to understanding the lensman experience.the year: for the year it was made in (1984) lensman features some of the most stunning effects i've ever seen. as a person who watches a lot of early 80's animation lensman is unique in it's use of what appears to be computer-generated imagery at a time when computers were extremely primitive. kim's battle against the geometric cutter pods in the laser maze can be taken as an excellent example of this. every time i watch that i have to keep repeating to myself that it was 1984 when it was made.the soundtrack: lensman has one of the most insane soundtracks that i've heard, and this mad hysterical beat permeates every corner of the film. lensman borrowed heavily on two western mistakes and managed to somewhat deal with the first one - the need to fill in every second of silence in a film with music and the need for a heroine. while the music is attuned well and galvanizes scenes such as the motorcycle battle in the thionite factory on radelyx, the heroine theme fails due to the sheer annoyance value of chris. it's interesting to note that the constant music thwarted my attempts at noise removal when i was archiving lensman over from analog tape to digital format - since there wasn't a single second of silence available to use as a reference point.western influences: helmut - sounds like "helmet" and has roughly the same voice as darth vader. clarissa fairborn - has the same hairstyle as the princess of sw and her name sounds suspiciously similar to marissa fairborn of transformers. takes over han solos role by flying the ship and having some technical expertise. buzzkirk - a definite improvement on chewbaka. the lens - a nice concrete copy of the force that comes across less as a chance to preach christianity at the audience than in the original sw. while the force relied on belief far more than concentration, the lens is a pure concentration tool. theoretically, anyone could wield the lens. the lens is far more limited than the force - being purely a defensive/offensive weapon.technology: the boskone alliance have interesting meatball sponge ships. they look like stormtroopers only with red uniforms instead of white. the idea of a dna weapon was nice if only it had been developed. the galactic alliance looked like starblazers (or whatever it was called - that 60's series where they were battling the xylons). there weren't enough ship to ship battles for me - this is much improved upon in the second lensman film.finally a note on worzel. this character is a unique and very interesting character-design who fortunately continues on to the second film.

lensman is a rather lesser-known anime gem from toho and mk studios.it's loosely based on the novel,but it reminds me more of the game "metroid".if you want to see this,see it in japanese with subtitles or just plain japanese.the english dubbed version was almost cropped and edited to death.there is not much new,despite the fact that it's the 1st animated feature to combine cg-graphics with hand-drawn animation,but it's fun to watch,nevertheless.

though i like e.e. "doc" smith's books and david a. kyles books of lensman, the anime, which is loosly based on the books, is quite a fun and somewhat innovative fair.though the story may seem familiar to sci-fi/fantasy buffs, such as some kid on an isolated planet inherits mystical powers and avenges the death of his family, it is quite an entertaining one nonetheless. plus, lensman was the first animated motion picture to use hand drawn and cg animation all at once. sure, it may look a bit outdated now, but it is still an innovation. if it were not for lensman, none of that would have ever happened (personally, i think computer graphics look better in animation that live action.)too bad they only released it on dvd/vcd in a few countries in the worls (mostly on formats that are quite foreign and different). i just wish they release the lensman movie and tv series on dvd/vcd in every part of the world, not just certain parts.p.s. worsel rules! i just think he is so amazing and neat looking as well.

got to this show late - believe it was the 3rd, and final episode, when first watched it - and was blown away by a social commentary that hasn't been seen on american tv since 'all in the family'.was very surprised cbs would even run this in the first place.which is merely to say the last time cbs 'had a set' - if you know what i mean - was back in the day of 'all in the family'. the most controversial decision they're willing to tackle today is how much eye make-up to put on katie couric.if you want to make a bunch of folks really, really mad - let them discover the truth about themselves. and if you want them willing to pull strings, make calls, and get a work of art removed - let them discover that truth by hearing their own words spoken from their own mouths.the aardman folks have always been way ahead of the curve. and this show is no different. somehow it snuck under the cbs 'corporate/social/political/censor radar' to get it onto the schedule (perhaps the 'big brass' never really watched it till it finally aired?), but once good 'ol middle 'merika heard and saw themselves being themselves - well, can bet the farm that message, or the messenger, won't last long.now, if only the 'missing episodes' can find their way onto usenet or bit-torrent ;-)thank you bc kelly tallahassee fla

creature comforts in america should have been released on a different network, or at least been given the chance to have its full run of episodes. unfortunately, this was not the case. given that american audiences (seemingly) have the attention spans of a gnat when it comes to the humor that does not consist of profanity laced diatribes, or has a preoccupation with scatological functions (both sound and smells), shows like this will be few and far between. one of the main problems was that however brilliant it was, it was made for a rarefied audience who knew what to expect but was viewed by an audience and board rooms that did not have a clue at to what they were watching. which is sad, but not unexpected. i would have liked to have seen at least three more seasons of this show even if it was produced for direct dvd release. the material and the interactions between the creatures were rich with sub context and there were other conversations just waiting to be had under the surface. but thanks to political correctness, such conversations take place only in my mind.

aardman does it again. next to pixar, aardman animation proves again and again how to do animation properly.i had a great time watching the first episode of creature comforts. i thought it translated well for american audiences. my only concern is that most of the audiences aren't going to get the subtle humor in this show.having been a fan of the bbc version and the short film, i knew what i was in for when i sat down to watch this. the animators did a great job matching up pre-recorded voices to a perfect match animal. look at the first episode with the goat, who sounds stoned, and the dogs on the street that keep calling each other "dawg".is this for everyone? not by a long shot. in fact, i'd be happy to see the show last for a full season. but like i said before, audiences aren't going to get it.

i was privileged to have seen some snippets from aardman's original run of this show in the uk. it was always fun and always funny. none of the charm has been lost in translation--it's as fresh as the people interviewed--whether some of it is scripted or not, as has been rumored, is beside the point. it's always entertaining.aardman animations shows great imagination in the characters used for each voice, the single aspect that i probably love most about the show and its concept (the hostility between the pandas, the porcupines discussing fear of needles, the painting ape). regulars really grow on you as well, such as the horse and donkey teens from maryland, most every married couple (the parrots, the insects, and the cats to name a few) and child-voiced character, and i've really come to dig the ferret! monday's finally become a day to which to look forward.

i wasn't going to watch this show. but, i'm glad i did. the critics of this just don't get it! it's one of the funniest and most entertaining thing on t.v at the present moment! though, when the interviews were done with common folks they probably seemed useless; but, put them in the mouth of animals and insects, and it's a laugh riot. i laughed so hard, i had tears in my eyes. the pig with the babies suckling and her mother is priceless. the husband and wife birds talking about health problems, and the male bird taking a crap after the wife said she was constipated completely broke me up! creature comforts is the most imaginative show i've ever seen in awhile! hopefully, it will be back next summer when this run is over.

but just as entertaining and random! love it or hate it, but don't expect a sophisticated plot or nail-biting cliffhanger. think of it like seinfeld, but without the follow-through and repeat performances of wacky characters (well...so far; i have a feeling i will develop favourites as the season continues)."creature comforts" is not for the faint of humour - it's meant to be enjoyed with the least amount of effort on your brain's part. which is why this show embodies everything i need in a program when i get home from work in the evening: superficial conversation in the background with just the right amount of "cute" to the characters for me to enjoy when i eventually look up from the computer to see what i'm missing.funnier than most of today's sitcoms, calmer than an evening at nascar. just the right mix of dead air and comebacks. can't wait for the next one.

with films like "wallace & gromit" and "chicken run" under their belt, the good people from the other side of the pond, aardman animation, are now introducing us to a bit of their twisted humor in the form of "creature comforts".derived from a short done early in their careers, "creature comforts" is a slice-of-life show where snippets of conversation are removed from their context and given to an animal of some sort.aardman animation went across the country interviewing people with innocuous questions such as, "are you a liar?" and then speed things up a bit asking about their sex lives.the answers, while seeming to be boring and mundane, are actually quite funny, when you understand the dialogs come first and the animals are added later.how many of these animals look like the person making the statements? one of the characters discussing what he looks for in a woman, "i like them kind of thin." is an insect, the walking stick.there are two dogs discussing odors and smells, while sniffing the behind of a poodle, as they talk about the different smells of a woman.there are two birds in a cage. as the "wife" tells the litany that is her health, her long suffering husband stands by her, saying nothing.while it might take some time for "creature comforts" to find it's "legs", it should find a place on television for those who are tired of the ordinary. while there are more reality shows than carter has liver pills, "creature comforts" is one of a kind and definitely worth watching.some of the humor might seem a little racy, it's the claymation that catches the attention of the children (like the old batman series of the 60's, the jokes are subtle enough the kids won't get them) and it's the jokes that are there for the adults.

i was delighted to finally see the release of amazing stories the first season on dvd. i had forgotten just what a stellar cast of actors and directors worked on this series. for the longest time the only way you got to see this remarkable series was with the vhs 2 or 3 episode collections or when sci-fi would re-run the episodes. however, when sci-fi would host the re-runs, they generally stuck to the same episodes. there were a few outstanding episodes in season one like the mission that they didn't repeat. does anyone know exactly how long this series ran? it says 1985 to 1987 at the top here at imdb but i thought it ran longer than two years. if you loved the twilight zone, night gallery and outer limits, you will love this series and you will not be disappointed with your purchase.

this series was just like what you would expect from mr.spielberg. it is truly one of those frighting, funny, childish shows that you won't forget. just like outer limits (another great show) this little series does what not a lot can. it was great, and deserved to run longer. it was a great show, that even kids could watch, though some of the shows were a little scary when they wanted to be, but all of them always had a moral at the end (like the twilight zone) that made you realize what situation you didn't want to end up in, or ones that you did. i remember watching some of these on sci-fi when i was 10, and even now, i still enjoy seeing them when i can. truly a fun, imaginative show. i loved it, and still do.

steven spielberg produced, wrote, came up with ideas for and even directed episodes of amazing stories, so naturally this would have to be the greatest anthology ever right? unfortunately wrong. some episodes are just fantastic, but all too often it was a mixed bag. in fact, that might have been it's downfall is it was way too mixed. some episodes were light comedies, some were dramas, some were horror, and one was even animated, which made this a similar, but not as good 80s version of the twilight zone (which also was around).normally i'd like having a mixture of stories in an anthology show, but they just didn't fully work here. some of the more fantastical dramatic episodes felt like they would be better being shown late on night on the lifetime network, like the episode "ghost train", which was directed by spielberg himself. in that episode, it gave the message of hope, and gave us a fantasy story, but overall it was just a build up to the ending which didn't blow me away anyways. the horror episodes tended to work better than the drama, but there were far more dramatic ones, and they grow tiring to watch. acting wise, this anthology got some big stars, similar to the original twilight zone. kevin costner, kiefer sutherland, milton berle, dom deluise, harvey keitel, beau bridges, charlie sheen, forrest whitaker, tim robbins, john lithgow, rhea perlman, danny devito, patrick swayze, christopher lloyd, june lockhart, kathy baker, weird al yankovich and many other well knowns have been in episodes of the show. it's fun to see well known actors in almost every episode of the series. great directors have also had part in episodes including spielberg himself, clint eastwood, burt reynolds, bob clark, joe dante, mick garris, paul bartel, joe dante, robert zemeckis, danny devito and even martin scorsese. i'd actually recommend this more to fans of the directors and/or the 80s than anyone else.amazing stories was sometimes amazing, usually good, occasionally mediocre, and every once in a while a real stinker came out. but, this show has nostalgic value to me, and it's sort of fun to sit on boring afternoons and watch some episodes. john williams' theme music for the show is sure to be caught in anyone's head who watches this, too.my rating: good show. 30 mins. per episode. tvpg

part of what was so great about the classic looney tunes cartoons was their irreverence and how they weren't afraid to do anything that they wanted. in this case, marvin the martian has an assignment to bring back an earthling. sure enough, he comes across bugs bunny, who warns of a mutiny on the part of marvin's dog. after marvin finally traps bugs - by means of an acme strait jacket-ejecting bazooka! - bugs has more stuff planned for the voyage back to mars. what i mean is, if you thought that it was a major change in the solar system when they stripped pluto of its planet status, then you ain't seen nothing yet! yes, "the hasty hare" goes all out. how they buy acme products in outer space is probably beyond most people, but the point here - i mean "hare" - is to have fun. and believe me, you definitely will. after all, a little space-out never hurt anyone.

this is one of quite a few cartoons with bugs bunny and marvin the martian - and a space dog called k-9 is included as well. this looney tunes episode is very funny, has reasonably good cartoon animation (marvin's animation is very well done) and the plot is well done. the end is rather weird, so be prepared for it, it is slightly boring. in this episode, marvin the martian has been sent to earth to capture an earth creature and bring it back to mars. with his trusty dog k-9, marvin sets out and soon finds the tracks of no other rabbit but bugs bunny! he greets them with treats, thinking they are trick or treaters in their costumes. little does he realise they are preparing themselves to take this rabbit to mars...i recommend this episode to anyone who likes bugs bunny, marvin the martian and looney tunes in general. as far as the beginning and the middle of the episode are concerned, you are likely to like this. enjoy "hasty hare"! :-)

this amusing bugs bunny cartoon sees the return of the still unnamed marvin the martian and his sidekick k-9 the green dog.this time instead of trying to destroy the earth marvin is on a mission to land, capture an earth creature and take it back to mars. of course the creature he picks is bugs bunny. at first bugs thinks marvin and k-9 are trick or treating but realises this can't be right when marvin drastically enlarges bug's rabbit hole with a ray-gun. bugs tries to trick his way out of the situation in a couple of ways, including persuading marvin that k-9 is planning a mutiny. eventually he is captured using an acme strait-jacket ejecting bazooka. amazingly, for an acme product, it works as advertised and bug's is forced to use his wits to get k-9 to release him, the tables are soon turned and the two disgruntled martians are trussed up and bugs is trying to fly their saucer back to earth.i really enjoyed this although the ending is a little weak compared to the rest of the story. marvin's voice has changed slightly here and he gets visible emotional when he is angry but this didn't make me like him or the cartoon any less.

this movie is the next segment in the pokemon movies which supplies everything on hopes and dreams of a pokemon warrior named ash ketchim and his friends. they go out and they look battle and run into new pokemon and take on new adventures with pikachu and other pokemon favorites. this adventure takes on with a new pokemon called celebi a time pokemon. go join ash brock and misty to find all sorts of new things!

whoever says pokemon is stupid can die. this movie is superlative. i even shead a tear when celebei died. i don't cry much! this film is a touching animated thriller. in this fourth installment of pokemon, ash and friends must stop the bad jerk from making celebei the ultimate evil weapon with his dark ball. in the time, sam and celebei travel through time and continuously are hunted by game hunters. i like the part with the double battle and sam has the apricorn pokeball (if you've played pokemon gold, silver, or crystal, you know what it is.)i also enjoyed having miramax in charge instead of warner brothers. putting the mini movie at the end was a great idea. the pokemon in this movie come to life more than ever.

my brother and i have pokemon 4ever on dvd. we watched it like a couple of times and it was the best. too bad it a new pokemon didn't talk this time. i'll get used to it.the iron masked marauder was pretty mean when he captured celebi with his dark ball. good thing ash and sam managed to snap him out of his control.there was only one song in the ending credits called cele-b-r-a-t-e performed by russell velazquez.pokemon 4ever became a success since the three previous films and people will always love that film.

the 4th pokemon movie made me cry when celebi died. don't you dare say that pokemon sucks! i don't like it when people say that.... i've liked pokemon for 5 or 6 years, so everyone should enjoy pokemon, including this movie and other pokemon movies. so, without further ado, please say that pokemon is great and should be enjoyed by people for all ages. and also, why do pokemon-haters give low ratings for all or most of the pokemon movies? i don't understand.... they shouldn't do that.... there's absolutely no reason why people should just vote without proving that pokemon sucks besides the fact that: 1) pokemon is for little kids only. 2) pokemon is stupid. and 3) people shouldn't like pokemon. i think this is why people don't like pokemon.

i have always enjoyed the pokemon movies. yes, i know, all of them are very corny, mediocre in some certain areas and sure, even though they're aimed at little kids they're too adult in some fields to be able to guard them with the statement,"hey, lighten up, it's a kids movie," but all that aside, aren't they still good pieces of entertainment? in my opinion, they are so and i enjoy them greatly. this one is just as enjoyable as the previous three, and certainly cuter. it has some really sweet and touching moments since it is the introduction of the lovable, fresh pokemon celebi. it's not the best pokemon movie, but i do enjoy it more than the third installment, even though the third is not bad, and the entire series is just entertaining, harmless, popcorn family fun and should be considered nothing more, nothing less. this film has some high marks of intensity and interest, especially around the climax/ending, as do all the installments, and the characters, while a bit more lackluster than the previous three, i thought, are still likable and humorous. this films is the lowest rated and most criticized of the four feature length adaptions, and it doesn't deserve that.

out of these pokemon films (which are in order of best to least for me): pokemon the first movie, pokemon 4ever, pokemon heroes, pokemon 200 and pokemon: entei and the unknown, this is probably the one most concerning the environment, arguably the most beautiful and the most calming one. whether these are good points for you or not, "pokemon 4ever," still has entertained many.as well as the three points covered above, this pokemon film includes good humour and good cgi (as well as anime). the time travelling theme of the film is represented in a good way and team rocket (the comic reliefs/rubbish baddies) end up with quite good gags and end up being more main characters than sidekicks. the flaws are, as always, the rather unnecessary violence and action and the baddie is pretty uninteresting, even more so than a few pokemon film baddies. a strange pokemon is being tracked down by a pokemon hunter in a forest. a young boy tries to save the pokemon and it takes him somewhere...meanwhile, ash, brock and misty are entering a large forest...curious? watch the rest...good for all pokemon fans and "american" anime movie fans, enjoy "pokemon 4ever"! :-)

i so love this movie! the animation is great (for a pokémon movie), the cgi looks so awesome. i love the music in the movie. so great they kept the japanese music.as for the story: its great. it has a great feeling of friendship. celebi is a very cute and powerful pokémon. ash is really great in this movie, and i like his friendship with sam. the only thing i didn't like was suicune's appearance, he just suddenly pops up, helps ash & co a bit and leaves. they could have made his part in the movie a little bigger.but overall, awesome movie! can't wait to own the usa version on dvd!

another pokemon movie has hit the theaters, and again, i'm hearing the same old, "pokemon is dead, blah blah blah." the franchise's detractors couldn't be more wrong. kids are still playing the trading card game, they're still watching the tv series, they're waiting for the game boy advance games, and they want to see "pokemon the 4th movie."that said, "pokemon the 4th movie" introduces us to two more "legendary" pokemon: suicune, the "north wind" of lore, and celebi, guardian of the forest (and star of the show). celebi transports itself and a boy named sam 40 years into the future, to the present day, where pokemon trainer ash, his faithful pikachu, and his friends brock and misty are traveling through johto. sam and ash become fast friends, once they discover the other's mutual love for pokemon (sam's vintage pokeball with screw-on top is a great moment). together, they decide to protect celebi from the villain of the story, the team rocket agent aptly named vicious, who is hell-bent on capturing celebi for his own ends. will ash and sam be able to protect celebi from vicious' dark balls? where does suicune fit into the picture? will jessie, james, and meowth have bigger parts in this movie than before? and just who is sam, really?like with the first 3 movies, if you go into the movie deciding that you're automatically going to hate it no matter what simply because it's pokemon (or just because your child/niece/nephew/younger sibling/et cetera "dragged" you into it), then you're going to hate it because you've decided that you want to hate it. that may be, but to blindly trash "pokemon the 4th movie" simply because it is a pokemon movie, and especially without having seen it, is just plain stupid. even non-fans can enjoy this movie without having to know every last detail of the world of pokemon. i'm not saying that you will become a pokemon fan because of this movie, but you can indeed enjoy it, if you'll let yourself.unlike the first 3 pokemon movies, "pokemon the 4th movie" is being distributed by miramax, who i've heard is also working on securing the rights to the 5th pokemon movie, which was released this past summer in japan. miramax claims to have some boffo-aggressive marketing strategy for "pokemon the 4th movie," but all i've seen so far is a feeble limited release, which doesn't include the usual pikachu short in the beginning, which i was really looking forward to this time. i hope that miramax will see fit to put the pikachu short, called "pikachu's exciting hide-and-seek," onto at least the dvd/vhs release, if not with a future wider release of "pokemon the 4th movie." i hope that the current release is just the tip of the iceberg for this very entertaining film.

i can't see the point in burying a movie like this in sulfuric sarcasm, when it is in no way intended to be anything more than a vehicle to entertain children and prepare them for the next line of merchandise to beg madly about. this is a fun movie. my children sat quietly through the entire thing and loved every minute of it. granted, the villain is a bit over the top with his silly costume and maniacal laugher, but this is a lot more easier to take than the dark, gloomy, and very morbid pokemon 3. my children have been watching pokemon since it started and they are soon getting to the ages where they will "put off the childish things" and move on to others. i am glad that we got to enjoy this together.

as a pokémon fan i enjoyed this movie very much. it introduces new legendary pokémon (as each movie does) and adds depth to the relationships between its characters. i however do not expect those who are not pokémon fans to enjoy it(this includes most adults). some of the lines were corny, but that can be somewhat unavoidable when dubbing the movie over to english. the animation was beautiful, although there were a couple parts that did not look good. and although the villain is kind of corny, i think that the movies have done a good job of cycling through different types of villains, and i guarantee you that they aren't all like this one. those who did not like it, i say to each his own, but pokémon fans will love it.

tom and butch cat fight over the capture of jerry mouse because the one who doesn't catch jerry gets kicked out. the two cats dress in their master's clothing to disguise themselves and lets the other have it! confused, tom and butch whack their master's rear and all three of them get kicked out.

"a mouse in the house" is a very classic cartoon by tom & jerry, faithful to their tradition but with jokes of its own. it is hysterical, hilarious, very entertaining and quite amusing. artwork is of good quality either.this short isn't just about tom trying to catch jerry. butch lives in the same house and he's trying to catch the mouse too, because «there's only going to be one cat in this house in the morning -- and that's the cat that catches the mouse».if you ask me, there are lots of funny gags in this cartoon. the funniest for me are, for example, when mammy two shoes sees the two lazy cats sleeping and says sarcastically «i'm glad you're enjoying the siesta» and that she hopes they're satisfied because she ain't, making the two cats gasp. another funny gag is when tom disguises himself as mammy two shoes and slams butch with a frying pan and then butch does the same trick to tom. of course that, even funnier than this, is when the real mammy two shoes appears and both (dumb!) cats think they are seeing each other disguised as mammy and then they both attack her on the "rear" - lol. naturally that she gets mad and once she gets mad, she isn't someone to mess with. but even jerry doesn't win this time, because he is expelled by her too.

this story is a familiar one in the long-running tom and jerry cartoons, especially in the 1940s, the only difference being that two cats instead of one are threatened to be evicted if they don't catch the mouse (jerry). tom has an unnamed buddy ("butch?") living in the house with him, so this really upsets "mammy two shoes" who can't believe that they have a mouse despite two cats in the house.anyway, the one who catches jerry can stay while the other gets the boot, so the competition is on!even though it's familiar territory i still enjoyed this because the cartoon had enough original sight gags to make entertaining. you not only had the cats competing against each but jerry in the equation as well, so there were enough good gags to definitely recommend if you are a tom & jerry fan.

this is a bit of a puzzle for a lot of the artsy lynch crowd. they tend to try to write this off as some kind of meaningless, crude, side project of lynch's. like this is lynch passing gas between his real pieces of film art. well it may be a fart, but its one of those intriguing farts that you catch of a whiff of and are embarrassed to admit you enjoy.dumbland distilled down beyond this is art. what can you do with aspects of modern life but laugh at it. if you took it seriously you would go nuts. you hook into it, smell it, taste it, feel its agonies, its unreasoning stupidities, and then express it in any medium you choose. thats called art, and art isn't dumb. but it is dumbland.

dumbland is not for all. in fact dumbland maybe in for nobody except lynch and that's what make it funny and a collective cartoon. violent? yes. profanity? yes. absurd? yes. a piece of garbage? never. dumbland is a wonderful picture of some americans that don't have brains and hit wife and kids for fun. from méxico i can say i love it! my favorite episodes are: 1- my teeths are bleeding, all the noise around and violence make me wanna scream and put me behind my bed. 2- get the stick! yeah baby get it and learn a lesson: some people never be thankful for your actions. 3- ants. the more lynch episode of all, music, surrealism and a very sweet revenge...

it is said that david lynch's films and shorts won't appeal to everyone. neither will dumbland, maybe more than ever. i have a feeling that dumbland, as people come across it, will be a true mark of 'i get it' or 'what the hell'. it's not surrealism exactly, but absurd to the point of no return. it's also very, very, very stupid. but in this stupidity can be a sort of ironic intelligence to it, that the maker knows so well how childish and repugnant this is, and this self-consciousness is a plus, not a detraction. it's just a bunch of crudely drawn shorts- the kind that might not even make it on hertzfeldt and judge's animation show (which, i might add, lynch here has a lot in common with both directors in their work- centered on a lummox with an iq of 20 who has a constantly quivering-with-fear wife, and a child who looks like a cross between the gingerbread man and/or an alien. the episodes include little situations like a faulty treadmill, a salesman who can recite the gettysburg address, watching over a sick brother in law, ant hallucinations, and just wallowing on the couch with noise all around. all the while, lynch is still experimenting, as he was constantly for better or worse during the period of five years he made on and off inland empire.for one thing, he's going back to the roots of his very first short, six figures getting sick six times, in the usage of repetition as a means to an end. this sometimes works excruciatingly well, and sometimes not. sometimes, like with the episode with the sitting around the house doing nothing as teeth are bleeding and a fly buzzes around, the absurdism sort of waxes and wanes without much of a good effect. and even an episode like with the guy's friend coming over is funny more-so for the beavis & butt-head comparison (both laugh like idiots, and are equally engrossed by killing things like fish and sheep). what ends up working is how lynch shows up front delirious abstractions, in the crudest ways imaginable, and excessive violence. in what comes closest to surrealism in "ants", the guy mistakenly sprays bug-spray (just called "kill", one of lynch's very cheap but fun pokes at societal conventions) on himself, and envisions ants in a musical chorus line, solos included. and one of the most harrowingly funny things i've ever seen from the filmmaker is "get the stick", where we just see the guy, cheered on by his son, getting a stick lodged in his mouth. soon the neck breaks, eyes pop out, and once said stick is removed he doesn't watch out for traffic waddling like a manhole cover. other moments pop up like this in unexpected crevices, and it's drawn as if on cheap paper with an impetus to shock with foul-mouthed language (mostly from the man, as well as from the 'grandmother', who in one of lynch's voices for the characters is the deepest of all), and a shaky quality that's reminiscent of the cream of the crop from (early) hertzfeldt.all the same i'm still not sure if dumbland is something i would put into someone's hands if they haven't seen much of lynch yet let alone anything by him. there are some little points on society made via complete exaggerations that may or may not be in lynch's mind closer than we usually think to those in real life. however in general there's not a whole lot that should be read into it, which is why i'd say more than half who see it will hate it with a passion. those who dig the bottom-less pits of animated comedy, be prepared have a blast.

since september of last year, i have been borrowing four to six films each week from the harold washington library, which boasts an impressive dvd collection. (the hwl truly is a circulating library: three-quarters of its films are out at any given time!) recently, i was thrilled to find the short films of david lynch. yesterday, knowing little about the animated series, i picked up dumbland. i'm here to report that, for david lynch fans, watching the eight episodes is half an hour well-spent.the most remarkable feature of these brief pieces are their soundtracks. each episode has its own rhythm. respiratory and digestive systems provide percussion. outrageous voices accent pauses' ends. physical violence supplies the beats. chirping birds and buzzing sockets brush along the edges. many other elements fill out the orchestra. the pacing of the crude animation often keeps in sync with the sound, but the soundtrack itself struck me as lynch's primary interest in creating and disseminating this work. in a way, these eight shorts are unique lynchian rhythms.that said, the situations are odd, ugly, profound, dumb and funny as hell. and there's enough space within them to reflect on how absurd we humans can be. i can't say that i'll watch the collection again, but for anyone who revelled in the movements that is the suite inland empire, dumbland is worth half an hour of your time.

i'm gonna tip the scales here a bit and say i enjoyed this. however, the cartoon is really only going to appeal to those who have very absurdist tendencies. it's definitely something that most people will not get, as is the nature of absurdism.the animation is horrible, but yes, that's the point. the main character is foul mouthed, violent, and stupid. no redeeming qualities whatsoever. his wife shrieks and wails, apparently just barely capable of the most basic communication skills. most of these stories completely lack any kind of point.but again, that's the point ;)if non sequiters, foul language, and complete and utter randomness are your thing, you're going to love this.it is really short, so i would probably rent instead of buying.

i consider myself a great admirer of david lynch's works, for he provides the viewers with absolutely unique motion pictures with typical "lynch-elements." having seen most of his works, i naively thought i could predict lynch's next step. i was dead wrong. dumbland is something i could have never imagined under the name of david lynch. still, after my recovery from the first shock, i started to contemplate about this extremely primitive main character, and i drew the conclusion that all the absurdities, cruelty, brutality and disgust presented here are mirroring bits from reality, being emphasized by distorting it. there are things in our lives we hardly ever emphasize, for they are either disgusting or horrible, however, they are surrounding us, so i take the courage to say, dumbland focuses on these bits and pieces. this is not a movie to enjoy, though you'll sometimes laugh out of a strange, perverted sense of humor, this is an animated reflection of all things we rather reject to observe, with its simplicity, morbidity and absurdity. take it as it is, you don't have to like it. it just exists. and finally, if you're attentive enough, you'll find elements typical to lynch as well. i recommend it for tolerant people!!!

this is a short, crudely animated series by david lynch (as it says in the beginning), and it follows the misadventures of a backwoods, overall-wearing large man, with a wife who has a stress disorder and an annoying son. both of those elements are harped upon repeatedly in the short episodes, and there's no real plot to be seen. it's easier if you think of this as an exceptionally odd, slightly macabre looney tunes- with far more gore, profanity, bloody violence, and occasional moments of hilarity.i bought the dvd along with eraserhead, having previously seen eraserhead. don't look to this series if you want an artistic masterpiece- this is anything but. in fact, it seems to almost be a statement against such things, as its rough style spits in the face of any sort of animation convention you may see. as lynch says, "if this is funny, it is only funny because we see the absurdity of it all."

dumland focuses on the lives of one (american?) family... the father; a violent and obscene person who loves to fart and use profanity and who has no redeeming qualities. the mother; who appears to be a paranoid psychotic, never really says much. the son; an obscure annoying repetitive little fellow. the animation is simple and crude, but does suite the stories and the characters. the episodes were originally only available from the davidlynch.com website, but have now been released on dvd. there are 8 episodes on the dvd and a brief synopsis follows:1- the neighbor: we meet the next door neighbor, and find out three things about him... he has a really nice shed, he only has one arm and he likes to do naughty things with ducks.2- the treadmill: we find out that the wife has an affinity for exercise, but the husband doesn't really think it's a good idea. in the end, the exercise treadmill is victorious.3- the doctor: the father has an unfortunate accident with an exposed live wire... the doctor's examination is quite thorough (if not unconventional) but the diagnosis is "you are perfectly normal" (but we knew that).4- a friend visits: after an altercation with the new clothes hoist, a friend comes to visit (believe it or not, he has one! but after we meet him we can understand why), no surprises when he tells us what his hobbies are.5- get the stick: we meet another neighbor, he has a stick stuck in his mouth (although we never find out how it got there). unfortunately, removing the stick from his neighbor's mouth ends up being harder (and more violent) than expected... but he is victorious in the end... jesus some people can be ungrateful!!!6- my teeth are bleeding: this was my favorite episode... and was also the most mind- numbingly repetitive and annoying (hmm, what does that say about me??). not sure why the son's teeth started bleeding, but believe me when i say it was minimal to the plot of the story. which is an oxymoron, as the story had no plot. but did have a funny ending (involving a fly)!!7- uncle bob: after meeting uncle bob, and uncle bob's wife, we get a distinct feeling that the dumbland gene-pool is very shallow. uncle bob is a sickly fellow (i shan't elaborate, lest i spoil it for you). uncle bob's wife definitely wears the pants in his family... and the father definitely ends up on the wrong side of her ample fist (and spends the rest of their visit cowering in a tree in the back yard).8- ants: after the home gets infiltrated with ants, and a misbegotten attempt to bug-spray them goes awry... he ends up spraying himself in the face with the bug-spray and starts hallucinating. the ants put on a fabulous song and dance show... he goes berserk trying to kill them, winds up in a full body plaster... and lets just say, the ants get their vengeance in the end.as bad as these stories are, there is something that kept compelling me to watch them. they do give another insight into the mind of one of my favorite directors. david lynch. maybe they were an outlet for him, to get rid of some of his violent thoughts?? i did actually laugh out loud at many points within the episodes. many aspects are absurdly funny!!

i'm gonna tip the scales here a bit and say i enjoyed this. however, the cartoon is really only going to appeal to those who have very absurdist tendencies. it's definitely something that most people will not get, as is the nature of absurdism.the animation is horrible, but yes, that's the point. the main character is foul mouthed, violent, and stupid. no redeeming qualities whatsoever. his wife shrieks and wails, apparently just barely capable of the most basic communication skills. most of these stories completely lack any kind of point.but again, that's the point ;)if non sequiters, foul language, and complete and utter randomness are your thing, you're going to love this.it is really short, so i would probably rent instead of buying.

i used to watch this show as a child, and i loved it! i watched it when it came on toonami years ago....sheesh, i sound so old! i must've been 13 or 14 when it came on...but anyways, it had a great plot line, and i'm one of those girlie-girls who watched (and adored) sailormoon, and i enjoyed it very much. the animation wasn't the best....quite amusing in some parts, actually, and the voice acting was extremely lame in the beginning, but it was all a good watch, and i found myself sucked into it day after day.samurai troopers/ronin warriors is a classic, and an all-time one of my faves. go ryo!!!!

for starters, i didn't even know about this show since a year or so because of the internet. i have not once seen it on tv before in my country, and a lot of people do not usually know about this show. it is a pity though, because this is easily the most original and clever animation i have witnessed in years.i don't hand out 10 points a lot, but this is one show that truly deserves all 10 points. even though at first glance this might seem like a typical cartoon but keep in mind that this is not a kids-show though. when the complete story unfolds itself, you know that this is a real deep storyline, with a spiritual message. this spiritual part of the story is largely based off spirit-animals, a old indian believe that has been preserved for many years. this gives the show a original twist that you can't often find in animated shows.the overall design is also something very different. at times it resembles spawn a bit in terms of gritty design, and other times it takes on a more cartoony approach. i believe david feiss who also created and directed cow and chicken animated a segment in the show (as he also drew that segment in the comic).if you are looking for a mind-twisting show, a show that takes on various subjects such as reality, suicide, spirituality, life, then this is something you should not miss. once you begin watching, you are probably going to watch it to the end. one minor fact may be that the show takes on less material from the comic, but this is not too annoying. the only question remains though, where is the dvd?!

the maxx is a deep psychological introspective lightly camouflaged as a weird-out superhero story. julie winters is a "freelance social worker" in an unnamed filthy city, ridden with crime, and she and everyone she knows has a lot of issues to work through. the maxx is her friend and client, a street bum who thinks he's a costumed superhero - or is it the other way around?the maxx is not to be missed for the artwork, the story itself, or the excellent voice work - particularly the late barry stigler's deliciously urbane, drippingly evil voicing of the main villain, mr. gone.if you get the chance to see this, don't miss it.

"most of us at least inhabit two worlds , the real world where we are at the mercy of circumstances and the world within ,the unconscious ,a safe place where we can escape ..." with those words ,mr .gone introduces inside the world of "the maxx" a fascinating world where the fantasy and the reality are combined . inspired in the comic books of sam kieth, "the maxx " is very faithful to the material in what it was inspired , not only in the story but also in the graphic style ,that look like the pages of the comic ,giving this show a surreal and unique appearance . but also ,the story it's interesting and entertaining .at moments it could turn too weird ,but when you got inside it ,it's hard to get out of it . the story and the characters are wonderfully developed . the music goes perfectly with the style of the show and give it the proper atmosphere . unfortunately , like many good animated shows ,this one was short -lived . "the maxx" is a must see . it 's one of my all -time favorites .

the internet database lists this as a tv show. and yes, it was a series on mtv shown on the "oddities" program, after "the head" and before "aeon flux" if i recall correctly. but the version i watched this time was a vhs tape with all the episodes run together into a film without annoying credits in between or having to wait a week for the next fifteen minutes.you have the story of the maxx, julie winters, sarah and mr. gone. the maxx is a super-hero or a bum, julie a social worker or a leopard queen, sarah a girl who should listen to less of the smiths and mr. gone a guy who can't seem to keep his head on. and then there's the other weird creatures...i use "or" with maxx and julie, because part of the fun is trying to figure out which parts of the story are real and which are dreams. maybe they're all real or dreams. maybe one of the characters doesn't exist. maybe only one exists and dreams of the others. you'll have to wait and find out.i had the comic books before the show came out, and it was one of my favorites. the artwork was spectacular and the story was original -- unlike anything you'll find in superman or batman. it will bend your mind, and has strong adult overtones without being obscene or offensive. and the show used basically the same exact artwork (only now it moves) and the same story... guaranteeing that the beauty intrinsically found in the comic would be faithfully reproduced. this was the best show to appear on "oddities", hands down.if you like comics of a darker nature or need a good mind trip, this is a show to check out. it's "donnie darko" before there was ever such a thing.the most astonishing thing is that this never went on to become another movie or television series, but i don't say this in disappointment. by keeping it simple, they have sealed this movie in gold and kept it free from the blemishes brought on by successive failures.

it was on at 7:30am, too close to school to see very often. the animation & computer graphics were spectacular for the time. the idea of cowboys & ordinary people casually throwing around space vehicles & robots was amazing. maybe it inspired treasure planet.unfortunately, it's really boring in the dvd format. the shows are all basically identical. when viewing non-sequential episodes on a dvd, you're stoned by disk #3. by today's standards, the animation is spotty. we don't notice the computer graphics anymore and focus on how corny the characters are instead.the bright spots are the heroine characters. they were a lot more believable, took themselves more seriously than modern heroines, and weren't corny. they actually saved men.

though this series only ran a season, it has stayed with me for 20 years. it was by far and above my all time favorite cartoon ever. i would give nearly anything to have it on dvd or whatever format i can get. if you find any means of seeing this series i suggest you take full advantage. this series was the first one (in my opinion) that had a truly coherent storyline that spanned across multiple episodes. it also made me truly care about the characters and what happened to them. heck the character goose actually scared me sometimes. he was just that odd at the time. also the leader of the group reminds me a lot of a combination of clint eastwood/tommy lee jones. if anyone has any way of contacting the creator/holder of the rights to the series and can get them put out on dvd please by all means do so!!!

and i gave it a high 7.....why? because it bloody well rocked. at the time when there were so many other shows on that were tied to toys/games this show was unique in that it had overlapping stories. as others have said here it was ahead of its time. sadly this is why the show was doomed. they have released 4 dvds with 16 episodes of the series so far. i am hoping that more come out. how does this compare watching it now 20 years after it first came out.. i don't know i still like it despite the sometimes clunky animation, and that imho is it's only flaw. the writing was almost top notch and way ahead of the competition........ i do hope for more dvds or even a set of all the episodes in proper order... the dvds are good but i don't think the stories are in their proper order, but despite this the show rocked.

damn straight.....this show was kick ass back in the day and still continues to outshine cartoons today. i can't wait to track down some of the dvd's to share with my little guy and see the same sparkle in his eyes. i've already introduced him to voltron (the 5 lions one, not the 15 vehicles one)and i laughed my head off when he said to me one day "dad..you sure watched some awesome cartoons when you were a kid!!" how cool is that.come on hollywood, dust this one off and give it a live action attempt. couldn't be any worse than spiderman 3 was...man oh man... 2007 has been pretty lame so far for summer movies.ok, i'll shuddup nowcheers

it has been 16 years since it's original run, i would have hoped by now some "marketing wizard" would have promoted a live actor version of this classic by now, or at least sought to re-release the original 65 episodes. i can't fathom why the sci-fi or cartoon network haven't snapped this up. galaxy rangers actually had well thought out plots, and even better scripts.the animation was above average quality for it's time, and excellent when compared to the talking slide show japanese animation of today. it predated the heavy toon-toy tie in market, this may have sealed it's doom too. i would willingly spend cash on a dvd of gr if available.

i remember when i was five and my parents thought it was a regular cartoon movie....except when the bras and bullets started flying. i have to agree this movie will make anyone and everyone upset because it is set to discriminate everyone and anyone....but the truth is it is funny as hell as it is deep. i recommend this to anyone who likes cult classics. also try fritz the cat and the nine lives of fritz the cat. if i'm correct ralph bashki did that movie too.it involves a cat that goes through hard times with family, streets,jobs , etc. when i was old enough i rented all of these movies out. because coonskin was an offensive title during that era it was also labeled as street fighter. ralph bashki also made cool world starring a very young brad pitt. heavy traffic was another cartoon that dealt with the street life of a young man.

ok, ok, don't get bent out of round. i was kidding."bustin' out" is actually a better and truer title anyhoo.racism and crime dramas get the satiric treat meant from our x-rated animator friend ralphie boy. and he does one of his better jobs here.on the crime front it shows the truth. they build it, defend it, then boredom and stronger rivals cause them to (maybe) lose it. see for yourself to see what goes down.racist? i don't know. with scatman (rip) and the love walrus (also rip) being black and the main point of view, i saw it as an attack on racism mostly. the fact that richard pryor liked it says as much as well. and the younger (pre "miami vice") phil mike thomas in there was a nice surprise.it's an animated "blacksploitation" film. that's a good thing. done well and well done. it will make some squirm (like the lynching scene) but unfortunately that's based on fact.but ralphie really should have re-thought that title.

remember ralph bakshi? the guy that was an animator on terrytoons, then on paramount cartoon studios, after that, he was a director on fritz the cat 1 & 2 and heavy traffic? well, this is coonskin. and it's actually pretty good. racist, but good. the movie takes place in harlem nights (no, duh, it was a working title.) but with a twist that becomes a lampoon of a disney movie, song of the south.it's about sampson (barry white) and the preacherman (charles gordone) rush to help their friend, randy (philip michael thomas) escape from prison, but are stopped by a roadblock and wind up in a shootout with the police. while waiting for them, randy unwillingly listens to fellow escapee pappy (scatman crothers), as he begins to tell randy a story about "three guys, i used to know, just like you and your friends". pappy's story is told in animation set against live-action background photos and footage.brother rabbit (voice of thomas), brother bear (voice of white), and preacher fox (voice of gordone) decide to pack up and leave their southern settings after the bank mortgages their home and sells it to a man who turns it into a brothel. arriving in harlem, rabbit, bear, and fox find that it isn't all that it's made out to be. they encounter a con man named simple savior, a phony revolutionary leader who purports to be the "cousin" of black jesus, and that he gives his followers "the strength to kill whites". in a flashy stage performance in his "church", savior acts out being brutalized by symbols of black oppression—represented by images of john wayne, elvis presley and richard nixon, before asking his parishioners for "donations".rabbit first goes up against madigan, a virulently racist and homophobic white police officer and the bag man for the mafia, who demonstrates his contempt for african americans in various ways, including a refusal to bathe before an anticipated encounter with them (he believes they're not worth it). when madigan finds out that rabbit has been taking his payoffs, he and his cohorts, ruby and bobby, are led to a nightclub called "the cottontail".a black stripper distracts him while an lsd sugar cube is dropped into his drink. madigan, while under the influence of his spiked drink, is then maneuvered into a sexual liaison with a stereotypically effeminate gay man, and then shoved into clothes that women were representative of the racist archetype, adorned in something racist, and finally shoved out the back of the club where he discovers that ruby and bobby are dead.then, while recovering from his delirium of being drugged, shoots his gun around randomly, and is shot to death by the police after shooting one of them.rabbit, bear, fox and the opponent boxer rush out of the boxing arena as it blows up. the live-action story ends with randy and pappy escaping while being shot at by various white cops, but managing to make it out alive.this movie was controversial at that time of release, and was re-edited by the director several times under the title, street fight, which is obvious, since street fight is a 2005 documentary about racism in the streets. in fact, this movie has the same subject as the documentary.that caused bryanston pictures, the distributor of this film and the original tobe hopper classic, texas chainsaw massacre, to go out of business. because paramount wanted to produce and distribute this film, but due to racism, bryanston took over bakshi's production.despite the controversy, it was worth the entertainment. the animation was awesome at that time, the plot makes sense, and it's actually funny too.final verdict: 9/10

by dane youssef "coonskin" is film, by the one and only ralph bakshi, is reportedly a satirical indictment of blaxploitation films and negative black stereotypes, as well as a look at life black in modern america (modern for the day, i mean--1975). paramount dropped it like a hot potato that just burst into flame.but this is a bakshi film, controversial, thrilling, and a must-see almost by definition alone. not just another random "shock-jock" of a movie which tries to shock for the sake of shock. it's by ralph bakshi. anyone who knows the name knows that if he made a movie, he has something big to say...although it's roots are based in cheap blaxploitation, "coonskin" isn't just another campy knock-off of mainstream white film or any kind of throwaway flick. "coonskin" wants to be more. it aims it's sights higher and fries some much bigger fish.the movie doesn't just poke fun at the genre. nor does it just indict black people, but actually seems to show love, beauty and heart in the strangest places."coonskin" tells a story out of some convicts awaiting a jail-break. the fact that it's even possible to break out of a prison in the "coonskin" world alone makes it old-fashioned.one of the inmates tells a story about a trio of black brothers in harlem named brother bear, brother rabbit, preacher fox who want respect and a piece of the action and are willing to get it by any means necessary. the itallian mob is running all the real action.big name black musicians star: barry white and scatman crothers, as well as charles gordone, the first black playwright to take home the pulitzer. something big is happening here obviously.the movie plays out like a descent into this world, this side of the racial divide. from an angry, hip, deep, soulful black man with a hate in his heart and a gun in his hand.bakshi's films never know the meaning of the word "sublety." this one looks like it's never even heard of the word. but maybe a subject like this needs extremism. real sledgehammer satire. some subjects can't be tackled gently.bakshi is god-dammed merciless. here, no member or minority of the harlem scene appears unscathed.the characters here are "animated" to "real" all depending on what the mood and situation are. the animated characters and the human ones all share the same reality and are meant to be taken just as literally.bakshi never just shows ugly caricatures just for shock value. he always has something to say. nor is black-face is gratuitously. here, unlike in spike lee's "bamboozled," he seems to be using it to try and really say something.like 99.9% of all of bakshi's films, this one incorporates animation and live-action. usually at the same time. bakshki isn't just being gimmicky here. all of this technique is all intertwined, meshing together while saying something.somehow, this one feels inevitably dated. many of these types of films (bakshi's included) are very topical, very spur of the moment. they reflect the certain trend for the day, but looking back of them years later, there's just an unmistakable feeling of nostalgia (as well as timeless truth).even though the music, clothes, slang and the city clearly looks like photos that belong in a time capsule, the attitude, the spirit and the heart remain the same no matter what f--king ear it is. anyone who's really seen the movies, the state of things and has been in company of the people know what i'm talking about.even some of the of the black characters are a bunny (junglebunny), a big ol' bear and a fox. one of the most sour and unsavory racist characters is a dirty harlem cop who's hot on the trail of these "dirty n-----s" after the death of a cop. but for him, it's not just business. nor is it for the rest of the brothers who wear the shield. it's just pure sadistic racist pleasure of hurting blacks.the sequence involving the godfather and his lady is one of the most moving pieces in the whole film, of which there are many. it plays out like an opera or a ballet.the promo line: warning: "this film offends everybody!" this is not just hype. proceed with extreme caution.you have been warned...by dane youssef

coonskin might be my favorite ralph bakshi film. like the best of his work, it's in-your-face and not ashamed of it for a second, but unlike some of his other work (even when he's at his finest, which was before and after coonskin with heavy traffic and wizards), it's not much uneven, despite appearances to the contrary. bakshi's taking on stereotypes and perceptions of race, of course, but moreover he's making what appears to be a freewheeling exploitation film; blaxploitation almost, though bakshi doesn't stop just there. if it were just a blaxploitation flick with inventive animation it could be enough for a substantial feature. but bakshi's aims are higher: throwing up these grotesque and exaggerated images of not just black people but italians/mafioso, homosexuals, jews, overall new york-types in the urban quarters of manhattan in the 70s, he isn't out to make anything realistic. the most normal looking creation in looking drawn "real" is, in fact, a naked woman painted red, white and blue.in mocking these stereotypes and conventions and horrible forms of racism (i.e. the "tar-rabbit, baby" joke, yes joke, plus black-face), we're looking at abstraction to a grand degree. and best of all, bakshi doesn't take himself too seriously, unlike spike lee with a film like bamboozled, in delivering his message. this is why, for the most part, coonskin is a hilarious piece of work, where some of the images and things done and sudden twists and, of course, scenes of awkward behavior (i loved the scene where the three animated characters are being talked at by the real-life white couple in tux and dress as looking "colorful" and the like), are just too much not to laugh at. it's not just the imagery, which is in and of itself incredibly "over"-stylized, but that the screenplay is sharp and, this is key for bakshi this time considering, it's got a fairly cohesive narrative to string along the improvisations and madness.using at first live-action, then animation, and then an extremely clever matching of the two (ironically, what bakshi later went for in commercial form with cool world is done here to a t with less money and a rougher edge), pappy and randy are waiting outside a prison wall for a buddy to escape, and pappy tells of the story of brother rabbit, who with brother bear and preacher fox go to harlem and become big-time hoodlums, with rabbit in direct opposition to a jabba-the-hut-esquire godfather character. this is obviously a take off on song of the south with its intentionally happy-go-lucky plot and animation, here taken apart and shown for how rotten and offensive it really is.yet bakshi goes for broke in combining forms; animated characters stand behind and move along with live-action backgrounds; when violence and gunshots and fights occurs it's as bloody as it can get for 1975; when a dirty cop is at a bar and is drugged and put in black-face and a dress, he trips in a manner of which not even disney could reach with dumbo; a boxing match with brother bear and an opponent as the climax is filmed in wild slow-motion; archive footage comes on from time to time of old movies, some and some from the 20s that are just tasteless.like mel brooks or kubrick or, more recently, south park, bakshi's coonskin functions as entertainment first and then thought-provocation second. it's also audacious film-making on an independent scale; everything from the long takes to the montage and the endlessly warped designs for the characters (however all based on the theme of the piece) all serve the thought in the script, where its b-movie plot opens up much more for interpretation. to call it racist misses the point; it's like calling dr. strangelove pro-atomic desolation or confederate states of america pro slavery. and, for me, it's one of the best satires ever made.

mpaa:rated r for violence,language,nudity and brief drug use. quebec rating:13+ canadian home video rating:18ai saw coonskin today.this film is also known as bustin out and street fight.after watching fritz the cat,i wanted to see more of bashki's films.i saw cool world and thought it was mediocre and i saw this.when it was first released, the film was very controversial.it was considered racist and al sharpton wanted the film banned, he even led protests outside the theatre where the film was playing.the film was only released on vhs under the title "street fight".it is now considered a cult-classic film and african-american celebrities such as comedian richard pryor,director spike lee and the rap group the wu-tang clan are said to have enjoyed this film.i personally thought fritz the cat was a much better film but this is very enjoyable as well.worth watching for bashki or blaxploitation film fans.the film mixes live action and animation sort of like the film who framed roger rabbit.i would have preferred it in full animation but whatever.the film starts off with a reverend and another man racing to rescue two of their friends from prison.while the prisoners wait,the older one tells a story of three men he knew.the film then switches into animation format, we see three black men who sold their house to this man.they decide to make names for themselves in harlem.so the leader, a black rabbit, kills a big player in harlem and he basically becomes a big shot.the film moves on as the italian mafia want him out.the mafia involves the godfather,his three sons who are homosexual and an italian clown.coonskin is an entertaining animated film that's worth checking out, if you can find it.

after finally watching walt disney's song of the south on myspace, i decided to watch ralph bakshi's response to that movie-coonskin-on afro video which i linked from google video. in this one, during the live-action sequences, preacherman (charles gordone) takes his friend sampson (barry white) with him to pick up pappy (scatman crothers) and randy (philip thomas, years before he added michael for his middle name professionally) as the latter two escape from prison. during their attempt, pappy tells randy a tale of brother rabbit (voice of thomas), brother bear (white), and preacher fox (gordone) and their adventures in harlem. as expected in many of these bakshi efforts, there's a mix of animation and live-action that provides a unique point-of-view from the writer/director that is sure to offend some people. another fascinating animated character is miss america who's a big-as in gigantic in every way-white blonde woman dressed in skin-tight red, white, and blue stars and stripes who has a hold on a little black man and has him shot in one of the most sexually violent ways that was shockingly funny to me! there are plenty of such scenes sprinkled throughout the picture of which another one concerning brother bear's frontal anatomy also provided big laughs from me. there's also a segment of a woman telling her baby of a "cockroach" she was friends with who left her that was touching with that part seeming to be a tribute to the comic strip artist george herriman. i was also fascinated hearing grover washington jr.'s version of "ain't no sunshine" heard as part of the score. most compelling part of the picture was seeing the scatman himself depicted with his head in silhouette during the opening credit sequence singing and scatting to a song that has him using the n-word in a satirical way. when i saw a vhs cover of this movie years ago, it had depicted brother rabbit in insolent mode in front of what looked like the warner circles with the slogan, "this movie will offend everybody". that is ample warning to anyone who thinks all cartoons are meant for children. that said, i definitely recommend coonskin to fans of bakshi and of every form of animation.

i had watched this film from ralph bakshi (wizards, hey good lookin'), one night ago on www.afrovideo.org, and i didn't see anything racial (i am not stupid), i do admit the character designs are a bit crude and unaccpectable today, but i think it's a satire and a very,very urban retelling of the old uncle remus stories that the black american culture, created right down to the main characters and the blatant nod to "the tar baby" and "the briar patch." these aren't bigoted stories, mind you, but cultural icons created by black americans, and me being a white woman read and love those stories. and i also found it an interesting time-capsule view on the black culture in harlem, new york in the 70's.well to get to the nitty-gritty of this film: this film is a live-action/animated film, which begins in live-action with a fellow named sampson (barry white) and the preacherman (charles gordone) rush to help their friend, randy (philip michael thomas) escape from prison, but are stopped by a roadblock and wind up in a shootout with the police. while waiting for them, randy unwillingly listens to fellow escapee pappy (scatman crothers), as he begins to tell randy the animated story of brother rabbit, a young newcomer to the big city who quickly rises from obscurity to rule over all of harlem; you know, to me rabbit,bear and fox are animal versions of randy,sampson and the preacherman. an abstract juxtaposition of stylized animation and live action footage, the film is a graphic and condemnatory satire of stereotypes prevalent in the 70s — racial, ethnic, and otherwise.so anyway, it is another good bakshi movie; and should we sweep films like this under the rug? pretend they never exist? hmmm...i think that would be a shame; i think we should watch these films entacted, and learn about what goes on back then, just how far we come since then.

streetfight (aka coonskin) is a very unique film directed by animation pioneer ralph bakshi. it is an oddity of the cinema, and is very much worth seeing. it is live action mixed with animation, seemingly influenced on disney's legendary song of the south, almost as if it is a response to that flick. philip michael thomas, later to become don johnson's sidekick on miami vice, and scatman crothers, most famous for his role in kubrick's the shining, are prison escapees. charles gordone and barry white (yes, that barry white) are thomas' friends and plan to help him escape prison. they are stuck at a police roadblock, and crothers tells thomas a story about a black rabbit, a bear, and a fox who move from the south to harlem in order to find a more peaceful existence. the story is animated, and provides a lot of wonderous things to see. like all of bakshi's films, most will be annoyed and will dislike the animation. true animation lovers will forgive its clunkiness and fall in love with its inventiveness. the movie is very violent, very sexual, and it is mostly about battles between the races. for a long time, i thought i was watching something extremely important, but after a while, especially after i got done watching it, it started to seem more like a run-of-the-mill blacksploitation flick, along the lines of superfly. it's very sloppy and doesn't really say anything. besides, isn't bakshi white? whatever the answer to that, coonskin/streetfight is still very much worth watching for animation aficionados as well as cult movie fans. 7/10.

one of the most interesting movies to be classified as "blaxploitation," bakshi's "coonskin" is a rich text full of wonderful insight. he wrote it in collaboration with scat man crothers and barry white, who appear in the film as well. the racist imagery can often be disturbing, but the message of the movie was so powerful that the naacp gave it an endorsement (but only grudgingly).i highly recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in an examination of the pervading atmosphere of racism that bakshi attempts to deconstruct. wonderful stuff.

street fight is a brilliant piece of brutal satire. this is not a movie you just watch for fun. it is not a comfortable experience, although it does have some laugh-out-loud moments. this is a movie you watch when you need food for thought.to dismiss this film as simply racist is to miss the point entirely. this is not only a satire of song of the south, it's also a biting commentary on the prejudices that americans still have as a society. every ethnic group portrayed in the movie gets shown as grotesque caricatures of their stereotypes, which in turn are grotesque caricatures of real people. through this wild exaggeration, the filmmaker shows just how absurd these tightly-held beliefs really are.if you're the sort of person who's willing to acknowledge the ugliness of the prevalent prejudices american culture still holds, and if you're not afraid to look your own prejudices in the eye, this movie may be for you.

the entire 10:15 minute presentation is done in a very non-threatening and non-medical way that even preteen children can easily understand. it dispels many of the myths surrounding menstruation that were going around in those days (1946) while sex is not explicitly mentioned, the part about fertilization is. this is also, purportedly, the first hollywood production to ever use the word "vagina" in the dialogue.it is cute how the animated character is shown topless in the shower in a purely animated character way with no defining features as was the way of the day. many of the betty boop cartoons showed her undress without revealing any defining features either. max fleischer was a bit of a card and did this with many of the betty boop cartoons which required frame-by-frame viewing to find them.there is no mention at the beginning or end of the film as to who the female narrator is. in fact, there are no credits whatsoever other than those mentioning kotex and kimberly-clark corporation.this title is nearly impossible to attain; but for those who are bittorrent downloaders, it can be found out there in the ether. this is one of those "keepers" that will become increasingly hard to find as older short subject features fade into obscurity.

although this film is somewhat sanitized (because it was made at a time when people just didn't talk about sex), it is an extremely helpful short film to show prepubescent girls so they know what to expect during menstruation. not surprisingly, it was paid for by the kotex company, though what may surprise many is that disney made this film--as they made a lot of educational films during the 1940s-60s. however well made the film is, though, i think the film maker's missed a real opportunity. instead of the nice female narrator's voice and the relatively bland visuals it would have been great if they'd used minnie mouse and the rest of the disney gang!! i know this would have given old walt a heart attack, but wow that would have been a great film! by the way, although the notion of sex is barely hinted at in the film, it does adequately explain menstruation in general. however, it does lack some details (especially about intercourse) that i assume were included in the accompanying booklet.now if only i can figure out why i watched a cartoon about menstruation.

when i saw this as a child, it answered all of my questions and dispelled any fears or misconceptions that i had. it is easy to watch because it is animated, which makes it unthreatening. it has no moral bias or "preachy" aspects, so nobody should have any objections to it. it is a pleasant film that simply gives the facts of menstruation in a reassuring, "matter-of-fact" way. i hope to show it to my daughter.

if you have not heard of this film from walt disney pictures, do not worry about it. it would be classed along the other films by disney that are meant for educational purposes like "family planning".it was co-produced with kotex to teach pre-teen girls about menstruation, supposably. it only educates at a superficial level, so it does not go into heavy detail for the animated "ram's head"/ reproductive system sequence.the film does show "the wonderful world of disney" elements like the turning of the page and the use of animation to tell the story.this film is impossible to find, so if you can find the film, best luck to you and enjoy.

certain dvd's possess me until i just have to go out and buy it. this was one of those movies. like many on here, i remember seeing it as a child and loved it. i never knew there were scenes and musical numbers that were cut, so i was intrigued to see what they might be. i will agree that the "portabellow road" sequence is now a tad long (as is the soccer game) but other than that, i found no qualms with the remaining scenes that were put back in their respectful place. perhaps disney should have had the original version (which is the restored version) on one side with the restored version on the flip side, then people could choose what they wanted to view. all in all, it's still an entertaining movie that still manages to recapture some of my childhood memories.

bedknobs & broomsticks is another one of disney's masterpieces. it was filmed with sequences of animation and the actors and actresses interacting with the animations. (a similar concept was used in mary poppins when the children and mary disappear into the sidewalk art.) i am mainly rating this film through child's eyes because i have not seen it in years. back then, it was one of my favourite films. it was magical and mystical, and the last scenes (the conflict beginning with the ghostly armour walking into battle) were my favourites. there was also a lot of stop-animation used with the spells (ie, people turning into rabbits), which may be a little dated and silly now. (also, i believe that the film starts off slowly.) through the eyes of a child, this is a fun film and it is easy for children to put themselves into the places of the children in the film. it is an imaginative film which is sadly largely-forgotten today.

i love bed knobs and broomsticks so much that it makes me cry a thousand tears of joy every time i have the magnificent pleasure of seeing it. i would also like to reiterate the simple fact that i love it so much.too much some have said. i have 27 copies on video and i love them all equally. i also love anyone else who loves it. i love you. my favourite scene is the dance scene at portobello road. i have learned the dance moves and practice it everyday. i have some audio recordings of myself singing the song. if anyone can play the drums or guitar i am thinking of forming a bed knobs and broomsticks band.i hope to call it 'the knobs'. love me (liz)

what a great gem this is. it's an unusual story that is fun to watch. yes, it has singing, but it is very nicely crafted into the story and is very melodic to hear. it was so pleasant to watch; i enjoyed it from start to finish! the movie takes place in england during world war ii. it is about an apprentice witch who is searching for a missing portion of a spell that she needs. she uses her rough "magic" to transport her and 3 children under her care to various destinations to find it. they are joined by her correspondence teacher, who is surprised to learn that the lessons from his school actually work! although the special effects may seem a little dated at first, once you get used to them they become part of the charm of this movie. in fact, the movie won an oscar for these effects! the movie is innocent and fun - and it's hard not to like the tuneful songs. the characters are wonderfully interesting to watch. i think anyone at any age could find something to like about this movie.

this is an old fashioned, wonderfully fun children's movie with surely the most appealing novice witch ever. unlike many modern stories which seem to revel in dark witchcraft, this is simply a magical tale of hocus pocus that is cute, light hearted, and charming.the tale is set back in 1940 in the english village of peppering eye, where three cockney children, charlie, carrie, & paul rollins, are being evacuated out of danger from world war ii city air raids. they are mistakingly sent to live with eglantine price, who is studying by correspondence course to become an apprentice witch. eglantine and the trio of children use a magic bed knob in order to travel to london on their flying bed. here they encounter emilius browne, the fraudulent headmaster of miss price's witchcraft training correspondence school. miss price sets about working on spells designed to bring inanimate objects to life. meanwhile, they must also deal with a shady character called the bookman and his associate, swinburne.angela lansbury is of course marvelously endearing as the eccentric witch in training, miss price. david tomlinson plays mr. browne, headmaster of the defunct witchcraft school, who has now turned street magician. this actor was previously cast as the children's father in the movie mary poppins. in fact, this film is a tale quite reminiscent of the earlier mary poppins, both wonderful fantasy stories for children. perhaps this movie doesn't have quite such memorable music as chim-chim-cheree, but it does boast some appealing little tunes. some have been critical, but the movie features excellent special effects. all in all, the story is enchanting family entertainment. it's a pity if modern children are too sophisticated for this lovely & bewitching tale, which should appeal to the child in all of us.

a great movie. lansbury and tomlinson are perfect, the songs are wonderful, the dances, with a particular mention for the "portobello ballet" are gorgeous. as for the animated section, the match between animals has become an instant classic; the climax with the attack of the armatures is chilling and fascinating. i recommend to see the restored 134 minutes version or at least the 112 minutes video. here in italy we have only the 98 minutes version, although the film was presented in its original release at the running of 117 minutes. if possible, watch also the german videocassette: it was generated from the 98 minutes running but it's missing of every refer to world war ii and of all the scenes between english people and their nazi invaders!

this movie is one of the best ever produced by disney.the plot is very original and entertaining. the animated sequence is also very well done with the live actors. (for the time).perhaps one of my favorite sequences is contained in this movie with the march of the suits of armor.

angela lansbury plays eglantine a middle aged lady in war torn england, during the wwi. she has been studying witchcraft by mail, and has been secretly learning it in her home, she is doing well, until three children who have been separated from their parents from the last air raid, are sent to stay in angela lansbury's huge house. she is not happy about having them, because of her secret. they only want to go back home. the oldest boy is very hard to get along with he is a brat. the other two a boy and a girl are just inquisitive about their new place to stay and the lady that is their hostess. the kids find out about her secret and that is when the fun begins. fun and more of it. family fun. laughter, frolic, adventure, something for everyone. the special effects are quite good. this is a musical the tunes are every bit as catchy to sing later as any of the other disney films. add this to your family video library. you will not be disappointed.

delightful disney film with angela lansbury in fine form as a middle age spinster whose interest turns to witchcraft in world war 11 england.lansbury was about age 51 at the time of the film and she is just ideal for the part. she is jessica fletcher again but this time it's for the benefit or children and for mother england during a time of great peril.the film follows the adventures of miss price (lansbury) and david tomlinson as the professor of witchcraft in trying to obtain certain information on sorcery. those 3 little darlings sent to live with price to escape the london bombings are just wonderful in this enchanting film for all of us regardless of age.too bad that tessie o'shea, roddy mcdowall and sam jaffe are given so little to do in this endearing film.i really thought of the ben stiller film-"night at the museum," at the end of the film when the relics come to life to do battle with the nazi invasion in the small british coastal town.

never viewed this 1971 film and was greatly entertained by this great production created by the walt disney studios and great animation creations. angela lansbury, (eglantine price) played an outstanding role as a woman who had taken a course in witch craft and was an apprentice who was beginning to fly on a broomstick and had quite a few difficulties taking off. eglantine discovered many tricks and was able to make a bed travel to different parts of the world. however, eglantine missed her final exams to becoming an accomplished witch. mr. emerlius browne, (david tomlinson) was the person who sold eglantine this course in witchcraft and he tries to help her in every way possible to find her solution. eglantine has a purpose to her madness and that is to stop the nazi's from evading england. great family entertainment and we need more films like this today.

i saw this when on the wonderful world of disney as a kid, so i didn't recall much of it. as i watched it recently, i sat there thinking, "this is the weirdest thing i've seen".the 'traveling' scenes look like something caused by an lsd overdose. the animated characters are mostly oddly colored/voiced versions of jungle book and robin hood characters. some not-so-disney things i noticed: kids being threatened at knife point and prostitutes(during the portobello road song).it was very entertaining, though the musical numbers were long and i can see little kids getting bored with them. also, the subject manner was a bit dark, seeing as it was set during ww2.

mary poppins is definitely much better, but this is a lovely film nonetheless. angela lansbury is splendidly dotty as engletine price, and david tomlinson has great fun as mr. brown. their chemistry was just brilliant as well. the children, however just lacked the same sparkle, though paul is very funny and cute. the songs were actually not as bad as some people say, "beautiful briny sea" is the best, in fact all the songs are outstanding. the special effects were wonderful, that had plenty of magic, and the story is original enough. the highlights, though, like mary poppins, were the animated sequences. the underwater sequence was beautiful, but my favourite was the football match, which was absolutely hilarious. the only other criticism was that i didn't quite get the ending when i first saw it. all in all, a lovely film, that is hardly ever on. 8/10 bethany cox

perhaps disney was hoping for another mary poppins but this is a very different story and while angela is delightful she was a very different performer to the great julie andrews. having said that lansbury is perfectly cast and delivers a magical performance. there is something deliciously dotty about her character and she is given wonderful support by david tomlinson. tomilinson can carry a tune but he is certainly not much chop as a singer. it does not matter he was such a gifted actor you hardly notice. there are some great cameos from much loved stars of another time like roddy mcdowel who gives a winning performance and the much loved tessie oshea who does very little but its nice to see the old gal again. its also lovely to see sam jaffe and the king of english television bruce forsythe in small roles. the score has a couple of beautiful songs especially the briny sea and the age of not believing. the big number portabello road is stretched to the limit but it has plenty of theatricality. the effects look a bit cliché today but the scene with the german invaders being attacked by the wildest army in film is pretty impressive. the kids are not as annoying as other movies but one does struggle to understand what the youngest boy is saying. i loved the marching song of the home army. the home guard were very important to britain and this is a warm tribute. the animation is delightful, much better than pixar which i find grotesque. a warm happy film and its a wonder its not done on stage.

okay, this film is about bedknobs and broomsticks, it's one of the most charming, delightful movies you'll ever see as a kid. it's the unforgettable movie about two adults and two spunky kids on an adventure for fun. it may be a little deniable to watch, but try it, i neither my mother didn't think it was bad, i was very enthused with the movie and the animation, they were all quite good.it is a delightfully wondrous comedy for the whole family to enjoy; even the kids. ages 7 years and up will enjoy this wonderful, musical comedy with you and your family especially the animation. the animation movements and layouts are really nice and deserve a thumbs up. it's a terrifically good musical for the whole family so what are you waiting for? go to the video store and rent bedknobs and broomsticks now.

in loving memory of david tomlinson (1917-2000)when i watched this movie for the first time i was 4 years old and i got fascinated by this story of witches in the 2nd world war. the scene, which impressed me the most, was the fight between the nazi soldiers and the medieval army. it was exceptional to see this army without a body walk to fight the astonished singing their march. this movie is fantastic, from the trip to portobello road (which became to me the most fantastic place of london) to the journey to naboomboo. angela lansbury and david tomlinson are really a fantastic couple. she is always great, it seems the good aunt of a family and david with his always astonished face is her great co-protagonist. we'll miss him a lot.

i've just purchased the restored version of a film that i remember with much affection from childhood and it's certainly made for a curious afternoon's entertainment. bedknobs definitely makes more sense in its complete form, the deleted scenes (especially those with mcdowall) link events together quite neatly. what is a little disconcerting is the way the scenes have been remastered. clearly, the soundtrack to this footage had been lost or damaged, so some bright spark at disney decided to dub the scenes with new dialogue. which would have been great except that half the cast weren't around to do it (some for better reasons than others) and the whole thing has a rather shoddy quality to it. some of the lip-synching is pretty poor, and david tomlinson's voice has been dubbed by a bloke who sounds absolutely nothing like david tomlinson (there's actually a hint of german in it, i think). however, good to hear the full versions of all the songs (although 'step in the right direction' is still absent) and the moments of magic in this film still shine through. and i challenge you not to giggle when young paul gazes so innocently at angela lansbury and coos "but what's that got to do with my knob??"

i have personally seen many disney movies in my lifetime, though absolutely none of them match up in any way to bedknobs and broomsticks. although i personally wouldn't have crossed live-action with animation, it was an improvement on trying to dress people up as animation characters. the movie pits three evacuees from world war two who are sent to stay with a silent and socially awkward woman in the country. i would have to say that the casting was brilliant. angela landsbury made a perfect miss price, while david thomilson made a great desperate entertainer love interest. endings always surprise me and this was no exception. it was neither happy nor sad, though i do not know if this was intentional. the dialog wasn't great, but considering it was designed to be a kid's movie, that is alright. overall, i would give the performance nine out of ten, the dialog six out of ten, the casting nine out of ten and the costumes eight out of ten.

i will always have a soft spot for this disney flick, another of their part live action/part animation entries that sought to recreate the success of "mary poppins" and never quite made it. when i was in grade school, every once in a while we would have a movie day, where the whole school would crowd into the cafeteria, and a movie would be projected the old-fashioned way, multiple reels and all. at the time, it seemed like a momentous occasion whenever this day arrived, and "bedknobs and broomsticks" is one of the movies i can remember seeing this way.and from what i remember, it's quite charming. angela lansbury never put her name to anything that wasn't at least competent, and she's winning here as a witch with a magic bed (boy, that could be misconstrued, couldn't it?) who can take her and a couple of young kids on magic adventures to far-off places. come on, what kid wouldn't want a bed like that? grade: a

fabulous, fantastic, probably disney's best musical adventure. i have loved this film for over 35 years because it is so imaginative, clever and fun. even despite the silly "flying bed" scenes, the other scenes and dialog are magical and funny. could they have picked anyone better than angela lansbury to play eglantine? i cannot think of anyone more suited to the role. remaking this classic would be as stupid as remaking mary poppins.david tomlinson, though he had few quality movie roles, absolutely shines in this adventure. he was a comic genius who is often forgotten nowadays. blustering, prim and proper englishman -- nobody could really do slapstick and pull it off as gracefully as he does. it would be tragic to remake this film because tomlinson has been deceased for a few years and nobody could step into his shoes and do his character justice.the dancing nightgowns and armor have a magical aura about them that other movies with witches just don't capture. i particularly enjoy the parts where the germans invade eglantine's house and she must defend it in any way she can.bobbing along, bobbing along on the bottom of the beautiful briny, sea. richard and robert sherman outdid themselves on the musical numbers. all of them are fantastic and worth remembering, portobello road being one of my favorites.a great film that still holds up today!!

the obvious parallels between walt disney's charming fantasy bedknobs and broomsticks and c.s. lewis chronicles of narnia are pretty apparent. there are more coincidences here than comparing bedknobs and broomsticks than with mary poppins even though a lot of the same creative talent went into the two disney films.like the chronicles of narnia it involves some english children leaving london during the blitz and coming to live in the country. and those kids have to deal with a world of magic. but unlike c.s. lewis the rawlins kids have the magic invade their world and help defeat the people making a mess of it in the here and now. no retreating to a fantasy kingdom like the pevensie kids.no heavy duty philosophy here from walt disney except maybe it's not a good thing to mess with witches even apprentice ones like angela lansbury who learn their magic from a charlatan like david tomlinson. ms. lansbury didn't get to be one of the most bankable of performers for nothing. she carries her own brand of magic that even the special effects boys at disney couldn't top. and they won an oscar for the magic kingdom in that department for this film.two performers made their farewell to films in bedknobs and broomsticks. tessie o'shea played her last role in this film, she graced many a film in the united kingdom as one of their best loved music hall performers. and that grand character actor reginald owen as the retired general who leads the old home guard in war and in song bids adieu to film audiences around the world.the team of robert b. sherman and richard m. sherman who wrote the score for mary poppins wrote a good and serviceable one here. the age of not believing was nominated for an oscar, but lost to the theme from shaft. personally though i do like david tomlinson's tribute to that most colorful of london streets, portabello road.bedknobs and broomsticks is a fine fantasy film that still holds up well after almost 40 years. imagine what it would be like with computer generated graphics.

i was lucky enough to catch this film finally on turner classic films tonight, as it is one of the films that won an oscar (for special effects) in their yearly month of oscar winning films. bedknobs and broomsticks is easily a sequel film for the earlier success of mary poppins. that film too was a big success, and an oscar winner (best actress for julie andrews). like mary poppins bedknobs has david tomlinson in it, in a role wherein he learns about parenting. it is a fine mixture of live action and animation. it is set in a past period of british history (if not the edwardian - georgian world of 1912 london, it is england's coastline during the "dunkirk" summer of 1940). it even has old reginald owen in it, here as a general in the home guard, whereas formerly he was admiral boom in mary poppins. ironically it was owen's final role.the home guard sequences (not too many in the film) reminds one of the british series dad's army, dealing with the problems of the local home guard in the early years of the war. the period is also well suggested by the appearance of the three rawlins children as war orphans from the bombings in the blitz in london. and (in typical disney fashion) in the musical number "portobello road" different members of the british army (including soldiers from india and the caribbean (complete with metal drums yet!)) appear with scottish and local female auxiliaries in costume.all of which, surprisingly, is a plus. but the biggest plus is that for angela lansbury, her performance as eglantine price is finally it: her sole real musical film lead. in a noteworthy acting career, lansbury never got the real career musical role she deserved as auntie mame in the musical mame that came out shortly after bedknobs did. she had been in singing parts (in gaslight with her brief up in a balloon boys, and in the picture of dorian gray with little yellow bird, and - best of all - in support and in conclusion of the harvey girls with the final reprise of on the atchison, topeka, and the santa fe). but only here does she play the female lead. so when you hear her singing with david tomlinson you may be able to understand what we lost when she did not play mame dennis burnside.the rest of the cast is pretty good, tomlinson here learning that he can rise to the occasion after a lifetime of relative failure. the three children (cindy o'callaghan, roy snart, and ian weighill) actually showing more interesting sides in their characters than their edwardian predecessors in poppins (weighill in particular, as something of a budding opportunist thinking of blackmailing lansbury after finding out she is a witch). the only surprising waste (possibly due to cutting of scenes) is roddy mcdowall as the local vicar who is only in two sequences of the film. with his possible role as a disapproving foe of witchcraft he should have had a bigger part. also of note is john ericson, as the german officer who leads a raid at the conclusion of the film, only to find that he is facing something more powerful than he ever imagined in the british countryside, and sam jaffe as a competitor for the magic formula that lansbury and tomlinson are seeking. as for the animation, the two sequences under the sea in a lagoon, and at the wildest soccer match ever drawn are well worth the view, with tomlinson pulled into the latter as the referee, and getting pretty badly banged up in various charges and scrimmages. as i said it is a pretty fine sample of the disney studio's best work.

"bedknobs and broomsticks" is a magical adventure film with a certain charm, despite not being one of the best disney works. it has a generally good story, nice songs, great characters, good actors, magical and delightful special effects, good settings and lovely landscapes of england.it also combines very well live-action and animation. the animation itself is, of course, pretty good. the animation resembles very much that of the 1973 animated film "robin hood" and the same can be said about the animated characters: there are plenty of wild animals such as bears, elephants, hippos, lions, crocodiles and others like in "robin hood". besides, the king (a lion) seems to be a mix of prince john and king richard, not to mention that the bear does look like little john.this movie is often compared to "mary poppins" with a reason. both combine live-action and animation with a similar artwork. both have similar settings in london. both have their own magic and a magical woman. the kids (carrie, charlie and cute little paul) are a bit like the banks children. both movies were directed by robert stevenson and both cast david tomlinson. however, instead of a very serious man like george banks, david tomlinson plays a merrier and magical man - professor emelius browne. with its magic, this movie has also some slight but significant similarities to harry potter's stories.the majority of the songs are good. "the age of not believing" and "the beautiful briny sea" are the very best. "portobello road" is nice too.david tomlinson is great in this film once again. angela lansbury is great as miss price and the 3 kid actors are all fine too: cindy o'callaghan as carrie, ian weighill as charlie (a boy in «the age of not believing») and roy snart as the youngest brother paul.i like the black cat. it's pretty cool. it looks a bit like salem, the black cat from the tv series "sabrina, the teenage witch". i find cute whenever one of the movie's characters is transformed into a white rabbit. rabbits are really cute, fluffy and adorable animals. i just love them! even funnier is whenever professor emelius browne is transformed into a white rabbit because, when he's transformed in human again, he shakes his nose like a rabbit. it's really hilarious, combined with his comical figure and that mustache.overall, this is an okay movie, but its ending is quite bad. the first minutes of the movie are nothing special, but then it improves a lot. the ending, however, is weak. that's my major criticism about it, in great part because the animated knights thing is a little too much for me and also due to the war feeling.

this movie has always been my favorit disney movie. then on 11/21/01 i saw the 30th aniversy of this movie dvd. wow i remembered why i loved this movie. the dvd is so great, it has an extra 30 min that the original did not have. i did not know this when i first started watching. the movie made ever so much more since. the music they cut out should have been left in. you have not seen this movie until you have seen the full 131 min version. a lot of people say that the music is forgettable. i remember every song in this movie by heart, every song has it's own charm by it's self, and comes together as a hole. i remember when i was younger i had the "eglantine" song stuck in my head for days at a time. as well as "briny sea" (that song was meant for marry poppens but was cut out of the film) please watch the new uncut 30th aniversy movie and re-vote for this movie. the 10 that it really is.

this is a movie i had never even thought of seeing until my 3 year old spotted it at the video store and grabbed it after liking the cover picture of the animals on nabooboo island. we got it and have watched it repeatedly since; in fact we've rented it several times since. there are very few non-animated movies that my son will watch and pay attention to; what a nice change from dumbo and the little mermaid. the acting is outstanding, the songs are compelling, they get deep into your head and you can't help but singing along. the storyline, while specifically about ww2 is timeless in it's own way and there is something new to see every time you watch. i've heard it compared to mary poppins, but i think they are two very different movies, both excellent, but somehow my son has no interest at all in mary poppins. this is one of those movies that kids will want to watch over and over again and one that parents won't mind complying with. there are days we watch it before nap time and bed time and i don't feel that groan coming that comes when he wants to repeat any other movie.

what can i say about a tale such as this? this magical tale has followed me from my early childhood,evoking warm memories in my heart.the characters take you to to so many whimsical places making you want more of each scene. for example in the market there were so many different flavors of lore. i loved the exotic dancers that accompanied the steel drums.the story line was wonderful.i wanted so badly for landsbury to decide to keep the precocious children and for her to also stay with mr.brown,and find the other half of the spell so that the men less armor could win the war.i am still a child inside,and this movie appeals to my inner child like no other. this movie is my definite favorite of all times. i hope that all children will be able to watch this classic and be swept away,and transported into another time.

this place in england during 1940. three orphans (carrie, charles and paul) are sent to live with miss price (angela lansbury). she doesn't want them but reluctantly takes them in. it seems she is studying to be a witch through a correspondence course with the college of witchcraft. (ok--i realize this is a family film but--college of witchcraft??? come on!!) before she can finish the course though the college is closed because of the war (???) and she seeks down the head professor browne (david tomlinson). and her and the kids travel around on a bed with the help of a magical bedknob.i first saw this when i was 9 and vaguely remember loving it. it sure doesn't hold up as an adult! the story is silly (even for a fantasy), the kids are terrible actors and one of them (charles) is incredibly obnoxious. also roddy mcdowall is third billed and only appears in two short scenes! there's also a trip to the isle of naboombu which is run by animated animals. i thought that might be fun but the animation is poor (for disney) and it has a very violent and far too long soccer game between the animals. there are a few saving graces here: lansbury and tomlinson are just great; the songs (while forgettable) are pleasant; the long dance sequence on portobello road is very colorful and full of energy and the oscar-winning special effects are still pretty impressive at the end. but the weak story line, poor animation and unlikable kids really pull this one down. i heard the extended version is even worse! i can only give this a 7.

spoiler alert!!!!i had just watched the extended version of bedknobs and broomsticks. though i did like the extended version, i wish they would have left the original version on the dvd.the portabello road could have been cut down to the orginal length. it was too long and dragged the movie along. though the dancing is great, would have been much better left on the dvd as a deleted scene.all in all this is a great movie. my 5 year old liked it. and it is wonderful that movies that i enjoyed as a child are being passed on to a new generation. this and mary poppins are added to my collection.just as i had remembered!*** out of ****

set during wwii, bedknobs and broomsticks is a fun-filled fantasy adventure for kids, starring angela lansbury as an apprentice witch who, with the help of three evacuee children and a 'professor of witchcraft', thwarts a nazi invasion.brilliantly inventive, with loads of laughs, this movie will delight kids of all ages with its great characters, exciting story and catchy tunes. lansbury is perfect as eglantine, the not-quite-perfect witch who takes the three children on the adventure of a lifetime, and her three young co-stars (cindy o'callaghan, roy snart and ian weighill) are equally impressive as the cockney rascals who aid in battling the nasty hun.the special effects are somewhat dated, but let's face it, kids don't care too much about these things, so long as they are entertained. and entertained, they will be. with some impressive scenes which brilliantly mix live action and animation to great effect, and more genuine movie magic than a hundred harry potters, it would be hard not to enjoy this wonderful slice of cinematic escapism. in fact, only a rather drawn-out musical number set in portobello road mars the film's perfection, but with so much else to enjoy, that can easily be forgiven.and besides, any film featuring uk television legend bruce forsyth as a 'flash' harry style spiv is guaranteed a good rating from me.

i loved this masterpiece and quite frankly i, too found mary poppins (although i love julie andrews and dick vandyke) to be silly and sacrine-sweet. angela lansbury plays her character to perfection and i don't know why people think of this film as distorted. it was magical and it was lots of fun to watch. every scene held a certain charm as you got to know the characters better. you truly see how this little thrown together family learn to bond with each other, despite their age and differences. i thought the characters were well developed, especially charles who was at "the age of not believing". mary poppins may be more popular and cherished by others but this little gem will be the one that i will always love and cherish.

this is one of the few films where i consider the film rendition to be an improvement on the original book. the story is clear, accessible, amusing and interesting and the musical numbers are without a doubt exceptional. i adored the cyclical rendition of 'the old home guard' and the charming 'portobello road', a great combination of early animation + real actors techniques which, though dated do not detract from the charm of the piece. the background of the second world war worked well and was not omitted as the film got under way, which so often happens in 'evacuee' stories.an often far too underrated film, it produces no end to enjoyment for people of all ages. the performances from the actors are exceptionally well done and the entire text is neatly tied together and well designed. guaranteed to put a smile on your face!

granted i had seen some "speed racer", but i never really watched it and i had also seen other shows some featuring these characters dressed as birds who flew a ship called the phoenix and another revolving around a space ship that looked like a giant ocean vessel and it flew backwards at times for some reason and was really dark and hard to understand for someone who was maybe five. this one though i watched nearly every episode and the amazing to me at the time was that this show had some resolution to it. it actually ended, the bad guys done in unlike nearly every american cartoon where nothing really concludes such as the last episode of the generation one transformers that ended with galvatron and this new bad guy vowing to get the autobots, dungeons and dragons with the kids never making it home, with gi joe with cobra still out there ready to try again and so on and so forth. this one did end and did feature a rather cool robot that got new weapons as the show progressed, it was a bit bland to begin with as it could not fly and had only a few really cool weapons. as it went on he got a cool shooting fist like the one android 16 used against cell in dragonball z, then that weapon evolved to include razors that shot out. then the big robot even got wings so he could fly and even more weapons were incorporated into the wings. he would also get a couple of allies in a female robot and a rather funny one called bobo in america. the villains not only consisted of dr. hell, but a really weird person that was half man half woman and a dude with a flying head. interesting show and it was kind of nice seeing a conclusion.

i was quite a fan of the series as a child and after that it has always remained in my mind as one of those memorable cartoons that made a difference in the early 80s compared to previous animated series (heidi, barbapapa, il etait une fois l'homme..., most of which i love). i find that other similar japanese cartoons of this kind released later can't match mazinger z, as they started to boringly repeat the same pattern.that very thing, the novelty, may be one of the best features of mazinger z. another good point is its inventiveness, with so many extravagant monsters, strange devices and bizarre characters; actually, we were eager to see each new installment to find out what kind of new fiend or evil machine was awaiting us!

"atlantis: the lost empire" was everything the previews indicated it would be. it is not often you find that. most of the time, the previews show only the best parts and then the rest of the movie is terrible. not so with this one. i was pleased with the original plot, even though the sub-plots were not. the animation was not break through like "shrek" but it was good, none the less. the plot and the story line were well presented and there were only a few slow spots in them. this keeps you interested. i found myself enjoying this one. "atlantis" gets and keeps your attention. you also have to think a little bit, but not too much. once you think about it a little, you can figure out what needs to happen but you really don't know for sure how it is going to happen.the casting was also good. michael j. fox, as milo was an excellent choice. his personality fits nicely. the gruff natured commander rourke was also well chosen with james garner. his character reminded me of his performance in "maverick" which i also liked. i really liked the casting of claudia christian as helga sinclair. her ability to play a no nonsense personality makes the film more interesting. it's just too bad she is a villain.over all, definitely worth you while (8 out of 10).

this highly derivative film will be entertaining for the many who have not seen some of the more obscure anime films. i enjoyed most of it, especially after the rather flat opening minutes in the museum (although the pre-title sequence is very entertaining and includes some of the better bits of animation). james garner as the commander and leonard nimoy as the king give impressive performances.

that kid a is such a babe; this movie was no titan a.e.(of which it is in many ways modeled after) but still came off as entertaining, the fact this lost to a piece of monkey crap like tomb raider makes wanna cry; includes some of the most entertaining characters i've seen in disney film

while there aren't any talking animals, big lavish song production numbers, or villians with half white / half black hair ... it does have 1 thing ... realistic people acting normally in a strange circumstance, and walt & roy did in their eras with the studio. if you thought think "the castaways" or "the island at the top of the world" weren't identical, or you hold them to a higher authority than atlantis, then your idealism is just as whacked as keeping your kids up till midnight to watch a friggin' cartoon.

while there aren't any talking animals, big lavish song production numbers, or villians with half white / half black hair ... it does have 1 thing ... realistic people acting normally in a strange circumstance, and walt & roy did in their eras with the studio. if you thought think "the castaways" or "the island at the top of the world" weren't identical, or you hold them to a higher authority than atlantis, then your idealism is just as whacked as keeping your kids up till midnight to watch a friggin' cartoon.

i loved this movie! i am biased seeing as i am a huge disney fan, but i really enjoyed myself. the action takes off running in the beginning of the film and just keeps going! this is a bit of a departure for disney, they don't spend quite as much time on character development (my husband pointed this out)and there are no musical numbers. it is strictly action adventure. i thoroughly enjoyed it and recommend it to anyone who loves disney, be they young or old.

to my surprise, i really enjoyed disney's latest animation installment. the film had its lows, but overall i felt the story was strong and the characters were easy to relate to. it was also pleasant to see an animated disney film that was not a musical. i was about pushed to the limits with tarzan. thankfully they gave the music thing a rest. another nice feature about the film is that the comedy was not completely dumbed down (a la hercules), rather subtle so it still made the kids laugh while not make the adults feel giddy or just plain stupid.one disappointment was the animation. with all the great animated films happening outside disney studios, you would think they would move along and catch up a little. there is something to say about tradition, but imagine the possibilities with the story of atlantis! overall the film was entertaining, and definitely worth a trip to the multiplex.

ok, after reading a couple of reviews on atlantis: the lost empire, i just want to clear up some misunderstanding as to it being a direct rip off from nadia: secret of the blue water. the only part that was a ripoff from nadia is that the pendant from nadia and the pendant from atlantis bear so much resemblence in terms of how it's used, origins and how it's created from the source of life that there's no doubt about it being copied. if you want to consider how kida and nadia is dressed alike then you could put that against disney too(it was kind of wierd for nadia and kida to wear that bikini style clothing in an adventure sci-fi, not to mention they both move in a similar style too). as an anime fan i have to agree there's some degree of copying but it's only on the minor details and even though not many of the ideas are original (like the encryption design on the wall in laputa, the ancient mask from princess mononoke, the resemblence of the vehicles to the garfish submarine in nadia, etc)...the plot itself i believe it's highly original and it's quite amazing that disney can pull it off without the use of captain nemo(the main character in jules verne's 20k leagues under the sea which is also the main character in nadia). as for mylo and jean wearing similar style glasses...as shown in the novel "lord of the flies", glasses is a symbol of wisdom and intelligence. i think mylo, jean, the main character from stargate and a dozen of other "intelligent" characters would look kind of unfit for the role if they went in without glasses. as for the submarines, and how the submarines fight(with those wide blast torpedos which really resembles what nautilius does), i want to state that it's a required element for either one if atlantis is involved in the plot(after all it's a sunken city beneath the waters). as for the crew having some charactistical resemblence with the crew from nautilius in nadia, it might be the artwork but i don't sense any copyright infringement there as the character's personalities were perfectly original to me. as an anime fan that rated nadia as the #1 best anime i ever watched even now today. i do have my doubts about atlantis when i first saw the preview. but now that i watched the movie, i once again regained my confidence with disney and have high hopes for their future movies after atlantis. overall, the best disney movie yet without me shivering at the sound of their songs at the middle of the movie and it's a plus that they revised their cheesy scripts to make it even better. also, it's amazing that they actually portray the bad guys look normal with out making them overly evil in the beginning (i was wondering who the bad guys are and only the blonde girl kind of resemble the looks of a bad character in terms of how disney draws it aka make the bad guys look really menacing)

beautiful to watch, but what would be the first thing you would do the moment you discovered atlantis? explore it! here was a golden opportunity to take viewers someplace special. instead, disney reverted to the same old formula story telling.

atlantis was much better than i had anticipated. in some ways it had a better story than come of the other films aimed at a higher age. although this film did demand a soid attention span at times. it was a great film for all ages. i noticed some of the younger audience expected a comedy but got an adventure. i think everyone is tired of an endless parade of extreme parodies. a lot of these kids have seen nothing but parodies. after a short time everyone seemed very intensely watching atlantis.

atlantis was much better than i had anticipated. in some ways it had a better story than come of the other films aimed at a higher age. although this film did demand a solid attention span at times. it was a great film for all ages. i noticed some of the younger audience expected a comedy but got an adventure. i think everyone is tired of an endless parade of extreme parodies. a lot of these kids have seen nothing but parodies. after a short time everyone seemed very intensely watching atlantis.

while i have a great respect for disney's animated films, as of late they haven't really been what i would call "must-see". atlantis looked intriguing from the first movie poster and trailer, and thankfully lived up to my expectations.atlantis is a more "mature" disney film in the sense that it lacks songs (a very unusual trait for a disney film indeed), and is focused more on action and discovery than any other recent disney offering. the world of atlantis, hidden beneath the earth's core, is fantastic, presented as desolate caverns with ruins, and then slowly developing into actual ecosystems, which, while usually containing some reminder of harshness, become more and more intriguing until the tropical paradise itself is reached. the presentation of simply atlantis' landscape and setting, without some expendable cheery song, gave the kingdom a much more beautiful and intriguing appearance. the inclusion of an atlantean language, as well as attempts to connect it into the mythology of real-life ancient civilizations adds to this, and works fairly well.also, with the exception of some scenes involving mole's practical jokes, there didn't seem to be much of a "childish" element that i usually associate with disney films. instead, the main elements were the struggle to get to atlantis, and the constant discovery that occurred at atlantis, as milo the outsider was able to learn all he ever needed to know about the place by helping the atlanteans discover parts of their own history that they didn't know about. part of this involves the atlantean "weaponry", which is used in a very action-packed climax which is, for lack of a better word, quite exciting.granted, not all of the story makes full sense, and the film doesn't feature any amazing new computer-generated visual effects, but, aside from the toy story movies, this is the most entertaining disney film i've seen in years.

if you have sons or daughters who love action, adventure, intrigue, and imagination - without the need to break into song every twelve minutes - then this is the disney movie for you! my sons loved every minute of this film, and i have to admit that i laughed out loud many times throughout the movie. there are no sappy songs to get in the way of a wonderfully told story, and the characters are all lovable and identifiable in their own right. this should go down as one of the disney "classics" because of its beautifully illustrated scenery and its non-stop excitement!

atlantis is probally the best disney movie that i have seen in years. it has great action scene, magic, an intelligent and weel written script. atlantis, brings back the magic of the disney classics such as "the lion king" or "alladin". after seeing this one i'm sure that this year summer blockbusters season will be great.i recommend to you all, "alantis : the lost empire is like a breath of inspiration.9 out of 10

atlantis: the lost empire has some of the best, smoothest animation and cleverly written dialogue of any disney movie i've seen. and i was convinced of that in the first 15 minutes. i especially love don novello's voice work on vincenzo santorini and phil morris as joshua strongbear sweet. too bad the whole film seems to move at about double the pace that would be appropriate - at least in the first act. one important aspect of any disney movie is a satisfying antagonist - which atlantis doesn't provide. he's average at best. halfway through the movie there's a mediocre twist. that's all. it's a great movie nevertheless. everyone should check it out.

the movie "atlantis: the lost empire" is a shining gem in the rubble of films produced by the disney studios recently. parents who have had to sit through "the jungle book 2" or even a pokemon movie will surely appreciate this one.the film is one of few to attempt at an original story; previous feature films were merely re tellings of existing stories. films such as "toy story", "finding nemo", and "monsters inc." all do the same, but it must be noted that all were made by pixar and only distributed by disney. recent films from the disney studios are mostly released direct to video, and are sequels to an existing successful film. the quality of those films is given way to the profitability. a new era started with "atlantis" following it were "mulan", "lilo & stitch", and most recently "open range". the writers have created all original story lines instead of the fairy tales of the past.a good portion of the movie is devoted to the quest to find atlantis, a task that has captured the imagination of many for hundreds of years. including that of young milo thatch, voiced by michael j. fox. milo is employed by a museum in washington d.c.. his grandfather was a renowned archaeologist, who had devoted his life to discovering atlantis. this was seen as a waste by his peers, and they wish milo to not follow in his footsteps. after failing to convince the museum board of directors to sponsor his expedition, milo comes home to find a woman in his darkened apartment. she takes him to her employer, a mr. whitmore. whitmore was a close friend of milo's grandfather, and wishes to send milo with a team to locate atlantis. mr. whitmore is very wealth and has paid for the best of everything. the crew that is to accompany him is the same as his grandfathers. the journey is filled with many great obstacles to overcome and is great fun to watch. the viewer finds themselves caught up in if they will reach atlantis. the plot takes an unexpected turn after the discovery atlantis, not just the discovery of people. it is enough to keep the interest of the older audience.the animators have done a wonderful job in then depth of the animation. the movie is very successful in blending traditional animation with computer generated images. a feat not easily achieved, most audiences are quick to notice the difference in the two. the characters are believably human. there are some nice chase type scenes, with lots of action going on. a few lulls are filled with jokes that the children just may not get.the creativity of the writers really shines through. the culture of atlantis is richly developed, including an entire language. the film uses references to atlantis from historical sources, such as plato. the disappearance of atlantis from the world is explained. believable, if by a younger audience, that magic really does exist. the powers of the people of atlantis are not exactly presented as magic, but can best be described in this way.although set in 1914 the level of technology used is unrealistic. the voyage is in a submarine very reminiscent of captain nemo's nautilus, complete with sub pods that fire torpedoes. the giant diggers are driven by steam boilers so they did try for some era technology. the female characters are empowered in a way that women of the age would not have been, even holding roles in leadership. this is not a bad thing. it gives a good role model for my daughter to look to, rather than an all male cast.one reason this film is a favorite of mine over other disney films is that there is not one single song, ever. a tradition that began with the first feature film, "snow white", and carried on through to "the lion king", almost every disney film is full of upbeat songs. this is great and all, what would the seven dwarfs be without "hi ho!"? after the millionth time through it'd almost be better without, but this one spares the parent. not once does every single person on the screen suddenly know the words to a song that no one has ever heard before and break out in song. i for one am grateful.the storyline and depth of animation is sure to keep the attention of both parent and child alike. it is a film i am willing to watch again and again with my children.

atlantis: the lost empire is a better movie than i thought. i never thought this movie would lead to my expectations. true, this movie started slow, but as the movie wore on it became more to my liking. the story takes place in 1914 and is about a guy named milo. milo believes in the fabled atlantis. along with friends of his grandfather, he embarks on an amazing adventure of his own. along the way, he must endear friendship, betrayal, trust, and more. the voice cast is great. they surely know how to carry movies with only their voice talent. the music is nothing special but likable anyway. the animation is not the best, but it is still good enough. overall, this is a good family movie for all ages. i rate this movie 9/10.

"atlantis" is a new and right step for a disney feature. it's a good choice to make a film by such a mysterious legend like "atlantis". i didn't have any expectations for this film, but after watching it, i don't quite understand why this film got so bad reviews. even in my country the reviewers weren't positive."atlantis" is not a perfect movie, but still one of disney's greatest, even i doubt that this film ever will get "disney classic" reputation. well, that's another case. it's funny to think that this sci-fi movie was directed by the same directors as "beauty and the beast" and "hunchback" (so kirk wise and gary trousdale are trying to get away from their monster movies reputation, he he, i'm just kidding).well, enough nonsense. "atlantis" is a watchable, exiting and very enjoyable film. even this film it's a pg-rated action-feature, it's also suitable for kids, in my opinion (parents who mean the opposite, don't kill me for writing this, he he).the story is a little predictable, but it doesn't ruin the movie. the comic book-inspired animation it's suitable for the film and set's a departure from the usual disney-style. it's colorful, dark and detailed. the deep canvas sequences are pretty impressive. the film is also funny sometimes, even i more giggled than laugh through the movie. (spoilers) the characters of this film are also very likable, but unfortunately there isn't enough screen time to get to know everybody, so some characters are left behind (spoilers).the score of james newton howard is absolutely great. it's daring and exotic. (spoiler) the most impressive about this film is how they're making the atlantean language sound very natural, ethnic and authentic. it's really awesome (spoilers over)the script is tight and well-written, but still the there are some questions left unanswered in the story. but luckily there are not so much of them.so do you're self a favor, don't listen to the reviewers and watch "atlantis", cause it's waiting for you...

definitely a very good idea,screenplay was just ok.could have been better,the positives are that it doesn't bore you if you're an adventure lover,a new idea about the lost world of atlantis.negatives are that i personally feel that this idea had so much more potential than this.they should've ended up with a better adventure than this.it wasn't bad at all but it would have been much better with some more runtime.enjoyed it a lot though,cant say that it was boring or wasn't good..a good one for the people who like adventure animations like sindbad,like the road to el dorado.this movie is also recommended for people looking for a nice little adventure with a very nice happy ending.

i thought that this film was very enjoyable. i watched this film with my wife before i had my first child. therefore, i was not watching it as simply family entertainment and i still thoroughly enjoyed it. it seems as though many of the reviews are pointing out that this movie is not earth shattering, there were no unexpected plot changes and that the movie was predictable and boring. if these people were watching this movie expecting to have a religious experience doing so, then they were obviously going to be disappointed. this is simply an animated movie; nothing more. if you want to see this movie simply to sit back and let yourself be entertained, you will not be disappointed. in closing, this is definitely not the best movie disney has made, but it is entertaining and i do not understand the bad reputation it has received.

it is written in stone that disney animations simply ~must~ be musicals. right? where? show me. because i found this attempt to be much more enjoyable for ~not~ containing the hokey made-for-five-year-old standard disney musical fare. while the story was not as enthralling as it could have been, it was still quite good, enjoyable, and adventurous. i had hoped for a bit more, yes, considering the subject matter, but this movie is ~not~ the bitter disappointment or utter failure it has been billed to be. the animation quality is average, but the dialog is quite compelling, as is the story line, plot, sub-plot, and amazing creativity i found within this production. i will refrain from outlining the plot, as it has been done and done, but this movie is well worth a view if you are a fan of fantasy.this is, in my opinion, the best disney animated feature length film.it rates a 9.4/10 from...the fiend :.

this movie was great! it was an excellent rendition of an ancient myth. the animation was somewhat odd, but nothing new from disney. it was definitely better than expected for a disney movie with no singing.the background animation was magical. it was a different level of work for the disney people. some of the characters were a little boxy, but it was more than made up for with the beauty and lushness of the scenery. the music was largely instrumental but that was perfect for the movie. this was definitely not a film that needed the characters to bust into song.perfect. 10 out of 10.

disney, the film name that once stood for all things innocent and suitable for all ages, has finally started to realise that to survive it needs to become more diverse. such diversity has been very apparent in the last couple of years. films like "tarzan" and "the emperor's new groove" have made an attempt to move away from the traditional song-driven routine of disney's past and into new, uncharted territory. "atlantis" is the boldest step yet, but we have to remember: this is still disney. the first ever serious film to come out of disney's animation studio is a major achievement for them - in fact it's so serious it makes it into pg territory. perhaps why a lot of families were scared off from seeing it this past summer.but despite the more mature subject matter, this is still a film that disney wanted to draw in the families with, not just mature audiences, so the plot had to be kept simple enough for children to understand, but interesting enough to take it away from the realms of "the little mermaid" et al.so what we get is actually a potentially detailed plot, unfortunately suffering the blow of being condensed into a 96-minute movie. ultimately, this is an action film about atlantis, not about the exposition preceding it, so we are whisked through the first half hour with as many sequences bombarding the screen as is possible without losing coherency. suspend your disbelief of how the characters get from point a to point b so quickly, you're unlikely to find an animated film that detailed coming out of hollywood! if you want epic levels of detail in the plot, turn to james cameron's "titanic". both films feature a boat in some manner.and let's talk about love, shall we? yes, as with a lot of films, the lead male (one milo thatch, a bumbling archaeologist) and lead female (kida, the clichéd atlantian princess) are set to fall in love with each other. but what i found was not as clichéd as i was expecting. by film's end, for once, the characters touching/feeling/kissing sequence was far more subdued. there's various points in the film where the attraction grows, but it's just not in the ballpark of, say, "the little mermaid" (a good thing).you may have grasped that this is a rather clichéd film. correct. you have your leading hero and heroine, backed up by more than half a dozen crew members who go on the expedition, all being given their moments during the film. numerous other characters appear, take up the few minutes of screentime, then disappear. it doesn't take a genius to do the maths – a 96-minute film with a focus on action and visuals, and with a considerable cast, has very little time to expand the characters to any major extent. so what does it rely on? clichés, and lots of them. every character emulates something that has been done a thousand times before. you have the bumbling scientist, the attractive princess, the square-jawed colonel, the rich eccentric, the maniacal sleazebag, the russian femme fatale – need i go on?i don't know why this got to anyone – i found the tongue-in-cheek nature of this film quite amusing. alright, this is meant to be a serious flick, but do you really expect disney to give up every single trait of their history? at least the writers have tried to come up with consistently witty dialogue, and sometimes it even is a little inspired.but in the end it's those big stunning visuals that put the icing on this cake. the cgi animation is truly amazing in places, and doesn't dwarf the characters, which was a flaw that let the recent "titan a.e." down. speaking of characters, disney hired an outside comics industry artist to create the designs, bringing an anime style to the film. infact the visual presentation of the film as a whole owes a lot to anime, much more so than any previous disney outing. this resulted in a conflict with fans of the japanese anime, "nadia", for the film's overall similarities with said cartoon series. having not seen this anime, i can't comment.with picture, there is sound. gary rydstrom heads up the sound team, and what a soundtrack! from the opening shot the sound stage is alive and is a treat. james newton howard treats us to a dynamic musical score, which compliments the film in every way, never sounding out of place and always helping to build the tension or subdue it.perhaps i missed the point of what the creators intended. to me, the film conveys that it's an adventure thrill ride, albeit with a more serious tone than any disney film before it. if you don't like the clichéd tongue-in-cheek attitude, then perhaps the effort that has been poured into the visuals will delight. heck, at least the mythology is far more correct than can be said about other disney efforts (*cough*hercules*cough*).this is a positive, 10 out of 10 review, from someone who was blown away by this film. i always suspend my disbelief with any animated film – after all, the laws of the real world are more than frequently broken in the cartoon medium. so sit back, enjoy the ride, and perhaps everyone can find something to enjoy about this film.

i thought this movie was very well put together. the voice-overs were also great. i liked how they all overcame their conflicts and reached their goals. i would recommend this movie to anyone. it was definitely worth the time and money to watch it. atlantis has some comic scenes that made me laugh. other scenes made me sad. and others made me glad. it is a movie any age can enjoy. from the moment milo is the crazy "profesor" or until he gathers the crew up for the fantastic voyage under the sea. after i watched the movie, i read the book. it was good as well, but the movie puts better pictures in your mind. it is just like the book. but go ahead and watch this movie!

here's what i knew about "atlantis" before watching it:* - it's officially disney's first animated sci-fi adventure. i'm not sure how accurate that is (i like to nitpick) but it made me curious first time i heard it described.* - the preview looked, for the most part, damn cool. evidently, it was also "too cryptic" according to some critics after the fact.* - it apparently did so badly that disney said, "screw it, let's re-release 'spy kids'".so, with all that said, how is the movie?hella-cool.i'm a sucker for animated fantasy that involves stirring music and rampant special effects anyway, but "atlantis" goes all out. it's a throwback to all the cgi eye-candy shots in "beauty and the beast" and "aladdin", so much so that it's almost an effects animator's best-of show. the characters maybe aren't that memorable (except, perhaps, for the ship's medical officer), and the plot's a little dull, but this isn't a movie you watch for the plot.here's a controversy that bothers me. the "failure" (as in, it "only" took in, like, five-hundred-million or something; i know animators who'd kill to see fifteen bucks of that) of this movie compared to the popularity of "shrek" and "monsters inc." has been seen as evidence of the death of traditional animation. i don't think that's true. how do you account for the "south park" movie? what about "final fantasy"? really, the story and the artistry is everything, not the method. i don't know what disney's comeback movie will be like, but i don't think they're out of the picture yet.

i grew up watching scooby and have been a fan forever. this cartoon moves away from the same old routine that can get boring to viewers. the crooks in mask routine gets old and this cartoon is a change from that. it's not meant to replace the scooby gang it's just a break from the same old crime scene for both viewers and writers i'm sure. the cartoon's focus is on scooby and shaggy who inherits a large sum of money and use that money to thwart world conquest plans from a mad scientist and his goons. small homages of the gang and the gang themselves are featured from time to time. if you are a fan of scooby-doo you can still appreciate the bond between a boy and his talking dog, along with the jokes that come with it. just enjoythe cartoon and support the creators/writers and producers so that this won't be the last scooby cartoon.

i just can't believe some of the comments on this show! the show is just genius! sure it doesn't follow the tried and true, but do we as consumers always want the same things thrust at us over and over again. shouldn't we have the option to sit back and enjoy something new once in a while. the style is not as realistic as previous "scooby doo" shows, but it's not supposed to be. the show it titled "shaggy and scooby doo get a clue" what part of that title states that the entire beloved cast of other renditions would constantly join in the action. and nowhere does it say that they'd be solving mysteries, and they can't even stand monsters, so why would they? i'm actually glad that they put some long standing plot points that work into a scooby-doo show. they still have running jokes, clumsy hi-jinks, quick-change outfits in chase scenes, the standard hallway gag and even scooby snacks. in fact i'm glad that this show is out there, because i just love it. i'm even glad they got rid of the rest of the team for a while and concentrated on just two main characters and a villain.sure it's ridiculous, it's supposed to be! sure it's different, it's supposed to be. it's supposed to make you laugh at the villain, and cheer for the idiotic robotic butler to triumph over all intruding vermin, no matter what the size. you're supposed to get the running "roobi-roo" joke. the whole thing is just put together so well, there isn't a single thing i can think that is wrong with it. the writing, the acting, the animation, all top notch. the title music is awesome (my computer plays "get a clue!" when it boots up), and the background music is just gripping.

i actually really like what i've seen of this cartoon so far. sure, the animation isn't the best, but frankly, i'd rather see this type of more cartoony style done quickly and cheaply than the old type of style done quickly and cheaply (which was starting to happen more and more often--it's only a style that looks good when a lot of time and effort is put into it). there's nothing wrong with the angular lines and the little black-dot eyes--in fact, i think it's really cute. as a kid i never thought scooby-doo's design was particularly adorable, but i think i might like it better know.anyway, shaggy has always been my favorite character, and believe it or not, but i think he has the most potential for some depth. sure, the show doesn't center around the original "mystery-solving" theme, but that was just a tired old formula anyway. don't get me wrong--i'm sure there are writers out there who would be able to bring a lot more interest to mystery inc.'s traditional pursuits (which has been lacking as late), but in the mean time this show is a fun deviation from the standard. shaggy and scooby are still funny, but no longer only comic relief. they're still cowardly, but finally have the opportunity to use what seems to be (shock!) intelligence. they're the same old over-eating slackers as ever, but now actually seem to be getting on with their lives with the help of uncle albert's inheritance.i used to find most original scooby-doo jokes to be pure cheese and unintentionally hilarious at best, but this show actually exercises a capacity for real humor. also, i never really like casey kasem as shaggy anyway, so the new actor doesn't annoy me as much as he does other people. (i still think billy west was the best, though)overall, while not a great cartoon in the scope of all of cartoon history, still an achievement among other scooby incarnations.

like many here i grew up with scooby-doo. unlike many here who did, i love this show! i think that it has been very well done and thought through. everything about it marks it as a spin-off which isn't meant to be taken seriously. the formula is simple - it is a parody of other cartoons with a single bad guy trying to get the better of the good guy. by using the well known shaggy and scooby-doo characters it is much easier to engage the viewer with the parody humour from the outset of each 30 minute episode.there have always been scooby-doo spin-offs which have annoyed fans. the classic being the scooby-shaggy-scrappy shorts from the 80's. these spin-offs had their place: they allowed new content to be sold, created new fans, and kept scooby-doo merchandise on the shelves. i would agree that "shaggy & scooby-doo: get a clue!" doesn't fit in with this traditional role but it is probably what i had always wanted the scooby-shaggy-scrappy shorts to be: an action packed show which focuses on the best/funniest scooby-doo characters! good features of the show: the animation, the voices, the attention to detail, the bad-guys, the "best friend" relationship between shaggy and scooby-doo, the constant humour! bad features: none, although the revamped mystery machine is pretty close at times.well done warner bros. animation! one of the cleverest cartoons in a long time!

my baby sitter was a fan so i saw many of the older episodes while growing up. i'm not a fan of scooby doo so i'm not sure why i left the tv on when this show premiered. to my surprise i found it enjoyable. to me shaggy and scooby were the only interesting characters *dodges tomatoes from fans of the others* so i like that they only focus on those two. however, this may cause fans of the original shows to hate it. i like the voice acting, especially dr. phinius phibes. i liked listening to him even before i knew he was jeff bennett. and jim meskimen as robi sounds to me like he's really enjoying his job as an actor. i also get a kick out of the techies with their slightly autistic personalities and their desires to play dungeons and dragons or act out scenes from star wars (not called by those names in the show, of course).

i'm going to keep this review short and sweet....i saw the trailer for this and thought i'd give it a whirl 5 minutes in and my initial thoughts were "what the hell is this?" but after 10 minutes i was hooked and after 20 i was picking my jaw up from off the floor. this film is a great example of how different a movie can be, and furthermore it's french. this film is high art eye candy wrapped up in a tidy futuristic film noir package, the motion capture is very clever and the black and white animation style which has no grey although at first didn't do it for me totally captivated me and by the end of the film and i found myself wishing every film was made like this. i think my opinion was helped by the great dubbing it would have been very easy to ruin it had they not landed so many respected actors as many voice actors give no feeling to the characters (just watch any hong kong legends film in english to see a perfect example)i gave it 9 although i gave it an extra 2 because of how fresh and new the whole thing feels....

this film is absolutely stunning. a new blade runner - future noir at it's most gritty. the vision of paris is superb, both recognisable and visionary, with sweeping vistas, grungy set pieces and futuristic virtual reality.the story line is quite simple, with few surprises, but that's not what i like most about the film. it is a visual treat. done in 3d and rendered in black and white (no greys!) with only one short spot of colour, it is less hard on the eyes than it sounds. there are many "arty" camera shots - closeups and odd viewpoints - but that just adds to the temperament of the film. overall you get the impression of a graphic novel in footage form.i was initially under the impression that the film had been rotoscoped, such was the level of animation and high detail in the character's facial expressions. but unlike "a scanner darkly" - which suffers from (or indeed is enhanced by) inconsistent character definition (just watch the way some of the hair changes shape!) - renaissance is consistent and precise throughout. when the character is in close-up, added details and texture can bee seen, but when in mid-shot or further away details are omitted, but not to the detriment of character definition.for me, the only down side of the film is that in one commentary we are told that this is a one-off project. such a shame, as i would like to see more of this futuristic film-noir storyline and especially in this cutting-edge graphic style.oh, and the english dub is great too.all in all a great film and highly recommended.

much in the same way frank miller and his sin city comics used black and white to express itself (and its film noir influences), so does christian volckman with renaissance.it is the year 2054, in paris. in the tradition of science fiction, the future is a bright, sparkling multi-teared jewel. this is a jewel in a setting of misery, inequity and darkness; bright and beautiful on top with a dark underbelly beneath. one of these "bright" people at the top, a research scientist from a very large and influential global company (avalon), is kidnapped. the well known and efficient, captain karas (voiced by the new james bond himself - daniel craig), is assigned the task to find her.the plot and layout is not overly original. it is heavily influenced by film noir, gibson's neuromancer and other detective stories, along with movies like blade runner, sin city, fritz lang's metropolis and minority report. there is the main plot, surrounded by other possible sub-plots that all connect at the end. it is not hard to figure it all out.the movie's strength and originality is in its intense visual presentation. paris is an intricate array of levels and sub-levels. at its base is the more primitive industrial infrastructure. as the city rises, so does its architectural complexity and luminescence. yet in this structure, the top does not equate with elevation of human ideals and behavior. paris has been intricately animated and laid out in brilliant black and white. the movie is closer in spirit with sin city (the comics) then sin city the movie was with its source material. this is done all the more easy, because it is still remaining in relatively the same medium; animation. much in the same way as a scanner darkly pushed the visual aspects of story telling, so does this. the light and dark, black and white creates an atmosphere of contrasts, as well as visual ambiguity. right and wrong, black and white can lose all meaning at the same time it is right in front of us. the movie proves how black and white can be both ambiguous and obvious at the same time.in keeping with the spirit of the movie, i can be both critic and fan. i can love and loath in the same light. it is definitely an experience i recommend for lovers of the visual arts. so pour another black and tan, enter the void and enjoy the ride.

i have to mention two failures for you to understand that this movie brilliantly succeeded where they failed: "a scanner darkly" and "immortel ad vitam". if you were excited by the concepts of these two movies and felt woefully disappointed (like me), you will probably enjoy renaissance. it immerses you into the world of a future paris. it is not quite dystopian. they did the animation so well that i thought it was rotoscoped, but from what i can tell, it was not, it was merely motion capture. the facial expressions are amazing! not since tron have i seen a fantasy world so well displayed in an animation/live hybrid. the black and white medium is used to slowly direct your attention to the subject of the scene; my favorite effect was what they did with headlight beams, watch for it. the director plays with your attention and confusion but you are satisfied eventually by finding the thread that he wants you to find. the overall effect is a harsh and gritty urban world filled with small surprises.the plot is secondary, but it isn't terrible. it is noir-ish. there is a backstory for most of the major characters giving them some depth. there is weather. there are "sets" so you can feel like you are in different places in paris. there is some action, and even a car chase. i am going to have to see this one again to get everything. i also recommend a very large screen to view it as the "sets" are detailed and the credits are small.

'renaissance (2006)' was created over a period of six years, co-funded by france, luxembourg and the united kingdom at a cost of around €14 million. the final result is a staggering accomplishment of comic-book style animation, aesthetically similar to what robert rodriguez and frank miller achieved with 'sin city (2005),' but this film employed motion capture with live-actors to translate their faces and movements into an entirely animated format. presented in stark black-and-white, the film looks as though it has been hoisted from the very pages of the graphic novel on which it was based, and the futuristic city of paris looms ominously above us. directed by french filmmaker christian volckman, in his feature-length debut, 'renaissance' draws significantly from other films in the science-fiction genre, and the tech-noir storyline isn't something we haven't seen before, but, from a technical standpoint, it is faultless.the year is 2054. the city of paris is a crumbling metropolis filled with dark alleys and deserted footpaths, the recent installation of modern technology merely offering a thin mask to the pitiable degradation of the darkened buildings. the city's largest corporation, avalon, achieved wealth through offering citizens the promise of beauty and youth, and the company's research department is continually striving to invent greater means of eliminating the aging process. ilona tasuiev (voiced by romola garai in the english-language version, which i watched) , a brilliant young scientist, is mysteriously kidnapped on her return from work, and so it falls to legendary detective barthélémy karas (daniel craig) to uncover her current whereabouts. possibly holding the key to the woman's disappearance is bislane (catherine mccormack), ilona's hardened elder sister, whose trustworthiness is in question, and jonas muller (ian holm), the dedicated medical doctor who adored ilona as his own daughter.the eerie, dimly-lit city of paris is reminiscent of ridley scott's 'blade runner (1982),' and some of the technology looks as though it might have been borrowed from tom cruise in 'minority report (2002)' {which was, coincidentally, also set in the year 2054}. however, despite this familiarity, volckman has created an exciting world for his characters to inhabit. blending classic film-noir and science-fiction, the result is an eye-catching collage of harsh lighting and dark shadows, which, i should warn, occasionally becomes difficult on the viewer's eyes. the dialogue is a little banal at times, and the story, though engaging, doesn't offer anything strikingly original {except for the ending, which i thought was a bold twist on the usual formula}, but 'renaissance' is intended to work best as a visual treat, and that it succeeds in this regard cannot be denied.

2054. paris is an escher drawing with people and vehicles scurrying along at multiple levels in an obvious homage to fritz lang's metropolis. paris is both ultramodern and crumbling into decay. and in the blink between surveillance sweeps, a pretty young medical researcher is kidnapped just after leaving her sister in a seedy nightclub. a tough police captain investigates. shown in stark black and white, with the gloomy corridors, shadowy alleys and single source lighting characteristic of the most hard-boiled of film noir, comparisons to sin city are inevitable. but the story owes more to masamune shirow and william gibson than to frank miller, as high tech surveillance, near-invisible stealth suits and ruthless super-corporations are as much a part of the landscape as guns and cars. the film never quite generates the doom-laden atmosphere of gibson's cyberpunk vision, with its tech-heavy marginal characters clashing with industrial types from corporations that all seem to have their own ministry of fear, but the viewer definitely gets the sense that future paris is no utopia and future science is less than benevolent. and as the police procedural plot line unfolds we are taken into the darker recesses of individual ambition beneath the shiny veneer of avalon corporation's cultivated pr image. the motion capture process used here produces a look somewhere between b&w comic books and next generation rotoscoping, and is either captivating or intrusive depending on your tastes. nevertheless, a great visual sense is on display here, and future paris is filled in down to the tiny details giving the picture a unique look which is in turns both spartan and baroque. worth a look.

time for hollywood to sit up and take notice! if the actors are acting snooty, all you need to do is get the animators who worked on this little marvel. renaissance is probably the first animation flick which makes you forget that you are not seeing human beings. although the voice overs by the cast (craig, mccormack, pryce etc.) are some of the best i have ever heard but even then the emotions portrayed by the 'cartoons' are unnerving.this style of animation is not very new but the use of light and shadows makes the movie a living painting. ironically, such technical wizardry makes you forget that this is actually a very very nice movie. the pacing and plot development are marvelous and the dialogs crisp.plot: disappearance of a mega corporation's top employee unravels a tale of deceit and corruption with a cold hearted hero at the helm. can't say much without giving it all away...except that while the movie keeps you at the edge of your seat, the climax leaves you speechless.a must watch..even for the 'grown-ups' who smirk at 'cartoons'

i would almost give it 10 out of 10. however, there are some confusing parts as well as sections that are miss-leading which hurt the flow/continuity of the film. the story line is great and well composed; you will definitely want to watch this quietly to fully understand it. the characters are complicated and so is the story line, expect to be given only enough information to stop scratching your head, it's a film where all is explained in the end. the animation is great and the combination of femme fatal and film noir result in a great film that is unlike anything else i've seen in animation. it is a black and white film and its quiet dark in a few scenes so it's worth watching it on a good t.v, or plasma. the character voices do save this film in its english version, but it would have been more convincing if there were some french accents to emphasize that its happening paris, i enjoyed it more in french with english subtitles. one the whole its well worth buying on dvd or blueray if they have it! and personally if you enjoyed this film you might also like; waking life & ghost in a shell 2 innocence, this is just a personal suggestion.

there's about 25 years worth of inspiration packed into it. beginning with existential themes of blade runner, as well as the vision of the future - with corporate billboards advertising their products, to the technology of the later matrix films and spielberg's a.i., and finally the black and white graphic novel look similar in style of sin city. the creators have put in a lot of effort in the visual department and the outcome is a well crafted future neo-noir. add a detective story and you've got an interesting film. i know what it wanted to be, but regardless of the stunning visuals, it wasn't enough to get it to the final destination.

punctuating the opening credits sequence is a swarthy man having a strange, all-too-real nightmare. closing in on its dystopic 2054 paris, the film begins to follow a woman into a grungy club, where she and a slavic bartender convene outside on the deck. they toss exclamations at each other to the effect that she owes him more money although she believes she's paid it all. another woman obstructs the budding violence, only to have a bitter fight with the woman herself. the initial woman storms out, and she is kidnapped. christian volckman's renaissance appears to be another one in an assembly line of recent motion-capture-animated sci-fi noir pictures, but in spite of whether or not that is essentially true, it tells a neatly arranged, classically unraveling detective story that keeps us in the dark in its opening minutes, even whilst introducing karas, the hard-boiled cop we recognize from the beginning as the man awakening from a terrible dream.the rudiments of classic film noir are all hit upon without any anachronistic changes, for all intents and purposes. it is in the harshness of its monochrome that volckman's french thriller has followed no example. for the film's animators, unfettered by the challenges of physical lighting that would normally be faced, have been able to begin with a totally black frame, and to affix utter pitch-white according to the action on screen. as they scrupulously imitate the effects of real light sources throughout the frame, the distinction of black and white here is full-blown without even any of the slightest shades of gray to tone with the characters' less starkly definite moral codes, and the outcome is a harsh and judgmental vision of the direction in which commercial civilization is going, sporadically caused to undergo the most blaring and ruthless of illumination. it is the artistic study of film noir taken to their visual boundary of its philosophy, and nothing before has ever shared quite the same execution of this visual concept.all the characters in this decent cyberpunk film seem as if to have been walk off with purely from a gothic comic book in black ink, but all together their physical responses, their motions and the nuances of their facial expressions look ashore within a clear humanity. normally, films that try out new developments in animation allow their technical advances upstage all other facets of production. sin city, for example, left substance and overall good screen adaptation from its source material to be desired.it may not be mind-blowing, it may have its narrative conventions and its voice-over cast may simply be adequate, but renaissance, made for $19 million over six years, not only feels like actual noir instead of a rashly penned appropriation, but also is not secondary to all the visual innovation, which is played as if to be incidental. one leaves thinking not so much about how cool it is when karas is evading bullets shot through a crowded glass parisian street, but more about its ponderance of life and death, how life's tragedies, such as death, make life meaningful.

in 2054 paris, avalon, a computer generated system, controls the city and when a young woman is kidnapped, detective karas (craig) must go against avalon to find her.renaissance is a splendid blend of film making mixed with a conceptual futuristic narrative that lights up the screen in a shocking manor with a noir themed ideology and conceptual montages that should delight many.pixar are the animation masters. their numerous oscar winning films are endless from the charming toy story to the mystifying wall-e and so any company or director has a real challenge to knock them of their perch. renaissance isn't a film aimed for the young audience though, and like 2007's persepolis, brings a strong and mature approach to the genre of animation to make an older and more challenging film to its targeted older generation.in 2005 robert rodriguez released a shockingly brilliant noir sin city that shook up the whole usage of green screen with a splendid balance of filming in black and white with the odd spurts of colour and a year later, christian volckman took up a similar approach with this equally visually masterful stroke of film making.volckman's picture however is a full on animation but it doesn't half look realistic for the majority of it's strong 1 hour and 40 minutes of running time. the faces of the character's are well portrayed and in particular, this film has got to be the finest ever for the usage of shadow. the fact we never know if its night or day is irrelevant when simply gazing into the stony faces as the shadows blend across their expressions. it is almost a clever use of pathetic fallacy, and is finely directed also.for anyone who has seen persepolis you will have come to the conclusion it is one of the finest directed animations ever screened for the simple but highly conceptual artistic style by marjane satrapirenaissance is equally on terms with that picture and in many instances rivals it with stronger graphics and a darker tone to reflect the mood. one scene in particular when karas appears out of darkness is beautifully shot.the narrative revolves around a stubborn and nosey political government who keeps tabs on every citizen. the running of paris is down to the mysterious avalon which we don't see nearly enough to get an essence of its true dominance. renaissance is controlling the narrative around a tired cop's attempts to rescue the mysterious woman, and then we see craig's tired and boring cop attempt a rescue whilst battling with other elements. there are many things wrong with the scripting, not to mention the tired exasperated cop routine is now old, but there is plenty of dashing adrenaline and springy banter between characters to keep it alive right till a wonderfully shot shocking last couple of stages.

every second of the film is gorgeous. and that's why it earns a 7, because the plot is not especially devious, and thinking back over the last 90 minutes i never really felt any excitement or investment in the characters. if anything, the luxurious graphics and framing have made certain scenes (the car chase, for instance) more pedestrian than they ought to be - not that they don't look lovely and have some very original design and occasionally novel camera angles - but they are missing the kinetic movement and close-up shots that are part of the language for any normal action/thriller. the first hour plods along, and the dialogue feels very edited and a bit stagey - people wait for each other to finish and don't always react in a natural cadence, which would be a problem of recording each individual's dialogue separately. on rare occasions the emotions in the voices don't quite match those on screen; something that should really have been avoided. the futuristic architecture is very attractive (lots of glass walls/ceilings/screens, lovely smoke/mirage/special effects) and nice-looking cars, but again - it's more an exercise in graphic design, having no real impact on the story. i'd argue that the whole point of using drawn animation (instead of actors/cgi) is to really push the limits of imagination and design; to do that which is too difficult/impractical in other mediums. although the animation in renaissance is certainly stunning and incredibly well-accomplished, i never felt like i was seeing something that hasn't been done before.immortel, another french cgi film, also suffers from an imbalance of beauty over story & pace. to be fair, some marvellous and engaging french movies also have a languid pace, and lingering shots of the look in someone's eyes or the rain on paris cobbles can evoke great emotion - but animators need to understand that while animation brings unique strengths, it also has weaknesses when compared to real-life technique. perhaps it would break from the 'noir' rules that the film wants to stick to, but i think the film-makers also missed a glaring opportunity to explore their future society a bit more - the social strata, the fascistic grip of the corporations etc.i have no problem recommending renaissance to anybody who enjoys stylistic design and/or animation ('manga' fans in particular), but i wouldn't make my other film-loving friends sit through it. take away the sumptuous visuals and it's a barely average film.

just like final fantasy brought cg to a whole new level, this is a rebirth for motion capture. neither movie nor cartoon, this motion picture looks like a homage to the film noir, akira, sin city, blade runner and the new generation of european cartoonists. you see paris the way it almost could be, the characters seem as real as you and i. they blink, trip, shiver like real actors in a way never achieved before.don't go watch it hoping to find a mind twister. you will most likely figure it out before you're half way from the movie. the scenario is certainly too simplistic compared to famous thrillers, but this definitely is bliss for the eyes.

a very unique sci-fi animated film, and frankly i love uniqueness no matter which way it tends to be, better or worse. this french film is quite interesting to watch, the technique part is innovatory, like "waking life" i recently watched.it took me quite a long time to get used to the black-white style, but eventually i love it, the sketchlike images are really fancy! the contracted future world is a symbol of human race's final destination which i adore it very much.the whole plot is fine for a sci-fi, not so intriguing but it's ok, like some hollywood's products, a giant conspiracy about human's eternity, a little bit cliché and the twisted ending is not so convincing, some development is just too plain and insipid, and the whole movie is too long.so i think i'm just in love with the style this film shows, others are not so good.about the eternity of life, i think most people have come to a unanimousness that we don't want eternity because it demolishes the meaning of life, we treasure our lives because they are limited and meaningful, if everyone can live forever, thus the world world will become a disaster and chaos. leaving someone you love is hard and heartbreaking, but that's also a way to show our lives are genuine and all the emotion fulfills one's life and make the world colorful and lively.

i read that this did not well, that the story is not solid, that volckman feels he has failed in some way.i disagree. first, it is well executed. volckman is doing well to not only to try a new technique, but to have a focus that is worth thinking about: would immortality reduce the value of life? big question ...i can see he trying hard to build a feeling, and he is not compromising. this is to be applauded. i am sure it was an interesting exercise to build characters in such a form. i have seen artists reduce a form to bare minimum to build the intensity of a moment. i identify this film with this.further, it is much more interesting than richard linklater's roto-scoping, and volckman's story has more meaning than linklater's later stories of a wasted life on drugs. old news. everyone knows it, but no one does anything about it. renaissance has more to offer, something new to think about. and there are many more stories out there with loads of holes in them that do far better.well done, volckman. really nice work.

i am glad being able to say almost only positive things about the movie with karas and the tasuiev sisters, renaissance.and firstly, that it looks as it ought to look; a boys' adventure, renaissance is the tale of a cop's investigation in search of a missing young scientist—ilona tasuiev, the geneticist and researcher for the avalon company.the tale of karas, ilona and bislane is, though much less known than sin city, the better movie, and the one more appreciated by the connoisseurs. to the french comics aficionados it will be even more meaningful (i have enriched my french comics collection last week, though i'm not so up—to—date). the atmosphere, the music, the characters, their lines, the plot are all nice and endearing. a parisian top cop, karas, is displayed to find a young woman who was a rising star of medical—genetic research, ilona tasuiev—a mildly hot blonde, whose rebel sister bislane was erotically preferable, i guess.for me, an oldie aficionado of comics and tv series, renaissance, a marvelously beautiful cartoon, was like a replay of a wild wild west episode—here, a mythological past replaced with an equally mythological future—more jaded and blasé but, in a sense, as thrilling. renaissance is not suspenseful; nor does it look especially well—paced; but it's seducing and hypnotic. moreover, it achieves sketching, albeit briefly, a world, a true world—and we will think about the avalon, nakata, jonas mueller, the tasuiev sisters, and goran, farfella, and karas telling of his distant childhood in kasbah …. i liked renaissance's feel, of a certain gentleness and affability and adventurousness, and also the professional, assured look; among these new cartoons, this one and linklater's dick adaptation (--the only and first dick adaptation ever--) stood out for me as works of beauty and genuine excitement.i thought the futuristic devices were appropriate and, when not conventional, vividly eerie (like the invisibility costumes).as advisable, the characters have exotic names, like bislane and farfella, mostly gathered from the arts and entertainment's world (goran and ilona and naghib …).none seems to have noticed that renaissance's poster features a rourke look-alike—that guy is marv; which doesn't make it a sin city rip--off, but not a paragon of originality either, and in fact there's more resemblance to the miller tale—namely, the bleak futuristic look of a decayed society, the brio of the hero (in fact a cross of willis' character and rourke's persona in the previous movie …)–on the other hand, this cartoon breathes a more public air, a brim of straight adventurousness, and, in a word, it's like sin city for kids—well, naughtier kids i mean, 'cause there's a bit of nudity on display. to what i have said one might retort that the traits mentioned are characteristic, even as clichés and common places of the futuristic more adult comics' look; true enough, and it was oldie miller to have brought that things on screen and renaissance bears some resemblances here and there. now it's also fair that every ring ought to have its eragorn, so to each sin city, its renaissance. i admit being quite partial to these bleak futuristic tales, a rather undemanding specialty.

this is a film i decided to go and see because i'm a huge fan of adult animation. i quite often find that when a film doesn't evolve around a famous actor or actress but rather a story or style, it allows the film to be viewed as a piece of art rather than a showcase of the actors ability to differ his styles.this film is certainly more about style than story. while i found the story interesting (a thriller that borrows story and atmosphere from films such as blade runner and many anime films), it was a bit hard to follow at times, and didn't feel like it all came together as well as it could have. it definitely had a mixed sense of french animation and japanese anime coming together. whether thats a good thing or not is up to the viewer. visually this film is a treat for the eyes, and in that sense a work of art.if you like adult animation, or would like to see a film that is different from most films out at the moment. i would recommend it. all i can say is that i enjoyed the experience of the film but did come away slightly disappointed because it could have been better

animation always seems to be fringe. in japan, this might not be the case, but in europe and much more so in the usa animation has a big fat "kids" tag on it. france is probably one of the more comic-liberal countries, home of classics as tin-tin, asterix, lucky luke, valereon and so on(if you've never read these, it's not too late. there's no upper-age limit on them and they don't carry the nerd-stigma of dc or marvel) it seems natural a movie like this one pops up in france. it suits my prejudiced image of the french as art-loving, anti-usa-oriented and talented movie-makers. luckily there's also "a scanner darkly" out there to suppress that view - seems art is pretty much international.anyway, as you might have gathered renaissance is artsy and french. if you're a normal person you will get scared by this. there's no need for that however! beneath it's cool, sleek cel-shaded appearance there's a good thriller and a good movie overall.that was one of my fears for this movie. it's so easy turning the spectacular animation to a gimmick, much like sony & c:o are doing with their pixar rip-offs. i was expecting a confusing, sometimes boring and not very engaging movie, but luckily i was wrong.i would have enjoyed it anyway for the neo-noir stuff, but it was good that it was worthwhile on that level as well. note: i've seen the french dub which was ok as far as i could see. english might be more interesting what with craig and everything.a final word of praise to the animation. it was awesome. futuristic, well-crafted, nice camera-work, smart solutions(eyes for example looked very good, which is hard to do) and so visually stunning i felt like bursting out "this is so damn impressive!". then again, i really like animation and i appreciate the effort the studio put down, so my verdict is a bit biased.good movie anyway, definitely lives beyond it's "gimmick".

picture the classic noir story lines infused with hyper-stylized black and white visuals of frank miller's sin city. then picture a dystopian, science fiction thriller, such as steven spielberg's minority report or richard linklater's a scanner darkly. an amalgamation of the above would be a suitable way of describing visionary french director christian volckman's bleak and atmospheric take on the future in his feature film debut. but although volckman's work does unquestionably take reference from the aforementioned films and those similar to them, such a simplistic hybrid does not do renaissance, volckman's end result, justice - the film itself is a far more complex piece of work than that.genre hybridity is usually a hit and miss affair, especially in a contemporary context, with the well of individuality appearing to be increasingly exhausted. as such, renaissance is laudable as a cinematic experiment at the very least, with its unique interspersing of the gritty nihilism of the neo-noir detective thriller and the fantastic allegorical terror of the dystopian sci-fi drama, which serve to compliment each other's storytelling conventions in a strangely fitting fashion. the screenplay is a clever and intriguing one (although one gets the sense that many of the lines in the script would have been much more effective in their original french than the english translation - the film's title also becomes far more poignant) managing to stay one step ahead of its audience all the way through. though many elements of the plot will seem quite familiar to those who frequent such science fiction thrillers, the script throws unexpected twists and turns in at exactly the right moment to keep the viewer on their toes, making for a truly compelling work.volckman's film truly excels in its visual component, and the stunning black and white animation is easily the film's highlight - superbly moody and stylish, it goes to show what tremendous aesthetic effect the simple use of two shades can have. with tremendous detail paid to the composition and look of each shot, and superb use of very noir shadows and intriguing angles to accentuate the emotional tension of the scene, the film appears straight out of a frank miller comic, but with a twist, the end result being consistently visually sumptuous. the film's english rendition is also given added credence by its very fitting array of voice casting. the gruff voice of daniel craig is an absolutely perfect piece of casting for grim, stoic policeman karas, and catherine mccormack is a strong presence as the mysterious woman whose sister's disappearance he is investigating. despite a wavering english accent, romola garai does great work as the frantic sister in question, and jonathan pryce is suitably menacing as the shady head of ominous mega-corporation avalon. ian holm's reedy voice is also a strong choice as a mysterious scientist, and holm makes a powerful impression in his brief scenes.all together, renaissance boasts a visually stunning, unique and compelling futuristic thriller, just as intelligent as it is entertaining. though the plot may seem familiar to those who frequent such fare and the occasional weak line may inhibit the film from being the moody masterpiece it set out to be, the superb animation in itself easily carries the film through its occasional qualms. for fans of either of the film's intertwined genres or the gritty graphic novels of frank miller, or those willing to appreciate a capably crafted, slightly less conventional take on the futuristic thriller, the film is without question worth a watch.-8/10

blade runner (deckard is a replicant!), city of lost children (augmented senses or whatever used and abused and mostly, well, just giving us far less than what we might dream of), anddark city: these really ought to be added.for a while now, i've been waiting for an animated film that might affect me as much as miyazaki's stuff has. this one is the 1st.hmm, scratch the "animated" part of that.i have an intense love-hate relationship with film noir and, hey, if you don't leave, it must be mostly love, right? but, there are so many sci-fi and noir themes totally submerged in this film that it's just a wonder to watch.these people did an incredible job!

if the answer to this question is yes, then you should enjoy this excellent movie. i've just seen it a couple of hours ago here in paris (where the action of the movie takes place)and i can still feel the huge trauma i received in the back of my eyes...what a visual shock ! i've never seen such a beautiful black&white photo and such a drastic change in the way of doing animated movies. i strongly believe there will a before and after "renaissance", similarly to what we saw with pixar movies or the akira and ghostintheshell experiences. this is a real breakthrough in the small world of animated movies and i hope this french initiative (a small unknown french studio with a few young folks who had a dream named "renaissance"...) will receive the success and recognition it deserves. vive la france !

i just came back from a pre-release viewing of this excellent sci-fi film noire. it's style is definitively unique and very well made. it is filmed with actual actors, but transformed into a black and white comic-strip style you have never seen before. it goes one step further than sin city, and it does it well. it's a successful combination of french comic and movie cultures. the story and mood remind of blade runner, and if you liked that one you will surely like this one, too. the storyline is intelligent, never boring and has some nice little twists. this film is a must-see for any cinephile except perhaps those who absolutely don't like sci-fi or b&w.

i just went to a screening of the film during expresion en corto, a short film festival in guanajuato, mexico. one of the producers was there and gave a brief introduction. the film rolled and from the first shot i was amazed: one long continuous shot of a futuristic paris in glorious black and white.i shouldn't go on with the details 'cause i think it is a film worth seeing. the sci-fi story might be found average for many... to me was really good. the action is great, the camera is free to fly everywhere and i mean everywhere. things you would not be able to do or see is accomplished beautifully. the cast performance is good, in my opinion no one hits the wrong note.now, the thing that i found awesome is the animation. 3d grafics look 2d. a bw comic book brought to life. the details on the backgrounds gives more texture as if it had been done by hand (i'm sure it was but when the angles change you see the depth). the producer at the screening talked about the hard work behind the film: 7 years! the director, she said, is brilliant, but perhaps he was quite unexperienced since he only had one short film in his cv. so, many people had true faith in them. they started their own studio from scratch and ever since they faced the challenge they brought upon them.don't miss it. i think you won't regret it... maybe richard linklater for the final look of this film is superior to his i think.

first things first, this movie is achingly beautiful. a someone who works on 3d cg films as a lighter/compositor, the visuals blew me away. every second i was stunned by what was on screen as for the story, well, it's okay. it's not going to set the world on fire, but if you like your futuristic blade runner-esquire tales (and who doesn't?) then you will be fine.i do have to say that i felt the voice acting was particularly bland and detracted from the movie as a whole. i saw it at the cinema in english, but i am hoping that there is a french version floating around somewhere.definitely worth seeing.

i highly recommend this film. set in the bladerunner-esquire future of 2054 paris, it is in most respect a classic film noir script: lady in peril, sister trying to find her, honest cop fighting everyone. luckily, it avoids being stereotypical, and combines a pretty good storyline with interesting, innovative visuals. the film might remind you of sin city in look, but it has an even sharper, even more graphic novel look that i found really compelling. each frame, each sequence seems like it could have been pulled from the desk of a skilled graphic designer. in terms of story and artwork, you can find nods going back to the nineteen forties (or even earlier with the classic views of the eiffel tower and sacre couer) and movies like casablanca, as well as looking toward a grim future where our destines are ruled by corporations. make any excuse you need to see this film.

if you've ever seen the trailer for the film "the recruit" with colin farrell and al pacino, you'll never have to see that film. sadly, renaissance has had similarly revelatory trailer makers.the story of renaissance is about a detective investigating the kidnapping of a young woman and medical researcher. the setting is a futuristic paris, and science fiction elements feature throughout. the special thing about renaissance, though, is its visual style, and not its story. renaissance is 3d computer animation, like final fantasy, but highly stylised into black and white with ultra sharp contrasts. the result looks stunning (although the problems of 3d animation of human beings are still noticeable from time to tome: slightly robotic movements, slightly wooden facial acting, etc) as a highly stylised, beautiful film noir, renaissance succeeds at stunning the audience, especially visually. the story and writing, though, are not quite at the same level of quality as the visuals. it's not a bad story (and presumably, if you haven't seen the trailer, it's a lot more exciting than it was for me). but it is a story that isn't highly original, and verges on the corny. a few lines of dialogue were painfully corny, making the writing sound like a beginner's first efforts.i will definitely recommend renaissance to friends. it's unlike anything i've seen before, visually, and i believe its originality alone makes it a worthwhile experience. it is also a watchable story, even if it isn't perfect.

one reason pixar has endured so well, and been so successful, is that while their films remain technical marvels and visual mosaics, they have a story to match their style. and often very moving style at that: affecting, charming and cross-generational. that a lot anime (speaking in broad terms) and a great many other animations fail to match their technical virtuosity with real substance is, i think (and i might be wrong) partly because either the makers aren't bothered with character and plot and focus far too much on sound and image, or the sheer effort that goes into making some animations is so enormous, so enervating that they don't have the energy to create a really engaging story.that same cannot be said of renaissance. there are flaws in its plot, but i'll get to that later. those same flaws, however, are not reflected in the visuals - renaissance is nowt short of stunning. the ultra-high contrast images (sometimes so high-contrast that is nothing but one face or one beam of light visible) and incredible detail are always impressive, always a joy to behold. the futuristic paris on display is the grim offspring of blade runner and brave new world; dark, murky, quite affluent and even clean, but shrouded in intrigue, corporate malfeasance, obsessed with beauty (capital of the catwalk, after all) and disguising the squalor and neglect of its labyrinthine passages with a veneer of monumental, sophisticated architecture.it's a compelling environment, not entirely original, but great all the same. the film's much-touted 'motion-capture' technology and incredible attention to human and design minutiae result in images a black-and-white photographer would die for. not that the detail prevents entertainment, because christian volckman crafts some superb action sequences: a hell-for-leather care chase, a couple of gruesome(ly imaginative) murders, several tussles in the dark and a nasty dust-up in a gloomy apartment. the locations are great, too (i want to visit the nightclub). while the central character of karas is your regular off-the-shelf maverick cop, the other two female characters (who are sisters) are the real motors of the movie. coming from war-torn eastern europe, products of a war, diaspora and a family spat, they're a compelling metaphor for europe as a whole.the film is tremendously atmospheric, its dizzying, swooping faux-camera moves and adult tone making for a very engaging experience. however, the plot... it never becomes more interesting than the initial hook, in which indefatigable plod karas must find ilona tasuiev, a drop-dead gorgeous and pioneering scientist, after she's snatched from the street. the sinister corporation avalon (is any corporation ever not sinister?), which she was working for on 'classified', projects are hell-bent on her retrieval, and soon karas is up to his neck in official reprimands, dead bodies, cigarette-smoke and narrowly-missed bullets, and falling in love with ilona's sister bislane (very sympathetically voiced by catherine mccormack), as he plumbs the depths of the city's sordid underbelly (and his own past).text-book noir, in other words, but while i enjoyed the film a lot more than sin city (to which it bears a passing visual resemblance), the plot and resolution are dull, the theme of immortality being raised but never examined, and the shenanigans of high-rolling avalon ceo paul dellenbach are also dull , undercutting a lot of the dramatic tension. the basic ideas are familiar sci-fi genre materials, and there's a nagging sense that the visuals and atmosphere are disguising the mundane material.however, the film as a whole is lucid and perfectly coherent, even if some of the scenarios the characters get into occasionally feel like excuses for displays of technical wizardry. but it's the projection of life in paris circa 2054, the vision of community and creation of another city from the ground up that makes this film something to behold. i may be taking it too seriously, and if that's the case i can at least say that it's superbly made, extremely entertaining (and pretty mature, too), and with an ambiance like no other.

a scanner darkly, minority report, blade runner, sin city and sky captain and the world of tomorrow – if you are a fan of any of these then this will be well worth checking out.french animation project 'renaissance' took seven years to make on a shoestring budget and tonight i finally got to see it at a private screening for the international film festival in stockholm. my spontaneous reaction is awe; my further reflection is 'huh, neat' and closer analysis regrettably gets a resounding 'meh'. it is a gorgeous science fiction triumph on the surface, but scratch it or even poke it a little and its unnecessarily complex plot becomes glaringly apparent, as do the flat characters. nevertheless it is clear that the people at onyx films have done something spectacular with the aforementioned surface. the visuals are staggering. they have used live action motion capture fitted into key-frame animation, with stark jet black and bright white contrasts and a heavily shadowed rotoscoped background. for those of you who are not down with the 'technical lingo', the film looks like a fully-animated sin city. its fluid, transparent, dark and stylized template is complemented by great lurid lightning. it's a vision. yet much credit is also due to the crisp sound effects that take the form of humming futuristic weapons, suspenseful music, heavy raindrops and glass shards breaking. it's every tech-nerd's wet dream...the film zooms in on an eerily-lit, bleak, futurescape paris in which a major corporation called 'avalon' has begun to interweave in the lives of the citizens with surveillance (think the fluid transparent screens from minority report) and genetic engineering. the latter leads to a mysterious kidnapping of young researcher ilona (voiced by the lovely romola garai). cut to our hard-boiled cop-on-suspension and protagonist karas (daniel craig) – a man who takes the law into his own hands – who is assigned the case of finding and retrieving ilona. during this case, he is being aided by illona's sister with whom he also begins a love affair. a very half-assed love affair, if i may say so.the world of renaissance is remarkable. director christian volckman takes a fair jab at melting the noir themes and the result is an urban jungle filled with cads, rats, femme fatales and lonely detectives that hide in the shadows of the seedy slum. the problem is that the creators undoubtedly felt the need to have extremely clear and spelled-out archetypes in the story, or the film would have been "too surreal" for mainstream audiences, owing to its lurid animation format. it follows then that we have a multitude of clichéd characters such as evil-laughing villains, sleazy crime bosses and butch tough-chicks who blow smoke every chance they get. it shoves noir in our faces, and it isn't necessary.what is worse is that the dialogue is a little contrived. it seems as though every line exists for the sole reason of propelling the plot. this is nothing fatal because the plot is so complex once it gets going that it needs some clear direction. daniel craig helps here too by bringing a no-nonsense attitude to his hard-edged cop character. at one point in renaissance, he is seen in a vivid car-chase that surely is one of the most adrenaline-pumping and top notch sequences of the film. unfortunately, the novelty of the sci-fi visuals have worn off post this car chase and 'renassaince' could benefit from being slightly shorter. in summary, a very interesting but flawed futuristic comic book experience.7 out of 10

i've seen this film in avant-premiere at imagina festival in monaco.i saw the first trailer four years ago, and from this moment, i was waiting to see the final result. i haven't been disappointed.it is a full 3d movie with a high contrasted black and white render. clearly inspired by some comic books, such as the ones from f. miller. in this optic, it goes one step further than the excellent "sin city" adaptation from r. rodriguez. this time, (almost) no grey or any middle color, but a graphic style never seen before in a realistic animated film.(can't wait for scanner darkly)the massive use of motion capture gives a lot of life and credibility to the characters and we forget really soon the technical aspect to concentrate on more classic elements, such as direction or plot. the direction stays sober and controlled despite the infinite possibilities of the medium, and that is a really good surprise.the futuristic story (paris 2053) makes it a classic sci-fiction movie and maintain the viewer interested till the end. despite a classic base plot (an investigation that goes far beyond initial expectations)the atmosphere and some interesting recurring themes (genetics, absolute power of certain firms...)gives this movie a great interest.despite it is an animated film, this one is obviously not made for children. you won't find here any funny pet or any stupid family moral, only the cold reality. it is far closer to a good film noir.i found that the setting is one of the best aspect of the film: we still feel the well known paris, but it is morphed by a fine touch of futurism.nevertheless, i regret a few mistakes. the montage is sometimes a bit flat, one or two very cliché slow motion effects and some poor dialogs. even though the technical is excellent, it shows its limits in some romantic sequences (a bit like "final fantasy" did). those little things makes it a 7/10.altogether, it is a successful artistic challenge that you have to watch if you can. the director, christian volckman, knows how not to fall into potential traps (luckyly, they didn't ask john woo to do the job!).to conclude, it is a film with blasting visuals, an intelligent story and a wonderful art direction. watch it if you can!please excuse me for the spelling mistakes.

although cinderella isn't the obvious choice for a sequel i love jaq and gus so i didn't hesitate. the format of the mice writing a book for cinderella was an inspired one. i enjoy writing stories myself and hope children will be encouraged by this. the three stories are cute & amusing, although the songs were forgettable. jaq and gus were my favourite characters but i also enjoyed seeing lucifer, bruno, the mice chorus and all the rest. pom pom proved the perfect companion for lucifer and i liked the governess. a sequel done right for a change. my rating 8/10.

the sequel to the ever popular cinderella story reminded me somewhat of what they did with one of the beauty & the beast movies. it's basically three short stories rolled into 1.ok, the mice are adorable (i love gus! he's sooo cute!), and lucifer's awesome (as usual). i liked some of the newer characters as well, (pom pom was adorable and i did like prudence.). still, the storyline was somewhat limited, but still very cute. so, i vote 7/10.

as an adult i really did enjoy this one. i watched it with my 2 granddaughters and the 3 1/2 year old was fascinated and the 15 month old giggled at the mice.the music is fun and the animation is wonderful. this sequel does what return to neverland didn't accomplish. a good follow-up to the cinderella story; but what becomes of drusilla? another sequel? i hope so!

just after i saw the movie, the true magic feeling of the walt disney movies came up in me and i realized me that it was a long time ago that i saw the 'real' magic in a movie.the combination of the right music, speeches and magical effects brings the disney feeling again into your body. very special things i saw where the not-knowing effects in the movie, started with the disney logo transforming into the cinderella castle and ended as an old-story telling fairytale with your grandparents.the magic has returned in me. i rate this movie 8 out of 10.

i was shocked and surprised by the negative reviews i saw on the web, i thought cinderella 2 (as well as 3) is a very cute and funny sequel for everyone - kids and adults...like me, i am 22 years old.i also find it and very informative film, it shows lessons on being true to yourself and following your heart. i thought it has great animation, and the voice casting was very good; the songs performed by brooke allison too. since this film has been divided into three flashbacks/stories, my favorite out of the three, is the story of when jaq the mouse, became a human for a day, thanks to fairy godmother and her magic.

many people have commented that this movie was nowhere near as good as the first. well, maybe it isn't - to you. however, how does your child react to it? well, mine loved it more than the first.disney movies of the past can sometimes be a little harsh for little kids. (for example - bambi's mother getting shot.) this movie was really great for my sensitive little girl who likes humor and happy endings.if you want to be snobby about what should be disney's standards based on the past - skip this movie. if you have a sweet little girl or soft-hearted little boy you really want to please, buy this movie and treat your small children. this film is great as a bedtime movie for happy dreams instead of nightmares. i'm happy with a movie that pleases my kid & doesn't need to impress the parents all the time.

of course, the original is better, but this isn't as bad as everyone says! yes, it is made up into 3 stories, but hey, so what?! i thought it was quite good to be honest. i actually liked how anastasia changed a little when she fell in love, it shows what love can do. the stories were not so bad either.i liked cinderella's voice better in this too. i have nothing against her voice in the original, but i just think it sounds better here, more nicer. i liked her personality in this too, she had more of a backbone, yet she was still kind.so, i'll give cinderella ii:dreams come true a 7/10.

i saw his movie in dallas, texas when it came out in 1986. i remember them giving out prizes for showing up to see the movie. after seeing the movie i can see why. the movie was not bad, nor was it great. the problem with this movie was that it tried to tell a side story. they created a new story, new characters and tried to wrap it around the masters saga. my biggest complaint is that the plot is about a second wave of robotech masters attacking the earth. they even used the same scenes from the master saga but with different dialogue. as a kid, i loved the movie. but unfortunately i haven't seen it as an adult and can't give a better review. looking back i was disappointed but now i would love to see the movie and re-evaluate my stance on it. that being said, will someone please release this movie for the whole world to judge? i love robotech and can't wait for the shadows chronicles.

contrary to popular belief, this title , to me at least, is not so very bad. in fact. i regard it as a favoured film of all time. the welding of stories wasn't structured too well when you consider the differences between the series, however despite all this, you can watch it quite happily. for a feature film of its day, the scenes are well proportioned and the characters remain consistently believable.the sound/audio track is a personal favourite of mine. nearly everything has a correct sound effect and many of the voices suit the characters much better than their, now badly cast us dub, counterparts. the sync is perfect in every shot. i had a few issues with the casting for the 'alien' voices (please forgive the crude naming, it has been a while since i've seen it). otherwise however, the cast seemed perfectly balanced. i feel and believe in the characters of this movie. dubs are often a subject i rarely agree with from so long ago. i loved the osd's from back then but the castings often let series down.at this point i would like to add that this was one of the first anime i saw in my life. it has historical value to me, but even after seeing the original megazone 23 it remained stronger and more watched in my collection.to my knowledge the title only ever made it to the us in texas. personally i think its a big shame. had the correct audience been subject to it, i think robotech the movie would have been accepted and not tarnished over the years. i am involved with anime each day of my life and everyone i have shown this movie thought it was a nicely put together title.watching the film after its separate components will allow the viewer to notice the evident plot holes between shows. however, without seeing the originals, a viewer wouldn't really notice. since the animation is identical in style, there was no reason to question it back in its day. the uk had very limited access to anime. laser discs were the most productive media. personally i like the way carl had the balls to at least push the genre. i mean harmony wasn't going to put up the cash for the series to get publicised.despite the few picky faults people have had with this film, the eighties feel of it keeps me in love. if you watch megazone 23 now, to its original japanese audio, or the new dub, i believe you will be greatly disappointed with the osd. cast your minds back to the original bubblegum crisis dub soundtrack and imagine new eighties audio to e.v.e.saying all this. this film's popularity nowadays is most likely down to its rarity on the open market. personally, it spawned a collection for me. i'm now scouring the world for merchandise from the three components that made it up and if i ever get to meet carl macek, ill shake his hand for the effort, and buy him a pint or a crate for getting me into anime.

the cat and mouse are involved in the usual chases when jerry dives into a bottle of invisible ink and discovers that it makes him vanish. instead of seizing the opportunity to go spy on a girl mouse changing room or something, he uses his new-found invisibility to torment tom. and it's pretty funny and quite inventive despite being a somewhat one-joke cartoon. and the action never leaves the interior of the house, which is usually the trait of below average t&j shorts. still worth a 7/10.however, i'm not sure how an invisible mouse can cast a shadow on the wall, it defies physics and the very nature of being invisible itself.

"the invisible mouse" is a delightful and different tom & jerry's cartoon. it features the usual cat/mouse chases and battles, but in a different way this time. jerry accidentally falls in a bottle of invisible ink and is obviously very glad about this because he realizes that he can prepare lots of "surprises" for tom, scare him, torment him and confuse him.as much as it is weird, it's also very cool and funny to see what we can't see: jerry invisible. it's amusing to see things lifting up in the air without seeing who's doing it (we know who, right?) - it's like those things had a life of their own or even almost like a matter of ghosts. it's equally amusing to see jerry eating some candies and fruits while he's invisible. i really like that instrumental music which plays when he's not visible.some of the best jokes on this short are when tom sees jerry's shadow and slams him and even when tom tries to slam him with a frying pan and jerry writes "missed me". i also like when jerry drinks tom's chocolate milk, becoming visible again and with a happy look on his face.overall, this short has the basic ingredients needed for a classic cartoon: humor, entertainment, fun and some nice artwork too.

the usual cat and mouse antics abound until jerry jumps into a bottle of invisible ink. he gets the bright idea of torturing tom without him knowing. the cat gets wise and tries to do stuff to make him 'see' jerry even if it's not fool-proof. of course jerry gets butch aka killer aka spike the dog into the act (even if it's late in the short, and his contribution is minimal indeed) brilliant animated short which kind of reminded me of the one with the white mouse who scares tom so badly. most of the gags work and all violent as any good tom and jerry short should truly be. this hilarious cartoon can be found on disc one of the spotlight collection dvd of "tom & jerry" my grade: b+

after the usual chase scene, jerry accidentally winds up inside a bottle of invisible ink, which was part of a chemistry set. he quickly discovers he's invisible...so the predictable results occur, meaning he uses his new hidden condition to torment tom. jerry often is just defending himself, but often he has sadistic streak in him that torments the cat whenever possible, even when unprovoked.here, he makes tom think his eyes are deceiving him when cheese from a mousetrap disappears before his eyes, or milk from a dish. tom can't take anymore so he tries to sleep this nightmare off, but jerry sets fire to his paw! man, i hope little kids didn't ideas watching these cartoons back in the '40s and '50s! i always found jerry, the little mouse, more evil than cute.thankfully, in cartoons, generally, whatever damage a character suffers is gone within seconds and he's back to normal. the best part of this cartoon is about two-thirds of the way through when tom figures out what the story is with jerry, and tries different methods to detect where the mouse is located (such as putting flour on the floor to see his footprints).

this movie is based on the art of frank frazetta, the mythical fantasy illustrator. some of the characters are straight out of his paintings (the death dealer being the best example). surprisingly, the animation manages to keep the feeling of the original art. bakshi is well known for his heavy use of rotoscope (the technique of tracing a live action sequence) and this film is no exception. however, since the subject of the movie is quite realistic (all characters are humans), this works pretty well.but what i really like here is the plot: for once we have a story with interesting characters and nice action sequences, a really hideous villain and a gorgeous babe. this movie has the feeling of the best conan comics, not surprisingly since roy thomas is the writer of the marvel series of our favourite cimmerian! this is a far cry from the crappy live action conan, not to speak of all the b-movie of the genre.definitely recommended!

in a time of magic, barbarians and demons abound a diabolical tyrant named nekhron and his mother queen juliane who lives in the realm of ice and wants to conquer the region of fire ruled by the king jerol but when his beautiful daughter princess teegra has been kidnapped by nekhron's goons, a warrior named larn must protect her and must defeat nekhron from taking over the world and the kingdom with the help of an avenger named darkwolf.a nicely done and excellent underrated animated fantasy epic that combines live actors with animation traced over them ( rotoscoping), it's ralph bakshi's second best movie only with "american pop" being number one and "heavy traffic" being third and "wizards" being fourth. it's certainly better than his "cool world" or "lord of the rings", the artwork is designed by famed artist frank farzetta and the animation has good coloring and there's also a hottie for the guys.i highly recommend this movie to fantasy and animation lovers everywhere especially the new 2-disc limited edition dvd from blue underground.also recommended: "the black cauldron", "the dark crystal", "conan the barbarian", "the wizard of oz", " rock & rule", "wizards", "heavy metal", "starchaser: legend of orin", "fantastic planet", " princess mononoke", " nausicca: valley of the wind", " conan the destroyer", " willow", " the princess bride", "lord of the rings ( 1978)", " the sword in the stone", " excalibur", " army of darkness", " krull", "dragonheart", " king arthur", " the hobbit", " return of the king ( 1980)", "conquest", " american pop", " jason and the argonauts", " clash of the titans", " the last unicorn", " the secret of nimh", "the flight of dragons", " hercules (disney)", " legend", " the chronicles of narnia", " harry potter and the goblet of fire".

i had watched snippets from this as a kid but, while i purchased blue underground's set immediately due to its being a limited edition, only now did i fit it in my viewing schedule - and that's mainly because bakshi's american pop (1981) just turned up on late-night italian tv (see my review of that film below)! anyway, i found the film to be a quite good sword-and-sorcery animated epic with especially impressive-looking backdrops (the rather awkward rotoscoped characters were, admittedly, less so) with a rousing if derivative score. the plot, again, wasn't exactly original, but proved undeniably engaging on a juvenile level and the leading characters well enough developed - especially interesting is the villainous ice-lord nekron and the enigmatic warrior darkwolf; the hero and heroine, however, are rather bland stereotypes - but one can hardly complain when bakshi and frazetta depict the girl as well-endowed (her bra could be torn off any second) and half-naked to boot (her tiny panties are forever disappearing up her ass)! still, it's clearly an action-oriented piece and it certainly delivers on this front (that involving darkwolf being particularly savage); the final showdown though brief, is also nicely handled and sees our heroes astride pterodactyls assaulting the villains' lair inside a cave .in the long run, apart from the afore-mentioned frazetta backdrops, the main appeal of this movie for me now is its nostalgia factor as it transported me back to my childhood days of watching not just films like conan the barbarian (1982) and the beastmaster (1982) but also animated tv series such as blackstar (1981-82) and he-man and the masters of the universe (1983-85).as for the accompanying the making of "fire and ice" (tv) (mark bakshi, 1982) **1/2:vintage featurette on the sword-and-sorcery animated film which is only available via the washed-out vhs print owned by ralph bakshi himself! it goes into some detail about the rotoscope technique and also shows several instances of live-action 'performances' (in a studio) of segments from the script - which would then be traced, blended in with the backgrounds and filmed. still, having watched several such behind-the-scenes featurettes on the art of animation (on the disney tins and the looney tunes sets, for instance), it's doesn't make for a very compelling piece...

thsi is one great movie. probably the best movie i have ever seen. i watch it over and over again. i must give it 10/10 stars because like i said this is probably the best movie i have ever seen. this movie +popcorn+coke= best mix you can imagine. if you want to watch some movie then i clearly recommend this one. first i sawed it i liked it so i buy-ed it and now i own it and watch it probably every day. my sons like it and think that this is the best movie ever seen. this movie is about guy in fantasy world. i don't want to spoil all the movie so you can enjoy it after you read my text. lovely movie lovely characters, lovely story, and just great stuff. a must watch movie. hope you enjoyed my comment cyajim make

watching fire and ice for the first time reminded me of my experience seeing 300 last year. it wasn't at all a bad movie, certainly not average, but its plotting and dialog stuck out as being at best conventional and at worst kind of confusing and one-dimensional (which, perhaps as based on frank miller's comic book, was the right decision to go with). but its primary strengths drew from the intense action and bloody battles and having that jolt of a 14 year old feeling watching beefcake men fighting in bloody sword-led combat, with the occasional freaky creature or super-hot female to go with the painterly surroundings. while i would probably re-watch fire and ice before 300 again, they both aroused that similar feeling - the exception this time being, naturally, that it's frank frazetta, the infamous artist and designer of countless paperback books and comics, collaborating with director ralph bakshi, in what isn't typical hollywood fare but something for the die-hard fans.what this means for audiences today going back to check out the film for the first time (it may now be coveted nostalgia for those who were young and watched it along with their masters of the universe vhs tapes back in the day) is the possible cons mentioned before and, maybe, that you will see something somewhat unique. fire and ice isn't even the only bakshi rotoscoped feature, but it's possibly the most fluid- if not quite my personal favorite- of the few he made, and he and his team create a whole striking world that's part pre-historic, part out-of-this-world fantastic, and part medieval, and all touched up with a painters hand with respect to the backgrounds, the skies and grounds. there's a slight drawback for bakshi fans in this facet of character design; bakshi went as far as to say it's more frazetta than him. this may be true, but it doesn't make it any more absorbing to the eye or curious in those moments where we don't see people killed or gutted in quick or slow motion (my favorite was the momentary skeleton-guide- how they rotoscoped that amazes me).i neglect describing the plot as it would defeat the purpose of really recommending it. if you're already a die-hard into this kind of style and approach of animation the plot will matter depending on what degree two warring factions or a 'damsel' or princess is in danger or a hero has to prove himself or yada yada, so suffice to say it's about, well, fire against ice, with characters named nekron and darkwolf (the coolest male of the lot and most comic-book in appearance) and teegra (the typical hottie who's almost *too* perfect for the adolescent male fantasy figure). what the plot does do, as an asset, is allow a series of cliffhangers and suspense bits around the action, the progression of the danger in the oncoming big battle, like when the ogres are hunting after teegra and have to contend with sudden crazy monsters and creatures popping out of tree trunks and lakes. and per usual for bakshi, he conjures up some craziness (if not quite his usual inspired lunacy) in the midst of all of this straightforward fantasy material. if you've seen wizards, you'll understand what i mean to a lesser extent.so, if you're an animation buff, seek this out right away for some 'old-school' (i.e. 1980s) action and incredible design. for everyone else, it's... good, not great, as i would say without fault about its logical 21st century extension, with some alterations, 300.

with ralph bakshi most of his films appear to be like two-edged swords. you'll get something awesome out of it but only if you put up with the silly and the unnecessarily cheezy. the lord of the rings was a great adaptation of the story which perhaps didn't always shine in the animation department.fire and ice is a great achievement from bakshi from an animation point of view. the rotoscoping is a lot more detailed and the animation has a vibrant look to it. you still get some of the dull still-cells and slightly blurred background paintings but on the over-all the look has definitely gotten better since bakshi's last fantasy epic. the animation has almost a realistic-naturalistic style to it, and unlike in lotr where this style was often at odds with the actual content, here it enhances the film's unique atmosphere.unfortunately the film fails to create a meaningful story out of its simple setting and in fact most of the characters' motivations are pretty blurred. lorn and tigra are easy cases but even the main villain necron was difficult to follow not to mention that guy with furry face mask (also known as just 'that guy'). even though most of the voice actor's were appropriate, there are some odd quirks in the audio-department and tigra especially sounds really terrible whenever she's screaming.however, i believe the film's inherent entertainment value outweighs its unnecessarily silly execution of the plot-line. the scant clad of the characters is something you'll never get over but it helps you remind yourself that perhaps this film isn't even intended to be taken too seriously. it's still a hella cool and really funny.

this is another fantasy favorite from ralph bakshi; after watching it on youtube that is. set in the distant past after the ice age, it is a prehistoric sword-and-sorcery quest between good and evil. nekron, lord of the realm of ice and his mother queen juliana, has set their sights on conquest of the known world. when their glaciers destroy's the village of a man named larn, he (larn) vows to avenge his people and kill the ice lord. meanwhile, the sub-human minions of nekron and juliana capture firekeep's king jarol's sultry daughter princess teegra; but she manages to escape, and eventually meets with larn, who promises to escort her back to firekeep; if the sub-humans don't find them first.this movie did very little box office (as did most of ralph bakshi's films), but has become a cult classic, partly for the quality of the art, a collaboration between ralph bakshi and the famed fantasy artist frank frazetta. also, i have heard that the screenplay was written by gerry conway and roy thomas, the two men who had done conan comic book stories, and the background painters included james gurney, the illustrator of the dinotopia novels; though admittedly i had never read conan or dinotopia. and also the painter thomas kinkade, noted for his artwork for figurines, music-boxes for the bradford exchange company besides paintings. and like bakshi's films the lord of the rings and american pop, this movie was rotoscoped, but the process works better in this film than in the former.so overall, i think it's one of the best animated fantasy movies ever made, and an awesome collaboration between two great minds - ralph bakshi and frank frazetta. with plenty of fantasy, sexual innuendo, and thrilling adventure.

good story and excellent animation. the influence of frazetta and bakshi are obvious, and that's a good thing. anyone that enjoys conan the barbarian or the game dungeons and dragons should enjoy it. the battle between good and evil is clear cut even though it may appear that at times our hero is neutral. most often in fantasy movies elves are usually portrayed as having white skin and blond hair and goblins and orcs have dark skin and hair. anyone familiar with frazetta's, bakshi's, or even tolkien's work know they are not racist. anyone that enjoys fantasy movies should like this movie. it is not for young children due to violence and sexual innuendo. the casting was well done and the scenes and music are first rate. i hope someone puts this gem on dvd soon. i consider myself lucky to have a vhs copy in good condition.

fire and ice is an animated film set in a fantasy world. the film is about a village that is destroyed by a giant glacier which is the home of the evil ice lord named nekron. the only survivor of the village is a young man named larn who sets out to avenge those who were killed by the glacier. the ice glacier moves through the land of fire and the princess of the land named teegra is kidnapped by evil creatures. larn sets out to find her and also sets out to find and kill nekron. fire and ice is directed by ralph bakshi who is one of my favourite adult animators. he has brought us such animated masterpieces as the film version of fritz the cat and some films he has written himself, like the great film heavy traffic. i didn't like fire and ice nearly as much as i have ralph bakshi's other work, but i still found the film to be enjoyable. it had some very nice animation in parts and the story was entertaining enough. the only basic complaints i have is that i wish that there was more of a story to the film because the story it uses is very thin and there is not a lot to it. i also wish the film was a bit longer because it is under 80 minutes in running time. still it's an entertaining action adventure films that unlike fritz the cat or heavy traffic is appropriate for kids 8 and older. i only wish that there was a more developed story and it went on a bit longer than it did.

ever since i heard of the ralph bakshi version of "the lord of the rings" i wondered: what the hell is 'rotoscope' animation?!!! well... i finally found out... i saw this movie about three years ago not having any idea who ralph bakshi is... and i liked it... a lot... very good story line... it even has a little character development which is great for a cartoon... see it if you get bored with contemporary animation.... don't get me wrong... i'm not saying it's just a nice cartoon... it's a pretty good movie too...

this animation has a very simple and straightforward good vs. evil plot and is all about action. what sets it apart from other animation is how well the human movements are animated. it was really beautiful seeing the fleeing woman running around on the screen from left to right and look around, her movements were done so well. why don't they use this rotoscopic technique more these days? it's quite effective.fire and ice, in it's prehistoric setting and scarcely dressed women, was clearly devoted to showing the beautiful damsel in distress in various sexy ways, her voluptuous body serving as pure eyecandy. some may hate this and regard it as yet another moronic male sexual fantasy, others (including plenty of women) will adore it's esthetic quality. i for sure did not mind! bakshi just loves animating lushious, voluptuous babes, as can also be seen in cool world, and i don't think he has to apoligize since it's pretty much animation for adults. but i had also enjoyed this animation as a child and i never forgot it.this one was just special, so different from the standard disney or anime fare, and for that reason alone well worth the watch since it's possibly bakshi's finest. for those who like animations with lushious women: try space adventure cobra as well.i give fire and ice 8 out of 10.

i enjoy ralph bakshi films ("wizards", "cool world" and the underrated animated "lord of the rings") and am a frank frazetta collector and fan. i am also a sword and sorcery fan who loves the worlds of edgar rice burroughs and robert e. howard.i missed "fire and ice's" theatrical release back in 1983 and have looked forward to seeing it on video or at some revival ever since then. therefore the 2005 release was a dream come true for me. however, i bought it with some trepidation, because i hoped it would not be only worth watching once and then put on the shelf as a "collectible" gathering dust until the day i died. fortunately my fears were groundless and i was pleasantly impressed with this movie.as with frazetta art this is a gritty film that has a physicality and sexuality that is hard to find in most fantasy/sword and sorcery films without being cheesy or dirty. the art is good and you see glimpses of frazetta at his best. even my young boys loved watching it with me and ask to watch it again and again. however, my wife has some objections due to the scantily clad princess (very frazetta-esquire). i don't mind that because it is believable and there is no sex scene.there is roto-scoping used, but personally i enjoy roto-scoping. it gives more fluid and realistic movements to the characters that is hard to find in animation.despite some continuity problems, i recommend this film to all bakshi, frazetta, conan, and sword and sorcery fans. enjoy!

i won't claim to be a fan of ralph bakshi, because i am not. i have only watched 5 of his animated films so far: coonskin, wizards, fritz the cat and lord of the rings and finally "fire and ice". what i can claim, is that i found "fire and ice" to be the most enjoyable of the lot. it is a straightforward fantasy tale of swords and sorcery along the lines of conan the barbarian, but the beautiful artwork, realistic animation and lively film score effectively lends a very classic charm to this movie.deserving first mention, is the animation itself. i do not care what people say about rotoscoping but in my opinion ralph bakshi used that technique very effectively here. i was amazed at how realistic the movements of the characters were. the style of directing and the photo-realistic character designs made "fire and ice" feel more like a big budget fantasy blockbuster than a cartoon. sadly the level of art detail tends to get a little inconsistent, especially near the end of the movie. some scenes just look really flat with little to no body contour details or fabric folds and shadows on the characters.with realistic moving characters, realistic action would naturally follow. not only was the action well choreographed, but it was really brutal. i would be so bold as to compare the brutality of the action to live action movies like zack snyder's 300. i did notice however that though there was blood shed, the blood splatters were kept to a minimum. again, a great choice by the creative team that only heightens the viewing experience by not taking things too "over the top".though i do not recognize any "big names" in the cast, the voice actors manage to deliver a satisfying performance; keeping the delivery of every line realistically subdued and only hamming it up in the case of the bad guys.did i say bad guys?? yes i did. because that is exactly what the story is about, a standard good vs evil tale. nothing really original about the story which seems to merely be a mix of pre-existing fantasy film clichés that involve scantly clad warriors and maidens. anyone looking for "depth" would be sorely disappointed. the characters are not given much development and some of them like nekron and darkwolf are one dimensional at best(i did however hear rumor of some deleted scenes that explains darkwolf's obsession with killing nekron and his mother. scenes like that deserved full restoration and should have been included in the final cut to add a level of depth to the show). in fact, i would not be surprised to find out that the whole movie was just a "tech demo" of sorts to showcase the awesome animation and art, with the story cobbled together and thrown in as an afterthought in order to pass it off as a proper "movie".a true classic of a bygone era, "fire and ice" really captures the blazing spirit of adventure and mysticism with its beautiful renderings of fantastic creatures and charming characters. it is a unique vision of a world created by ralph bakshi and artist frank frazetta with a good measure of action and suspense. would it hold up to animated film standards of today? definitely not. but i urge animation fans in general to "get off your high horse" and give this simple but beautiful film a chance to grow on you. it is truly a gem of the 80s worth checking out.

why this movie has all but disappeared into obscurity is an absolute crime. "conan" is perhaps the only sword and sorcery movie better. the brutal violence, cool character designs, and good pacing, make this one of the best fantasies around. it is certainly the greatest animated movie aimed at a more adult audience that i have ever seen. this is not similar to bakshi's usual frenetic style. it's quite a departure for bakshi, and in my opinion his best work. i hope that this film gets the recognition it deserves.

in my opinion, this is a good example of the movie that could have been much better if it had been short 10 years earlier. i doubt it would benefit from modern technologies, but it would have looked much better if it was at least 90 minutes instead of 70.the artists and animated did a great job. in my opinion, this movie can boast the best background art and one of the best character design. animation are extremely smooth and realistic. for the duration of the movie you believe in the world you see, so everyone did a great job. it can also boast one of the sexiest female animated characters, if not the sexiest, that beets typical anime girls with ease.unfortunately, there are a couple of bad thins about this movie that will make it not so appealing at the moment. first, the plot and execution is comparable to contemporary adventure movies, and is really old-fashioned by modern standards. second, due to the duration time it would benefit a lot from extra 20 minutes of dialogs. finally, the setting is not so popular at the moment.conclusion: a great alternative to another short story about conan the barbarian, but not to a novel.

picked up the movie at the flea market for 4 bucks, sure did get my moneys worth!. could care-less about the hot babes but the animation just blew me away after a steady diet of simpsons (sorry mr. groening). the best part, facial expressions. recommend multiple viewings with some cool tunes, good friends and a couple of cold ones!

when i saw this animation for first time (i was 15 maybe) i was really impressed! it has completely different style compared to the japan animation and i kinda like it more. tho whole impression of the movie is more sinister and dark...the colors are not that ...colorous. the characters don't talk much, there are no long and boring conversations of this and that (like in ghost in the shell).with its dark pictures, views of strange beasts and sense of magic, it looks like one of those ancient scandinavian stories, full of violence and horrendous creators, enchanted forests and deep caves, dwelled by dragons, throlls, orks...and one mysterious hero to stop evil...

i own ralph bakshis forgotten masterpiece fire & ice on an old oop rental videotape. well for one thing, this is better than any other conan-esque film you'll ever see. sure, it's cheesy, but who cares? it stood the test of time, and the only way it started to look cheesy is in comparisons to modern fantasy epics like lotr:fotr (though i love that film.) the plot goes like this: after a battle between fire & ice, a kings daughter is kidnapped by jarols (ice) subhuman creatures, while a sole survivor of a victimized village rescues her. yeah it doesn't sound as a original as nurse betty, but that's not the point. it is really to bring to life an interesting idea of a world of two enemies: fire & ice. and it succeeds. as for the action scenes: superb. they are well handled, have terrific suspence, and have plenty of loud noises. just check out the climatic battle, now that's an ending! the acting and dialogue: competent. really. they aren't gonna be nominated for an oscar, but they are ok and don't get on your nerves. the animation is quite good. shot on 3d and rotoscoped (i think), it looks pretty good. a lot of the backgrounds look really detailed and well drawn, and although the character designs feel a little 1-dimentional, they are ok. overall, this is a fine neglected little gem and will entertain you more than any of the superfical "entertainment". 10/10

two years passed and mostly everyone looks different, some for good and some for worse. i still enjoyed as much as i did the original though.some flaws they had though like changing the joker he now has no red lips and looks like more blackish hair and black pupils, hes still voiced by mark hamill which is a plus i guess. they made poison ivy more white hinting that she is becoming more like a plant and catwomen looks much different and not as "attractive" as she was in the original.though costumes like batman, batgirl, killer croc and scarecrow look badass, especially scarecrow.the show isn't as dark as the original because batman doesn't work as alone as he used to. most of the time working with batgirl and the new robin, tim drake. while nightwing(dick grayson) comes to the rescue often. batman gave up the yellow logo and with the black wing on his suit and seems like he got a bit bigger but still kicking tons of ass.the show isn't as good as the original mostly because of some of the revamped characters but the stories are as exciting as ever and the dialogue is still elite. "over the edge" might be one of the greatest batman episodes ever so make sure you check that out.overall 8-9/10

this is so to say a sequel to batman the animated and it is pretty much as good as it to and for all the same reasons it has lots of action in it the storyline to it is good the voice over actors are really good such as kevin conroy as batman, mark hamil as the joker, etc. the villains are really good such as the joker, two-face, catwoman, clayface, etc. so i am sure you will not be disappointed with the new adventures of batman because it is really good. so make sure that you watch it on tv or rent or buy the collectors edition because it is really good.overall score: ********* out of ********** **** out of *****

i liked it... just that... i liked it, not like the animated series... i love it!!!. the fact that this make less appealing is that we all try to compare and not to appreciate, but this cartoon was awesome, but it really didn't like it that much. there's too much people talking about bruce being so cold, but if this is around 5 years later, anybody in a crime-fighting gang would get this angry and darker attitude, so to me it isn't a flaw. batgirl was awesome she really fit there, as there isn't more dick grayson as a robin, batman needed a good teammate, not like the new robin, he is just a child and you cant rely that much on a child. but heres what didn't work: the new artwork... it isn't horrible but... to me it does'nt work in a series like batman. this is a dark character, with a maniac killer like the joker, so you cant put this kind of artwork in this cartoon, the joker isn't a bad design but i still like the past joker (but to me the best joker ever was the one who appeared in batman beyond:return of the joker) , so this joker isn't near as good. the good thing about the joker is that it still mark hamil voice. my favorite character: harley quinn (im in love for her) they put an awesome episode for her: mad love (to me the best episode of this series). here we finally know how she turned harley quinn, and how the joker twisted her mind, and it feel that atmosphere that you feel in the animated series, darker, no happy ending, brutal fight with the joker (but too short), this is how it was to be all the series. but in general i didn't like how she made harley in this series... in almost every episode they put funny but in a ridiculous way, she get punched, she say nonsenses, she make flaws... c'mon she is funny in a way you can laugh with her, not from her... and here they put ridiculous (like i said the only episode where i don't think that its in mad love and beware of the creeper) so in general its a good series, it has it upsides and downs, the drawn could be better ( my good!!! kill that catwoman!!!!) nice sound effects, nice music, nice voices and nice episodes: my favorites, mad love, jokers millions, old wounds, sins of the father, and cold comfort. if you enjoyed batman:tas you can watch this but don't spec too much, in the other hand if you didn't watched tas, watch this first and then watch tas in that way you're really gonna love tas :d

the new batman adventures (also called gotham knights) takes place 5 years after the final episodes of batman: the animated series (b:tas) and only aired for 24 episodes. this isn't a horrible show, but it just isn't as good as the original batman animated series. i'll start with all the things that i found not to be very good.first thing's first, the animation itself: long and sweet, gotham isn't dark anymore, the sky is always bright red and orange, b:tas did this also, but it was drawn on a dark palate, do the colour of the sky was more ominous, in this show, the colour of the sky is too bright. it all just looks like any other kids show and doesn't seem unique like batman: tas did with it's dark, cool art style on gotham. the art style is ok, but doesn't remind me of batman anymore. every character is comprised of straight lines, squares, and triangles making characters look less human-like. in the original series (b:tas), characters look more like drawn versions of real people. the animation may be more consistent here than in b:tas, but it definitely isn't as good. next: some of the episodes seem too dumbed down and childish, but some of the subject matter is even stronger than in b:tas.(two-face attempting to kill tim drake/robin 2, and some villains get some pretty harsh treatment). this leads me to my next point.because this is supposed to take place in the future as well as the final episodes of the batman animated universe, many villains do meet their demise or leave forever. poison ivy apparently drowns when a cruise ship explodes; two-face nearly kills penguin, killer croc, and himself, so he's moved to arkham forever; joker falls into the exhaust tower of an industrial plant (though he will return later on the justice league animated series); catwoman moves away to france leaving batman, etc... just because the series is ending does not mean that they have to get rid of some great characters! the villains' motives are pretty bad, too. there are none! in b:tas, we learn that these villains are mentally tormented and their lives are ruined, that's why they act the way they do, in this show, the villains are just committing crimes to progress the story. it's like batman just doesn't even care about saving whatever sanity there is left in the people that he fights, he just beats them senseless. this batman is a colder and meaner version of the character, but since he's been doing this job for years, i can see why he is so harsh. next, the redesigned character models: they're awful. gordon slimmed down about 100 pounds... is he sick? many villains look stupid (joker, riddler, catwoman, mr. freeze, mad hatter, and killer croc are among the worst). although, i do think that some characters look better (bane, scarecrow, batgirl). harley is about the same, and ivy (who is even hotter now) has pale green skin.with the series having many faults, some episodes are great- over the edge, mad love, beware the creeper, girls night out, old wounds, legends of the dark knight, and never fear are my favourite ones here, in my opinion. all of the crossovers featuring batman in the superman animated series were great, also.the absolute worst part about this show is how the creators say they love the animation of this series more than the original. on the dvd features of the original batman animated series, they talk about how proud they were with the art style, and how difficult some characters were to animate, but they did eventually succeed with (the difficult animation necessary to animate clayface, for example). on the dvd features of the new batman adventures, the creators basically say "to hell with b:tas, this is a fresh, new re-vamp, it looks better and we love how we nearly ruined the series!" (alright, that is an exaggeration). when the creators cast away the amazing art style of b:tas, that really annoyed me!it's not a bad show, but i still don't like it as much as the original animated series. at least the show doesn't talk down to its audience, so for that reason, i still commend it. though some of the episodes in this new series are fantastic and worth watching. superman: the animated series, and justice league: the animated series are great follow-up shows to batman: the animated series and the new batman adventures, so give them a watch as well.

i loved this series when it was on kids wb, i didn't believe that there was a batman spin off seeing as the original show ended in 1995 and this show came in 1997. first of all i loved the idea of robin leaving batman to solve crime on his own. it was an interesting perspective to their relationship. i also liked the addition of tim drake in the series, and once again like it's predecessor this show had great story lines, great animation (better then the original), fantastic voice work and of course brilliant writing. the only thing that i didn't like was that was when it was in the us it would often run episodes in a 15 minute storyline. i just wish some of the episodes could be longer. my favorite episode of any batman cartoons comes in this series, and it's called "over the edge", in my opinion as good if not better then "heart of ice" and "robin's reckoning." overall a nice follow up, along with superman this show made my childhood very happy.

this is a visual adaptation of manga with very little dialogue. what dialogue there is appears in word baloons as it would in the manga. the plot of this is existent but only vaguely accounted for. there is an issue of the manga on which this is based available in english in the blast books collection, 'comics underground japan', and it has actual captioned dialogue that explains the plot a bit more than here. i recommend checking that volume out if you liked this, as it explains some of the "plot" of the movie, which is otherwise inexplicable. animation wise this is pretty decent, good unintrusive use of computers and the images are for the most part realized well. it jumps in and out of episodes, as the characters, a cat and his brain-dead older sister cat wander in and out of a series of odd images: a boat, a circus, a desert. for a mere half hour they go through a number of semi-plots and settings, which leads me to believe that the director chose a number of issues of the long-running manga to adapt at random, but primarilly selected visually. knowing what's going on might somewhat increase appreciation. this reminds me mostly of the kind of stuff they used to play on the mtv show, cartoon sushi, in particular a short that features a cat chasing a man's severed butt-cheek around the house. only in this case the cats resemble hello kitty more and their adventure is expanded to include death and reincarnation and a number of other themes [though not all that easy to tell what's going on]. the dvd of this has director's commentary and a "making of" features, but i cant comment on those because i didnt get around to them. i'm giving this a 8/10 for now, here isnt much to compare it to in anime, and i hope for more like this.

japanese animators have a unique freedom with animation, which is why they tend to be able to come out with movies like these, movies that ultimately end up on anime-fans hard-drives and college student's floors, but get completely ignored by pretty much anybody outside of its country of origin. cat soup is one of those films that, from western eyes, is supposed to be experienced on drugs or deeply analyzed. really, it's just a beautifully detailed surrealist journey.there's no real dialog, which makes it easy to pass on to other interested parties uninterested in things like subtitles. a cat and his half-dead (brain-dead?) sister travel through various landscapes of imagination and association. there's a general theme of water, or lack thereof (possibly because of the cat drowning at the beginning? possibly because of the title?). there's an interesting sort of genesis take. there's a pig that gets to eat itself. an elephant made of water. and it's gorgeous, compelling, exciting, and fun--provided you don't watch it around druggies who cannot experience anything visually unique without comparing it to an acid trip. eventually the movie turns itself off, adding another compelling self-reflexive level to the proceedings.--polarisdib

i really loved it although while reading the reviews it was quite disturbing to me..but as an anime art fan i can totally understand this perfect art work even though some of it was against my cultures and believes..but hey,it's the world of art..!! the beginning of the film is very strong,strange and confusing.it's hard to understand the contents which make me respect the one who made it.only someone who is extremely opened can do such daring film..it's absolutely not for kids..even though the characters are cute and adorable but they go through some disturbing adventures that cannot be erased(sorry if the spelling is wrong)from ones memory..

cat soup has two "hello kitty"-type kittens embarking on a bizarre trip through the afterlife, where anything can happen, and does. this mind-tripping asian short uses no dialog, substituting word balloons instead. there is no way of describing this demented cartoon except to tell you to see it for yourself. and make sure no one under 10 is in the room. dismemberment and cannibalism and cruelty and savagery and sudden death and callous disregard for others are common themes. honest. perhaps the most memorable image is that of an elephant composed of water that the kitties swim through and in, and also ride. but like practically everything else in this film, that silly, picaresque interlude soon comes to a horrible end.

cat soup at first seems to be a very random animated film. the best way i've been able to explain it is that it's quite acidic. though it's not totally random. the story is about nyatta, a young cat boy and his sister nyaako. nyaako is very ill and dies, however, nyatta sees her soul being taken away by death and is able to retrieve half of it. the story is about their quest to bring nyaako fully back to life.though a lot of the content in this movie seems completely random, it is not. most of it is symbolism for life, death and rebirth. you can also see references from other tales, such as hansel and gretal. this strangely cute short film has an interesting story, packed with a deeper meaning than what you see on the surface of the screen.

short, but long enough, cat soup is a very wild trip to watch. one day, i was just searching though my on-demand list through the anime section and came across it, and decided to watch it. i spent the whole time basically sitting with my jaw agape. the whole time i was either vacant of thought, or had a fleeting one which screamed "turn it off!!!". but i didn't. and actually, i'm glad i did.the animation is stunning. very artistic, odd and dark. i personally loved it for the amazing animation, but the seemingly vacant story behind it is equally compelling for myself.a young boy--well, cat--goes in search of his sister's soul. in the first part she's lying sick in bed, and is soon paid by a visit from a sort of grim reaper. her soul is split in half. one is regained by the cat boy while the other half is lost.then the rest of the film is slightly lost to me, honestly. i expect they go back, and their world is... perhaps slowly falling apart? maybe her absence of soul is the answer behind this, for the rest of the film contains various stages of which the world's in. first there's a giant flood, and next it dries up into a bleak desert, and then everything freezes (thanks to either what is god or fate, as you will see). then i believe they find the sister's soul in the form of an orange flower. after that, the whole world disappears. haha, totally didn't get that, but it sends shivers down my spine each time.despite it's seemingly random scenes, i'm sure there's a deeper message behind it if you watch it enough and do some research. personally, i love trippy stuff like this, and would love to spend time doing that just to understand it. but to some people it's probably not their cup of tea. it comes off as highly disturbing, so if you like your straight forward anime, this is not a film for you. if you have an open mind however, i highly recommend this movie.

a young cat tries to steal back his brothers soul from death but only gets half of it and then has to go adventuring to get the other half... or maybe not. frankly i'm not sure what happens in this film which is full of very strange, very surreal images some of which parents might find disturbing, (ie.the cats slicing off part of a pig who is traveling with them and the frying it like bacon which all three eat).this is a very strange film that some have likened to hello kitty on acid, i think its more like hello kitty as done by dali. (certainly this is more alive than destino which was directly based on his work).if your up for a very off beat film that will challenge your perceptions of things then see this movie. just be ready for some very strange images that will be burned into your memory forever.

wow. a truly fantastic 'trip' movie that has tons of super-surreal imagery, dark intent and a black, pretty strange sense of how cartoon animals must see the world. it's populated with a very cute off-world bunch of characters that bend and flow with warped backgrounds.as with all cool fantasy, the wandering plot is secondary to the eye-popping visuals and we follow a little cat and his zombie sister as they encounter death, deluge, water elephants, samurai swordsmen and pigs that fish. i'd never heard of it, but now i love it - probably because it reminded me of the surreal pencil-work of american cartoonist; bill plympton. it's a demented delight for fans of odd, pretty things and it had me glued to the screen for fear i'd miss something amazing. simply put, it's 'hello kitty' without the 'o'.

best animated movie ever made. this film explores not only the vast world of modern animation with absolutely boggling effects, but the branches of the human mind, soul, and philosophy. the story features a family of cats, where in the big sister dies, the younger brother sees this and rescues her body, but when she awakens she is left without a soul. so, the two sibling cats embark on a journey to find it. i have related this journey to many things. the history of the world, the bible, the cycle of life, and every time i watch it i discover more and more hidden themes and metaphors. if you aren't so into the physiological aspect of it then, you will still adore it. the animation is superb, and the creative scenes will have you attached to the screen. for example, the ocean freezing in time, god eating soup out of the earth, a strange and slightly snm retelling of hansel and gretel. to conclude, cat soup is an absolute treat for anyone.ps- not for kids, gratuitous violence included.

cat soup is a short anime based on the legendary manga nekojiru. it won the award "best short film" at the 6th fantasia film festival and also won the "excellence prize" at japan's media arts festival.when little kitten nyaako's soul is stolen by death, she and her brother nyatta embark on a bizarre journey to get it back. in the surreal dreamscape of the other side, they encounter many fantastic characters and remarkable, often disturbing adventures.cat soup is an anime like nothing you've ever seen. it's hello kitty on acid! it is very original, stunningly beautiful and possess a great sense of strangeness and lyricism. cat soup is very surrealistic (there are no dialogue) and sometimes cruel and gory. so it is more an anime for adults than children (they may not understand at all!). a great journey for those who get the chance to see this absolute masterpiece. an must-see!

when i saw this movie a few days ago, my eyes were completely fixed to the screen. its greatness held my attention to such an extent that i focused all of my attention on it for its entire duration. i would recommend seeing it not just to fans of anime, but to anyone who likes great movies period (or who likes really weird stuff). the style of art is beautiful, the sound is perfect, and the symbolism within it is breathtaking. i've heard complaints about the weird insertion of english text in the movie, but i think the way its done is complementary to the strange style of the movie. the self-attributed description of "hello kitty on acid" doesn't do justice to this film of absolutely epic proportions. i'd like to find more works by whoever made this, and see them.

first of all, this movie is 34 minutes long, which means you could watch it three times in a row and still have spent less time than you would have watching most other movies. second of all--you need to do this. this sensational short film explores the potential of animation through a world of playful or horrifying but always powerful images. cats riding in and drinking out of a water elephant, a circus featuring a bird that has consumed the sky, and pigs eating their own fried flesh--that's only the beginning. the scenes and images, extraordinary on their own, flow together without obvious causal links in a way that demands re-watching. furthermore, the dvd includes an amazing director's commentary, which, given the extremely spare dialog, only enhances the viewing. the commentary gives a few interpretations of scenes, but also provides priceless quotes on the crafting of cat soup, along the lines of: "well, the artists were asking what we should do in this scene, but i didn't know myself, so its hard to say why it turned out as it did" (that's a bad paraphrase by the way). also, the sound throughout the film is very high quality, very precise, and very moody. in all, the absolute minimum viewing experience should go as follows:first viewing: watch the dvd without the commentary. second viewing: watch the dvd with the commentary. third viewing: rewatch without the commentary.once you've watched it three times, however, you're not going to stop there...

believe it or not, at 12 minutes, this film (for 1912) is a full-length film. very, very few films were longer than that back then, but that is definitely not what sets this odd little film apart from the rest! no, what's different is that all the actors (with the exception of one frog) are bugs...yes, bugs! this simple little domestic comedy could have looked much like productions starring the likes of chaplin, laurel and hardy or max linder but instead this russian production uses bugs (or, i think, models that looked just like bugs). chaplin and laurel and hardy were yet to be discovered and i assume linder was busy, so perhaps that's why they used bugs! using stop-motion, the bugs moved and danced and fought amazingly well--and a heck of a lot more realistically than king kong 21 years later! the film starts with mr. beetle sneaking off for a good time. he goes to a bawdy club while his wife supposedly waits at home. but, unfortunately for mr. beetle, he is caught on camera by a local film buff. plus, he doesn't know it but mrs. beetle is also carrying on with a bohemian grasshopper painter. of course, there's a lot more to this domestic comedy than this, but the plot is age-old and very entertaining for adults and kids alike.weird but also very amazing and watchable.

this is one of the best animated movies i've ever seen in my life. this isn't just a fun movie, or a well-made movie. this is a landmark in the art of animation and even if it weren't, just the technical skill that went into making it, would grant it a place in the history of animation.wladyslaw starewicz created a stop-motion movie about the secret life of beetles. he imagined a coherent world of insects, with jobs, houses, nightclubs, movie houses, even little props like posters and bicycles and paintings.in this movie he tells a simple tale of hypocrisy and revenge. mr. beetle has an affair with a dancing dragonfly, much to the chagrin of a grasshopper; but he's a cameraman and decides to shoot the fling. mr. beetle returns home and finds mrs. beetle having her own affair. mr. beetle chases the lover away but forgives his wife. the two make up and go out to the movies. and the movie they watch is mr. beetle and the dragonfly. described thus it sounds banal, but once seen it becomes a gripping work of cinema. along with emile cohl and jiri trnka, wladyslaw starewicz pretty much invented everything that future animators would use in their work. for that reason he must not remain forgotten.

this short is a puzzlement. words fail me here, as this is almost indescribable, technically exceptional after more than 90 years (the visuals are remarkable and even occasionally amazing), this is not something you watch if you like things that are mundane or "normal'-because it most certainly is not either. this be an odd one, gang. well worth checking out, but if things like ren and stimpy make your head hurt, you may want to skip this. recommended.

an absurdly hilarious and strikingly human tale of the jealousies and infidelities surrounding a beetle marriage, russian animation pioneer wladyslaw starewicz's "mest kinematograficheskogo operatora" ("the cameraman's revenge", or "the revenge of a kinematograph cameraman") is a delight of early animation, brimming with highly-effective stop-motion puppetry and no shortage of imagination.mr. and mrs. beetle have a completely uneventful marriage, and both yearn for more excitement in their lives. mr. beetle's desires can only be satisfied by the beautiful exotic dancer at the "gay dragonfly" night club, whom he visits whenever he takes a "business trip" to the city. she is the only one who understands him. a fellow admirer of this dancer, an aggressive grasshopper, is jealous that mr. beetle has stolen his lady and, as fate would have it, he is also a movie cameraman. the devious grasshopper follows mr. beetle and his acquaintance to a hotel room, where he films their exploits through the keyhole.meanwhile, mrs. beetle has, likewise, acquired a friend to add excitement to her life. he is an artist, and he brings her a painting for a present, before they both settle down on the couch for some intimacy. at that moment, however, mr. beetle returns home and witnesses the entire spectacle. as mr. beetle bashes through the front door, the artist friend clambers up the chimney, but he doesn't escape without mr. beetle first venting his anger and frustration upon him.there is a certain irony in the statement that follows: "mr. beetle is generous. he forgives his wife and takes her to a movie." he is generous enough to forgive her, and yet he had been equally unfaithful just minutes earlier. at this point in time, however, we still haven't forgotten the jealous movie cameraman who had been plotting his revenge, and it is no surprise when he turns out to be the projectionist for the film mr. and mrs. beetle are attending. suddenly intercut into the film they are enjoying is the footage of mr. beetle's disloyalty, and the angry wife hits him across the head with an umbrella, before the frightened and angry husband dives through the theatre screen in search of the grasshopper.in the final scene, both mr. and mrs. beetle, now somewhat more appreciative of each other, are serving time in prison for the fire that broke out when mr. beetle sought his final revenge. we do, indeed, hope that "the home life of the beetles will be less exciting in the future…" this film may appear to be a mere story of the comings-and-goings of a miniscule insect species, but starewicz is communicating so much more than that. this isn't a story about beetles – it is a story about us. and it's startlingly accurate, isn't it?!

the cameraman's revenge is an unusual short not because of the subject matter (adultery) or because it's animated (winsor mccay had introduced little nemo on film by this time) but because it depicts bugs to tell the story! ladislaw starewicz had originally wanted to film actual bugs fighting but couldn't get them to do it on camera because of the hot lights they suffered through so he took dead ones and started using stop-motion techniques to manipulate movements to his satisfaction. this short does a good job of putting human characteristics on little creatures such as riding motorcycles, painting, filming, kissing, and dancing. starewicz would also make frogland (1922) and the mascot (1933) but his first notable work would be this one. if you're interested in this and the other shorts mentioned, check your local library to borrow the dvd the cameraman't revenge and other fantastic tales from image entertainment.

ladislas starewicz's curiosity with insects and cinema melds into a short film about a love triangle between mr. beetle, an artistic grasshopper, and mrs. beetle. the rather simple story of an adulterous beetle couple that both seek stimulation outside their marriage is similar to a biograph or vitagraph short of the time. starewicz's twist on the story is to use embalmed beetles with wires straightening the legs in frame-by-frame animation. the story builds as mr. beetle is unknowingly caught on camera with a dragonfly from the local nightclub by a jealous grasshopper. when mr. beetle comes home to find his wife in the arms of her artistic friend, he chases her around angrily, but eventually forgives her and takes her out to see a movie. however, mrs. beetle soon learns of her husband's infidelities as the movie they watch is the jealous grasshopper's footage of mr. beetle and the dragonfly together. mrs. beetle thrashes mr. beetle with her umbrella, mr. beetle jumps through the screen, and they both end up in jail after the projector they wreck catches on fire. the insects are placed in humanized settings such as a house or a nightclub, and are given human characteristics of jealousy, anger, lust, and revenge. the insect characters carry briefcases, drive motorcars, and even wear shoes yet they also twitch their antennae and open and close their mandibles as real insects would. the novelty of the story doesn't wear itself out, even after multiple viewings, but as fluid as the movements are, the film moves slowly. action happens with intricate detail, but rapidity and a quicker pace of filming is lost in the process. despite its pace, the film is an excellent example of starewicz's early puppetry and is highly recommended.

for animation buffs it's a must, but even general audiences will enjoy the cameraman's revenge, a very early example of 'pixilation' by the hard-working pioneer wladyslaw starewicz. starewicz and his helpers painstakingly manipulated a cast of flexible insect figures to tell this story, paving the way for the likes of willis o'brien, george pal, ray harryhausen, and legions of modern digital effect creators.the cameraman's revenge is only about 10 minutes long, but packs in lots of amusing detail as the story follows the amorous adventures of two beetles from their home to a nightclub, a hotel, a cinema, and, eventually, a prison cell. there are two brief dance numbers at the nightclub (performed by a frog and a dragonfly), a scuffle between a beetle and a grasshopper, and a large-scale donnybrook at the cinema, which ends with the projector bursting into flames. pretty elaborate goings-on for 1912, when even john bray and winsor maccay were just getting started, and walt disney was still in grade school!it's interesting to note, too, what an impact the alteration of a silent movie's title cards can have on the story being told. i've seen two versions of this film offered by two video companies, and watched them back-to-back, and although the image content itself is almost identical, two different sets of intertitles tell two very different stories. (and the plot outline someone provided above tells yet a third story, which suggests that there's another version out there somewhere.) the british film institute's print, which has rhyming intertitles, tells the story of two sibling beetles, each secretly married, who hide this information from one another in order to inherit their late father's fortune. the other, russian print, tells a simpler story of married beetles who are each guilty of infidelity. in the russian version mr. beetle visits his girlfriend at the "gay dragonfly" nightclub, while in the english version brother bill beetle visits his wife at the music-hall. personally, i prefer the straightforward-- and spicier --russian story; the bfi version tries to cram too much plot into what should be a simple tale, and some of the rhymes are a bit awkward.still, in any rendition, the cameraman's revenge is a delightful film, and would make an ideal lead-in to that other great animated work which features beetles, yellow submarine.

i recently found a copy for $5 at a video store, and snapped it up eagerly. while the music and (obviously) graphics aren't up to the standards of my favorite of the series, beyond the mind's eye, i am still entranced by one segment:stanley and stella in "breaking the ice". the music is brilliant, and the emotions feel real. the clip on odyssey's website doesn't have the story nor the music, unfortunately.

when this first came out, my dad brought it home- we were amazed by it- it was so different from anything we had seen before. i was looking for a specific movie last night, and i found "the mind's eye" again. the box is falling apart, and i am surprised that the tape still works! although it is not 'finding nemo' quality graphics, it is still very good. they should sell this again- it is a landmark for computer animation imagery. highly recommended!this is what it is:"the mind's eye" is a spectacular odyssey through time. your journey begins at the dawn of creation and moves through the rise of man and technology. travel in the world of abstraction and on into the future with breathtaking computer animation imagery."the mind's eye" joins the imaginations of over 300 of the world's most talented computer animation artists with a powerful, original music soundtrack. this unique collaboration takes you on an incredible voyage into "the mind's eye."

when this first came out, my dad brought it home- we were amazed by it- it was so different from anything we had seen before. i was looking for a specific movie last night, and i found 'the mind's eye' again. the box is falling apart, and i am surprised that the tape still works! although it is not 'finding nemo' quality graphics, it is still very good. they should sell this again- it is a landmark for computer animation imagery. highly recommended!

as a kid, i loved computer animation although it was extremely limited and the tools were almost nonexistent. this movie, as i sat in awe and watched the amazing images and almost-hypnotic music, shaped the desire in me to create moving things in the computer. this is a whole-package deal, between the music and the video, that really packs a one-two punch. if you know any child that wants to get involved in computer animation, this is a must have. i still, almost 20 years later, rate this movie as one of my top 3 favorites. the originality, i think, is still unsurpassed by most of today's mcmovies that hollywood spits out. i am currently wanting to see if i can re-make it on my own; if imitation is the sincerest form of flattery then this movie deserves a ton of imitation =)

these things have been floating around in my head for damn near 10 years now. some pieces of this work were really memorable. - id love to see another more current example of cg showy offy stuff. actually i'd love to be part of it.if i'd would of had the chance to just say what i wanted and thats it, i wouldn't have to write all this extra in order to make "10 lines if text" as this website requires. i mean really? this almost discourages me, i mean luckily for the guys that made the movie i really liked the minds eye - and it took me 3 times to have enough lines, i hope you don't get me on the misspelling. - yup you did.

this has to be the all time best computer animation classic. even though most of the animations where experiments. they have an artistic quality that has stood the test of time. twelve years after it's release, i have gone back to watch this video and found some inspiration for new types of computer graphics. some of the techniques used in this video have never been full explored.

i probably saw this movie first in about 1995. since then i've returned to it many times. it's great! i especially like the first and second clips, "creation" and "civilization rising." wow! this was so cool back in the glory days of cg animation. cg is way older than i am, as i know the film "tron" was made 7 years before my time. but this film was a landmark in the early '90s. it was probably the first collaboration of different cg experiments set to music. i like it so much, i think i'll go watch it now. bye

this is an "odysessy through time" via computer animation, supposedly th work of over 300 artists. made in the late '80s and released in 1990, this was cutting edge stuff for the day. i thought it was good and quite interesting in spots.most of the short scenes made no sense, just forms evolving into other forms, but that was fun to watch. this is all about visuals, not really about any kind of a story. there were some strange sequences in which odd-looking men- creatures would dance around with birds overheard. all of it is computer animated which was new back then. even the term "computer animated" was not well-known.it's simply a chance to show off this new technology in short bits of cartoon-like happenings with beautiful colors and imaginative scenes. no words, just pictures with electronic music. stoners must have really loved this.it's a nice, intriguing 40 minutes of "eye candy" and "head candy." by today's cg effects this may have lost impact, but i think you'd still be entertained by this.

i love this tv series so much. it contains animation that is interesting and beautiful. i cant believe that they cut it off tv, and also that i never found out whether cybersix and data7 die or not, apparently they survive, but i'm not sure. cybersix was by far the best tv show ever. i know its to late to hope they will start the series over again so i'm really glad i got to watch it. i luved it so much <3 its about a women by the name of cybersix, she is not human. she goes by adrian sieldman, a man teacher at a highschool. now cybersix is actually a women, she is just disguised as a man in the day. by night cybersix patrols the city.a guy by the name of von reichter is the one who created cybersix, and once he finds put she is alive he uses everything he can to capture her.if u have never watched it before u should totally download it. it was the best tv show in the world. why did they cut it off???? some people have issues. but i'm glad i got to watch the 13 episodes.

brilliant movie. the drawings were just amazing. too bad it ended before it begun. i´ve waited 21 years for a sequel, but nooooo!!!

it's been quite some time since i've watched this lotr. i am currently hunting for a copy to purchase. bakshi's work is quite true to the original work. the visuals are engrosing and sometimes haunting.drawbacks? occasionally, the movie is confusing or muddled. there are one or two times where the storyline slows to a crawl. but, overall -- buy this movie. it's great for kids, adults and collectors.

if you have read the books then forget the characters that tolkien built in your head. the representation of hobbits, dwarves etc have had the 'disney' treatment. the dark riders are excellent, and as i had always imagined from the books.cinematically this is an excellent film, mixing live motion and animation to produce amazing effects for the year. i only wish he (bakshi) had been given the money to complete his epic.it's worth having the video as they will be worth a bit after the 2001 lord of the rings !!

i just bought this movie on dvd and watched it for the first time the other night. i've been a fan of tolkien's work for about 4 years now, ever since i got out of high school. i didn't grow up on this movie...perhaps my mother kept me away from it. it's definitely not for children. not that it's bad in a graphic sense, but that the themes would go right over most 10 year olds heads. overall, the animation was excellent considering this was made in 1978/1979. i thought the story followed the book fairly well in a loose sense. but i am bothered that bashki didn't just add another 40 minutes or so and tack on the return of the king parts. that would've made it the ultimate movie. i was bothered by it's abrupt end, and then when i heard return of the king sucked, i was bothered even more. too bad it wasn't one great animation film. it might have garnered a higher vote from me. i give it a 7. i can only hope peter jackson will do the books justice with the new live action lotr.

one thing i can say about this movie is well long, very long! i actually recently purchased this movie a couple of months ago seeing that there was a new version coming out. i was happy to find that it was made in 1978 because the 70's (even though i never lived in them) is actually one of my favourite decades, especially for the music! when i watched this movie the story was actually very good at the start but then after about 50 mins it started to get very boring and repetitive. i will admitt the animation did impress me! it was nothing i had ever seen before and was well pretty cool to see. but the movie honestly could of been a bit better, it could of had alot more talking and story to it than just 15 to 20 minute scenes that just had wierd fighting. then for the last 5 or 10 minutes the movie picked up and got good again but ended unexpectedly. in my opinion i thought it was extremely long. i know its 13 minutes over 2 hours and that is still long for a cartoon but since it was boring for most of the movie, it made it seem like it was 4 hours long!!!! but overall it is an okay film i guess and i will watch it again on one of those "nothing to do days". i will see the new one and i hope it is better!

i recently rented the animated version of the lord of the rings on video after seeing the fantastic 2001 live action version of the film. the lord of the rings live action trilogy directed by peter jackson will undoubtably be far better than george lucas' star wars "prequel" trilogy (episodes 1-3) will ever be as the real fantasy film series of the 21st century!i remember seeing the animated version as a child, and i didn't quite understand the depth of the film at that time. now that i have read the books, i understand what the whole storyline is all about. to be sure, some of the characters are quite silly, (samwise gangee is particularly annoying, almost as much as jar jar binks in star wars episode one, (awful!)) but, i have to say it follows the book rather closely, and it goes into part of book two, the two towers. the good things are that the action is somewhat interesting and some of the animation is quite remarkable for it's time. the bad things are that it ends upruptly halfway through the two towers without any result of frodo's quest to destroy the one ring, and the animation looks quite dated compared to today's standards. overall, not as bad as many say it is. but, the 2001 live action version is the new hallmark of the lord of the rings! at least ralph bakshi took the script seriously! peter jackson has said that the animated version inspired him to read the books, which in turn caused him to create one of the greatest fantasy series ever put on film, so we can at least thank ralph bakshi for that matter! i'll take the animated version of lord of the rings over the live version of harry potter anyday!a 7 out of a scale of 1-10, far less violent than the 2001 live action version, but nowhere near as good! for diehard fans of the books and film versions of the lord of the rings.

there seems to be only two types of reviews of this film on the net. those who hate it and curse ralph bakshis name and those love it and call it work of genious. i'm inclined to be in the middle. i'am forced to agree with most of the criticisms of this film (e.g.the cruel cutting of the story, badly rotoscoped charecters, over acting etc...) but dispite this i still love this film. the rotoscoping (when done properly)adds an eerie lifelike dimension to the charecters and the final battle scene at the end of the film is fantastic. the surrealistic scenes when the nineriders chase frodo are stylish and well executed and the musical score... magic. sadly the bad points outweight film but if you can bring yourself to ignore them it is a great film.(no doubt i'll be lynched by an angry mob of people who hate this film after writing this review, ah well, such is life)

i remember watching this late at night on black and white tv, long before a live-action version was so much as a twinkle in peter jackson's eye... and being very impressed. finally getting my hands this week on a vhs copy that was being thrown away (and isn't that just par for the course..?) i had the chance to revisit this film, and found that it still stands up quite well, although it's not quite the success that memory had painted.i have to confess to a certain bias here. some reviewers announce themselves as confirmed jackson-lovers, others as jackson-haters; i'm not exactly either. i was a devotee of the bbc radio adaptation by brian sibley originally broadcast in 1981, and instantly recognised the voice of gollum here -- peter woodthorpe would reprise this performance almost note-perfect for the radio three years later.i must say, however, that where i found jackson's films an increasingly indulgent disappointment, the bakshi version, for all that it has been cut to the bone, is actually more accurate. yes, there are the usual, understandable changes (here it is legolas rather than arwen who is substituted for glorfindel as the elf sent from rivendell to meet the party) and there is a great deal of telescoping of the action. (the only exception to the latter, as others have remarked, is the oddly extended sequence at the ford of rivendell, where the ringwraiths, having demonstrated a chilling ability to freeze and draw back frodo in mid-flight -- which they deploy again when he defies them after crossing the river -- then for some unexplained reason simply chase after him in a prolonged straight gallop, which is initially nightmarish but pointless, plot-wise, and definitely goes on too long.) i would also agree that the balrog is unsatisfactory, due partly to bad animation, and that gandalf windmills his arms too much.but having watched both approaches to the film, i feel more than ever that the animated route is the one to take. in a tale that is half-myth (oddly enough, one thing that is included is a snippet of aragorn's story of beren and luthien) the extreme literalism required by live-action filming, where everything from monsters to mail-shirts has to be created in detail to appear on camera, is counter-productive: latex-faced (or cgi) monsters are less monstrous than sketchily-drawn shapes, heroic costumes tend to look rather silly worn on real bodies, and hobbits or dwarfs with non-human body proportions are easy to animate but hard to film convincingly. many reviewers have cited the sniffing ringwraith in the woods, with its crippled, half-human movements, as one of the scariest moments in the film -- it certainly frightened me silly when i saw it for the first time alone in the dark!the extreme stylisation of the introduction (plus a voice-over done with great skill and economy to sum up the back-story in a few sentences) works very well to depict an almost mythical era, and the change to the comic-book rusticism of the shire -- i particularly like the proudfeet -- corresponds effectively to the similar change in tone of tolkien's prose. i did feel that there were some missed opportunities where the potential of animation could have been used to great effect: gandalf threatening bilbo with his true power in the opening scenes, bilbo seeming to become a gollum-like creature under the influence of ring-lust at rivendell, and galadriel's famous temptation speech all were drawn more or less straight, where it would have been trivial to distort the scene to reflect the hobbits' changed perceptions. but generally speaking the changes in detail and palette -- firelight hues at bree, bright colours re-emerging at rivendell and in the fangorn clearing, dirty greys and browns for moria and the desolate lands -- work well to reflect the mood of the various episodes, where a live-action approach simply doesn't allow you to blur the background or sketch in a stylised setting.as a fan i didn't care for either jackson's or bakshi's depiction of lothlorien -- again, i feel that the radio soundscape was the best evocation i've come across of a beautiful, slightly uncanny woodland paradise caught out of time -- and i feel that bakshi got the elven singing at this point pretty badly wrong, but i do like the little montage at this point showing the various members of the company relaxing together after their travails in moria. aragorn giving a hobbit-fencing-lesson here is as charming (and equally uncanonical) a spectacle as boromir engaging with the hobbits in hollin in the jackson version.the depiction of aragorn as convincingly weatherworn ranger is good throughout this film (viggo mortensen's scruffy jesus look really didn't work for me), although it would have been interesting to see how they planned to 'clean up' the character in the second half for gondor's benefit. john hurt, unsurprisingly, gives a sterling vocal performance, as does a resonant william squire in the part of gandalf. the hobbits are, i suspect, intended to reflect contemporary youth as audience-identification figures: i find the animated style (their proportions are much more 'cartoonish' than those of the human characters) works well to differentiate them, and the whole 'hairy feet' thing as drawn here comes across as much more plausible than in more literal depictions, including much fan art.personally i have less objection to boromir as viking -- he was always a fairly bludgeoning type -- than to beardy-aragorn (illogical: they were both numenorians, after all), although i am clearly in a minority here!the big flaw in this picture is always going to be the fact that it was an unfinished project, with a bizarre tacked-on voice-over ending attempting to resolve matters. a pity; it would have been interesting, not to mention less frustrating, to see what bakshi planned to make of shelob and minas tirith, never mind the dead...

with the release of peter jackson's famed "lord of the rings" trilogy, it is even easier to dismiss ralph bakshi's 1978 animated lord of the rings film as inferior. i agree with the majority that jackson's trilogy is the essential film adaptation of tolkien's work, but that does not prevent me from enjoying bakshi's ambitious pioneering effort. jackson has admitted that he received at least some inspiration from seeing bakshi's film and there are some clear similarities between their adaptations.the film's colorful picturesque backdrops are excellent and the score is memorable. i was for the most part satisfied by the drawings of the characters. the pairs of pippin and merry and eowyn and galadriel are mostly indistinguishable from each other visually, the balrog and treebeard were unimpressive, but these points didn't bother me very much. however, the nazgul are aptly drawn and made sufficiently eerie. the only character representation i was bothered by was sam's; he was made to look unbecomingly silly.this film is novel for its animation techniques. in addition to hand-drawn characters, live actors are incorporated into the animation through rotoscoping. it is quite apparent which characters are hand-drawn and which are rotoscoped, but none the less i found that the film's style was a novelty. the use of rotoscoped live actors for the battle scenes was a good decision and helped these scenes turn out well.the voice acting was generally of high quality. particularly good was john hurt, who provided an authoritative voice for aragorn. aragorn isn't a favorite character of mine from the stories, but backed by john hurt's voice he was my favorite character in this adaptation. my other favorite was william squire, whose voice is appropriately strong for gandalf. the only actor who seemed inappropriate was michael scholes as sam, whose voice acting was irritating and added to sam's unfortunately silly image. the only other bothersome part of the voice acting is the mispronunciation of character and place names. particularly strange was the decision to frequently have saruman referred to as "aruman".in producing this film, ralph bakshi expected to have the ability to produce two films. hence, this film contains about half the story, from the start of "the fellowship of the ring" to the end of the battle at helm's deep in "the two towers". the obvious implication of this is that the film's story is a highly condensed version of the story from the books. i enjoy the original stories and more thorough adaptations, but the liberties taken to compress the story didn't bother me, even the choice to leave arwen out of the story. enough of the key elements of the story were in this film to keep me engaged for the duration and there was even a novelty in being able to breeze through half the lord of the rings story in 132 minutes. the battle scenes were impressive and in particular the orc march to and battle at helm's deep were tremendous.ralph bakshi's version of "the lord of the rings" isn't perfect and no doubt a number of lord of the rings readers lament the cuts to the story. however, for me the drawbacks of this film were minor compared to the thrill of seeing an effective adaptation of half of a great trilogy. my only strong lament is that i am unable to see the second part of this "first great tale" of the lord of the rings since bakshi was not given the budget to create a sequel.

when a small hobbit named frodo baggins inherits a magic ring from his uncle, the wizard gandalf investigates and discovers that the ring is an ancient creation of an evil dark lord. should the ring end up back in his hands, he will regain his power and destroy middle earth. frodo and his loyal friends set out on a a quest to destroy the ring with a band of warriors. this is an underrated adaption of the classic novels as it only covers the first half of the story. regardless, this is an epic and wonderfully animated film.the animation is superbly done with rotoscope, which is tracing over live action footage. ralph bakshi worked well with the low budget he was given. the film also boasts a grand music score by leonard rosenman that fits every scene. there are a few plot holes with the script, but that has to be excused, considering the original deal was to make the book trilogy into two films, much had to crammed in the first one. my biggest gripe is some of the character design, samwise was a bit too goofy, while the other hobbits act completely normal. the other characters are actually well written for the screen, and the voice actors do a great job, i was pleased that legolas is actually a bit more helpful to the plot. the rotoscoped orcs are more comical than frightening, while the ringwraiths are eerie and nightmarish.another problem is that the evil wizard saruman is called aruman, thanks to the writers. overall, i think a little more money and better writers would have done this a lot of justice, but there is something charming about it. ralph bakshi made a valiant effort of making screen adaption of these classic stories. the film suffers terribly from being overshadowed by the live action films, but it's still a great movie for animation lovers of all ages.

peter jacksons version(s) are better films overall from objective point of view. that being said, they are not my favorite screen versions of lord of the rings, and let me explain why. firstly, the acting of the on-screen characters is just too ordinary and uninspiring with jackson's lotr. the whole cast is too run of the mill. "are you claiming that those silly cartoon characters of ralph bakshi version are better actors than real people?" one could ask. well, they are not really silly(save for hobbits, later about them) and they certainly pack more personality than jackson's party - even with much more limited dialogue time. and that is because of superior _voice_ acting of the bakshi's lotr. take aragorn for example. in this version his voice is deep and charismatic with full of authority(aragorn the lord)and with a seasoned rasp(aragorn the ranger). this is due to john hurt's brilliant voice acting. compare that to viggo mortensen's rather high pitched sound with no soul and the duel gets quickly uneven: hurt beats mortensen hands down. and then there is gandalf. probably the most dominating(and the most popular) character in the whole saga. in this bakshi version gandalf(william squire) is a real wizard. and by that i don't mean he shoots bolts from his fingertips(he does not), but his presence is just captivating. he is a mystical, powerful and can switch from gentle old man to a scary person with ease. add to that his looks: tall, old as the ancient oak, beard long as his body, sharp eyes, wizardy hook nose and of course, the classical wizard hat. a perfect gandalf, just like in the books. ian mckellen's gandalf in the other hand, is simply just too boring. he looks too human, sounds too human, acts too human and wears no hat or wields no sword. yes a sword. in this bakshi version gandalf scores couple of bloody orc kills with his sword(as he did in the books). and those are stylish slow motion kills. gandalf is not a power to be messed with. and it must be noted, that while i'm sad to say this, the great christopher lee didn't bring saruman alive. fraser kerr in this movie did, even with a very limited screen time and lines.before i move completely to visual aspects of the movie, it must be mentioned that the voice acting and the general presenation of the orcs are also superior to jackson's pretendeous bad guys. bakshi's orcs taunt their enemies(or each other) constantly with growls, screams and nasty language. they are more believable as monsters and are more faithful to the book in my opinion. and finally, the black riders - or the nazgul. those ultimate bad guys are scary ghosts in this one - not just some riders wearing black. and they speak with haunting voice, which mesmerizes their victim. my favorite scene in the film is when the nazgul are chasing frodo near the river. while peter jackson couldn't do anything but show the riders simply chasing the party, bakshi throws in a nightmarish dream with some cool slow motion scenes and thundering sky.but as much i like this film more than jackson's, the latter are, if only technically, still better. and that is because of some key visuals. as you know bakshi lotr features a mixture of animated characters(all hobbits and the main cast) and real actors covered with paint. i don't really have a problem using real people in animation this way, but they just don't fit very well with traditional cartoon figures. this is especially true with humans(riders of rohan, tavern people etc.) orcs are different matter, since they are meant to look very distinctive from other characters. orcs, while played by humans with animation mix, look far superior to jacksons version. they have brownish-green skin, shiny red eyes, flat face and pointed teeth. biggest screw up in this films visuals, howerver, are the hobbits. while i prefer almost every character in bakshi version compared to jackson, the latter has clearly superior hobbits, in fact they are perfect. with bakshi you get some irritating and rather poorly drawn humanoid disney bambies. and you are forced to spend a lot of movie time with them, so be warned. again, the voice acting is ok with them too, but the actors mouths cannot save the "immersion damage" made by these little weasels. well, i never really liked those halflings anyway. general failures in the bakshi script are well known. limited playing time(with limited budget) and a lot of missing scenes. so while this film covers nearly half of the story, it doesn't do it in extensive detail compared to jackson's version. in a summary the ralph bakshi version of lotr has a superior:-overall atmosphere (it feels more like middle-earth) -overall voice acting -music (i really dig the fantasy score by kont & rosenman) -gandalf -aragorn (one of the john hurt's finest roles) -king theoden -orcs -black riders -elrond (he's not some fairy hippie in this one!)while jackson version is better:-because it covers the whole story -overall visuals and special effects -gollum/smeagol -balrog -hobbitslord of the rings by ralph bakshi, even with it's well known shortcomings, is one of the best animation films ever made and it captures the atmosphere of tolkien's fantasy world very well, if not perfectly. i'll give it a score of 8½ out of 10.

i happened upon this movie as an 8-10 year old on a cold, dark november afternoon. i was outside playing all day, freezing, and when i came in around 4pm, i had a cup of hot cocoa and sat down in front of the tv with a blanket. i was surprised to be watching a cartoon that wasn't all happy and silly--and was in fact dark, and moralistic. it captured my imagination. i'm sure it misses the text, and is abbreviated in all the wrong places for the tolkien purist. but it still captures the spirit of the story, the choice to carry a burden for the good of others, the consequences of selfish, rash decisions, etc. the quality of animation leaves room for complaint. but the one place where this movie clearly rises above the new films is the voice characterizations. john hurt is great in this. if you don't like how the character is drawn, look away, and just listen to him. his voice is extraordinary. i've seen it again many, many times and it always brings me back to that time, as a kid, thirsty for some magical adventure. it's for this reason i say 'lucky', the film is nostalgic for me so i overlook its shortcomings. but between john hurt, and tolkien's fantasy, it still reached me, and still does.

my friend had the idea of watching the animated lotr after seeing the peter jackson return of the king. so i finally bought it off e-bay, thinking right from the start it was going to suck. actually, it really wasn't as bad as i thought it would be. the animation was good for its time, they used a unique method of blending live action with animation to create some interesting effects, and the guy who did the voice for frodo sounded somewhat like elijah wood.not the greatest adaptation of a book, but trust me, i've seen a lot worse. it skips quite a lot of things, since both fellowship and the two towers are compressed into one two hour movie. definatley worth a watch, kids might like, but still, absoutley no comparision with the peter jackson trilogy.

first of all no adaptation is ever as good as the book, especially when you're dealing with master writer like tolkien. this adaptation wonderfully synthesizes tolkien's universe with 1970s psychedelia, aesthetics, and liberal culture. yes - the animation and background painting is sometimes a little "rough" in its technical execution but it's beautiful none the less, and very evocative in terms of giving a unique "sense of place" to each of the scenes. beyond the absolute uniqueness in imagery is the absolutely outstanding voice acting - acting that's far superior to the acting in the new live action movies. and while the cell animation might not be the most "technically proficient" animation it superbly captures the expressive bodily and facial gestures of the acting while at once not forgetting to be subtle and nuanced. the background paintings vary from traditional "fantasy" motif to outright abstraction, but the transition to abstracted settings is always motivated by the narrative and contributes greatly to the themes of the film. if you're a person who has to have extensive computer rendering in a film so that everything is visualized for you then i can see how you might not like this movie but if you enjoy superior acting, transcendental imagery, and jrr tolkien then this film is a must see.

i'm fond of this film and it vexes me that so many "reviewers" rank it below the peter jackson trilogy. a filmed novel is always interpretive; in particular an animated film relies on the artist's vision and should be judged on its own terms. speaking as a purist, this is a finer homage to tolkien than the updated version. while this film has its flaws it stays truer to the source, especially so far as the characters are concerned.in the jackson version tolkien's frodo is barely recognizable: from the first scenes he is portrayed as a weakling, constantly wavering, manipulated by forces around him and never standing on his own two feet (this is physically and metaphorically true.) you wonder why fate chose this limp biscuit to carry the one ring to the cracks of doom. jackson unforgivably rewrites tolkien and robs frodo of his finest moment when he allows arwen to rescue him from the ringwraiths...bakshi's version respects the original, presenting a frodo who demands the wraiths "go back and trouble me no more!" bakshi sustains frodo's character as tolkien conceived it. we see his decline as the weight of his burden increases. frodo is so pivotal to lord of the rings you wonder why jackson took such liberties (he does so with numerous characters)since character development propels the plot to its inevitable conclusion. bakshi's film better explores the companionship between legolas and gimli in a few judicious scenes that are completely lacking in jackson's version. similarly we see boromir horsing with pippin and merry, furthering the idea of fellowship. for my liking the camaraderie is more developed in the animated version than the live action.tolkien's poetry is an important ingredient in the novels and bakshi makes tribute to this in one of my favorite scenes: when frodo sings the "merry old inn" song, minutes before stumbling into strider. the cheery tune is chillingly juxtaposed with the darker theme music when seconds later, invisible to his friends but visible to the wraiths, frodo is dangerously exposed. this is one of the most atmospheric portions of the film and chills me whenever i see it.the well documented budget/time restrictions limit this film's final impact but had it been completed it may have resonated with more viewers. as it is, it's worth a look. even its detractors admit that peter jackson derived much of his inspiration from this prototype.

first of all, the only reason people keep bitching about this film is because they can't stand a few parts of the true story being "altered". well guess what? peter jackson's film wasn't a perfect rendition either. well enough ranting. this is a very beautiful film. the backgrounds are gorgeous and taken from well known tolkein artists. the film covers about half the trilogy (fellowship of the ring and up to the battle of helms deep in the two towers) and moves at a good pace. the voice casting is top notch and the most of the characters look like i imagined they would. samwise is a bit too ugly for my tastes, but aragorn looks awesome. the film has a great score that completely supports the movie. if you enjoy good fantasy stories but hate reading (the books are even better) give this movie a try, keeping in mind it was made 20 odd years ago.also of particular note: peter jackson's adaption of fellowship follows almost exactly the same strand as ralph bakshi's (jackson has said many times how much he admired bakshi's effort).

godard once said a way to criticize a movie is to just make one, and probably the strongest kind that could be made about ralph bakshi's take on tolkien's magnum opus the lord of the rings, has actually been made by peter jackson. the recent trilogy, to me, aren't even total masterpieces, but they are given enough room with each book to breath in all the post-modern techniques crossed with classical storytelling to make them very good, sweeping entertainments. but as one who has not read the books, i end up now looking upon the two versions, live-action (albeit partly animated in its big visual effects way) and animated (albeit partly done with actual live action as the framework) in relation to just the basic story, not even complete faithfulness to the books. and with bakshi's version, it's almost not fair in a way, as what we do see is really not the complete vision, not what jackson really had (probably final cut). robbed of return of the king's big climactic rush of the story, and with the other two parts becoming rushed, i ended up liking it more for what it did within its limitations, though as such those same limitations make it disappointing.what's interesting too, after seeing the jackson films first- which i also slightly regret being that i might've reacted to this differently when i was younger and prior to five years ago- is that the basic elements of the story never get messed up with. everything that is really needed to tell the fellowship of the ring story is actually pretty much intact, and if anything what was probably even more gigantic and epic in tolkien's book is given some clarity in this section. the actors playing the parts of the hobbits and the other heroes, are more or less adequate for the parts, with a few parts standing out (john hurt as aragorn and william squire as gandalf). the lack of extra characterization does end up making things seem a little face-value for those who've not even seen the other films or read the books and can't put them into context. but there is some level of interest always with the characters, and here there's a more old-fashioned sensibility amid the large aura of it being more. this is not a garden variety disney adaptation- warts and all, this is a bakshi film, with his underground animation roots colliding with the mythical world of middle earth.and what bakshi and his animation team bring to the film is one that ends up giving what is on screen, in all its abbreviated form, its hit or miss appeal. along with being not totally complete as a film, or as stories, the form of the film is an experiment, to see if something can be entirely rotoscoped. the results end up bringing what seems now to be retro, but at the time of course was something that was a rough, crazy inspiration on the part of the filmmakers. might it have been better with more traditional drawn animation? in some parts, yeah; it does become a little noticeable, as was also the case in bakshi's american pop, that the main characters move in such ways that are a little shaky, like some kind of comic-book form done in a different way. still, there's much i admired in what was done. the orcs, for example, i found to be really amazing in they're surreal surroundings. they're maybe the best part of the combination of the animation on top of the live-action, especially during parts where there isn't battle footage (that's really the real hit-or-miss section, as there isn't continuity from the good and bad rotoscoping), and the chiaroscuro comes through with big shapes on top of horseback. it's creepy in a good way. and the backgrounds, while also very rough and sometimes too sketchy, are beautiful with the mixtures and blasts of colors together. it's almost something for art-film buffs as much as for the ring-nuts.so, how would i recommend this animated take on the lord of the rings? i don't know, to tell the truth. it's certainly a good notch above the other tolkien animated film i've seen, the hobbit (and i've yet to see the animated rotk), and there is some real artistry going on. there's also some stilted dialog, an all-too-rushed two towers segment with the most intriguing character gollum being reduced to maybe two scenes in all. and seeing something as fragmented like this ends up only reinforcing the completeness of the more recent films. if you're a fan of the books contemplating checking this out, i would say it's worth a chance, even if it's one of those chances where you watch for forty minutes and then decide whether to stop it or not. as for it fitting into bakshi's other films i've seen it's an impressive ambitious and spotty achievement, where as with lynch's dune it's bound to draw a dark, mordor-like line in the sand between those who hate it passionately and those who don't. i don't.

as an animated film from 1978, this is pretty good--generally well above the standard of the days when disney hadn't done anything good in years (and tolkien cared little for disney anyway). it gets major points for innovative and careful camera work, applying cinematic techniques with relative success. the much-maligned rotoscoping actually works pretty well, especially with the ringwraiths, and the opening narration. however, it is so drastically overused--possibly as a money-saving technique--that it detracts from the overall effect. the same technique that makes wraiths spooky and otherworldly doesn't fare so well in the prancing pony.as for the adaptation of the story, it's actually quite good. we lose little bits here and there, minor details such as the old forest and tom bombadil, the gaffer and the sackville-bagginses. we compress a few characters, such as revising legolas as one of elrond's household and an old friend of aragorn's, but that's a rather wise decision for film. in books you have room to include the references to the larger world of the elves and middle-earth's vast history. in film, you trade that for visuals and sound that convey the same elements in a different way. nothing critical is truly lost here, and although i have minor quibbles about some of the changes, i'm generally pretty happy with it.if only the dratted writers had managed to remember saruman's name--he's frequently referred to as aruman, a decision probably made to make him more distinct from similarly-named sauron; it took me a second viewing before i was certain i hadn't misheard it. it's also annoying that boromir is a bloody stage viking, and irritable from the start. however, gandalf is excellent, and most of the rest of the voicework is excellent. if only john hurt weren't too old to play aragorn; i love his voice.of course, with the film ending at the midpoint of the story, there's a vast disappointment built in. what makes it far, far worse is the altogether miserable job done by the rankin & bass crew on the sequel. that they were permitted to do return of the king after butchering the hobbit remains a huge mystery; they seem more interested in bad songs than in proper storytelling. for all its faults, this film's heart is solidly in place and it tries very hard to accomplish a nearly impossible task. i can only hope that the upcoming series of films keeps as true to its vision...

more than twenty years before peter jackson's visionary adaptation of the lord of the rings, there was this 1978 animated effort from director ralph bakshi. an ambitious and reasonably faithful version of the story, this has sadly been rather over-shadowed by the jackson trilogy. indeed, many reviewers here on the imdb (mainly those who saw the newer version first) seem to be fiercely unkind to this version.... but if one applies a little common sense, and takes into consideration the time when it was made and the technical possibilities that existed at that time, then they will realise that this is a pretty good film. indeed, it was shortly after seeing this animated movie back in the early '80s that i sought out tolkien's book and immediately became a lifelong fan of these richly detailed middle earth adventures. so, in some respects, i owe this film a degree of acknowledgement as the film which shaped my literary tastes forever.sauron, the dark lord of middle earth, forges an all-powerful ring that gives him incredible power. following a great battle during which sauron is defeated, the ring falls into possession of a king named isildur…. but instead of destroying it he foolishly chooses to keep it. for centuries the ring passes from hand to hand, eventually coming into the possession of a hobbit named frodo baggins who lives in a peace-loving community known as the shire. frodo learns from a wizard named gandalf that his ring is in fact the one ring, the very same that was forged by sauron all those centuries ago, and that its master is once again searching for it in order to restore his dark power over the entire land. frodo embarks on a perilous journey to protect the ring with three other hobbit companions, but every step of the way they are hunted by sauron's ring-wraiths, the black riders. there follow many adventures, during which a company of nine adventurers is formed to guide the ring to the only place where it can be "unmade" – mount doom, in the land of mordor. the film concludes with frodo and his best friend sam on the borders of mordor, closing ever nearer to their horrifying destination. meanwhile gandalf and the other members of the company fight off a huge army of orcs at the legendary fortress of helm's deep.this version covers just over half of the original book. a second instalment was planned to bring the story to an end, but was sadly never completed. while the ending feels abrupt, it does at least end at a sensible point in the story. one has to feel a little frustration and regret that no sequel exists in which we might follow these animated heroes to their eventual goal. the animation is passable, with a nice variety of locales and characters presented in interesting detail. the music by leonard rosenman is suitably stirring and fits in appropriately with the epic narrative. the voice-overs are decent, too, especially john hurt as aragorn and peter woodthorpe as gollum. on the other hand, michael scholes - who provides the voice for sam - is rather campy and goofy, which is not well suited to the character. the lord of the rings is a commendable attempt to visualise the staggering book on which it is based.

this film, in my opinion, is, despite it's flaws (which i maintain are *few*), an utter masterpiece and a great and glorious piece of art.what mr. bakshi has done here is to create an utterly beautiful film and has shown his immense talent and versatility as a director of animated films. he does not receive 1/100th of the credit he deserves for literally saving the art of animation for an adult audience. if it were not for mr. bakshi, i don't believe animation would have survived the disney onslaught. what is more, with the lord of the rings, he has not only created a beautiful animated film, but he has created an entirely new art form - unfortunately one that never quite made it off the ground.most people will complain about the use of rotoscoping in the film (the use of live action images which are used as background images and often animated over using various techniques from what appears to be small amounts of tinting to full blown animation). but i feel that the people who complain about it simply cannot accept an art form which is out of the norm. no, this is not disney animation. no it's not live action. no, it's not "cheating" - what it is is a new, fascinating, and absolutely wonderful art form. something so fresh, and so new that it feels completely at home in such a fantastic tale as "the lord of the rings". bakshi's pioneering use of this technique brings the subtleties of middle earth to life is a very dark and mysterious way, in particular, the darker of tolkien's creatures, particularly the nazgul, are realized in a way that traditional animation or live action have not been able to accomplish.peter s. beagle's screenplay (based very little, as i understand it, on an early draft by chris conkling) is a very loyal adaptation of tolkien's works. where possible he uses dialogue directly out of the novel and it feels at home in the world which bakshi has created. there are many cuts that were made to fit the first book and 3/4 into a single 2 hour 15 minute film, but there are very few changes to the storyline. there are a few holes which it would have been nice to have filled: the reforging of narsil, the gifts of galadriel, the huorns at the battle of the hornburg, but, again, with the time limitations he had (already the longest animated feature in history), these are certainly understandable (though it makes one wonder how they could have been explained in a sequel).also there is the delightful (one of my favorites) score by leonard rosenman (who also scored barry lyndon and star trek iv (the score for which is clearly based on his lotr work)). it is bombastic and audacious and, dare i say, perfect. it stands on it's own as an orchestral triumph, but when coupled with the images of the film, it enters a whole new world of symphonic perfection. so far from the typical hollywoodland fare that it turns many people off.the voice actors are wonderful. of particular note is john hurt as aragorn who just oozes the essence of strider.the character design is also wonderfully unique, though not often to everyone's taste. but remember that it is the duty of the director of an adaptation to show you what he/she imagines, not what you might have imagined, and so aragorn is realized with a distinctive native american feel and boromir appears in viking inspired garb. this is perhaps not what you imagined, but i can only applaud mr. bakshi for showing us what he "saw". it also might be noted that he spent a significant amount of time with priscilla tolkien in developing the character outfits for the film.one farther word - the flight to the ford sequence, in my opinion, is one of the most subtlety beautiful sequences ever to be caught on celluloid. bakshi is not afraid to slow down the pace for a moment, and his mastery is clearly shown by the incredible tension is able to build. bakshi's artistic ability and tolkien's incredible work fuse in this sequence to a glorious peak which has yet to be equaled.the recent dvd release (2001) by warner brothers, is sorely lacking. while we can offer our eternal thanks that the film is finally available in widescreen format, the package is woefully short of extras. how glorious it would have been to have had a director's commentary, been able to see the 20 minutes of extra footage that were removed for the theatrical release. another delightful addition could have been the assembled the live action footage which was later animated over. also present in the dvd release is the utterly horrible voiceover at the end of the film which is a departure from the simple voiceover which occurred in the very final frames of the film. this version is plastered and poorly rendered right over the musical climax of the score.of course, the greatest tragedy of all is that the sequel was never made. we will never be able to see bakshi's interpretation of gondor, of shelob, of faramir, of the cracks of doom, of eowyn's battle with the witch king or gandalf's confrontation with him. we will never be graced with bakshi's image of denethor or the palatir or the paths of the dead. it is a shame beyond all shames that we will, in the end, have to accept peter jackson's glitz and glitter hollywood, action film version of these later events in tolkien's masterpiece, but, i suppose even that is better than having no cinematic version at all.david

how i got into it: when i started watching this series on cartoon network,i have to say that i've never seen anything like this,and it was the best. but when i started collecting the series on vhs,and years later on dvd part of bandai's anime legends collections. it was amazing,and truly worth watching. it had a lot of exploding action that will blow you out of your seat. and of course,the theme songs "just communication",and rhythm emotions" were the best.characters,and gundams: my favorite characters in the show were:heero,duo,relena,treize,lady und,noin,and zechs. my favorite gundams in the show that i liked the most are the wing zero,and epyon,and of course the altron,and deathscythe i,and ii.meaning of the show: what this series also tells us that in real life,wars are very hard and we can sometimes win,or lose. but peace can also be hard to obtain,and i do believe the gundam pilots are doing the right thing,and are trying to obtain world peace.but however,this show is truly the best of the best. so in closing to this review,after you watch this show,see the movie endless waltz.

over-powered mobile suits that can annihilate entire armies - check! weapons that hardly need to be aimed and still annihilate everything - check! mobile suits based on angels - check!ok - its a gundam series. this one, gundam wing, has good character development, real-world complexity, interesting ideas and some pretty eye-candy.with characters, the initially weak relena dorlan (later peacecraft, then back to dorlan) gets stronger and more independent (although is still absolutely besotted with heero yuy, the series main character). the aforementioned heero, initially a cold, hard butcherer, becomes more and more human, while still remaining in-character. and seeing the lost millardo peacecraft (whos nomm de guerre is zechs marquise) float between oz, freelance, and command of white fang shows how some people can really lose themselves in their own creations.the complexity of the political and military situation is also quite good - reflecting how the real world works. however, in 49 half-hour episodes, it does become a bit of a liability in that this complexity isn't used to its full potential.the ideas at the core of the series - the necessity of fighting, the desire for peace, etc - are ones that resonate even today. in retrospect, the series was ahead of its time, what with the "war on terrorism" and all. but its exploration of these ideas, the monologues, especially those of treize kushrenada, is an incredible dramatic piece, forming some of the best writing in the series.but that sometimes good writing is also sometimes extremely poor, which dramatically causes it to lose some of its edge.in terms of eye-candy, which is what this one has in bucketloads, everything from the mobile suits to the battleship libra (no not the tampons you idiot!) is wells designed, and explodes in big balls of orange (which is bad, because better animation would've had better explosions). but who cares?! stuff explodes, and thats all that matters.in short though, the sheer complexity of the series means that if you miss out on a few episodes, you've missed out on a lot. the poor writing can leave you cringing, and sometimes the animation makes you go "wtf?!?!" but this is made up for in its classic animation style, its scale, sparks of incredible dialogue, and its more mature exploration that one expects of such japenese animations.

i could write a big enough comment on any one of the characters in gundam wing, they could each lead the series with their internal conflicts. instead we get 8 great leads that take us through 49 golden episodes of anime bliss.it contains dialogue that you can roll around in your head for months... years, and then go back to and derive new meaning from, a masterpiece in script writing (even though it has the typical anime trait of there being a disparity between subtitles and english dub). it has an abundance of concepts and philosophies that make you think about your own views.the relationships between the cold unfeeling males and loving female characters is a stand alone aspect of this series. the relationship between heero and relena, and milliardo and noin are joys to watch. the apparent rejection of the male is underpinned with an inner turmoil that makes the love (a word never mentioned in the series) of the women necessary for them in their harsh soldier environment. the women are chasing aspects of the men that we rarely, if at all see, which makes the leading men all the more enigmatic. it takes heero all of the 49 episodes to show some caring, but he gets there, and when he does, its a big pay off. and then there's the giant robot fighting. fun to watch awesome sequences as good as any hollywood epic fight scene. any less clued up person would see giant robot fighting as a silly cartoon function for kids, as has become clear when i'm trying to recommend this series to my friends, but they're wrong. many of the giant robot fights in gundam wing contain a hefty dose of pathos, usually concerning young rebels fighting for what they believe in against an oppressive society making their beliefs obsolete.the constant shifts in tone and emphasis through each episode makes gundam wing impossible to be boring, it is a captivating, thought provoking study on the potential of the human mind and body.

the second alternate gundam universe tale (g-gundam being the first), gundam wing is yet another different view into the gundam verse. the familiar elements are found but gundam wing is actually different then its counterparts. the biggest being the gundams are nothing more than terrorists combating one lone organization. in truth, the series doesn't really become a show about war until episode 7 but in truth the real conflict, the eve wars, don't happen until the later episodes. the greatest positives of this series are it's characters. all the main characters are fleshed out throughout the 49 episode run and you can really sympathize with each of the roles their put in. another great plus is the fantastic character and mecha design of the series. the designs put some of it's other gundam counterparts to shame. one of the biggest criticism of this series is how many die hard uc fans claim rip off of the original uc saga. why gundam wing gets this rap when the more apparent uc clone of gundam seed is out there is beyond me. true there are many moments lifted but their told in new ways and there are distinct differences as well.take for example, the usual comparison of zechs merquise and uc icon char aznable. throughout the series, zechs is more the outcast in the alliance and in ways oz as well, while the red comet was shining symbol of zeon. another big difference is the fact zechs loses a lot soldiers under his command hence the other nickname he's given in the early episodes: "killer of his own men." char isn't given this label. the problems with this series isn't the philosophy mumbo jumbo but two problems. the first is the reused animation footage of the gundams attacks. sure it's fun seeing heavy arms attack tanks, ms, and planes the first time. but on it's fourth re-use scenes like this do get old. the second problem is that the entire series is supposed to take place during an entire year. if you really think about all the events springing in the series, a lot happens in just one lone year. but i guess you can easily dismiss this fact when ignoring the intro's first lines every so often. as it ranks, this is probably the best of the alternate universe gundam tales and a great introduction into the gundam world. after all, this was the very first gundam anime to air in the us television.

while being an impressionable youth when first experiencing the gundam wing series, upon re-watching the series, i have reconfirmed my belief that this series is not only beautifully animated, but the plot, the gundam design, character design, and character depth are masterfully executed. while at first appearing like a boy band of sorts, the stylish attractiveness of the characters can partly be credited to just great art, with individual personalities creating clear and endearing distinctions among the characters. consequently, it is extremely easy to become to drawn to any particular character. personally, i liked heero because of his stoic personality. while i may be biased with a sentimental attachment of this show to my childhood, i can objectively say that gundam wing addresses the deeper questions of war and life in general (how can we obtain peace?) while providing action packed battles in large robot suits, which, to say the least, is excellent.

i've watched almost all of the gundam/mech anime that have showed in the us and this by far has the best story. the way its plot twists and turns has u riveted. gundam wing is a series that mainly focuses on politics and war. the series follows a group of five 15 year old boys who have been trained to pilot state of the art mobile suits known as gundams. the gundam pilots were trained to battle a powerful insurgency known as oz. as things begin to heat up between oz and the gundam pilots, new political groups will form and old ones will dissipate. old conflicts will end and new ones will arise. to obtain peace the gundam pilots must come to grips with the events taking place in their world and put an end to all the fighting. but, how far are people willing to go to obtain their goal. i recommend this anime to anyone who is looking for a show that has a deep plot.

gundam wing to me happens to be a good anime. a bit slow moving (especially around the middle of the series), but over all enjoyable. now before anyone jumps on my case and calls me a "winger", i will admit that i have watched all of the original gundam, gundam 0080 and 0083, the 08th ms team, and gundam seed.i will admit that there were a few problems with the story telling and a few characters may seem to be "rip-offs" (i.e. zechs marquise to the original gundam's char), but this is an alternate universe show based on the original series, as is seed.if you wish to view this series make sure that you watch the original gundam first, and then know that you are watching an au series.

gundam wing is an amazing show from start to finish, every single episode is a joy to watch. the story is typical gundam fare, in the future earth's populations grows to the extent where we create space colonies in order to expand. the story though is set in an entirely different reality than any other gundam show. it is the year after colony 195 and the corrupt earth government, known as the earth sphere alliance, is violently taking over the free colonies. to combat the alliance control and the even greater threat that is to come (an evil militaristic organization hiding within the alliance known as oz, which later takes control of earth and the colonies), select members of the colonies send 5 super powerful mechs to earth to try and save the colonies from the threat that is to soon come. these mechs, known as gundams, fight oz and try to regain peace in the colonies as oz takes the front-stage, completely eliminating the alliance and taking control of earth and its colonies.gundam wing as i previously stated, is probably the most enjoyable gundam series to watch in my opinion. a large part of this reason is the difference between this series and any other gundam series before it, but also the stories are far more deep and intricate than majority of the other gundam series. gundam wing has more depth and emotion to it than any other gundam show i have ever seen thus far. this particular series seemed to focus more on character and the relationships amongst those characters than epic space battle. now don't get me wrong, this show still has many epic battles within it, and the show still maintains the epic atmosphere that other gundam series have, but it achieves this by having the story follow an ensemble cast of 6 or 7 characters as opposed to following just 1.no matter how you look at it this is truly one of the most unique and enjoyable gundam series out there, and i strongly recommend it to any fan of anime, or sci-fi in general. the show sports some amazing animation and superb action, but the depth and intricacy of the story is what keeps you coming back for more. the characters are so well drawn out by the end of the show that you end up loving each and every one of them. this show is definitely one that shouldn't be missed.a perfect 10/10!

i'm not a big fan of most anime, but gundam wing is truly something else. gundam wing lacks all of that stereotypical melodrama that you might think of when you think of anime, since the number of jokes made over the 17 hours would only be in the double digits, gundam wing gets right down to business. gundam wing is as much of a political thriller as it is an action series. large parts focus on the diplomatic dealings of a war, not only the battles. though battle animation lacks extreme detail in cases where it would just be a pain to animate, individual duels between gundams are almost pieces of art considering the animated use of complex mechanics and rapid movements. to my knowledge, this 49 episode plus one movie series was picked up by cartoon network in 2000, and then professionally dubbed by them too. the dubbing is simply flawless. not only does every word said match up, but the voices use truly make the characters much more believable. many believe that it is best to watch anime with subs in english, but i simply don't have the determination to do that. not only are the voices good, but the score used over the series is quite impressive. i'll just say it left me scouring the net in vain to find a soundtrack. the plot of this series is what will truly hook viewers, and no, not hook you like some prime time drama like lost which was only made for the purpose of hooking you. explaining the plot deeply would lead to many spoilers, since many of the characters do not even have names until quite a few episodes into the series. the rough idea of the series is that earth and its now independent space colonies are having difficulty maintaining peace. thus a war is started, leading to military coups and elaborate diplomatic situations. i feel that any more detail would begin to give away information, which is crucial to the plot. i'll end here saying that this series is great for anyone that likes anime, anyone that thinks all anime is stupid (they have good reason to think so), and anyone looking to get into anime with a serious tone to it.

gundam wing is a fun show. i appreciate it for getting me into gundam and anime in general. however, after watching its predecessors, such as mobile suit gundam, zeta gundam, and even g gundam, i find wing to be gundam lite.characters: an aspect long held by gundam is to have their characters thrust into difficulties and grow into maturity. this does not happen in wing. heero is top dog at the beginning, and he's top dog at the end. personalities do not change, growth is never achieved. the best character is zechs, who is for all intents and purposes a hero throughout most of the series. but suddenly the series betrays him and turns him into a villain for no apparent reason.mecha: wing has great suit designs. the gundams are super cool, with the epyon being my favorite. i even consider a few of the oz suit designs to be on par with some of the classic zeon suits. but sweet suit designs doesn't quite save the series from boring characters.conclusion: in the end, wing has cool fight scenes, though riddled with recycled animation, but shallow plot and character development. enjoyable, but not moving like previous gundam outings.

since the title is in english and imdb lists this show's primary language as english, i shall concentrate on reviewing the english version of gundam wing(2000) as presented in the bandai released dvd set. my actual review for the whole series is under imdb's entry of ""shin kidô senki gundam w"(1995).very little is changed in respect to plot, script and characterization its adaptation to english and it really depends on your own taste to choose which language to watch this show in. purists can stick to japanese all they want, but for a more "realistic" experience i recommend the english track since all the characters, except heero yuy, are not japanese.(most of them are caucasian in fact with a couple of non-japanese asians.) for one thing, the characters' personalities come across more "directly" than in the japanese version. the contrast between the characters is stronger thanks to some give-or-take performances but a very well cast group of actors.wing gundam's pilot heero yuy is a highly trained soldier who suppresses his emotions but slowly learns the value of his humanity. voiced by mark hildreth who's deadpan delivery can be criticized as "bad acting" but it matches heero's personality very well.deathscythe gundam's duo maxwell, ever cheerful in the face of death is given a crash course in the cherishing the value of life and friends. he is possibly the best acted character in the whole show, masterfully played by scott mcneil. he may sound a little too old for his age, but duo's english voice easily out ranks his irritatingly nasal japanese one.trowa, the pilot of heavyarms, is a lost lonely soul who's only purpose so far has been combat; despite his inner desire to form connections with the people around him, he only knows how to kill, not to befriend. kirby morrow gives a somber but realistic performance as trowa barton.quatre rebarba winner is voiced by brad swaile who has no trouble brining out the caring nature of the character and the shattering of his innocence as he experiences horrors of war and death first hand. a huge plus point is that quatre no longer sounds like a girl(and yes he is voiced by a female actress in the japanese version) but a bona fide typical 15 year old guy.the impulsive but determined wufei chang voiced by ted cole may seem a little over-the-top but it plays out in stark contrast to the more subdued roles of heero and trowa.relena darlian sounds older in english, voiced by lisa ann bailey. this might not sit well with her youthful personification early in the series but as her character matures later into the story, her voice follows suit and ends up fitting in very well with the character development.zechs merquise would be one of the more drastically changed voices when compared to the japanese version. both voices bring out different sides to the same character. his japanese voice is haughty, authoritative and commands respect , keeping in line with his high ranking status and charismatic nature. his english voice by brian drummond is more subdued, sounding more devious and "snake-like", highlighting zechs' secretive nature regarding his hidden agendas and staunch beliefs in his ideals.the members of oz are a mixed bag really. treize kushrenada voiced by david kaye is given a more realistic and down-to-earth performance compared to his larger-than-life japanese style of speaking. however, lady une does not convey her split personality as contrastingly as in the japanese version and lucrencia noin just sounds.........bored most of the time. the cannon fodder pilots and military leaders are nothing to speak of either.i would have appreciated if they took the time to give different characters different accents to reflect their ethnic backgrounds. the maganac corp's voices were generally uninspired but could have been more interesting if they were given middle eastern accents. the members of the romerfeller foundation would have also sounded better with some classy european accent that reflects their status of nobility.despite underwhelming acting from the side characters, the main cast manage to carry the show and it results in an overall less over-the-top and more realistic rendition of gundam wing's script. very faithful to the original japanese script, keeping all the underlying thought provoking ideas and themes about politics, war and human nature. sadly, it also retains the flaws of the original japanese script.

i have just recently purchased collection one of this awesome series and even after just watching three episodes, i still am mesmerized by sleek styling of the animation and the slow, yet thoughtful actions of the story-telling. i am still a fan.....with some minor pains.though this installment into the gundam saga is very cool and has what the previous series had-a stylish satiric way of telling about the wrongs of war and not letting go of the need to have control or power over everything(sound familiar?), i have to say that this one gets a bit too mellow-dramatic on continuing to explain the lives of the main characters and their incessant need to belly-ache about every thing that happens and what they need to do to stop the oz group from succeeding in their plans(especially the character called wufei...i mean he whines more than an american character on a soap opera. get a counselor,will ya?)besides for the over-exaggerated drama(i think that mostly comes from the dubbing of the english voice actors), this series is still very exciting and will still captivate me once again. i mean it can always be worse. it could be like the recent installment, seed......eeeewwww, talk about mellow-dramatic....i'll chat about that one later.

mobile suit gundam wing is the fourth series in the continuing gundam chronicles. unlike the previous entries which focused on massive wars, this one is a little different; instead of having an army-vs.-army situation, this one is led by five teenage boys (due to their ability to blend in more readily than normal adults) and their machines called "gundams" because of the metal alloy used in their construction. which leads to problems, since gundams are supposed to be destroyed, replaced by "mobile suits", which are piloted less-destructive weapon platforms and "dolls" which are ran on a.i. and are used as grunt infantry.the whole point of the series is a metaphysical question that gives gundam wing an edge over a greater portion of the anime that makes it's way here. especially since most anime is adapted from popular magazines, such as naruto, dragonball, one piece, dragonball z and inuyasha which are all from shonen jump, which is now available in america.mobile suit gundam wing sets itself apart from most anime in the fact that instead of over-the-top battles between mortals who more resemble gods, gundam is very humanistic and seems to revel in the fact that it is dramatic instead of melodramatic and events seem to unfold across the series gracefully. normally in anime there are more than few series that think that the best way to go about having a "small" battle is to have it take a half-hour - something that would never happen in real life. gundam tops this by making sure that everyone knows that characters will die, machines will be destroyed and rebuilt, battles will be lost and won, and it never seems as though it makes the actions themselves satirical.but the magic of gundam wing is in the details, and what this series has that more anime would be grateful for having. emotion. instead of mythic prophecies, magic, or overblown martial arts, gundam wing is hard-line science fiction from a country that hates hard-line science fiction. (note: the author would like to state that neon genesis evangelion is not hard-line-plausible-in-real-life science fiction due to the religious subject matter that is the core of its series) they love star wars, but hate a.i. (the movie). henceforth why gundam wing was and gundam seed is now in production for both japanese and u.s. releases at the same time with two voice teams. american audiences only have to wait two or three weeks after the end of the japanese season to catch the dubbed or subtitled versions or even the edited seed episodes that air on cartoon network.the emotion is that these two sides that are fighting a war are technically backwards. the heroes are those who defend the rights of the more wealthy and aristocratic citizens of earth from the band of terrorists bent on victory at any and all costs that make up the protagonists of mobile suit gundam wing. this is not war, this is "total war". every person, every building, every street is a target for attack, both on earth and off.my only complaint, and the reason it didn't get the score of ten, is that at about three-fourths of the way through, it just kind of goes dead for a few episodes, and no one really seems to change. kind of like a present-time flashback, which is fine due to what it reveals about the characters, but at the same time it drags down what should be the brewing between project: meteor and oz. but the final two episodes and the overplayed-on-cartoon-network (back in 2001-2003) mobile suit gundam wing: endless waltz movie more than make up for the slack.

dear readers,with high expectations, human beings leave earth to begin a new life in space colonies. however, the allied forces of the united earth sphere alliance gain great military control over the colonies and soon seize one colony after another in the name of justice and peace...the year is after colony 195. operation meteor. in a move to counter the alliance's tyranny, rebel forces from several colonies send new arsenals to earth disguised as shooting stars...however...the alliance forces catch on...gundam wing is the most popular and most successful of the entire gundam series. with cutting-edge anime animation, stunning action, amazing mobile suits, breathtaking scripts, and some of the most unforgettable characters in anime history.i'll try to explain the plot of gundam wing as best as possible. earth has now colonized space, but the uesa forces have forcibly occupied them along with the help of the mysterious elite force oz and their shadowy leaders, treize kushrenada and the romefeller foundation. five pilots are sent to earth piloting mobile suits with extraordinary power known as the gundams. pursued by the mysterious lieutenant zechs merquise, treize's second-in-command, a young teenager named relena, and the alliance military, the gundam pilots unleash hell upon earth for the freedom of the colonies while all the while, a plot most sinister architected by treize begins to start.signed, the constant dvd collector

*** spoilers*my dad had taped this movie for me when i was 3. by age 5, i had watched it over 400 times. i just watched it and watched it. and i still do today! it has a grim storyline, a lamb's mother is killed by a wolf--a very emotional scene--and wants to become a wolf, like him. after years of training, the lamb is made into a really really evil looking thing. he and the wolf travel to his old barn, but he cannot kill the lambs, no matter how much he wishes to. he ends up killing the wolf, but is no longer seen as a lamb by his former friends, and can't return to his previous way of life.the art is beautiful, the songs are..well, okay, and the voice acting is better than some things today.all in all, you just *have* to see this movie, it is a great masterpiece. although, it's very hard to find today.

in a not so conventional sense of the word.this movie was one of my favorites as a young child, and i just recently remembered it, and thought to look it up. while many of the details are no longer clear in my mind, the overall feeling that the movie gave me has stuck with me over the years.if parents feel that their children can handle mature and sometimes violent themes, then i highly recommend this movie. it taught me a lot about life and death, and brought forth in me a lot of emotion. to this day, it remains one of my favorite films.

i saw this movie as a child and it broke my heart! no other story had such a unfinished ending... i grew up on many great anime movies and this was one of my favourites, because it was so unusual - a story about unfairness, and cruelty, and loneliness, and life, and choices that can't be undone, and the need for others. chirin is made alone when the wolf kills his mother, but the wolf is alone, too, when chirin follows him into the mountain. the wolf doesn't kill the lamb, even though each night he says "maybe i'll eat you tomorrow." the tape of it i have is broken and degraded from age and use. i will repair it and watch the movie again someday and cry just as hard as i did as a child. stories like this, with this depth and feeling, and this intricacy of meaning, are very rare. it is a sad story, but i've never encountered any catharsis more beautifully made. i am glad i have seen this movie, and i'm glad i saw it as a child.

watching this several times as a child was quite the experience 15 years ago, and now that i've found it again it still has a film experience like few others. if risky, it's a great display of morals and life lessons recommended for family viewing with young kids. while it still holds up as an adult, i was fortunate to have learned from it many times over years ago. trying to find it today is hard enough . . . but believe me it is well worth it no matter what the age. anime fans especially will find this a great entry to masami hata's filmography. with impressive art work and unique designs, "chirin no suzu" represents a worthwhile experience. while some of the lyrical songs are not so hot when recorded in english, the musical score is nevertheless captivating. but even the voice acting is far better than much released today. unfortunately is went out of print in the mid-1980s from rca columbia home video, and has not received any new format release to my knowledge, at least in the us. look hard for it and you will be quite satisfied! it's an artful, intense, enjoyable, and important landmark in japanese animation.

lupin sets off for morocco, looking for a legendary treasure. his only clue is an interesting jewel that an old man gave him. it's a nice different location for lupin, with the desert and that hot exotic feel.one interesting thing about this movie is that jigen has a much smaller role than usual, generally being in a different place than lupin. on one hand their classic dynamic together is missed, but it is a change of pace. plus, this way, lupin can focus on the ladies...fujiko rules in this. throughout the entire feature she is seducing lupin, and us viewers. then there's lara, the damsel of this particular tale, and she's quite likable. this one has more nudity than any other lupin anime, which is a fun distinction to have.there's a very entertaining effeminate ninja guy who's the best villain in this, and naturally he has some great fighting with goemon, as well as some fun scenes with fujiko. inspector zenigata of course is also on a warpath here, in fine form.pretty much, this is a smooth ride with lupin. the plot is average and there are some slow spots, but all in all this movie is a real pleasure. enjoy.

this movie is more lupin then most, especially coming from funimation. other then the bad dub, it isn't bad.the first hour is a lot like the comic (which is what all lupin the 3rd stuff is based on). lupin's trying to get a huge treasure. fujiko's using lupin's weakness to women to try to get something out of it. the last bit isn't that bad, he's with another women, but of course fujiko's still him number one.a lot of the other lupin movies are more family with cuss words then lupin. any good lupin fan i think will be pleasantly surprised (i know i was after hearing so many bad things about this movie). it might be a bit better without the little animations rolling during the credits (they make it a little mushy) but overall, it isn't a bad film. good enough to be one of the few i'd watch again of the lupin iii movies.

tis is a farly typical tom and jerry short-a situation is designed, conflict arises and mayhem ensues. the characters behave in appropriate ways, the natural tensions between various characters leads to general chaos. the best (and funniest) part is when the peace treaty is in force and respected-all sorts of strange wonders appear before your eyes. a word of warning-it is most unwise to allow tom to help you perform your morning cleansing routine! highly recommended.

without being one of my favorites, this is good for being a change of pace... even if only for a few minutes.it all starts with a big fight between tom, jerry and spike (who is renamed "butch" here). they're all beating each other, but suddenly spike makes a heroic and admirable decision: he stops the fight and suggests that they all should be friends. so, all of them sign a peace treaty and become friends... which isn't going to last for long.meanwhile, the three become affectionate, patient and kind to each other. they even save each other when one of them is in danger of life. the relationship goes nothing but excellent, until a very big steak appears and they all become greedy. the three are guilty to return to their usual fights and rivalries.but still... to see tom, jerry and spike as friends is truly a delightful and grateful experience, even if only for a while.oh, by the way, as a curious fact, two songs from "the wizard of oz" are played here in instrumental versions: "we're off to see the wizard" and "somewhere over the rainbow".

tom the cat, jerry the mouse, and spike the dog (here called butch, his third name, his second being 'killer') decide to sign a peace treaty to all love each other. it's weird and a bit unnatural seeing them all buddy buddy like this and their friend's seem to think so too. but by the end thanks to a disagreement over a steak, everything is back to normal and all is how it should be. this short is the second one of three on the new spotlight dvd to be edited and i have no clue why this one was. this cartoon can be found on disc one of the spotlight collection dvd of "tom & jerry" my grade: b

this film seems to be well remembered as the time tom & jerry signed a peace treaty. things are idyllic for a time but, predictably, it goes sour. probably the most memorable moment was the endless fight involving a pipe, a frying pan, and a baseball bat that the two plus butch the dog engage in at the beginning and end of the short. i enjoyed one a bunch and you should try to catch it on cartoon network.

butch the peacemaker? evidently. after the violent beginning with spike, tom and jerry all swinging away at each other, butch calls a halt and wants to know why. it's a good question."cats can get along with dogs, can't they?" he asks tom, who nods his head in agreement. "mice can get along with cats, right?" jerry nods "no," and then sees that isn't the right answer.they go inside and butch draws up a "peace treaty" (complete with professional artwork!). most of the rest, and the bulk of the cartoon, is the three of them being extremely nice to one another what a refreshing change-of-pace. i found it fun to watch. i can a million of these cartoons in which every beats each other over the head.anyway, you knew the peace wasn't going to last. a big piece of steak spells the death of the "peace treaty" but en route it was nice change and still had some of usual tom & jerry clever humor.

metro-goldwyn-mayer is a very lost player in the short cartoon market. this market is essentially dominated by the looney tunes and the merry melodies shorts, coming from warner bros. but mgm is also able of releasing hidden gems, like "to spring", an astonishing story about the most beautiful season of the year.in the environment depicted here, spring isn't caused by natural cycles, but is fabricated. and by who? by little male elves who live below ground. each spring, when the snow begins to melt, they start working. they begin by felling rainbow rock columns, then reducing them to rubble and using this rubble to turn it into color fluids, which will be moved up to the ground and bearing grass, flowers... in other words, spring! the first half of the cartoon depicts spring's fabrication, but the second part is a little bit different. old man winter comes back and he tries to extend winter by destroying the elves' work. so from this point, we assist to a battle between the elves and old man winter.the music heard here is deliciously wonderful. the melodic parts stick in the head like an ink spot on a paper sheet. the second part melodies are thrilling and they perfectly fit with the action. this is just fantastico, giorgio! the animation sequences are also a delight. the colors are well mixed and every little detail is shown into a massive, epic environment. the concept itself is brilliant. the elves are attracting characters, so is old man winter, who effectively portrays the cold and ruthless feelings of the white season.there's also a strong message included here. the battle seems lost for the elves at the end, until a single late arriving elf jump into the action and it leads to the elves' victory over winter. so the point is: only one single person can make the difference.in conclusion, "to spring" is a remarkable lost classic from short cartoon era. what is even more remarkable is that this cartoon's director made his debut here. and who is "to spring"'s director? it's a certain william hanna...

this cartoon is short on plot, but is a visually stunning piece of work. there will be very, very minor spoilers: this short has a "story" that's incredibly slight-gnomes underground are responsible for the return of spring each year, yet must contend with a winter not yet ready to withdraw. both the gnomes and the storm have their own songs. that's pretty much the plot, such as it is. but this cartoon isn't about the plot-it's about the color and animation. the visuals are exceptional. back in 1936, such bright color was still something of a novelty and there's some incredibly inspired work here.my favorite moments of the short surround the movement of the liquefied colors through pipes. at more than one point, there are a series of pipes aligned in a row, from the shortest to the tallest and the colors move through the pipes and the musical track makes it seem as though the row is a pipe organ.the visuals of the battle between the emerging greenery and the winter storm which refuses to leave quietly are exceedingly well executed. these types of shorts were things which hugh harman and rudolf ising are noted for, but they probably also helped lead to their ultimate departure from mgm, because this cartoon probably went over budget and mgm finally decided that they could control costs better if the animation department were managed by someone a little more conscious of cost than harman and ising were.this is truly a beautiful cartoon and is well worth seeing. it's available on the dvd attack of the '30s characters. recommended, particularly if you like good animation.

this movie is full of references. like "mad max ii", "the wild one" and many others. the ladybug´s face it´s a clear reference (or tribute) to peter lorre. this movie is a masterpiece. we´ll talk much more about in the future.

to quote flik, that was my reaction exactly: wow...you're perfect! this is the best movie! i think i can even say it's become my favorite movie ever, even. wow. i tell you what, wow.

this movie is by far the cutest i have seen in a long time! wonderful animation and adorable characters (even the bad guys were cute!) made this one a total winner in my book, and also in the books of those i saw it with. i still want to see it again, but haven't had time. better than toy story, which was good too, but not this good .

i thought this was a quiet good movie. it was fun to watch it. what i liked best where the 'outtakes' at the end of the movie. they were great.

i have to admit right off the top, i'm not a big fan of "family" films these days. most of them, imho, are sentimental crap. but this one, like toy story, the previous film from pixar, is a lot of fun. the two lead characters were perhaps a bit too bland(especially compared to the two leads in antz, but otherwise this film is better), but the rest of the film more than made up for it. the animation looked great, the humor, though broad, was consistently good(i especially liked hopper's line "if i hadn't promised mother on her deathbed that i wouldn't kill you, i would kill you!"), and the actors doing the voices, except the two leads, were all terrific(denis leary doing an animated movie; what a concept). and like everyone else, i loved the outtakes! i hope the video has the new ones.

this movie blew me away. if you can see only one of the animated bug movies this year see this one instead of antz. the plot, characters, and jokes are better in a bugs life. also when you go stay in your seat until the end of the credits. it's the best part of the movie. rating 9

i was amazed at the improvements made in an animated film. if you sit close to the screen, you will see the detail in the grass and surface structures. the detail, colors, and shading are at least an order of magnitude better than toy story. how they were able to pull off the shading, i will never know. i do hope that pixar will provide a documentary on how the film was produced so i can find out how all this was accomplished. based on this film, i think animated films of the future will be judged on the basis of this film.

all of you who despaired looking at the emptiness and weaknesses of disney studios' last productions, here comes something that should heal your wounds... once and for all, a bug's life brings the proof that purely synthetic pictures conducting a good scenario provides more interest than fake "hand-made-old-disneys-like" drawings (see the lion king, pocahontas, and all the latest productions where you sadly regret that bambi's magical background and atmosphere are gone forever).a bug's life (1001 pattes for my fellow french cinemaniaks !) succeeds in avoiding all the imperfections that make you awaken in the middle of the movie and say "hey, this thing is computer generated !". no weak parts, a tremendous effort showing its efficiency in the backgrounds and the general look of the sets, an astonishing 3d bird (close to perfection in its imitation of reality)... and that's only to mention the technical aspects.the scenario, my friends, the real backbone of a motion picture, has some thickness ! curiously, and obviously thanks to lasseter's team, there is practically no musical sequence in a bug's life. which means the story is long and rich enough to free itself from these 3 or 4 minutes that some kids appreciate, but most others dislike (same thing for the parents or the anime fans, like me). this movie reminded me of a really old movie featuring steve martin and chevy chase : the 3 amigos ; it had basically the same background story (a whole mexican village living in the fear of a few bad guys hires gunmen (who finally turn to be actors) to protect them, etc...). simple, but efficient, and brilliantly adapted to a colony of frightened ants facing the wrath of vicious insects.since microcosmos, many movies tell tales of insects, their lives, fears and hopes, but i do think that a bug's life is the funniest and best directed of all. the humanisation process has been perfectly well achieved... and the whole audience was captivated by flik's (aka tilt in france) adventures.a big thank you for lasseter's team, especially for the last 30 seconds... it's so strange and great at the same time to see a whole theater caught in laughter while the bugs/actors forget their lines or hit the camera...and finally, especially for those of you who have seen the french version, other congratulations go to the dubbing actors who made a great synchro work on this movie. a bug's life is a really good piece of entertainment, and i think it will soon become part of my collection of videos (a privilege granted to extremely few movies, and that's not a problem of storage room :). go and see it, that's an order.

disney (and the wonderful folks at pixar of course) offer a nice, humourous story combined with the best of computer animation. i admit that maybe the 'faces' of the bugs were a little more static than in 'antz' and they only had four legs (in 'antz' six...). but backgrounds were superb and animation was breathtaking. but let this be a lesson: it was not the computer who made it such a success : it was the man behind the machine, who added the nice little twists, which i missed in 'antz'. some highlights were of course the 'bloopers' at the end (so keep watching at the end, it's worth it!), which were highly amusing and original. the line 'filmed entirely on location' was intended for the more attentive viewer.

for starters, it's a very funny movie with a few crazy characters running around that are bound to make laugh (check out the two russian bugs).a bug's life has a classical disney storyline, but that's one of the good things about the movie. family values are praised and the main characters of the film undergo some evolution in order to stand up against the grasshoppers in the end. and it also has a couple of great voice-overs by dave foley, julia-louise dreyfus, kevin spacey (of course),... but actually, the most amazing thing about this movie is the animation. it's just wonderful. all the details, great colors, every ant looks different, beautiful backgrounds... and the guys and girls at pixar made it all look so realistic. all in all, a very nice piece of work. this is the best animation by disney since aladdin.

the animation was fab and the film funny. the two circus bugs, tuck/roll were very funny. if you waited till the credits at the end, you saw a very funny sequence of film, where they showed the bugs pretending to do things wrong like in other movies, that was clever as it made the characters more human and beliveable.

a must see by all - if you have to borrow your neighbors kid to see this one. easily one of the best animation/cartoons released in a long-time. it took the the movies antz to a whole new level. do not mistake the two as being the same movie - although in principle the movies plot is similiar. just go and enjoy.

i liked antz, but loved "a bug's life". the animation that was put into this paid off. i will definitely be getting this on dvd. by the way, disney should make a widescreen version of this movie on tape. (i heard talk of squishing all of the characters into the screen on the standard video format). most will have to agree that the ending credits were the funniest! i only saw one of the two sets, but i can't wat to see the other one!

now this is what a family movie should be! there are few films of recent years that have been targeted at families or children that really are worthy of their viewing public; but this is one of them. my whole family came away from the film, awed, entertained, dazzled, and happy. we're still quoting little anecdotes from it here and there. the children loved it and so did we (hubbie and i are 36 and 32, respectively)!apart from its beautiful and striking animation, the characters (small as they may be, and imaginary as they are) are very well developed. there isn't one of them that you cannot empathize with. the personalities bringing these little creatures to life are well casted voice talents, combined with the skill and artistry of some of disney's best animators. this is a film worthy of walt disney, himself. i think mr. disney would heartily approve of this new film... flick, dot and their fellow band of tiny heroes may become as popular as mickey and minnie in our time.this is one the family leaves the theatre wanting to see again.. and buy to own on video or dvd. i'm eager to see it again.. to pick up what i might have missed the first time. (never have i seen my children so quickly and vividly identify with and embrace characters before... my daughter is still talking about little "dot".)this film is funny, heartwarming, clever and great fun for the whole family!

bugs life is a good film. but to me, it doesn't really compare to movies like toy story and stuff. don't get me wrong, i liked this movie, but it wasn't as good as toy story. the film has the visuals, the laughs, and others that toy story had. but the film didn't feel quite as... i don't know, but i thought it was still a pretty good film. a bugs life... i don't want to say this, is a film that i don't remember. i saw it years ago. of course, i haven't seen toy story in years, but i still remember it. i shouldn't have reviewed this film, but i am. i am giving it a thumbs up, though it's not exactly the best work pixar has done.a bug's life:***/****

pixar has had massive success over the years with the full-length cgi animated movies they have made. "a bug's life" was the second of a whole bunch of features they have made so far, preceded by the company's feature-length debut, the groundbreaking "toy story", which was the first ever feature-length cgi movie. i remember when this follow-up was heavily advertised around the time of its release in the late 1990's, but i never actually saw it until november 2006. i watched it twice that month, and over three years later, i have seen it a third time. it has never impressed me as much as probably any other pixar film i've ever seen, but after three viewings, i still think it's better than some of the films i've seen from dreamworks animation.ant island is the home of a colony of ants. these ants are forced to gather food for a gang of grasshoppers who come and take it every year. one member of this colony is flik, an inventor with a bad reputation for causing trouble with his inventions, even though he doesn't mean to. one year, when the colony has just finished preparing the annual offering, flik accidentally knocks it into a stream just before the grasshoppers arrive to get it! the grasshopper leader, hopper, decides to give them a second chance to gather food and have it ready by the end of the season, but they will have to double their offering! flik suggests to the colony's royal council that he goes and finds "warrior bugs" to fight off the grasshoppers when they come back. princess atta, the future queen, lets him go on this mission just so he won't be around to cause trouble while the colony tries to gather food for another offering. the inventor finds a group of bugs which he thinks are warriors, but after he takes them back to ant island and introduces them, he learns that they are actually not warriors, but circus bugs!the main reason why this second pixar feature has never absolutely astounded me might be the characters. to me, none of them have ever really stood out as much as they could have, and generally seem a bit bland. fortunately, however, it's not like "shark tale", a film with a very idiotic and unlikable lead character. "a bug's life" does have a likable enough main character, one which viewers can root for. the story also seems somewhat bland at times, but for the most part, it's good enough to keep the film at least moderately entertaining, and sometimes has some good suspense, especially later on. the humour, like certain other aspects of the film, isn't as good as it could have been, but there are definitely funny moments, some of them involving francis, a male ladybug who is sometimes mistaken for a female. you can always expect great animation from pixar, and the animation in this particular effort of theirs is no exception. with all this movie has to offer, it may be slightly disappointing when it comes to pixar standards, but it is reasonable family entertainment.

a bug's life is a very good animated feature. this movie is for younger children, but it is also a great movie for people my age. the story is about an ant named flik. he brought havoc onto his colony when he destroyed the food that were for the superior grasshoppers. he gets banished and he must find bigger bugs to fix the mess. this movie is a classic because it is a good movie and it is a pixar movie. the animation is brilliant especially for the late 90's. the story is good, but a little more detail would be suffice. the voice acting is good as with most animation movies. the music is nice to listen to. nothing special, but it earned an nomination for one of the music categories. overall, this movie struck me as awestruck. this is a good movie for all families. i rate this movie 10/10.

many of the american people would say...what??? to my opening comment. yes i know that my comparison is without doubts an insult for the fans of the master akira kurosawa, but if you analyze this movie, my comment is right. we have the peasant who goes to the town searching for help against a band of grasshoppers who wants to steal the harvest of the village. the great difference is the way that the story takes. our samurais, a band of circus performers as in the original are a very complex mixture of personalities but at the end are what the village needs, heroes. please watch again this incredible movie (the seven samurai, obviously) and find another movies who has stolen the story and tried to get the same magic effect than the masterpiece of akira kurosawa. a tip is the 13th warrior with antonio banderas, michael crichton copied the story to wrote his best seller's, but he didn't found the third foot of the cat.

when watching a bug's life for the first time in a long while, i couldn't help but see the comparisons with last year's happy feet. as far as the main storyline goes, they are very similar, an outcast doing what he can to fit in while also attempting to be special. it just goes to show you how much better that film could have been without its liberal diatribe conclusion. a lot of people disagree with me when i say that i really like pixar's sophomore effort. sure it doesn't manage to capture the splendor of toy story, nor is the animation out of this world. however, the story is top-notch and the characters are wonderful to spend time with. with plenty of laughs and a moral center to boot, i could watch this one just as much as the studio's other classics.there is a lot about finding strength from within to conquer all odds here. between our lead flick needing to keep his self-esteem up to save his colony, the colony needing to open their eyes onto a new way of living for the future, and the circus bugs finding that they are more than just untalented sideshow freaks, everyone evolves into a better bug by the end of the story. even the villain hopper is fully fleshed and menacing for the right reasons. he is not doing it to be mean, but instead understands the fact that the ants outnumber him 100 to 1. he needs them to fear him in order to not have to worry about them finding out the truth. it is very much a circle of life, but not one that can't evolve with the ages.when thinking about the animation, it is actually quite good. compared to antz, the rival film of the time, this is much more realistic and less cartoony. the water is rendered nicely, as is the foliage. you don't have to look much further than the ants' eyes to see how much detail went into the production. the reflections and moistness, despite the smooth exterior, shows the realism. all the bugs are finely crafted too. the flies in the city and the crazy mix of creatures recruited to save the ants are never skimped on, whether for a small role or a more expanded one. it is also in the city that we see the workmanship on the environments. while ant island is nice, it is just the outdoors. bug city contains plenty of garbage doubling as buildings and clubs. it is a great showing of humor and inventiveness to see what the animators used for everything. from the ice cube trays as circus stands, the animal crackers box as circus wagon—complete with full nutrition guide on the side—and crazy compilation of boxes to create a times square of billboards and facades, everything is done right.as far as much of the humor, you have to credit the acting talent for wonderful delivery and inspired role choices. no one could do a male ladybug better than dennis leary with his acerbic wit. i dare you to think of someone better. our leads are great too with dave foley as flick and julia louis-dreyfus as princess atta, as well as the always-fantastic kevin spacey as hopper. spacey not only steals many scenes from the movie, but also takes center stage in the bloopers during the credits. yes, a bug's life was the originator of animated outtakes from pixar, a tradition that has continued on. with many tongue-in-cheek bug jokes laced throughout, you also have to give props to the huge supporting cast. full of "those guy actors," it is people like richard kind, brad garrett, and the late joe ranft as heimlich the worm who bring the biggest laughs.overall, it may be the simplest story brought to screen by pixar, one that has been told in one form or the other numerous times over the years, but it is inspired enough and fresh enough to deliver an enjoyable experience. there are joyous moments, sad times, and even action packed scenes of suspense with birds coming in to join the fun. complete with a couple of my favorite pixar characters, tuck and roll, there isn't too much bad that i can think of saying about it.

lately i have been watching a lot of tom hanks films and old chaplin films and even some of rowan atkinson's early bean performances, and it seems that all of them have their own unique charm that permeates throughout their work, something that allows them to identify with audience members of all ages, in a way that just makes you feel good. a bug's life has that same charm, it has a connection with real life that allows us to easily suspend disbelief and accept a lot of talking insects, because even though they talk, they still act just like real bugs. it's like the team that made the movie found a way to bring us into the mind of a child and allow us to think like them, to imagine bugs the way a young mind does.honey, i shrunk the kids was one of my favorite films when i was younger, and to me, a bug's life is like a more realistic version of that movie, if only because the animation is so breathtaking and this style of story-telling just opens up so many more narrative possibilities. i try not to compare it to something like toy story (which i still maintain is the best computer animated film ever made), because the story of a bug's life is not quite as good as toy story's, but then again, almost nothing is. the important thing is that it is still wonderful fun. the story concerns a colony of hard working bugs who have an impressively developed society, mostly geared around building a harvest of food, most of which will go to the tyrannical grasshoppers, vastly superior in strength and general meanness, and hopefully still leave enough left over for the bugs to make it through the winter. we are treated to some visits from the grasshoppers, who make it clear that if the bugs provide an unsatisfactory quantity of food, the consequences will be dire. and incidentally, the similarities between this crippling level of food extraction is strikingly similar to mao tse-tung's vicious forcing of food from his own people during the "great leap forward…"the fun and excitement begins when flik, the main character, sets off on a quest to find a gang of appropriate warrior bugs to come back and help defend the colony against the grasshoppers. you see, he spilled all of the amassed food and placed everyone in great danger, so he feels it's his responsibility, but he inadvertently ends up hiring a struggling group of insect circus performers. great for the audience, not so great for the safety of the clan. the movie was released back in the late 90s, when so many films seemed to have been coming out in twos, like armageddon and deep impact, independence day and the arrival, a bug's life and antz, etc. comparisons between a bug's life and antz are inevitable, although it seems clear to me that a bug's life is by far the superior film, and not only because it doesn't star woody allen stuttering and whining through the lead role. this is great family fun!

when i bought my toy story tape when it came out to video after being released in theaters i saw a trailer for this that said from the creators of toy story. as soon as i saw that i knew this was gonna be a good feature! i was right! a bug's life like toy story is great story, great characters and great animation. my favorite characters are dim the rhino beetle voiced by brad garrett and hemlich the caterpillar voiced by the late pixar storyman joe ranft. my favorite scene is when slim the walking stick (david hyde pierce) lifts up hemlich trying to distract the bird and hemlich's like you hoo mr. early bird. how about a nice tasting worm on a stick and slim's like i'm going to snap! i'm going to snap! i just died laughing at that scene. being a big fan of insects i think a bug's life is my favorite pixar even though i know a lot of people consider it the worst pixar film ever! i don't know how you could hate a pixar film! i think they're all pretty good films! good job pixar!

the movie was totally awesome and cool. the graphics was superb and it was amazing, especially, flik was superb and awesome in the movie and he was funny and he was and sometimes he was intelligent. the circus bugs are colorful and they are superb in the movie. the grasshoppers were also superb and cool in the movie. hopper was a pure and perfect villain. even, dot was cute. when, the bird comes to eat the bugs, that scene was superb and good. even, the last scene was awesome and cool. even, flik's inventions was good. building an artificial bird was a good idea to scare away the grasshoppers. when, the ants are building the artificial bird, that scene was good and nice i should really appreciate the creators of "a bug's life".

such a joyous world has been created for us in pixar's a bug's life; we're immersed in a universe which could only be documented this enjoyably on film, but more precisely a universe which could only be documented through the world of animation. for those who have forgotten what a plentiful and exuberant world animation can offer – when it's in the right hands that is – a bug's life is a warm reminder. we walk out of the film with an equally-warm feeling, and a sense of satisfaction derivative of only high-calibre film productions.it is only pixar's second animated feature. the sub-group of disney made their spectacular debut and perhaps entirely inadvertent mark on the film world three years prior in 1995, with their landmark movie toy story. it was a movie which defied convention, re-invented and breathed new life into animation and defined a whole new level of excellence. now, they return with their sophomore effort which, to be honest, draws a creeping sense of cynicism in us all prior to seeing the film.after all, it's a film about ants. well, all walks of the insect and bug world are covered in a bug's life, but it is the ant which is the focal point in this film, as humans are the focal point in dramas, romances and so on. how can such an insignificant species of animal such as an ant act as the protagonist of a movie, let alone provide the entire premise of a feature film? surely they jest. however, we forget that in toy story, a bunch of toy-box items were able to become the grandest, most inspiring and lovable bunch of animated heroes and villains ever concocted. the guys at pixar manage to pull off the same feat, and manage to turn a bunch of dirty and miniscule bugs into the most endearing and pleasant gang of vermin you'll probably ever encounter.not only are they all entirely amiable and likable – there isn't an unpleasant character in sight; even the villains are riveting characters – but they're colourful, they're eclectic, and they're idiosyncratic. and the array of characters is also gargantuan for lack of a better term, only adding the rich layers of distinctiveness already plastered onto a bug's life from the beginning. we shall start with our main character, and our hero. his name is flik (david foley), and his character is rather generic to say the least. out of the thousands of faithful and obedient worker ants residing on the lush, beautiful ant island, he is the one considered the 'black sheep' of the clan, as seen in the opening moments of the movie when he inadvertently destroys the season's harvest with his antics.the problem arises in the fact that the ants' harvest is for a bunch of greedy grasshoppers led by hopper (kevin spacey), who are eager to continue to assert their wrath and autocracy amongst the puny little ants; when they show up to ant island for their annual banquet and see that their offering is gone, they go insane, for lack of a better term. hopper offers a proposition to save the ants from total extinction at his pack's hands; however, it's a negotiation which is simply impossible to fulfil. the cogs and clockwork in flik's mind run at full steam now despite his guilt and shame, and he offers to leave ant island in search of some mighty bug warriors who can come to the colony's rescue and fight off hopper and the grasshoppers.if you think about it, a bug's life bears some heavy resemblance to the plot line's of akira kurosawa's classic seven samurai, or the american remake the magnificent seven, in which a village of hapless but good-hearted folk are threatened by malevolent and wicked enemies – one lone village-dweller goes in search for help in the big city, finds it and returns to the colony to drive off evil. in a bug's life, the help comes in the form of a down-and-out circus troupe who is mistakenly perceived by flik as warriors in a bar-room brawl.much amusement comes out of these scenes, and much amusement comes out of these circus troupe bugs. among them are an erudite stick insect (david hyde pierce), a side-splitting obese german caterpillar by the name of heimlich and a quasi-femme fatale ladybug who's in fact a gritty and masculine ladybug (dennis hopper). it's exceedingly enjoyable watching these bugs on-screen, as it is watching the bugs and the insects interact on-screen, as is the entire movie collectively.as i've said, much amusement and mirth comes out of their characters and joyous interactions with one another, which give way to a bevy of hilarious lines, wonderfully suspenseful and riveting situations and overall a dazzling movie. what makes a bug's life even better is that the film isn't restricted simply to children as many may perceive it to be, although children would indeed find more entertainment out of this film – the clichéd kid-friendly situations are a bit more abundant than we'd like. however, it's easy to ignore this fault, and it's incredulously easy to enjoy this film.although a bug's life may not reach the dizzying and landmark standards set by its predecessor, this is still a superb movie, and the start of something promising here. pixar have proved that they're not just a one-hit wonder, but instead a much-gifted and talented group of film artists in hollywood. they raise the bar endlessly, and when someone always manages to top their standards, it's only always by themselves. what more is there to say about a bug's life other than: see it; it's not quite the best which we've seen from the folks at emeryville, california, but this beats out the lot of its year – and i'll be damned if this isn't the best animated feature of 1998.8.5/10

you will marvel at the incredibly sophisticated computer animation, and the novelty probably won't wear off on the first, second or third viewing, but you?ll be drawn in by the characters which are so simple yet intriguing, that you may find yourself actually caring for them in an unexpected way, which may or may not make you feel a little childish due to the medium.disney continues to firmly hold the title of "greatest animation in the world", with "a bug?s life" standing as one of their greatest achievements. one of the innovative attachments being the delightful "out-takes" added to the end of the film. the dvd has two sets of these out-takes where as i?m told the vhs cassette has one alternating version per tape. the dvd also features "gerry?s game" which is a delightful little pixar short that was also shown prior to the film in theaters.this is by far the superior insect-film in comparison to dreamworks? "antz", which in all fairness is pretty good, but lacks something in the animation and in the story development and characters. if you look at the star voices of both films, "antz" is largely cast with big name "movie" stars with a few familiar "tv" star voices, where "a bug?s life" is just the opposite, loaded with "tv" stars with kevin spacey as the only stand out exception. but the difference in quality is distinct and obvious.dreamworks can?t be blamed or surprised though, when you go head to head with disney, you have your work cut out for you. this is the kind of film that almost makes me wish i had children to share it with. don?t think for a second that this is just a movie for kids, though.

critically, people say that antz is better. antz is a good film, but i enjoyed bug's life a bit more. i can't remember a pixar animation, other than the two toy story films, that i was laughing so hard. the animation is clean, the story is original and doesn't preach. the voice overs are what make this movie. dave foley is an earnest ant that gets himself into trouble a lot. hopper is a superb characterisation by the always wonderful kevin spacey, as is haydn panettiere as dot . there is also sterling support from dennis leary, david hyde pierce and madeline kahn, and i could go on and on. the script is fantastic, so funny and sometimes even touching. it lacks the social messages of antz, but what we have is rock-solid entertainment. 9/10. bethany cox

a bugs life is a great film that is not just for kids but for adults too. the story is set around a colony of ants and their struggle against the evil grasshoppers who come back every year and steal their food ( a mirror of the magnifiscent seven). there is some wonderfull computer animation and the voices are great too. you will love it!! 8 out of 10

this is a funny film. it has all the usual disney components (music, great range of characters, story, appeal), entwined with superb animation and the excellent voice talents of less well known actors as those in say "antz" and "price of egypt".the characters work really well, and have a strong appeal, and the humour is aimed at a wide level which overcomes generational barriers. the movie is also presented in superb cinemascope format, which adds to the cinema experience.call me crazy, but i have seen the film three times, and i intend on taking more friends to see it this weekend. many skeptics have seen this film on my recommendation and not been disappointed. i work in a multiplex, and i can honestly say that no-one has ever walked out of this movie without a sense of satisfaction.see it, and don't be put off because it is animated. you are sure to enjoy this movie, and make sure you stay for the end credits! the bloopers and out-takes at the end are the funniest part of the film, which is packed with laughs throughout.

there is great detail in a bug's life. everything is covered. the film looks great and the animation is sometimes jaw-dropping. the film isn't too terribly orignal, it's basically a modern take on kurosawa's seven samurai, only with bugs. i enjoyed the character interaction however and the bad guys in this film actually seemed bad. it seems that disney usually makes their bad guys carbon copy cut-outs. the grasshoppers are menacing and hopper, the lead bad guy, was a brillant creation. check this one out.

"a bug's life" is like a favorite candy bar -- it's chock-full of great little bits that add up to something really tasty.the story couldn't have been better; it's clever, has "heart" (emotion), and every character has a nice "arc" (a growth or change). by comparison, the only characters in "toy story" to have an "arc" are buzz, who learns to love being a toy, and woody, who overcomes his resentment of buzz. there are tons of laughs and cute moments in "a bug's life". all of the actors turn in great voice work, and the animation, both the motion and detail, is superb.this serious movie buff doesn't throw around "10"s lightly, but this movie certainly deserves the "10" i gave it.

(originally a response to a movie reviewer who said a bug's life was too much, too fast--he was "dazed and exhausted" by the visuals, and seemed to ignore the story completely)okay, first off, i'm 26 years old, have a job, go to school, and have a fiance'. so maybe i'm nuts and just really good at hiding it...but not only did i not come away from a bug's life exhausted or dazed, it wasn't until i saw it the second time that i could even begin to truly appreciate the artistry and humour of the spectacular visuals--because the first time i went to see this movie, i got so wrapped up in the story and the characters that i forgot that i was supposed to be sitting there being "wowed" by each frame visually. how can you not empathize with flik and his road-to-heck-paved-with-good-intentions life? "heck" indeed, i found myself identifying with that little ant (not to mention some of the other bugs) in a lot more ways than one...and that, in itself, says more to me about what an incredible movie this is than a whole book on its beautiful eye candy. of course, it's beautiful (every blade of grass, the tree, the rain...). of course, what they can do with technology is amazing (you can read their lips! try it!). but this movie is not just a masterpiece of art and tech, not just an dazzling explosion of movement and color. no, a bug's life would be static if it were all that and no story. but, i'm glad to say, it's not! a bug's life has real heart. yes, there's a lot going on, storyline-wise as well as visually, but that's because the story and characters actually have some depth to them! just because it's a kids' movie doesn't mean you should have to turn off your brain at the theatre door--kids are smarter than you think! besides that, i think that the pixar crew made this for themselves, even before their kids...and it shows, in the amount of heart in has. this movie is moving, touching, funny, intriguing, and generally engrossing. the character development in such an ensemble cast is amazing, there's a major amount of character growth, and not just of the main character--so rare in animation and often in movies in general. it doesn't hit you over the head with its points once it's made them--every scene, every frame has a reason in the storyline for being there, and there are no gratuitous shots. not always stating explicitly in words exactly what is going on means subtlety, to me, folks; it means not "dumbing down" your movie and assuming the audience is stupid, which it mostly is not. all i can think is, if you can see a bug's life and not feel anything at all, then you must have never made a big mistake, hurt your friends, had a crush, fallen in love, been frustrated that no one would listen to you, lied to someone you care about, felt like a social misfit, gotten excited over a new idea, come up with a great idea, had what you thought was a great idea backfire, been awkward one moment and confident the next, felt the pressure of responsibility, stood up for yourself and your loved ones, stood alone against the crowd, felt like a failure, felt like a big success, felt the need to make a difference with your life in the lives of others...well, you get the point. final words: a+ rating from me; please, if you're going to see it try to see it in the theatre (pan and scan video is not going to work for this movie); if you loved toy story you'll most likely love this (pixar knows how to make movies with heart); if you do love it see it multiple times or you still won't know what you're missing (the amount of detail and subtlety here is considerable); and whenever you're feeling really low, just pretend it's a seed, okay?

generally, i am not a huge fan of stop-motion films and at first ruka didn't capture my attention. however, knowing that this film was made in the repressive czechoslovakia during the soviet-domination era, the more i watched the film, the more i realized just how subversive this innocent looking little film was. this subtext really made the film come to life and gives it real staying power as both a work of art and a political statement.the sad little film is done without any dialog, but it's pretty clear what is happening. a cute little wooden man is making a clay pot and having a lovely time when suddenly a meddling animated hand appears and destroys the pot--making it into a sculpture of a hand instead. well, the wooden man tries again and again to chase away the hand and do his own thing. however, over time the hand becomes more and more insistent and eventually cages the man. and, by the end, the man is dead thanks to the meddling hand and the hand, in a sign of real hypocrisy, gives the man a hero's funeral! as i said, this film is an obvious attempt by the brave jirí trnka to criticize his domineering government. not surprisingly, though czechs loved the film and gave it critical praise, the state (i.e., the hand) banned this little parable. sadly, trnka did not live to see his nation liberated a little more than two decades later during the co-called "velvet revolution".

my discovery of the cinema of jan svankmajer opened my eyes to a whole tradition of czech animation, of which jirí trnka was a pioneer. his ruka is one of the finest, most technically-impressive animated movies i've ever seen.a potter wakes up and waters his plant. then he goes about making a pot. but in comes the huge hand which crashes the pot and demands that the potter make a statue of itself. he casts the hand out, but soon it returns and imprisons him in a bird cage where he's forced to sculpt a stone hand. he sets about it, fainting from exhaustion, but eventually completes the task.in a marvellous sequence of metacinema, the potter uses a candle to burn his visible puppet strings, which keep him in thrall, and he escapes back home. he shuts himself in and is accidentally killed by his own beloved plant when it falls on his head.this movie doesn't hide the fact it's pure animation, unlike modern movies that strive to be realistic (why?). the hand, for instance, is clearly someone's hand in a glove. everything else is clay. strings are visible and are part of the narrative, making it a precursor of the movie strings. the atmosphere is eerie: that hand going after the little potter managed to instill more dread in me than many horror movies combined.the movie is obvious but it avoids being totally manipulative for its simplicity. it's a fable about artistic freedom and tyranny which can't help winning the heart and mind of anyone who holds freedom as a natural right.

i saw this film when i was a young child on television (thank-you canadian broadcasting corporation) and had nightmares about it for years afterwards.trnka was one of the mentors for bratislav pojar, one of canada's national film board's best animators. pojar was, in turn a mentor and collaborator for the great drouin. if you like trnka you should see "night angel".the symbolism is obvious, but deftly used. the oppositions of beauty and life (the plant) are placed in opposition with the anonymity of the gloved hand. the poor puppet hero is condemned despite a lack of political agenda.what i most remembered was the feeling of oppression in the decor. the small room where the action takes place is the character's entire world. the invasion by the hand is a complete violation of that world.beautiful and haunting film. i found a copy of this and other wonderful shorts by trnka at the public library and showed it to my own kids. a must see.

jiøí trnka made his last animated short an indictment of totalitarism, which caused him trouble in his native czechoslovakia. the elements are few, the symbolisms simple, and his trademark ornaments almost absent here, allowing the viewer to concentrate on the fable. a man in his room dedicates to pottery and to take care of his only plant. but suddenly a huge hand enters the room and orders him to make a statue of itself. the man refuses and he's persecuted by the ominous gloved hand. in these days, where the impression of reality factor seems to be erased from most animations that try to replace the real world, it is refreshing to watch a film, which makes its technique part of the enjoyment.

an absolutely brilliant film! jiri trnka, the master of puppet animation, confronts totalitarianism in this, his final, film. it would be banned by the communist czechoslovakian government (at the time), despite taking the country's highest animation award.in this dark and entertaining short film, an artist attempts to create a new pot for his favourite plant. he happily makes his creations while dreaming that his plant will grow to be a beautiful rose. all of a sudden, he here's a knock at the door, and in comes this giant omnipotent hand, that tries to force the artist to make statues in it's likeness. the artist resists as best he can, but he eventually becomes overwhelmed by the constant attempts, by the hand, to force him to conform. he becomes brainwashed; an intellectual zombie. at this point the hand attaches strings to the artist, puts him in a cage, and uses him to make hand statues. all the while glorifying the artist's work and awarding him with medals and honours.the artist's inner lust to be able to express himself freely is what helps him prevail over his indoctrination, and enables him escape his prison, whether it be literal or in his mind, and return to his home where he now must live in constant fear of the wrath of the omnipotent hand. he shuts himself in, thinking he is out of the reach of the almighty hand, but in the process he puts his plant and pot up high, hoping it is out of the reach of the hand, and it ends up falling on his head, killing him. the artist is inevitabally destroyed by his own creation. all because of the constant fear he had to live with once he escaped the hand's strings. once dead, the hand paints the artist as a great person, a national hero. unfortunately not in the circumstances or for the reasons that the artist would like to be remembered.trnka's condemnation of totalitarian society, and their lack of right for free expression is dark, damning and an amazingly animated. it is no wonder the government banned it as this is the sort of media that people admire, and would perhaps even listen to. that was obviously not acceptable. an amazing example of an artists civil disobedience and the impact it can have. and still quite relevant today for many parts of the world, from the us to the middle east. a must see and definite 10 out of 10! talk about going out with a bang!

this cute animated short features two comic icons - betty boop and henry.henry is the bald, slightly portly boy from the comics who never speaks.well here he does speak!he wants to get a puppy from betty boop's pet store, and when he is left to mind the store - some hilarious hijinks ensue.betty sings a song about pets, henry gets in a battle with birds and a monkey, but everything works out in the end.

perhaps in an attempt to find another "hot property" for adaptation, the brothers fleischer thought back to their highly successful foray into the world of the newspaper comic strip with their production of 1933's popeye the sailor (fleischer studios/paramount). although it was a part of the betty boop series, miss b. only made a brief appearance in the short; leaving the rest as a pilot episode for the possible emergence of a full blown series.as is now common knowledge, the gruff, squinty eyed, brawlin' seaman became perhaps the most successful cartoon series ever; outlasting and literally outliving the fleischers and their studio, lasting to this day.returning to king features for another try at luck was no doubt the reason for trying out the very popular henry comic strip character in a betty boop outing; objective being the seeking of another series. the reasoning then surely seemed sound. henry was a most popular feature in the hearst papers' line-up; appearing as both a daily and on sunday's color comics supplement, puck, the comics weekly. you know, "what fools these mortals be!" remember that one, schultz? in viewing the chubby, little, bald boy comic strip 'hero' and his on screen antics, both solo and in tandem with miss betty; we were pleasantly surprised in seeing just how well the character was handled. the story and director dave fleischer both afforded a plethora of comic strip-like situations and sight gags that seemed most appropriate for the character of little henry. these mostly silent vignettes were very important to the animated film in remaining faithful to the printed page; as the henry feature was mostly done in a sort of 4 color 'mime'.in the cartoon, titled betty boop with henry: the funniest living american (fleischer studios/paramount pictures corporation, 1935), we see what is; basically being a one situational exercise; being punctuated with the usual array of dave fleischer's rapid fire, machine gun-like gags. in short, henry spots a puppy in the window of betty boop's pet shop. it is a sort of love at first sight as henry attempts to purchase the little pup dog with the only money he had, to coins in his pocket. he is in formed by miss boop that it would be $2.00 in depression era money to make the purchase. tears appear as the little guy leaves dejectedly.but a reprieve is soon on the horizon as betty asks the boy to mind the store, while she leaves on urgent business. in return for his services, miss betty promises him the little dog in return. of course, they have a deal and betty leaves.getting to the work of cleaning cages and feeding the livestock affords the opportunity for the fleischer crew to fire up a whole new string of gags; this time featuring bird seed, henry's bald pate and push brooms. (but not all at once of course, schultz!) henry's enthusiasm for mass feeding of the store's avian population by first literally seeding his head soon leads to a mass defection of the birds; out of the store to the open street in a mass jail break.betty returns to this sight and expresses her disappointment and anger with henry's temporary custodial care. all bets were off, no doggie for henry. he begins to leave; dejectedly; but soon convinces the proprietress to give him another shot at fixing things up. his head covered with bird seed, he manages to corral all of the little feathered creatures; returning them to their pet store coop. happily, the little fella leaves; but this time he has his own affectionate, little, face licking puppy.undoubetly this was a winning combination. we have the carefree, energy filled, free wheeling of the boy, the kindness of betty and the emotions of the situation and doubtful outcome of the 'boy and his dog' situation. max and dave fleischer had given us a sort of almost minor mini-masterpiece of a surreal comedy short.we were quite surprised that no henry series followed. judging by the fairly faithful treatment of the character, it certainly could have been sustained for some time. at any rate, this teaming was in many ways the best of the betty boop try out pictures. although the first, popeye the sailor (fleischer/paramount, 1933), was the most successful (and barely had any betty boop in it, save for a cameo as a carnival hula dancer); the henry short was much better than the two following king features "tryouts", betty boop and the little king and betty boop and little jimmy, both 1936.poodle schnitz!!

at least for a half hour a week. i haven't been interested in anything on the big 3 networks (abc/cbs/nbc) in years. all of the lions are interesting, although larry can get annoying at times. i really like the middle earth action figures they bring in with hunter. most of the other characters are interesting as well. the sideshow of siegfried and roy is entertaining at times, too. the animation is top notch, and definitely the best cg that has been done on a weekly tv show. usually when they hire big names to star in a show, they're trying to hide a poor script or characters. not entirely true in this show though, there's a couple characters that were weak and improved by the voice acting, but overall the characters stand on their own.this is definitely for 16 and up. there's nothing here that most kids haven't already heard before though, and most of the jokes would probably just fly right over their heads. it's definitely not as crude and edgy as south park, but does bring some of the same "bash everyone" feel to it. one example is that it makes fun of both dick cheney and barbara streisand at the same time in one episode. father of the pride and other dreamworks productions like shrek also feel like the spiritual successors of animaniacs, pinky and the brain, and freakazoid. it's the same type of humor grown up. it may not be as witty as spielberg's classic tv series, but it's still good.i hope that it finishes this season off well, and is renewed for future seasons. otherwise i may never find a reason to watch the big 3 again.

i never saw it on tv but rented the dvd through netflix as soon as i found that it was available. i had high expectations, and was not disappointed. it's funny, and the animation is excellent. that level of quality i would only have expected from feature films, so i'm surprised at some of the bad comments on it. maybe the dvd release had improved animation? one bonus to the dvd is that it was fun to see both versions of the pilot. i'm an adult, and i really appreciate that it is for adults. it isn't only kids who like cute animated characters. it is nowhere near "raunchy" as some have claimed, but i can see where some parents wouldn't want their young children to see it. i'm very disappointed that it was cancelled. i wish they would produce more episodes. or perhaps a movie.

father of the pride is a pleasant surprise: it is funny, witty and features some great voice acting. the show is about the family of a lion who is acting as the attraction of siegfried & roy shows. indeed all of them are stereotypes but that's what makes them so funny. fotp is not a kiddie-cartoon it includes some crude adult humor but in a very mild way. it is full of popculture references and celebrity cameos and most of them are very well executed. i'd say i'll give the show a 7 out of ten because it is nice fairly well executed but not very original, i've seen most of those stereotypes many times before, even in that particular order!

one word: supurrrrb! i don't think i have see anything like this in a long time on network or cable television. watching this show was like taking a breath of fresh air amid tv schedule filled with reality shows and boring re-runs. i have to say i had my reservations. after all, critics were almost unanimous in crying foul and downgrading the show. but when half an hour was over (by the way, thank you, nbc, for running a commercial-free show), i was left with the feeling of instant love, love at first glance, the true love that one feels in his guts. everything about this show screamed excellence.graphics in this show were at least as good as finding nemo and shrek. no small feat considering those movies took years to be developed.cast was marvelous. i am partial to john goodman's voice, but the rest of the team certainly were on par with john. special mention: lisa kudrow's guest appearance. she was on top of the game creating neurotic, pudgy, and lovable panda with a jewish streak in her. (panda from brooklyn? only in this show.) script was funny, with a lot of inside and adult jokes which were sharp, yet not tacky. a note for all parents: this is not for children. this show was never advertised as such, and there's a reason why it's set for 9pm, not 8pm. so if you'd like to complain about "objectionable context", save your breath. adults deserve a comedy made just for them, and father of the pride is it. not everything was perfect. i was a bit puzzled by siegfried and roy's characters. do i sense "stereotype" when it comes to them? yes, they are gay. yes, they are flamboyant. yes, they speak with german accents. but that's yesterday's news. give us something new, something fresh, something funny. putting the old jokes in a new show is definitely the wrong approach. i understand that the creators of this show wanted to use the "star power" that these guys have. that's fine by me. but please don't dwell on something everybody already knows by heart. hopefully, the rest of the show is not going to play the same old record over and over. in general, the show is definitely a must-see-tv. funny, witty, with a few unexpected twists here and there -- there haven't been a comedy this good since seinfeld. i am certainly looking forward to the next episode.

i don't know why some people criticise that show so much.it is a great, funny show - probably not the right material for mainstream prime-time, but still...the family dynamics are funny, and all in all the same you see in most comedy shows. the supporting characters are absolutely hilarious. the plots of the individual episodes and the frequent siegfried & roy jibes are only just above average, but ever so often you have sub-plots or one-liners that make you roll on the floor laughing.this show was well worth the 8 pounds i paid for it.rating: 8/10

"father of the pride " was another of those good shows that unfortunately don't have a very long life . and that is pretty sad ,specially if you consider that almost all the time the worst shows are still on air ( think in "the simple life ") i admit that are many similarities with this show and "the simpsons" ,but despite the similarities ,the show have it own merits . the animation is just adequate ,not incredible ,but is good .the best are the characters . all the animals are very likable and funny , and even sigfried and roy had their moments . the music was good ,i liked many of the songs .even if the show isn't very original ,i think that this had lots of potential .like "mission hill " a show that isn't very famous but i liked a lot , this didn't have the appreciation that it deserved . what a shame .

i had watched as much of the series as i could manage to watch on television, but unfortunately, started a job that got me working evenings. i managed to catch some recordings of it, at least... and, of course, purchased the recently released dvd of the complete series. watching the dvd, you can see that the animation was a bit more crude at first, but they ironed out a fair number of the flaws after the pilot was done. the voices are well suited to the characters, and the writing is excellent. it's rather refreshing to see animation getting back to it's roots by reintroducing adult themes. thing is, with the way society has come in the last century, you need to be a bit more blatant about it by today's standards in order to be recognised as an adult-oriented show. the characters have very realistic personalities and are placed in situations that parallel what we often face in real life. it's your typical sitcom in that regard, but the humor is more like what you'd expect from late night television like a talk show skit or saturday night live... back when snl was actually funny. good job, dreamworks. perhaps you need to work with one of the more liberal networks to keep this series going... and also improve the marketing of merchandise for the series to help defray it's high costs. it's a challenge to do this for a cartoon of a mature nature though. hmm...

father of the pride was the best new show to hit television since family guy. it was yet another masterpiece from the talented people at dreamworks animation. like the simpsons, the show centers around a nuclear family (of white lions, in this case). it also contains many memorable supporting characters including roger the surly orangutan, vincent the italian-american flamingo, the eccentric white tigers blake and victoria, the faux patriotic snout brothers and chutney the elephant. the other stars of the show are the sigfreid and roy. they are incredibly eccentric and do everything in a grandiose manner, making the most mundane activities entertaining. the combination of cute animal characters with very adult dialog and controversial issues (drugs, prejudice, etc) is the source of the program's brilliance.the blame for this show's failure lies with nbc. they opted to broadcast the episodes in no particular order (perhaps being influenced by which guest stars they could promote) rather than the more logical production order. several times, the show was preempted for an extra half-hour of such dreck as the biggest loser (as if 60 minutes of that was not enough)! it is indeed an ill omen for the future of television as art if an original and daring show like this fails while fear factor and american idol dominate.luckily, the complete series was released on dvd and the show now has an opportunity to gain a larger following. 10/10

i love this anime! i was laughing my head off with all of the jokes and the violence (mostly from akane ranma's reluctant but short tempered "fiancee")is so slapstick however ranma does deserve it but he does try his best to make amends...clumsily. the main character ranma goes to china to train only to fall into the cursed jusenkkyo spring and turns into a girl when splashed by cold water. from then on it's pure chaos one after another. among the stand outs are the deranged brother and sister duo of kuno and kodachi, the sexy shampoo, the pervert happosai all causing trouble for our hero/heroine. however it is ranma's selfish father genma who winds up being the culprit for the mess most of the time. if anyone want an anime that's funny, this is the one. it's cuter and better with the japanese dub.

so i consider myself pretty big into the anime scene, with very few shows i simply will not watch.this show, however, i would recommend to anyone.quite possibly the most original series to date, it;s got just about everything i could ask for. a side story, so to speak, about an unconditional love that will not be admitted to, a very blatant comedy, and a very well put together voice acting cast (both japanese and american translation).if not for the terribly funny aspect to it, it would be, just another anime.more or less, as i have noticed, a 'love it or hate it', very few people i have seen introduced to this series will end up with a distaste for it.original to the core, with everything you could ask for in an afternoon, bet the house on this series. i'm ready to assure you that you will enjoy it.

wow... i mean wow this has got to be one of the best story's i've ever had the chance to read/watch. we all know this famous story. two martial artist, a man and his son, go to train in the forbidden cursed springs and while ignoring their warnings they both fall in a spring each. the dad, genma, the spring of drowned panda. and 16 year old ranma, the spring of drowned girl. now with every splash of cold water they turn into the very being titled to the spring they landed in. crazy enough yet? no, thats just the beginning. as if being one of the strongest teenagers to ever exist who turns into a female wasn't enough, ranma has to deal with crazed martial arts teachers and hundreds of insane art styles, an insane high school principle, opponents right and left who have a score to settle with ranma wither it be for messing up their life early on somehow or for "stealling" their loved ones. and speaking of loved ones, i've lost track of how many times a boy or a girl has fallen in love with ranma. and not once has it been his fiancée, akane. and thats just from the first few chapters/episodes of the series.the story itself is amazing. i have never come across something so crazy, so bizarre, so... so... out of this world and yet its so down to earth and believable... i can't even describe it to its fullest. its just a charming story thats so easy to get into. what i like about it is the humor. not once have i laughed out loud this much from a manga, and it doesn't have to try any of the stunts you would catch in simpson's or something of the sort. i could read any part of the comic and i would be laughing from beginning to end. another thing is the characters. ranma, you would think making him too strong would be a set back but nooo... with every little problem the story throws at him he's doing his best just to survive half the time and his personality is that of a foolish young boy it would seem but when worst comes to worst he can be a calculating genius. and to think, of the hundreds of perverts in the show, ranma who hates the idea of perverts all together is considered by everyone in his town, more so by akane, the worst pervert to ever live. his father genma, you would think the father character would blend in to the background right? correct! but whenever he does have some spotlight... he just gives you more reasons to hate him yet at the same love him! you think you know the worst dad ever from an anime? you haven't met genma. ryoga, probably one of ranma's greatest rivals and my favorite character (next to ranma)... and probably one of the only people he can actually stand. most likely the strongest character in the series but has two faults, one is his curse that turns him into a baby pig but his worst fault... is his lack of sense in direction! then we have... you know, i could spend hours at the computer explaining all the characters, the story's, everything positive about it but that would be just pointless.check out the series if you haven't, now! you will not regret it! though i would advise checking the comic out first. i like the anime, but i've had some trouble getting the series at a good price. and a small nitpick, the humor doesn't seem to translate to the anime as well as the manga. i think partly because the comic seems more cartoonish to me. but either way, its a win win! 10 out of 10!

admittedly, i first picked up ranma 1/2 when i was around twelve. i was in the library and searched desperately for something good to read. then, i went to the comic/manga section and spotted this book. at my first few reads through the chapters i didn't really know what was going on, but i knew that i loved it. i even took it home for a few more reads over. frankly, i wasn't getting anywhere. and then, about five months (i'm 16 now) ago my friend was watching some anime series and i remembered about this manga. i couldn't remember what it was called, but recalled that the author was rumiko takahashi, creator of inu yasha. i googled it, and then made a rash decision to watch all 161 episodes. at first i was a little thrown off by the 1990 graphics, but it didn't really matter in the end. no anime has ever made me laugh so hard and rewind, watch again. i once watched 45 consecutive episodes within a day. i don't know how i did it... but i couldn't stop. eventually, after about two days, i grew obsessed. i even dreamt--as crazy as this sounds--about watching ranma. never have i found a series so enjoyable, so funny, and so heartwarming to watch. to this day 161 episodes are not enough to keep me satisfied. of course the cliffhanger ending was enough to make me go bonkers, but the series alone was enough to make me continue reading. ranma 1/2 is about a boy named ranma saotome and his dad genma saotome. intense martial artists. they are so intense, that they went to the ancient training grounds in china and became 'cursed'. the grounds were full of different pools of springs, and if you land in one, you take the shape of whatever drowned there when doused in cold water. for genma, that was a panda, and for ranma that was a... girl! it's a very crafty fun loving story. on top of that, genma promises his friend that ranma will marry one of his daughters to keep the tendo dojo alive. 'course the one he gets matched up with hates his guts and the feelings mutual. obviously they start to like one another, but both way to stubborn to admit it. but.. genma has a history of doing this. he promised ranma to many girls. trust me. it's worth watching. it's humorous, heartwarming and all around amazing.

''ranma ½" is my favorite anime by rumiko takahashi. the woman really knows how to entertain us with a good story, that is not only a comedy, but also an action anime. the main character of the story is ranma saotome, a teenager boy who is also an expert in martial arts. ranma is engaged to akane because of an arrangement of both fathers, who are great friends and trained together during many years. akane is the younger and most violent sister of the tendo's: kasumi is the oldest and is very sweet and nabiki is the middle and loves to win money no matter what.ranma and akane fight all the time,specially because both have a very bad temper, and when they discover that ranma becomes a girl when splashed with cold water as well as his father becomes a panda,many new characters and situations starts to happen. they also discover the reason of the transformation: while fighting, ranma and his father fell in a cursed river. but not only them had this kind of fate...if you watched ''ranma 1/2'' and liked, i would recommend you ''inuyasha'' and ''maison ikkoku", two other good creations from rumiko's hands.

what do you get if you cross the matrix with the truman show?i'm sure you've all seen the matrix by now. the creators of the matrix say that it is 'anime inspired'. just from watching the trailer to this classic, you can see where they took the plot from.the film is sort of set in 1980s japan, and it really shows. the costumes, music and words(in the recent english language version by ad vision) are all like they've been directly lifted from the era. i believe it was made in that time also, but due to certain plot points, this doesn't date the film!as you probably guessed by my referencing to the matrix, the world isn't real. it's not really the 1980's. in fact, it's something more like the 2480's. after a nuclear war, the earth(or "biosphere prime")'s ecosystem was destroyed. the survivors we're forced to escape into space, where the conflict continued. once the planets(or "biospheres") were all abandoned, people began to live in megazones - cities inside of spaceships, where, via hypnotism techniques and truman show-esque illusion, they were made to believe they we're back on earth, in the most peaceful time in recent memory... the 1980s. when young shogo obtains a mysterious advanced looking motorcycle, it leads him to find out more than he's supposed to know... the garland(a bike which becomes a mech), a weapon from the 2400's, aids shogo in his escape from the pursuing military. as more and more is discovered about the megazone, the war comes closer to home, and due to conflicts between the military and the computer, the war comes to the megazone too... i apologise if those points are seen as spoilers, but the plot is outlined basically that way on the synopsis.emotions run high in this movie, moreso than the matrix. you really do believe the war is going on, and shogo really does become quite scarred by what he's discovering. what starts off as an uber-happy cool 80's flick becomes a tragic tale of war and unreality. these characters are real people, not the cardboard cutouts we saw flipping around in bullet-time in the matrix. there really is the sense of the suffering people can go through after being caught up in such a conspiracy, and a war. it may just choke you up towards the end... i know it did me.animation is pretty impressive for it's day, and the picture quality on the advision dvd is unbelievable for it's age. the artwork style is beautiful and reminiscent of traditional anime, very cultural. be prepared for quite a lot of violence and blood, there's also an erotic sex scene.the ending can be seen as a 'there can be no ending', similar to the matrix, or, supposedly can be followed by the sequel, which i haven't yet had the pleasure of watching.i have to say that this is one of the best animes i've seen, in fact, one of the best movies i've seen, and considered by many to be one of the greatest animes of all time.i must recommend the advision dvd, as their take on the english language is incredible, and does the movie justice, and can be purchased with an artbox for holding the two sequels when they are released, which will have the same vocal cast.all in all, megazone 23 is an incredible movie, and deserves to be held highly, and should be an essential in any anime fan's collection. heck, even my mother enjoyed it.

here's the skinny, it seems that this is much older then i thought it was. but it's still cool. the bike mechs are cool and the story works for the most part. there are some character issues that i hope work themselves out by part 2 and my biggest complaint of all that it seems to be a macross knock off. not just the animation style but several character designs. for example all the girls in this movie look like lyn minmay of macross. the mechs look similar to macross as well as the other characters. this is really not made for little kids, it has graphic violence, nudity and graphic sexual content. so to make a long story short i give this cool macross knock-off 7 stars.

i vaugely recall seeing this when i was 3 years old, then my parents accidentally taped over all but a few seconds of it with some other cartoon. then i was about 8 or 9 years old when i rediscovered it and since i was then able to comprehend things better, i thought it was a good movie then. fast forward to just a few weeks ago (june 2006) when i re-re discovered it thanks to some internet articles/video clips and it's just not the same movie. i'm sure it's still good with the kids, but to us 20-30 somethings it's definitely got "cult status" written all over it. it's a shame that the original production went through a painful process; if fox gave it enough time it would probably be more recognized in the public eye today. maybe if they were to remake it with a totally different story and an all star voice cast it could be, but that's for fox to decide. i'm rambling here, i know. i still think it's a great film, but it could be better than great.

...in our household. like everyone else who has commented on this movie, my brothers (7 & 4 years old at the time) and i (10) would watch this movie over and over again. we all loved star wars, but we always went back to this one because of the great songs and the adventure. we all loved the camel and would sing at the top of our lungs with him during his song. there are some slow moments (the time spent with king koo-koo in his court) and we generally got bored after the knight's song ("the reason that i {sound effect} is because i loooooove you"), but we loved the journey to rescue babbette and the ending and were all a little freaked out by the picture of king koo-koo floating there dominating the entire horizon, laughing maniacally at the end. i still to this day sing "hooray for me! babbette of gay paris!" around my friends (i'm 33 now) who just look at me as if i've lost my mind; however, when i'm singing it i'm 10 years old again remembering the wonderful year of star wars.

this raggedy ann and andy movie is so adorable. we love watching ann and andy sing and dance, along with the camel with the wrinkled knees. this movie is what made the camel with the wrinkled knees so popular, singing his song, "i'm nobodies i love you". if you love raggedy ann and andy watch the movie and you will see why it's a movie the kids love, and adults!

the last time i saw the movie i was around seven years, so my opinions might be jaded over time. at the time i enjoyed the filming that switched between cartoon and live action. at the time i felt sad for the blue camel and his sad life. also i felt glee when after captain contagious kidnapped the heroine (a princess or toy shepherdess) the tables the were turned on him. unfortunately the producers never decided to transfer this movie to vhs, so all i have are twenty year old memories. i am sure that if i saw the movie again i would consider it corny and sappy, but i really enjoyed it the movie at the time.

never when i was a child did i love any movie more then this one. i would love to own it. i watched it every sunday they played it on the family film festival. it is an enjoyable film suitable for the whole family and the songs are wonderful.

richard willaims is an animation god. he was hampered in directing this film by the producer. the final product is a very uneven film with a very convoluted story, but some amazing moments of animation (like emery hawkins' "greedy"). joe raposo's repetitive music doesn't help either. it was made in wide screen so the vhs doesn't show it in all it's glory, let's hope for a letterboxed dvd someday. still it's worth watching for some eye popping animation.

personally, this is one of my favorites of all time! no, i'm not 10.. i'm 30! i own an old, original vhs of this that i bought from a rental store. i've watched it countless times..while it's an amusing movie for kids, it's an intriguing movie for adults. i once saw this movie whiile i was.. not sober. my eyes were opened to things i had never noticed before. i saw morals being strongly encouraged, both overtly and somewhat subliminally.. i wish i could remember all the things i noticed in particular, but it's been a very long time since then. rest assured, there are tons of things that are alluded to throughout the movie. if you get the chance to view it.. not sober.. do so, you won't be disappointed.. as a matter of fact, you will probably feel rather happy and warm.unique and wonderful!

i believe i received this film when i was a young buck. i remembered watching it as a child, but i could never find the film. i remembered good ol rageddy ann, andy, babette, the greedy, king koo koo. i searched high and low for this movie and still no luck. but one day when i was moving out of my childhood home i had found it. we were reunited. i am 17 years old now. i still watch it. all the time actually. it's one of the funniest and touching movies i have ever seen and enjoyed at the same time. and personally i think they should make a sequel. mmm, yes a sequel indeed. now i am even considering getting the captains bird tattooed somewhere on my body!

i have very fond memories of this film, as i saw it with my two younger sisters when it first shown theatrically in 1977 and i was eight years old. apparently it was deemed a failure - and is now practically forgotten (the pan-and scan videocassette - which never did justice to the picture or it's ambitious panavision compositions is now out-of -print.) the film is very stylized (shades of yellow submarine) and admittedly uneven. some of the characters and sequences are exquisite while others are somewhat juvenile and undistinguished. the sad discarded blue camel (shades of eeyore) and his blue song are truly heartwarming. joe raposo's songs are for the most part simply beautiful. definitely a worthwhile curiousity that will probably (sadly) fall into total obscurity.

now here's a film straight out of my childhood, my family used to taped; but it kind of got tapped over and losted over the years. now i was fortunate to watch the whole film on youtube.com; i had love this wonderful film when i watched it as kid, and after watching again (online), i still do today. my favorite song from the movie is "candy hearts and paper flowers" (i will always remember that sweet song forever). i was surprised when i looked at the opening credits (on who animated who),that some of the animators date back to 1930s (wow! that's like 47 years).

this is a very strange film by director/animator richard williams. all who know of william's work know it's a bit off-kilter (if not ingenious) but this one takes the cake.it features two hapless ragdolls who have to save their owner's new french doll from a lustful pirate toy and find themselves at the mercy of several bizarre characters along the way. the strength in this movie lies primarily in its aesthetic quality; its strange character designs, its powerful animation, and its stark contrast of the sweet and scary. williams' brilliant animation portrayed raggedy ann and andy as real rag dolls, floppy and darned, rather than simple cartoon versions of the dolls, which made it more believable (at least in a visual sense). the animation shines on the bring us the camel-with-the-wrinkled-knees, whose body walks with two different personalities controlling each end, the silent-movie chase with sir leonard looney and, of course, the greedy.the greedy animation, on its own, is possibly the most exquisite psychedelic animation i've ever seen. there's something about this animation that just makes your jaw drop--and every second it's something new. living in what was deemed "the taffy pit," the greedy is a massive blob man that lives in and mercilessly eats sweets. he sings a song that i can't help but feel hold some sexual undertones, then tries to kill raggedy ann for her candy heart.the only complaint i have about this film is that there are too many songs. it continuously bogs down the movie's pace because there are sixteen of them. there are about six good songs (which should have been the only ones) including "i look, and what do i see?", "no girl's toy", "blue" (though they didn't need to make him sing it twice), "i never get enough", "because i love you" and maybe "i'm home." the others just seem unnecessary and frankly aren't too amazing to listen to.this is a weird film with strange undertones, but if that's what you're looking for, you won't find better.

raggedy ann & andy is the first movie i ever saw in the theaters. my dad took my sister and i, and the funny thing is - when we got home, dad asked us "what do you want to do now?" and we said we want to watch raggedy ann & andy again! lol, and my dad actually took us back to the theatre to watch it again -- at least that's how i remember it. i was five years old at the time.this movie was pretty scary for a five year old. the scene with the giant ocean of sweets, and the hypnotic camel scene.. i don't remember a lot from this film, naturally, the beginning was magical, and a few scenes -- i wish i could find it again, and will likely seek it out now.i remember i loved raggedy ann & andy.

i saw this movie at the theaters when i was about 6 or 7 years old. i loved it then, and have recently come to own a vhs version. my 4 and 6 year old children love this movie and have been asking again and again to watch it. i have enjoyed watching it again too. though i have to admit it is not as good on a little tv.i do not have older children so i do not know what they would think of it. the songs are very cute. my daughter keeps singing them over and over.hope this helps.

i saw this jolly little film at age 10/11 in 1979 when it was broadcast on cbs. i didn't know it had been in a theater at all. to rate it from a kids point of view i'd give it 4 out of 5 stars,because being a young boy at the time,it seemed a little "girlish".the climactic scene where gazooks tickles the daylights out of everyone was a bit disturbing at the time but you outgrow that sort of thing. when i re-discovered it a blockbuster video in 1995,i had to revisit it! i still liked it despite the fact that it looked a bit "old". i don't know where the other reviewer on here got the idea that it wasn't on vhs.it's out there. might even be on dvd by now,at least i hope it is. i want to share it with my kids someday! 10 stars on here,it's still a great kids film. (end)09/08/2009 : finally found a vhs copy!! woo-hoo!

raggedy ann and raggedy andy the movie is about dolls that come to life when the humans aren't around. in this adventure they must rescue a kidnapped french doll named babette from the captain of pirates. on their way they journey though deep dark woods, taffy pit, and even looney land. will the aide of their new friend the camel with wrinkled knees help them or just slow them down with his hallucinations of his friends leaving him? how will they escape the kookoo king and his henchmen!? what will their owner marcella say when she sees her 7th birthday present doll gone along with her other toys? delightful surprises await the two adventurers.all scores are out of a possible 10: story: 8 - very cute. dolls that come to life when the master isn't around. not just that because they go out into many many different places, but they are in an imaginary world so anything can happen. meeting new characters, going to different places finding new friends, its great. the characters all work so well in this too and who doesn't love pirates?! acting: 8 - every character suits their voice so well. specifically the marlon brando taffy pit enemy, the greed. the french doll has a very uptight french accent, the evil hitler-esquire king kookoo (whos got hair that resembles simpson's sideshow bob) plays his role very well, and the sorrow old black man voice for camel works perfectly. why is it that old dubbed animation was soo much better than new ones? music: 10 - nothing short of perfection here. the songs have been in my head for years, and re-watching it nearly 20 years later, i can still remember each and every one of them and will now be able to know exactly where these tunes come from. joe raposo of "sesame street" fame did an excellent job with the songs for this and everyone sings real well.editing: 6 - heh, this is where it'll get confusing. i mean how far did the raggedy's walk anyway? a lot of events just seem to occur one after another and there's no telling who the other dolls and toys were as you never see them in the real world of the movie, but it does follow some sort of path and you know they'll eventually get to where they need to go, its just pretty hard to follow at times.uniqueness: 8 - between this and unico i'd have to say there's parts in both movies i will never forget no matter how hard i try to. mainly the scary parts. i've probably mentioned already how older movies were much creepier than animation of today but this takes the cake in the scary factor. outside of the south park movie and some disney films there's almost no animated musicals, or good ones of that coming out so its very unique.worth: 8- its classic. worth the hunt to get a good copy thats for sure, but the vhs copies are probably all stretched out by now. the dvd version is sold on ebay all the time and it'll definitely be something you'll watch more than once. if anything get it for the nostalgia purposes.overall score (not an average): 8 - its a wonderful timeless musical made in the late 70s and can still be enjoyed today. its characters are all unique and the songs are great. so great you might find yourself humming them time and time again. give your favorite stuffed animal a hug today! reviewer's insight (including bias): this isn't like the raggedy ann tv series made a decade later. this was way more darker and real world. the effects in this seem like a lot of other acid-trip cartoons from the 70's, in particular, yellow submarine. still, its given me memories i'll never forget, and might still influence things today. it wasn't easy to find but it'll remain a treasure to keep in my collection of dvds and videos forever.

oh, boy, god bless the 1970's, we got some of the most horrific movies that came out of that decade: the exorcist, jaws, the texas chainsaw massacre, halloween and now, raggedy ann & andy: a musical adventure. this movie must be used to torture captured terrorists into telling us about their evil plans to destroy the world, i mean seriously, this movie scared the heck out of me. my sister had this movie in her vhs collection and i was kind of curious what kind of movie they would make out of a doll that came out of the great depression for kids with very little pocket money. what the heck? it's kinda funny how this movie is the 1970's version of toy story, pretty much down to a key, only this was a thousand times scarier, disney had alice in wonderland to get into the drug trips for the children.whenever marcella leaves the room, raggedy ann, along with her brother raggedy andy and a whole nursery full of colorful toys come to life. on marcella's birthday, a new doll, babette, arrives from paris, france to the united states of america. babette is a spoiled creature who is unaware she is a doll, but the friendly raggedy ann does everything she can to make babette feel at home. however, the pirate captain contagious kidnaps her. raggedy ann and andy set off to try to rescue her before marcella discovers babette is gone. out in the world outside the nursery, the two meet the camel with the wrinkled knees, a blue toy camel who has been cast off by past owners and is now heartbroken and lonely. after raggedy ann and andy hitch a ride on the camel, he begins to follow his hallucinations and without looking, runs over the edge of a cliff, into a deep pit. in this pit they encounter the greedy, who is a giant gluttonous blob of taffy who eats constantly and is never full. the raggedys and the camel narrowly escape being consumed by the greedy and continue their journey to find babette… and believe me, it just gets weirder from this point on.while this movie was certainly disturbing and i just wanted to cry and cover my eyes during a lot of the movie, this was actually pretty creative. back in the day when we had hand drawn animation that made films more personal and that the writers and animators put their heart into it, you can tell that they did that with raggedy ann & andy: a musical adventure. this certainly wasn't the worst movie i have ever seen, i just don't know who to recommend it too. as scared as i was, i have to admit i'm glad i watched it, sometimes you need a "wtf?!" movie to spice up your selection, believe me when i say that raggedy ann had no problem in doing just that with me. it's official, that doll is just plain creepy, let's just put it this way, there's a giant caramel river that is eating everything, a king who's head keeps getting bigger as he laughs, a bizarre thing that humiliates raggedy ann and her brother, a strange almost incest between ann and andy and a couple of naked dolls that will forever haunt my dreams with their songs. yikes.7/10

i give this movie 7 out of 10 because the villains were interesting in their roles and the unknown batwoman creates an interesting "guess who" game. the movie, however, needs more robin in it. he appeared in the movie in the beginning and sporadically throughout the rest. i always thought the new animated series did little justice to the neat new robin character, let alone knightwing. this movie just continues that bad tradition. the movie spends too much time on bruce wayne and his romance which wouldn't be so bad in one movie if the romance wasn't so unbelievable. it is still a good movie if you are a batman fan and i would recommend watching it.

i thought the film could be a bit more complex,in a psychological sense perhaps, but the action and voice acting were top notch. the animation was heavy cg in many scenes, but very good ones at that. this is one of the batman returns/forever type films, which include romances and the conflicts of wayne and motives for dating. 007 fans would love this, and so would the females, great theme song! wayne was portrayed very well in this film, and the penquin was back to his true form, no mutant genes in him this time! i liked the fact robin wasn't used too much, tim drake was just a good computer nerd, somewhat of an indigo child or mind of the future.the supporting cast was made up of some soap opera stars, decent talents and the characters were drawn to look like the voice actors too. kelly ripa was hilarious in this film.i rate this below phantasm, return of the joker, and batman vs. dracula, but liked the smarter script better than i enjoyed subzero. 7/10

i always said that the animated batman movies were much better than the live action films.i've seen all of the animated films, but out of the bunch, this is the poorest, and it's rather disappointing."mask of the phantasm" would rank as the best, then "world's finest", then "sub zero", then "return of the joker", and finally this ranks last.in this newest animated movie, there's a mysterious new batgirl in gotham and batman is intent on discovering whether she's friend or foe as she sets out on a quest for vengeance.but as bruce gets involved with three young women, he begins investigating them and discovers who is the new batgirl.the tone in this film is unusually light considering most of the films are grim and bleak, which was rather disappointing. bruce acts strangely out of character most of the time, the villains are re-used from the last films, and while the action scenes are exciting, they're really nothing new. it also lacks the dramatic impact the other films have, especially that of "sub-zero" which was heavy in drama and character development.everything in the film feels pretty recycled and the supporting characters are charming but no one is actually worth rooting for.all the while, i really enjoyed this, i had a blast, and the identity of the new batgirl is surprising, but this wasn't as exciting as i'd hoped.(**half out of ****)

in 1993, with the success of the first season of batman: the animated series, warner brothers commissioned the team responsible for the hit-show with producing a feature-length movie, originally slated for direct-to-video, but bumped up to theatrical status. it would become known as batman: mask of the phantasm. ten years after phantasm, we have had an additional three feature-films released from the boys at the wb, sub-zero, return of the joker, and now, mystery of the batwoman joins the family.the plot is basic and in many ways similar to mask of the phantasm: a new female vigilante modeling herself after batman has begun targeting operations run by gotham mob boss rupert thorne and oswald cobblepot aka the penguin. now, batman must attempt to unravel the mystery of the batwoman before she crosses the line.the animation is the sleeker, futuristic style that was utilized for batman: the animated series' fifth and sixth seasons (aka the new batman adventures). , it's quite nicely done, and just as sleek as return of the joker's animation. there is also some use of cgi, but it's minor compared to the overabundance of it in sub-zero. the music was alright. different and exotic and similar to the justice league score, although the points in the score when the old animated batman theme comes up will be sure to send waves of nostalgia through the older fans' rodent-shaped hearts.kevin conroy, as always, does a wonderful job as bruce wayne and batman. it's also great to have the old batman: the animated series alumni back; that includes bob hastings (commissioner gordon), robert costanzo (detective bullock), tara strong (barbara gordon/batgirl; her cameo hints at the romantic-relationship between her and bruce that was mentioned in batman beyond), and efrem zimbalist jr.(alfred).villains were also great - especially given that rupert thorne, the old mob boss from the original series, appears for the first time since the fourth season.overall, while not quite reaching the standard set by mask of the phantasm ten years ago, motb carries on the torch quite nicely for the animated batman films. and if you have the dvd and are a hardcore fan, you will love the five-minute short chase me.

batman: mystery of the batwoman is the latest animated batman straight to video/dvd movie to be released. (minor spoilers ahead) the plot revolves around a new crimefighter, the batwoman, who seems to be personally involved, for whatever reason, in stopping a major arms shipment.although the movie is interesting enough, it's not as good as 'mask of the phantasm,' 'sub-zero,' or 'return of the joker.' the main reason being is that it doesn't give off the emotional appeal the other movies did. at the end of this movie, we don't really feel sorry for anyone as we did in the others, especially, 'sub-zero.' there is no real tragedy that made the other animated movies special for us. even the batwoman is not really a 'tragic' character (as mr. freeze or phantasm were). not only that, but batwoman's alter ego seems so incredibly 'stiff' and dull that the viewer doesn't really care what happened to her that caused her to put on the mask or what happens to her at the end and therein lies the main reason we don't get this special emotional appeal.don't get me wrong, i did find the movie enjoyable. it does have its moments, such as, when the audience finds out who batwoman really is and seeing an old villain return who was last seen in the original 'batman: the animated series.' the action is also very enjoyable with some very suspenseful moments.if the batwoman's background was more interesting, this movie would have been better than 'return of the joker' in my book, but as it is now, it's in 4th (out of 4).as for the animation, it's the same as the new batman adventures' cartoon from the mid to late 1990's. the score is not as memorable as the previous 3 animated batman films, but it's still good nonetheless.i do recommend buying this dvd because, despite its flaws, it is enjoyable. but just remember, it's not as good as the other batman animated movies.7/10

it aired on tv yesterday, so i decided to check it out. this was one of the last bruce timm/paul dini dtv projects related to their old 1992 batman the animated series, after that jeff matsuda came along and re-imagined batman with his new the batman series, but anyway, the story of this new batman movie centers around the appearance of a new vigilante known as batwoman, however batman feels the need to stop her because of her extreme methods, and also in the meantime take down the pengiun and ruphert thorn who both are secretly working with carlton duquesne(who's having family troubles) and another villain(which is later revealed in the movie) on a weapons smuggling operation,they also put a bounty on the batwoman. the question is: who is this mysterious batwoman and is it possible that they could be more then one? it's up to batman to solve this mystery and stop penguin's latest operation. for an animated movie, it has a fairly complex plot and a serious tone, which is good. another plus was the complete redesign of the penguin who looks much more like the sophisticated mob boss we're used to seeing in the comics, unlike his previous designs that borrowed elements from tim burton vision of pengium(sewer rat and circus freak). even though the movie contains a love subplot it's never carried that far and doesn't derail the movie like say, batman forever. the voice acting is standard quality for these direct-to-video projects(if only batman: mask of phantasm took this route), kevin conroy still shines as batman/bruce wayne. and like i said despite running for some very short 80 minutes, it manages to make a pretty good(and complex) storyline complete with a few minor twists and bucket loads of action. there are a few downsides, however, nightwing is nowhere to be seen, and i'm sure barbara gordon and bruce wayne don't click as a couple, even though is just referenced, tim drake(aka robin) does very little in the movie and to be quite frank, i was never a big fan of paul dini and bruce timm's batman character design(especially in their batman shows post-btas), this the new adventures of batman and robin, well, it kinda makes batman look fat then rather a well-built bulked up individual(kinda like the jeff matsuda character model from the batman). bruce wayne seems a bit awkward, those blue eyes make him look more like clark kent then bruce(though it's true they do look very much alike). another downside is rupert throne(no explanation as to why he is in this deal, but it's safe to say he's has goons and what's a cut of the deal) which does very little more then hang out with the penguim or get himself hurt every time he points a gun at someone(count how many times this happens in the movie and you'll be surprised. overall, a good batman animated movie, worth at least a rental.

an enjoyable batman animated film. not on par with "return of the joker" or "mask of the phantasm", but solid nonetheless. i liked how the movie kept you guessing as to who batwoman was. there was nice twist. nice action sequences. i've always been of the opinion that the batman cartoons are better then any of the pitiful batman live action film sequels. the trend continues here.7.5 out of 10

this post may contain spoilers :although it was 5 years after the series ended and wb was currently working on justice league, this animated movie is a welcome addition to the video library. why? well, if mask of the phantasm compliments the first 70 episodes of batman: the animated series and subzero compliments the 15 episodes of the adventures of batman and robin, then mystery of the batwoman compliments the final 24 episodes of the gotham knights version of batman. kevin conroy once again delivers a voice over performance that is nothing short of excellence and perfection. i admit i was a bit leery when i heard about batwoman and all i could think about were the old 50's comics of batman. but i was blown away by the batwoman character, her look, her costume (which i assumed inspired bruce wayne to create the costume on batman beyond)and the fact that this movie keeps you guessing who batwoman is all the way through. if you want to know who batwoman is, then buy or rent the dvd. barbara gordon makes a cameo appearance and i think the writers were trying to hint that bruce and barbara had something going on between them like they did in batman beyond. tim drake appears as robin, but his role is a small one and sadly, there is no sign of or mention of dick grayson alias nightwing, which leads me to believe he has established himself in bludhaven (his city in the comics).of the three suspects for batwoman, my favorite is kathy duquesne, who looks an awful lot like halle berry. kelly ripa did a great job as one of the other suspects. when it comes to the villains, i'm glad the penguin was one of them, but i did not like the fact that they replaced paul williams with david ogden stiers. pengy just didn't sound right. same thing goes for robin. the new guy did okay, but just as i was starting to get used to matt valencia, they replaced him. it's interesting to note that kevin michael richardson, who voices carlton duquesne is now the voice of the joker in "the batman" series. and we finally see what rupert thorne looks like revamped since he didn't show up in the gotham knights episodes. the late john vernon will be missed. although i enjoyed henry silva as the voice of bane, if he had to be replaced, they got the right man in the form of hector elizondo. i only wish they could have used two face, riddler, or the scary new version of the scarecrow.the musical score and especially the soft sounding intro were superb. i wish that was on a soundtrack and i especially enjoyed the beautiful and talented cherie in the iceberg lounge along with her song, betcha neva. while some feel that this movie is weaker than the mask of the phantasm and subzero, i find it just as strong and enjoyable as the rest, plus like i said earlier, it's a full length movie based off the gotham knights version of batman, which i think gives a good balance. i would at least recommend renting this dvd first before buying it for those who might be leery of this movie, but personally, it's well worth the purchase. i give mystery of the batwoman a 9.

the original animated dark knight returns in this ace adventure movie that rivals mask of phantasm in its coolness. there's a lot of style and intelligence in mystery of the batwoman, so much more than batman forever or batman and robin.there's a new crime-fighter on the streets of gotham. she dresses like a bat but she's not a grown-up batgirl. and batman is denying any affiliation with her. meanwhile bruce wayne has to deal with the usual romances and detective work. but the penguin, bain and the local mob makes things little more complicated.i didn't have high hopes for this 'un since being strongly let down but the weak batman: sub zero (robin isn't featured so much here!)but i was delighted with the imaginative and exciting set pieces, the clever plot and a cheeky sense of humor. this is definitely a movie no fan of batman should be without. keep your ears open for a really catchy song called 'betcha neva' which is featured prominently through-out.it's a shame the dvd isn't so great. don't get me wrong there are some great features (the short 'chase me' is awesome) and a very cool dolby 5.1 soundtrack but... the movie is presented in pan and scan. batman: mystery of the batwoman was drawn and shot in 1.85:1 but this dvd is presented in 1.33:1 an in comparison to the widescreen clips shown on the features there is picture cut off on both sides. i find this extremely annoying considering mask of phantasm was presented in anamorphic widescreen. warner have had to re-release literally dozens of movies on dvd because people have complained about the lack of original aspect ratio available on some titles. why they chose to make that same mistake here again is beyond me.i would give this dvd 5/5 but the lack of oar brings the overall score down to 4/5. it's a shame because widescreen would have completed a great dvd package.

for starters i have always been a fan of the batman cartoons because the theme is so universal, 'that everyone alive has an alter-ego'. this is true in the mystery of batwoman. while the overall story is good i'm disappointed that they haven't really done much for the franchise with this.throughout the movie, you are trying to find out who the identity of batwoman is, unfortunately you can find out by easily looking at the cast of credits posted on this website (so if you haven't seen it already don't go there). i was sort of disappointed that they didn't make the movie longer. 75 minutes is way too short for any movie. the secret identity of batwoman also comes far too early in the movie, sort of midway, and becomes anti-climatic afterward because you know the good guys will always win and that the new character known as batwoman will disappear after the movie is over.i'm also not too sure about the new animation style used in this movie. i love the sleek new characters but there should be some more detail where detail is called for. some parts of the animation look so awkward and rigid that it grabs your attention right away diverting your attention away from the storyline. i also didn't really like the bright atmosphere used in most of the scenes, it sort of loses its dark and gothic feel which is batman. similarly we should've gotten to know more about batwoman's personality so that we can build the same deep compassionate feeling that we do with bruce wayne. also i think the fight with bane should have been done better. in typical children's fashion the bad guy meets his demise too easily either by tripping, falling, getting electricuted or doing something dumb that works against them. come to think of it there wasn't even one drop of blood spilled in this movie either.bottom line, its a good entertaining flick and i recommend anyone who's a batman fan to watch it. it has good storyline, universal appeal and even great acting to top it off. i just wish that they could have delivered more permanent change to the story by making batwoman stay to make things more interesting. not just introduce her and then kick her off once she's done. i'd also like to see someone else figure out the mystery for a change finally. to have some other than batman solve the mystery and fill him in later with the details.i hope there are more animated movies to come and look forward to the time when we will actually be able to see the breakup between bruce wayne and barbra gordan. he's been stringing her along forever and doesn't even like her and i can't believe that she was dumb enough to fall in love with someone 20 years older. i also want to see the time when tim drake leaves because he is getting sick of the old man. in short i want to see all of the things that led the characters to where they will be in batman beyond. otherwise the same repeated formula will just end it faster than if they just decided to move on with the story.

this batman movie isn't quite as good as batman mask of the phantasm and batman and mr. freeze subzero but it is still a good installment to the batman cartoons i say it is equally good as batman beyond the movie. this movie is good for all the same reasons the storyline is good not quite as good as the other one's but still pretty good it has lots of action in it the cartoon effects are good the voice of actors are really good such as kevin conroy as batman/ bruce wayne, tara strong as barbra gordon, efrem zimbalist jr., eli marienthal as robin. the villains are good such as kyra sedgwick as batwoman, david ogden stiers as the pequin, hector elizondo as bane. so i am sure you will not be disappointed with batman mystery of the batwomen. so make sure that you rent or buy batman mystery of the batwoman the movie because it is really good.overall score: ******* out of ********** *** out of *****

"batman: the mystery of the batwoman" is about as entertaining as animated batman movies get.while still true to the feeling of the comic books, the animation is done with a lighter spirit than in the animated series. bruce wayne looks much like he has before, but now he appears somewhat less imposing. the dick grayson robin has been replaced by the less edgy, more youthful tim drake robin.kevin conroy, as usual, invokes the voice of batman better than most live action actors.kelly ripa did a much more decent voice-acting job than i was expecting.as in the live action batman films, the movie lives or dies based on the quality of the villains. my all-time favorite, the penguin, is here. his design is sleeker than it has appeared before, hearkening more to the burgess meredith portrayal of the '60's than the danny devito portrayal of "batman returns." david ogden stiers is the perfect choice for the penguin's voice. the penguin is finally portrayed as a cunning sophisticate, just as he most commonly appears in the comics. hector elizondo's voice creates a bane who's much more memorable than the forgettable version in "batman & robin." and finally, batman has a descent mystery to solve, putting the "detective" back in "detective comics" (that is what "dc" stands for, after all.) the revolution to the mystery is a delightfully sneaky twist.the score adds to the mysterious ambiance of the movie. it sounds like a mix between the score from "poirot" and the score from "mission: impossible." all in all, it's more entertaining than your average cartoon.

i love cartoons. they can show things that films with 'real' actors and scenery cannot - though computer effects are changing that more and more. they can push the boundaries of satire ('the simpsons'), good taste ('south park'), spectacle ('aladdin'), or reality ('toy story'). there are some good examples of this in 'ice age', such as when we see a motley herd of now-extinct mammals migrating across countryside, chatting like old friends. such scenes are a pleasure to watch, as we get the feeling of both the familiar and the strange at the same time, usually in a way that makes us laugh. while ice age is not as good as the top animated movies of all time, it's a really fun film. sit back, enjoy the deliberate anachronisms, the lovely backgrounds and the belly-laughs.the story follows manfred the grumpy mammoth, sid, an idiotic sloth, and diego, a sabretooth tiger, as they take a human baby back to his tribe - for very different reasons. on the way, naturally, they have a whole lot of problems. also popping up throughout the journey is scrat, history's unluckiest rodent, who is desperately trying to bury an acorn for the winter: in glaciers, on top of dead trees, in ice-caves. his opening scene is a classic.it's a simple story with a very predictable end and a middle that is just a series of funny incidents with some character-building moments thrown in, but some of the scenes, such as the nappy-changing or the dodos, are hilarious, the animals are likeable and it looks good. there is one quite touching moment too, when cave paintings of mammoths come to life in front of manfred's eyes.not a must-see, but good for a fun hour or so.7/10

a glacier slide inside a cavernous ice mountain sends its three characters whoosh down a never-ending wet-slide tube that has enough kick to dazzle kids the same way mature audience may be dazzled by the star gate sequence that closes 2001: a space odyssey. miles apart in vision, but it is a scene of great rush and excitement nonetheless. a magnificent opening sequence also takes place where a furry squirrel-like critter attempts to hide his precious acorn. you've probably seen this scene in the trailer, but as it takes place he starts a domino effect when the mountain starts cracking and, results, an avalanche. the horror just keeps going as the critter tries to outrun the impossible. the movie traces two characters, a mammoth named manfred (ray romano) and a buck-toothed sloth (john leguizamo) as they try to migrate south. they find a human baby they adopt and then decide to track the parent figures down to return to them. they are joined by a saber tiger named diego (denis leary) whose predatory intentions is to bring the baby to his tiger clan, by leading the mammoth and the sloth into a trap. diego's meat-eating family wants the mammoth most of all, but diego's learned values of friendship make easy what choice to ultimately make at the end. there are fatalistic natural dangers of the world along the trip, including an erupted volcano and a glacier bridge that threatens to melt momentarily that is reminiscent of the castle escape in shrek. characters contemplate on why they're in the ice age, while they could have called it the big chill or the nippy era. some characters wish for a forthcoming global warming. another great line about the mating issues between girlfriends: `all the great guys are never around. the sensitive ones get eaten.' throwaway lines galore, whimsical comedy and light-fingered adventure makes this one pretty easy to watch. also, food is so scarce for the nice vegetarians that they consider dandelions and pine cones as `good eating.' the vocal talents of romano, leguizamo and leary make good on their personas, while the children will delight in their antics, the adults will fancy their riffs on their own talents. there is some mild violence and intense content, but kids will be jazzed by the excitement and will get one of their early introductions of the age-old battle of good versus evil, and family tradition and friendship are strong thematic ties. the animators also make majestic use of background landscapes that are coolly fantastic.

*may contain spoilers* *may contain spoilers*in the age of shrek(the movie) & pixar(the studio), this is a much more traditional animation film. it put together some characters that normally wouldn't be seen together(not to mentioned, try to save a human baby and bring it back to his father). they begin as enemies and end as best friend. if this sound like a disney film, it is(only made through 20th century fox). the trailer to the movie was one of the best i've seen in ages, but the movie doesn't live to the expectation the trailer set. the problem lie with the fact that the makers of the film didn't made up their mind who is the target audience of the film. yes, there are some jokes in the film that only adults will understand but the film is mostly aimed at children. the parents will enjoy the fact that for 90 min. their children's attention is focused on something else than them. the backgrounds are excellent and the voice are good but this is nothing more the a nice film. children will love this film, adults will only like it.

there are very few movies that are so funny as this one. i was lucky enough to watch this movie at a theater "reserved" for movie buffs like me, so it was not so embarrassing sitting there laughing till my jaw was completely sore and my shirt sleeves were all wet from drying my eyes...at times the story was a bit "slow", but that is perhaps for the best - a bit of rest in-between the rolling amongst the aisles (i nearly fell out of the seat...) was most welcome.

i am not going to lie, this is a great movie. i saw it about 4 months ago at my local theatre. i saw it a second time, and i was somewhat bored in the slow scenes. sid (the sloth) is not all that flattering, but diego (a mountain lion, i think) is really good in the movie. the animation is outstanding, and the story has a touching ending. it is worth taking kids 10 and under to, but teens would probably find it a tad bit boring. also, the uniqueness in the characters is so interesting. like i said, it is a pretty good movie, but i would rate "toy story 2" or "shrek" higher. 8/10

ok, at the beginning it looked like "shrek" - the loner that is persistently followed by the comic relief. then it evolves into something really compelling, as the gauntlet is set. and the result is an enjoyable movie, which has moments that i agree that are a little too dramatic for kids to watch (manny's past, for example). the premise has been obviously worked for a long time, so that they can suceed in making a movie set with almost no different sets (only ice caps and rocks), and three characters. it's a good thing to know that they succeed in doing something emotional out of it. as i said, it can be tear-jerking at some times, so, kids, be warned. the real letdown is the animation. this wasn't so souped up like the toy story movies or shrek, and it shows. the humans are unrealistic, and we have seen better examples of cgi before. but don't let this stain the record: as a solo effort, "ice age" is commendable. and it will gather many fans, i have no doubt. oh and yes, the moments with that small mouse are priceless, and show-stealing.

had fun watching this film.. despite the feeling i got a lot of the time, that this film was almost copying monsters inc. there're quite a few things that are extremely similar between the two, the relationship between an animal/monster and a small child, other animals trying to break that relationship, etc. it felt like that pretty much throughout the film, to me.one of the redeeming features though, is scrat :) very very funny character, even if he serves no purpose :)

i looked at this movie with my child eyes, and i wasn't disappointed. the story is well-known, some abandoned orphan has to be brought to his parents by an improbable trio (mamooth - sabertooth tiger and a lazy animal)... and i don't want to forget to mention the incredible small fury animal with his hazenut. this one really made me laugh a lot during the whole picture.briefly : it works, it is funny and it is a "must-see" with your children (they'll like it).

when i saw the trailers i just had to see the film. and when i had, i kinda had a feeling that felt like unsatisfied. it was a great movie, don't get me wrong, but i think the great parts where already in the trailers, if you catch my drift. it went very fast and it rolled on, so i was never bored, and i enjoyed watching it. the humor was absolutely great. my first contact with a sloth (..or something like it).

an interesting animation about the fate of a giant tiger, a sloth, and a mammoth, who saved a baby, who was close to be killed by a group of tigers during the ice age. the morale of the film shows that good behavior with the others may bring benefits at the end. one of the tigers in the group got an order to finally capture the baby, who was hardly saved by his mother when the tigers attacked her community. the baby was then rescued by the sloth and the mammoth, but the tiger joined them with the objective of finally taken away the baby. they went through very troublesome paths with plenty of danger, and at once the tiger was to fall down and saved by the mammoth. at the end the group of tigers tried to capture the baby but the mammoth helped incredibly by his tiger colleague was able to overcome this attack and to give the baby back to his father and the community to which he belongs.

shrek, anyone? well, imagine shrek in the ice age. remember the ending of shrek? of cause you do. now, imagine, that shrek turns into a human, and so does the princess. get it? nice animation, actually, much more of an art work than pixar and disney pictures, which are trying to get as close to reality as possible in their drawings. strong one-liners, some social comments that kids won't understand, the good guys win. one thing more: scrat. by the way, how does everybody know his name is scrat? 7/10

no day passes without a new released computer animated movie, so we now really have chances to see more than some nice effects. after watching ice age i felt that's it was not that big impact on me than some other films of this genre.but it's because i am a big guy now, and i am pretty sure that this is a very enjoyable movie for children (maybe up to 14). the story is quite simple, and the "actors" are funny in a cute way, without any crude or complex humour. even the "evil" is lovely, fluffy big cat with those funny teeth. and the story has a happy end, which was a small disappointment for me (knowing that most of the main characters are doomed to extinction in a sad way) but a great thing for children. and apart from some fights nobody dies (not even when he gets stomped on by a mammoth, several times), which made a cartoony feeling.the computer animation part is nice but nothing special, apart from some really nice cartoony feeling scenes, when you feel like walking in a nice painting or pages of a comics. [which means lots of work nevertheless!]there were some gags which made me smile - i accept, the creators tried to satisfy those grownups - but they are hard to spot and (in my opinion) better left unnoticed, since it does not feel to fit into the story.overall it's a nice movie, but it's rather in the ideal-world-and-fluffy-animals-for-children disney cliche. if you don't hate cute animals making funny things, watch it at least once.

the movie itself was ok for the kids. but i gotta tell ya that scratch, the little squirrel, was the funniest character i've ever seen. he makes the movie all by himself. he's the reason i've just love this movie. congradulations to the crew, it made me laugh out loud and always will!

i can't stand it when people go see a movie when they know they won't like it. my mom likes violent movies, so why did she see it? she rated it just to bring down the rating. so i know that's why it didn't have a higher rating. i give it a 6/10

this is my first cg animated film that i've ever seen. usually, the look of other animated films made me reticent to see them. not ice age. i wanted to see it the moment i saw the trailer with scrat, the hilarious sabertooth squirrel.ice age was sporadically funny and overall fun film to watch. the story is basically an animated version of three men and a baby, set 20,000 years in the past. the visuals were great. simply beautiful. it's one thing to create convincing aninmation, it's another thing altogether to create visually arresting stuff and ice age is great to look at with its stylized visuals. blue sky studios is a company to look out for in the future.

(spoilers??)i wasn't sure what to think of the movie. not too much of a kids film. definately should be watched with a parent because it includes death and dying. but i was surprised that i was a bit entertained by it.i was a bit disappointed by the 81 minutes of time we had. (even less without the credits) and the trailer gets you to think the rodent is a main creature. but alas, they torture him. right until the end of the movie. those two gripes docked the movie 2 stars. but i do recommend the movie. even for a sequel.8/10quality: 9/10 entertainment: 7/10 replayable:7/10

while i loved this movie, the trailers that circulated the internet the year before it hit theaters set my expectations a bit high.i own the dvd, so don't get me wrong, i am not saying don't watch it or even buy it! it's just that i still think the first scene was the best, and nothing throughout the entire movie ever topped it.

i wouldn't go so far as to not recommend this movie, since the only problems i have with it are due to an overexposure to the plot devices used in the movie - the sort of things common to every kids movie ever made it seems. that doesn't make it bad, just not something i'd go far.it is a little saccharine, so i might say that for the most part anyone looking for something with a little more wit could be disappointed in an obviously for-kids movie like this.however, all of that goes out the window when that squirrel (the one in all the trailers) comes on-screen. his time is limited, but it seems apparent that the decision makers had the wisdom to tell these guys 'hey, could you stick in a little more squirrel?' every time it's getting intolerably dull. that doesn't save the movie, but you can leave saying 'at least there was one aspect where i couldn't stop laughing.'and of course, visually it won't disappoint, but that's almost a given with pixar flicks. of all of their stuff, i'd put this at the bottom...but that isn't in itself bad.

ice age is not only animation of the year (in my eyes) it's also the best animated feature i've ever seen!the teaser excited me last year and i've spent many happy hours on the website. scrat is cool! and so are the rest of the sub zero heroes.the animation is superb. your heart really goes out to the characters in this film. they have good lines of dialogue and are well developed. it's hard to say which one really steals the picture.i experienced their journey with laughter, tears and amazement. nothing was forced or over done. the emotion was genuine, especially in the dramatic second half. the last film to affect me this deeply was anastasia in 1997, also a fox production. and before that it was the land before time 1988. all possess real charm and seek to entertain all the audience, not just the cynics. 10/10 

this movie had no parts that were hilarious, mostly just average funny units, but it did not have any parts that were really bad either. the worst part was the voice of sid. his slothy slur was just too much for me. by about 5 minutes in i was sick of hearing him talk. aside from the annoying sloth voice the movie was good. there were numerous side jokes which if you catch them make the movie much better. this is a good movie for kids. it has enough in it to keep adults content and enough in it to entertain kids. this one is definitely worth renting if you have kids and want to watch a movie with them.

"ice age" is one of the cartoon movies ever produced by blue sky studios and released in 2002 as the company's first. we are introduced to the main characters: a squirrel named scrat (voiced by chris wedge, and please note: the sound of scrat's screams is the sound of tom's screams from the "tom and jerry" cartoons), a woolly mammoth named manny (voiced by ray romano of "everybody loves raymond"), a sloth named sid (voiced by john leguizamo of "titan a. e."), and a saber toothed tiger named diego (voiced by denis leary of pixar's "a bug's life").the movie opens with scrat trying to bury an acorn and right after that, he caused an avalanche. we then see a herd going south for the coming ice age (except for manny, who is going the other way looking for other mammoths that looked like him). sid comes out of his cave yawning, and saw that his family abandoned him. he then pays toll with some aardvarks. unfortunately, he gets pursued by sylvia (voiced by kirsten johnston of "3rd rock from the sun"), a female orange sloth, who wants sid to go migrating with her. sid eventually teams up with manny, and they became friends.meanwhile, nearby a human tribe, soto (voiced by goran visnjic), an evil saber toothed tiger, wants revenge against the tribe's leader for wiping out half of his pack just by stealing his infant son, roshan, away from him. in the morning, he, diego, and soto's henchmen, lenny (voiced by alan tudyk), oscar (voiced by diedrich bader), and zeke (voiced by jack black) attacked the tribe, but the leader's wife escaped with roshan and gave him to manny and sid to look after. eventually, diego joins them, and went on a journey to return roshan back to his tribe, who are also looking for him as well. relax and watch the rest of the movie and find out, okay? besides manny, sid, diego, scrat, sylvia, and roshan, the supporting characters in there including a pack of wolves that roshan's tribe are using, and not to mention a fat female purple sloth named jennifer (voiced by jane krakowski), and a skinny female yellow sloth named rachel (voiced by lorri bagley), to whom sid shows them roshan as they relax in a tar pit. incidentally, the two rhinos, carl (voiced by cedric the entertainer of pdi's "madagascar"), and frank (voiced by stephen root of pixar's "finding nemo"), who go after sid for ruining their meal and confront manny on a cliff, are simple minor characters. same went for the dodos, who are using melons as their food supply.the gags in this movie are very funny. for instance, manny talks through his trunk saying, "i'm not going!" when jennifer and rachel are out of the tar pit, sid asks jennifer "what do you say if we jump into the gene pool and see what happens?" jennifer then responds to him, "what do you say if you go jump into the tar pit!?" rachel also then kicks sid in the waist. sylvia sees diego holding sid by the neck with his teeth, then she asks sid if he's holding his breath, tells diego to eat him, and promptly walks off.since "ice age" is not only a success, but it has 2 sequels: the first one was "ice age: the meltdown", which was released in 2006, and the other was "ice age: dawn of the dinosaurs", which is going to be releasing next year. i can hardly die waiting to see what "ice age: dawn of the dinosaurs" will be like.

finally i got to see the infamous "ice age". apart from maybe not being as dead funny as i'd hoped for after seeing the brilliant teaser there is not a bad word i can say about it. sure, it's not as glamorous as a disney production(besides, it is fox's 1st attempt at a full length cg movie) but it's got immense heart and on some occasions(like the look in manfred's eyes after we see the sad glimpse of his past) i found myself on the verge of tears. but when they reunited the baby with its father i just couldn't hold them in anymore. a movie that has no trouble walking on the thin line of sappy and cliché and manages to bring more than the best out of it; the end result being one of the most touching animated creations i have ever seen. great funny looking characters that quickly grow on you(and great voice talents as well) and many funny memorable scenes, especially from scrat's behalf make the movie more than enough reason to give it a go. plus the dodo scene, which is my personal favorite funny scene of 2002.i honestly don't get it, but for some reason it really looks like cg animation will be taking the upper hand in the future. but if it just means that there will be more movies like this one (and who can forget pixar's creations) then i don't really mind, at least for now. 9/10

i thought that ice age was an excellent movie! as a woman of 30, with no children, i still seem to really enjoy these humorous, witty animated movies. sid is the best character i have seen in some time, better than bartok in anastasia (although he was really humorous, and i did not think that his character could be matched or even beaten) and even more humorous than melman in madagascar. i have seen the movie at least 15 times (i own it obviously) and i quote the movie at work (on many occasions...yes,still). my favourite scene is the part where sid says "oh, oh, oh, i love this game!" and sid and manny continue to figure out what the squirrel is trying to tell them about the "tigers"..."pack of wolves, pack of bears, pack of fleas, pack of whiskers, pack of noses, pack a derm?, pack of lies, pack of troubles, pack a wallop, pack of birds, pack of flying fish..." or however that part goes! that is the funniest part about the whole movie, although i also really enjoyed the humour behind "putting sloths on the map" and many other parts as well. the only animated movie that can remotely compare to ice age is "brother bear".

i watched 'ice age'in the movie theater and i liked the movie. spite of the fact that 'ice age'has many flaws and scientific errors,like humans,sabers,dinosaurs and mammoths living at the same period, and even the location of where the story passes(looks north america,but has some characteristics from iceland for example) we can have fun even so.(unless you are very severe!) the planet is entering an ice age, and many animals are immigrating to the south where is warmer. sid is a stupid sloth that is left behind by his own family, that can't stand him any longer.walking in his way, he meets manfred,or how he calls '' manny'' a moody mammoth who does not care about extinction or immigration and is going to the north. worried that he can easily be captured, sid decides to follow manfred, and in the middle of their journey, they found a human mother with her baby. the mother dies but manfred and sid decides to take him and return the baby for the humans. diego, one of the sabers, decides to follow and help them to go to a shortcut to the human's camp. what manfred and sid does not know, is that diego is from a saber clan who hates humans and wants to kill the baby, and also pretend to betray they both to make they become saber's food. what will happen, will depend of diego's behavior and conscience...aka "a era do gelo" - brazil

i saw the movie with two grown children. although it was not as clever as shrek, i thought it was rather good. in a movie theatre surrounded by children who were on spring break, there was not a sound so i know the children all liked it. there parents also seemed engaged. the death and apparent death of characters brought about the appropriate gasps and comments. hopefully people realize this movie was made for kids. as such, it was successful although i liked it too. personally i liked the scrat!!

just saw ice age, a very funny and especially nice looking film. the story is simple but effective, the characters lovable and nicely fleshed out but what really shines is the digital set design.more inspired by traditional animated movies than reality, the designs give you a really, really nice looking world in a astounding use of colour. sometimes the touches of reality shine through (especially the water was impressive), but nonetheless, it's a fantasy-world based on reality. including loads of vast landscapes especially helps to minimise the costs of rendering.pixar films shine with technical brilliance, this one shines with effective uses of technical know-how.enough technical babble, the film's entertaining, family-friendly and sometimes just hilariously funny.

i first saw ice age in the subiaco cinemas when it came out, back in '02. i was only 13 at the time, but even then i liked it. it had some sort of warmth.we've had it on video for a number of years now and no matter how many times you watch it, it never gets boring. this is because of the one element which makes it different from all of the other 3d animations made at the time - the characters have no particular 'home' which they leave. they are nomads, and that's really refreshing and uplifting to watch.also, each individual character on the surface, appear to be just putting up with each other, but they're really all good friends. as well, all of the characters have their own charms (even the bad guys). sid the sloth is charming in his annoying, over-affectionate and naive sort of way. manny is adorable in his depressed, reclusive character, and so on and so forth.another great point about the movie is the beauty of the animation. all the environments and characters were modeled originally by clay, giving the film an artistic edge.another aspect that adds to the feel of the movie, is that gender means very little. there are hardly any female characters, but you don't really realize that until after you watch it a few times and even then it has little effect on the way you view the film. due to this, there's also no mention of a nuclear family which would really be pathetic in a setting like the ice age.all in all, ice age is a great movie and is proof on how much effort was put into 3d animations before shrek 2 and the incredibles came out.

this is obviously aimed at the same market as monsters inc and shrek, but is different in its less cartoony feel (despite the deliberately cartoony characteristics of the lead creatures). the story is not one that had a massive in your face moral at the end (its more like its tugging at your shirt sleeves) but chooses just to tell a story about relationships between different "animals." you know the outcome, but you can't help being drawn in. the characters themselves are far more than their voices (the advantage of less famous actors doing the voices), unlike most disney movies. they are well rounded and completely believable, strangely. the group dynamics are brilliantly well presented and the character revelations and quirks are subtle and enjoyable. you will find yourself rooting for them far sooner than you would like to think. the animation is brilliant, as you would expect, and you will be praying for the opportunity to go on the ice slide in the movie. you will fall in love with the characters, especially the comic relief of the prehistoric squirrel and its desperate attempts to bury its nuts. i came out wanting the obligatory merchandise, especially the sloth toy, only to be disappointed the next day when i couldn't find anything vaguely related.which, strangely, makes the movie all the more pure. better than monsters inc or shrek.

i'd have to say this is one of the best animated films i've ever seen. i liked it the first time but really appreciated it on the second viewing, just a few weeks ago. i can see why sequel is doing such great business at the box office. apparently, a lot of people liked this movie.a gorgeous color palette (man, this looks good) and a lot of good adult (but clean) humor make this a big winner. the opening 3-4-minute scene with "scat," is excellent as are subsequent interludes with him. "sid" the sloth (voiced by john leguizano), however, provides the main humor in the movie. he usually has something funny to say throughout the movie.ray romano is the voice of the mammoth, the big character of the film, literally, while denis leary is the ferocious bad-guy-turned-good sabertooth tigerthis isn't just humor and pretty colors but a nice, sentimental story of how a little baby softens up a couple of tough characters. this isn't interrupted with a lot of songs, either: one only brief one and there is nothing offensive, language-wise.if more animated movies were this good, i'd own more.

with a relatively small budget for an animated film of only $60 million the people at fox animation and blue sky studios have done an incredible job.they have combined state-of-the-art digital animation, the perfectly cast voice talents of ray romano, john leguizamo and dennis leary (among many others) to create a highly entertaining, family film with a strong message about cooperation, friendship and caring for your fellow herd members. and how sometimes it takes many different creatures to make up a herd.while watching this film i got a strong political message about getting along with the people that share your space -- maybe it should be required viewing for all world leaders!david newman -- yet another member of the newman family of hollywood composers -- provides a superb score that is not intrusive yet serves to move the action along and, at times, is positively toe tapping.the overall look of the film is incredible; an intensely coloured, strangely believable fantasyland of snow, geysers, mud, rocks and ice. the individual characters were delightfully believable too, with the facial expressions of ray romano's ‘manfred' being a particular treat.the entire sequence with the dodos will leave no doubt as to where the expression `dumb as a dodo comes from.'this is a good family film that keeps the things that could alarm or frighten children pretty much sanitized -- but real nonetheless.it would be a great movie to see in the theater and to buy for home.

this was one of my favorite series when i was a kid. the swedish broadcasting company decided to broadcast it once again a couple of summers ago when i had just finished my first semester of medical school. i was surprised to see the depth in which the organs was explained. sure, some things are simplified but most of it was correct (even though it was made 22 years ago!) and quite understandable. i would suggest that all soon-to-be medical student should watch it. it is a very good way to learn some of the basic medical words for example. now i'm in my 7th semester and i think i'll watch the series once again as soon as i've bought the dvd-box :-)

this tv-series was one of the ones i loved when i was a kid. even though i see it now through the pink-shaded glasses of nostalgia, i can still tell it was a quality show, very educational but still funny. i have not seen the original french version, only the swedish. i have no idea how good the dubbing was, it was too long ago to remember.the premise of the show was to show you how the body works. i swear, school still hasn't taught me half of what i know from this show. it also tied in other things, like what happens if you eat unhealthy food and don't exercise, with nice examples within the body. who wants to have another bar of chocolate when you know miniature virus tanks can invade you? :d the cartoon looked nice, very kids friendly of course, but done with care. cells, viruses, electric signals in the brain, antibodies and everything else are represented by smiling cartoon figures, looking pretty much how you'd expect what they should look like in the animated body.this, and the series about history(especially the environmentally scary finale) were key parts of my childhood. i'm so happy i found them here.

we bought the dvd set of "es war einmal das leben" (german) / "once upon a time... life" (english) for our bilingual kids because everyone loved the "es war einmal der mensch" (german) / "once upon a time... man" (english) series (us parents had seen it as kids) and it has exceeded even high expectations! the series is very well made, does not show its age, and our kids at various ages really like to watch it. at the same time, they learn things us parents didn't know until way, way later. the series covers everything to do with the human body from organs, all senses, blood, infection, antibodies, and much more in animated 20-25 min episodes. topics some people may find "sensible", such as digestion and reproduction are covered in a tasteful, discreet and child-friendly manner (the reproduction episode starts coverage mainly where the baby starts growing), while still (as typical) informative and fun.children are usually fascinated with how their bodies work and through the episodes gain an understanding of this in the context of their environment. the format of the episodes switches between the outside world (a family with 2 children) and the inside of the body. for example, in the episode covering infections, the boy cuts himself accidentally and the wound gets infected and the episode covers how the body reacts to this. similarly, the episodes on the senses, e.g. hearing, seeing, link what happens inside the body to the context of the outside world and the episode on respiration and circulation of oxygen in the blood covers the complete lifecycle including (briefly) where the oxygen comes from (plants).this is one of the best ever children's programs - i would say it's a must see for every family with kids!

this is a cartoon series where most of the action takes place in the human body where the actors are vitamins, viruses, blood cells etc. i will not try to explain it in more details, you will simply have to see it for yourself: you will not be disappointed.i remember watching this as a kid in the 80s (with swedish voices). i have talked with a few people who were also children in the 80s and they loved it also! i must admit that the education-part of the episodes didn't get through to me at a conscious level but the whole idea of educating children while they have fun is wonderful. i have recently seen a few episodes; there is a humour and heart in it that is hard to find in other children programs nowadays.5/5

this animation tv series is simply the best way for children to learn how the human body works. yes, this is biology but they will never tell it is.i truly think this is the best part of this stream of "educational cartoons". i do remember you can find little books and a plastic body in several parts: skin, skeleton, and of course: organs. in the same stream, you'll find: "il était une fois l'homme" which relate the human history from the big bang to the 20th century. there is: "il était une fois l'espace" as well (about the space and its exploration) but that one is more a fiction than a description of the reality since it takes place in the future.

