the haunted world of edward d. wood, jr. isn't a particularly good documentary. aesthetically, it's lackluster and cheap looking, the people in it go off on tangents which make it very unfocused and in-cohesive, but this adds to it's charm. i say this because it's a documentary about an oddball that made oddball pictures and surrounded himself with fellow oddballs and, as such, there's really no other way to document the life and career of the man and his crew of misfits. there are some glimpses of insight into both the genius and the ineptness of wood, and the portrayal of both qualities is a credit to the genuineness of the documentary. overall, it's worth a watch for the wood fan and those of cinema in general, but don't expect brilliance here. expect a documentary made after wood's own heart.

i originally caught this back in 1996 in its one week run at a movie theatre. i was under impressed by it and my feelings haven't much changed.documentary about the infamous edward d. wood jr. covering his life and movies. there are interviews with people who worked with him or knew him. they include: vampira, dolores fuller, bela lugosi jr., loretta king, gregory walcott and paul marco. interviews are mixed with clips from the movies or some bizarre recreations. it is interesting (somewhat) but was this really needed? i've seen all of wood's films and they're just terrible. wood had ambitions but not a bit of talent to carry them out. i wouldn't say he was the worst director ever but he's down there. do we really need a docu on a very mediocre film maker? i do like the fact that they didn't try to make wood out to be some sort of saint. more than a few of those interviewed (especially lugosi jr.) pretty much hated the man and it comes through loud and clear. also they totally ignore his films in the adult film industry in the 1960s and 70s. still it's of interest if you're a wood fan. the best interviews are with vampira (who tears wood apart) and dolores fuller (a long time girlfriend).

i loved this film. not being a swooning ed wood jr. fan, i prefer to appreciate his "boundless enthusiasm" and acknowledge his shortcomings. his movies are fun, but his personal story is one racked with pain. i hoped, and was delighted to find, that this film would be about understanding his turbulent life, rather than simply heaping him with posthumous praise. from beginning to end, this film evolves from a documentary into a mythology, leaving the cast and the viewer unexpectedly connected to each other and to ed wood jr.what we get are people who knew ed wood the best talking about him from all perspectives, positive and negative, and showing us their character as much as ed's. we get insight into ed's personal and professional life: from his romances, to his drinking, to his sexuality, to his friends, to his enemies, and even to his film making.the film itself is shot in a low-budget way that seems done out of respect for ed, as if using the techniques of most theatrically released movies from 1996 would be disrespectful (sort of like wearing a nicer suit than the president). the set designer uses a sense of humor and also a great deal of insight when matching each cast member with their background.fans will be excited to hear personal testimony regarding ed wood controversies, and new comers will be amazed that this man was real. the dvd is full of impossible to find gems ("crossroads of lorado" and photo galleries), but the real treasure of this film is the surprisingly engaging and interconnected story.ed wood had a habit of defining people through their association with him (for better or worse), to the point where one woman will go down in history as "swimming pool owner" for once letting him and his friends be baptized in her pool. this ability to define a person's legacy comes through universally, as the most amazing effect of the film is to not only give a well rounded idea of the man that was ed wood jr., but also to give a comprehensive view of the community that he created. somehow, without ever having more that one cast member being interviewed on screen at a time, the connection that ed wood created amongst the various people in his life becomes clear, and the viewer is left with great sense of involvement.even the title hints at the b-list horror genre, but by the end, we see that even this is a kindness. what begins as unrelated stories by random people ends with the conclusion that all of the cast will be forever weaved into an unpredictably cohesive fabric that history will bring into haunting unity with wood's legend.in many ways a living contradiction, ed wood jr. could not be condensed to a single viewpoint. this collaborative effort is the closest to knowing him that we can ever get. being itself a juxtaposition of themes, it is at once respectful, provocative, thoughtful, gripping, fun, sad, kind, and fulfilling.

"the haunted world of edward d. wood, jr." is the definitive documentary on the life of the man who brought us such movies as "glen or glenda", "bride of the monster", and, of course, "plan 9 from outer space". this exquisite film far exceeds where other documentaries, such as "look back in angora" and "the plan 9 companion", failed. it rounds up his surviving entourage, many of whom have passed away since filming, and gives an honest examination of ed wood and his work. nostalgic in the fact that it looks back at the darker corner of yesteryear hollywood, sentimental in its treatment of the director (down to the haunting music), this documentary is an absolute must-see for anyone who loves the director who so failed in his day. the entire two hours of the film lovingly and retrospectively pieces together ed's life and untimely death for the viewer. best watched at 3 am while wearing an angora sweater.

i have to agree with mr. caruso jr lanza,s was the finest voice god had to offer if only he could have found the courage to go for broke leave hollywood and head for the opera he could have been the american caruso everyone says he could have been but in any case he is a fantastic introduction to the art form no bones about it and if thats the way its gonna be so be it. see the film you'll see why mr lanza still come up in discussion even in my house. someone says pavarotti i say mario lanza.as for the film itself when will it be on dvd they must have it restored and vhs isn't good enough but this should also be the only lanza film put on dvd the others are down right bad and boring .

the great caruso displays the unique talents of mario lanza. he shows great acting capacity and is in top form as a lyrical singer, paired with dorothy kirsten, soprano of the metropolitan opera. indeed, i dare to say that he performs some songs better than caruso (check a'vuchella from tosti and la danza from rossini). the mgm art and music departments also did a good job. this movie could be perfect, were it not for the awkward presence of ann blyth; we see that she is trying her best, dressed in the fifties style in scenes just before 1920 - unforgivable. lanza deserved a better leading lady, and blyth should stick to less demanding productions. also notice that ms. kirsten sings most of the opera duets of the film with lanza, giving the wrong notion that caruso had a kind of permanent leading soprano.

this is a most handsome film. the color photography is beautiful as it shows the lavishness of the metropolitan opera house in brilliant color. other indoor scenes at various mansions, etc are equally brilliant. as for the music, what more can be said other than that lanza's voice was at its' peak as he sang so many of the worlds' best known and beloved arias. the marvelous dorothy kirsten is also a joy as her soprano voice blends with that of lanza in delightful harmony. of course, hollywood took their customary liberties with the life story of caruso. there is precious little in the story line that relates to actual events. for example, the facts relating to his death are totally fabricated and bear no relationship to the truth. there are some very good web sites that tell the true story of caruso and contain several pictures of him. these web sites can be located by using any good search engine. there are also several books available concerning his life history. but, the fictional story line does nothing to mar this beautiful film. the voices of lanza, kirsten, and the chorus members are the real stars of this movie. enjoy, i know that i sure did.

mario lanza, of course, is "the great caruso" in this 1951 film also starring ann blyth, dorothy kirsten, eduard franz and ludwig donath. this is a highly fictionalized biography of the legendary, world-renowned tenor whose name is known even today.the film is opulently produced, and the music is glorious and beautifully sung by lanza, kirsten, judmila novotna, blanche thebom, and other opera stars who appeared in the film. if you're a purist, seeing people on stage smiling during the sextet from "lucia" will strike you as odd - even if caruso's wife dorothy just had a baby girl. also it's highly unlikely that caruso ever sang edgardo in lucia; the role lay too high for him.in taking dramatic license, the script leaves out some very dramatic parts of caruso's life. what was so remarkable about him is that he actually created roles in operas that are today in the standard repertoire, yet this is never mentioned in the film. these roles include maurizio in adriana lecouvreur and dick johnson in "girl of the golden west," there is a famous photo of him posing with a sheet wrapped around him like a toga. the reason for that photo? his only shirt was in the laundry. he was one of the pioneers of recorded music and had a long partnership with the victor talking-machine company (later rca victor). he was singing jose in carmen in san francisco the night of the earthquake.instead, the mgm story basically has him dying on stage during a performance of martha, which never happened. he had a hemorrhage during "l'elisir d'amore" at the met and could not finish the performance; he only sang three more times at the met, his last role as eleazar in la juive. what killed him? the same thing that killed valentino - peritonitis. his first role at the met was not radames in aida, as indicated in the film, but the duke in rigoletto. so when it says on the screen "suggested by dorothy caruso's biography of her husband," that's what it was - suggested. what is true is that dorothy's father disowned her after her marriage, and left her $1 of his massive estate. they also did have a daughter gloria together (who died at the age of 79 on 10/7/2007). however, caruso had four other children by a mistress before he married dorothy.some people say that lanza's voice is remarkably like caruso's, but just listen to caruso sing in the film "match point" -- caruso's voice is remarkably unlike lanza's. in fact, from his sound, had he wanted to, caruso could have sung as a baritone. he is thought to have had some trouble with high notes, further evidence of baritone leanings; and the role he was preparing when he died was othello, a dramatic tenor role, which lanza definitely was not. lanza's voice deserved not to be compared with another. he made a unique contribution to film history, popularizing operatic music. he sings the music in "the great caruso" with a robust energy; he is truly here at the peak of what would be a short career. his acting is natural and genuine. ann blyth is lovely as dorothy and gets to sing a little herself.really a film for opera lovers and lanza fans, which are probably one and the same.

yes, be my love was mario lanza's skyrocket to fame and still is popular today. his voice was strong and steady, so powerful in fact that mgm decided to use him in the great caruso. lanza himself thought he was the reincarnation of caruso. having read the book by kostelanitz who wrote a biography of lanza, he explains that the constant practise and vocal lessons became the visionary caruso to lanza. there is no doubt that lanza did a superb job in the story, but the story is not entirely true; blame it on hollywood! i used to practise singing his songs years ago, and became pretty good myself until i lost my voice because of emphysema/asthma ten years ago. reaching the high note of be my love is not easy; but beautiful!

since musicals have both gone out of fashion and are incredibly expensive to make without all the talent needed to make one under contract to a studio, i doubt we will ever get a real life story of enrico caruso. but if everything else was in place it was no accident that no hollywood studio attempted the task until metro-goldwyn-mayer had mario lanza under contract. no one else could have done it, i doubt whether it will ever be tried again.and why should it. i think enrico caruso himself would have been satisfied as to how his singing was portrayed on screen. for his tenor voice was his life, his reason for being on the earth. to say that liberties were taken with his life is to be modest. caruso, like the man who portrayed him, was a man of large appetites although with a lot more self discipline. he had numerous relationships with several women and fathered two out of wedlock sons who are not in this film. his contribution to the recording industry is treated as almost an afterthought. he's shown in a recording studio once late in his life. actually he started recording right around the turn of the last century and together with irish tenor john mccormack for rca victor made the recording industry what it became.when caruso and mccormack were at their heights you had to practically inherit a ticket to see either of them perform live. but a lot of immigrant italian and irish families had a phonograph and a record or three of either of these men. it's why both became the legends that they are.what the film does have is some beautifully staged operatic arias done by mario lanza, a taste of what he might have become had he the discipline of a caruso to stick to opera. the great caruso won an oscar for sound recording and received nominations for costume and set design.mario himself helped popularize the film with an rca red seal album of songs from the great caruso. unfortunately due to contractual obligations we couldn't get an actual cast album with ann blyth, dorothy kirsten, and jarmila novotna also.though blyth sang it in the film, lanza had a big hit recording of the loveliest night of the year further helping to popularize the great caruso.if you're looking for a life of enrico caruso, this ain't it. if you are looking for a great artist singing at the height of his career, than you should not miss the great caruso.

the great caruso was the biggest hit in the world in 1951 and broke all box office records at radio city music hall in a year when most "movergoers" were stay-at-homes watching their new 7" motorola televisions. almost all recent box office figures are false --- because they fail to adjust inflation. obviously today's $10 movies will dominate. in 1951 it cost 90c to $1.60 at radio city; 44c to 75c first run at loew's palace in washington dc, or 35c to 50c in neighborhood runs. what counts is the number of people responding to the picture, not unadjusted box office "media spin." the genius of the great caruso was that the filmmakers took most of the actual life of enrico caruso (really not a great story anyway) and threw it in the trash. instead, 90% of the movie's focus was on the music. thus mgm gave us the best living opera singer mario lanza doing the music of the best-ever historic opera singer enrico caruso. the result was a wonderful movie. too bad lanza would throw his life and career away on overeating. too fat to play the student prince, edmund purdom took his place --- with lanza's voice dubbed in, and with the formerly handsome and not-fat lanza pictured in the advertising. if you want to see the great caruso, it's almost always on ebay for $2.00 or less. don't be put off by the low price, as it reflects only the easy availability of copies, not the quality of the movie.

this movie does a great job of explaining the problems that we faced and the fears that we had before we put man into space. as a history of space flight, it is still used today in classrooms that can get one of the rare prints of it. disney has shown it on "vault disney" and i wish they would do so again.

i have not seen this movie! at least not in its entirety. i have seen a few haunting clips which have left me gagging to see it all. one sequence remains in my memory to this day. a (very convincing looking) spacecraft is orbiting the dark side of the moon. the pilot releases a flash device in order to photograph the hidden surface below him. the moon flashes into visability . . . . and for a few seconds there it is. parallel lines, squares, could it be .. then the light fades and the brief glimse of ...what... has gone and it is time for the spacecraft to return to earth. wonderful. i have seen some other clips too but would love to obtain the full movie.

this documentary was nominated for an oscar and it's easy to see why. even 45 years later, it is quite an impressive piece of work. why it isn't in-print is a mystery that only disney can explain. good use of live footage and animation in tandem. this used to run as part of "vault disney" every few months or so, but i haven't seen it listed in quite a while. *sigh* most recommended.

oh, where are you going, my little one, little one...turn around and you're two, turn around and you're four...i remember these shows when they were first broadcast on disneyland. i remember sitting there, electrified by werner van braune's explanations of rocket science. i watched as history, science and humor were all interwoven in an engrossing story of possibilities.that was fifty years ago. and the shows are back in the disney treasures series, and what a treasure they are. i watched them last night and tonight with my 8 year old daughter, who at first would not even come in the room, but later changed her mind when she saw they were partly animated. as she watched i watched her, and by the end she was nearly as engrossed as i had been.turn around and you're a young wife with babes of your own...sure, some of the predictions about reaching the moon were wrong. but there is a lot of information that is still quite accurate, and the overall presentation is still impressive. i found myself thinking my daughter's teacher might want to show them to her class, not only as a 50 year old artifact, but also as fun and easy to understand lessons in history.turn around, turn around, turn around and again...you're wondering how much has really changed in 50 years.

this picture came out in 1975 and it was the second in the three part series of the life of sheriff buford pusser. bo svenson takes over the role of sheriff buford pusser, and luke askew plays the role of mobster pinky dobson. the last that we saw sheriff pusser he was laying in a hospital bed after him and his wife who was killed in ambushed sunday morning drive. after pusser recovers he goes after the men that killed his wife. is pusser able to complete the revenge that he's after or does the mob try to take him out before he successes. the only thing that bother me about this picture that this was an actual true story. how could you leave in a town with this kind of crime and yet don't do anything about it. since there was real no name actress in this picture i can't give it 10 weasel stars but i can give 8

this second film is just as interesting as the previous one except that there is no suspense. we know what he is going to do and what is going to happen before it is even hinted at on the screen. then the pleasure comes only from the way the various tricks happen and the succession of them. we know there will be dynamite in the car, that he will lose a wheel, that the car will have a crash, just to speak of the car. and that is what happens. now the details and the particulars are for you to discover them in the film. that he may be baited by some dumb woman is obvious and has to come but we know that he has already seen through her and that he knows he is being dragged into a trap. now, how is he going to get out of it? that's what you must discover by yourself. and don't worry he will get the main trafficker but how is another story. a speed boat is no match to our busy beaver on the river. we also know when he is going to be wounded. they did not know what bullet-proof jackets were in those days. it's true recently it was discovered that some gis did not have that kind of equipment in iraq. but what is the meaning of such a film? this insistence on hunting the traffickers and this blindness that does not see that it is the prohibition that creates the problem. but the film is a constant and perfect illustration that there is no value what so ever that can stand in the way of this moralistic crusade against the forces of evil. why not simply legalize these goods so that they can be properly observed and under surveillance? when something is not illegal or pushed out of the way it is all the less fun to use them, to do them. it is the forbidden or the restricted that is attractive.dr jacques coulardeau, university paris dauphine, university paris 1 pantheon sorbonne & university versailles saint quentin en yvelines

this was the first "walking tall" movie i saw, i think in a $2 movie theater along hollywood blvd. , so i didn't have any reference to the first installment done by joe don baker. i remember being shocked at the corrupted system of mcnairy county and the brutality of the "redneck gangs". i was also amazed at the fact that one man decided he's not going to let it slide, and went out to do something about it. courageous ? i thought so - to a point where it sent shivers up my spine.i think this movie is a great story about american courage to stand up and do something about a system that's only serving its own interest. i was pretty blown away about it, and think this is still one of the best movie of the hero/anti-hero genre, which one might laugh but includes recent movies like the "the punisher", but even more so because it's a true story. the recent remake starring the "rock" just doesn't do any justice to the real fire in the story of buford pusser.a "classic" that i'm sure will resurface again in the future.

i first watched the walking tall movies when i was about 8 years old and i thought both joe don baker and bo svenson did a great job, they must have anyway because since watching the movies, i have tried to learn as much about the real sheriff buford pusser as i can. all 3 parts of the movie gave me chills and buford pusser was a true hero, i only wish he were alive today and that there were more people like him. i would love to thank him for getting rid of all the crime and being so brave. i am very sorry that his family had to go through such horror and pain. my heart goes out to them. so from a 30 year old fan of sheriff pusser and of the 3-part walking tall movies and the actors that portrayed him, please do not be negative about these movies and actors, they were only trying to let us know what a wonderful man the real buford pusser was and what a great family he had. and to all the young people who may have not heard much about buford, i suggest you watch the walking tall movies and learn more about him.

this film may have a questionable pedigree because it was made for tv, but it is one of the best movies i've seen. the film and its actors won several awards. it is gripping, fascinating, and it will absorb you completely. the story of a chase for a killer in iron-curtain russia by people who are willing to risk their careers to try to save lives of future victims would be a compelling story if it were fiction -- but it's ostensibly a true story. i highly recommend it.

steven rea plays a forensic scientist thrust on the job in sovie russia in 1982..in the very first hours of his job a body of a murdered girl is brought in..he has his workers go back to look for evidence and they bring back five more bodies..this starts the story of the hunt for one of the worst serial killers in modern day history..it is a stark depressing dark movie that explores how the bureaucracy of the old soviet union indirectly contributed or caused the deaths of many of the killers victims.it also explores in donald sutherland's character how the proper usage of bureaucracy in a communist govt can help achieve the ultimate goal of finding a monster a gripping movie not for all but for those who like a good detective story that will hold your interest this is definitely a must see on a scale of one to ten.. 9

excellent film. the whole picture was filmed in budapest, so i feel proud. my little problem was that the trains in the film belonged to the hungarian state railways (máv), and it is plain to see that they were used in big train, not in the local railway - according to the story chikatilo picked up his victims in local railway stations. apart from this, the film is superb.

this is a fascinating account of the hunt for the soviet union's first known serial killer. i had tuned in, just expecting a half-decent tv movie, but found myself drawn by the compelling way the story was told. as others have said, there is much to admire here that is sadly lacking in many big screen releases.much of the credit must go to chris gerolmo, whose intelligent screenplay and direction draw the viewer in, until it is impossible not to feel emotionally involved. the acting by the whole cast is also superb, especially that of the two leads, stephen rea and donald sutherland. their convincing portrayals give their character arcs a great deal of credibility, and the scene where they have their first committee meeting after perestroika is genuinely touching.if you prefer your crime films with a bit more depth and a little less sheen, i strongly recommend you look out for 'citizen x'.

this movie was excellent. it details the struggle between a committed detective against the dedicated ignorance of the corrupted communist regime in russia during the 80's. i give this movie high marks for it's no-holds-barred look into the birth and development of forensic investigation in a globally isolated (thanks to the "regime") community. this is a graphic movie. it presents an unsensationalized picture of violence and it's tragic remains. nothing is "candy-coated" with overdone blood or gore to separate us from the cruel reality on the screen. this movie is based on russian serial killer andrei chikatilo. i'm familiar enough with the true story to have a very deep appreciation for how real they kept the film. it's not a comedy, but for those who appreciate dry and dark humor, this movie is a must-see.

citizenx(1995) is the developing world's answer to silence of the lambs. where `silence' terrorized our peace of mind, `citizen' exhausts and saddens us instead. this dramatization of the chikatilo case translates rather well, thanks to a westernized friendship between two rostov cops who become equals.citizenx may also argue against(!) the death penalty far better than kevin spacey's the life of david gayle(2002).humans are machiavellian mammals, under which lie limbic brains (lizard-logic). why did two kids, who knew better, stone to death a toddler they kidnapped? why do bloodthirsty women yell `li-lilililililii' at acts of obscene terrorism? -my own term for this is `limbic domination', the lizard-logic urge to dominate an `enemy'. if you have the words `enemy'/`vengeance' in your vocabulary, you're easily capable of `limbic domination'.in wwii-devastated 1980s rostov (located at the mouth of the don river near the black sea), nothing suppressed andrei chikatilo's urge for `limbic domination' from overpowering his layers of civilization. chikatilo(jeffrey demunn)'s easy victims were paupers, usually children, who rode the interurban train for fun, since they couldn't afford anything else.citizenx reminds us that the denials of a rampant soviet bureaucracy cost the lives of 52 such `lambs'. rostov's serial killer roamed free for almost 7 years after the police arrested and let him go.the politicization of crimefighting is harmful to police forces everywhere. although policing routinely suffers from corruption all over the world, in the west, vote-grabbing by politicians can set up chronic inter-agency rivalries, stymieing a more coordinated response to crime. in the soviet union of citizenx, however, viktor burakov(stephen rea)'s killer department was suffering from a repressive bureaucracy.geoffrey demunn plays the psychosexually inadequate chikatilo with faultless but understated authority--to the point of complete obscurity. in real life, too, chikatilo had a lifetime's experience blending in and evading capture.his pursuer, on the other hand, sticks out as a strange bird, given to unheralded, naive outbursts. perhaps by design, stephen rea gives a very strange performance as forensics chief burakov. rea's russian accent is impenetrable; and his burakov is humourless and sullen, at odds with everyone.so it's donald sutherland who walks away with the picture. sutherland's col.fetisov, burakov's boss, and at first his only supporter, is an overly restrained, patient militiaman whose dignified carriage bears testimony to decades of bureaucratic machinations. his reawakening as a logic-driven yet still passionate cop becomes the film's cornerstone idealism.joss ackland does another turn as a vicious apparatchik, secretary of communist ideology bondarchuk, overseeing the investigation. naturally, he quashed the arrest of the most likely suspect, a communist, in 1984, a man carrying rope and a knife in his bag, supposedly going home: andrei chikatilo.soon, he replaced burakov with another moscow apparatchik, detective gorbunov(john wood), insisting that the investigation now focus on `known homosexuals'. the funniest scene of this sad, sad film comes during bondarchuk's & gorbunov's institutionalized harassment: one stupid cop earnestly reports, `as i suspected, comrade, it's fornication. i've made some drawings'--cue howling laughter.5yrs after the bodies began piling up, in 1987, the police finally tried soliciting criminal profiles. the only cooperating soviet psychiatrist was dr aleksandr bukhanovsky(max von sydow), who termed the unsub `citizenx'. he later also observed to fetisov & burakov that `...together you make a wonderful person'. we concur.the drawn-out pace, spread over a decade, perfectly captures the institutional inertia of glasnost--`openness'--that wasn't. the contrast with perestroika--`restructuring'--couldn't've been greater for the case. although chikatilo was still prowling railway stations, police plans were about to bear fruit.in 1990, col.fetisov was expeditiously promoted to general. his nemesis bondarchuk disappeared off the scene, allowing the investigation to finally proceed without political interference. staff, communications, publicity--suddenly all were available. in just one night of telephoning around, fetisov got his depressed forensics chief access to the fbi's serial murder task force at quantico, where, fetisov discovered, staff are regularly rotated off serial murder cases to stave off just such psychological damage to investigators.fetisov advises his newly promoted forensics chief, now `colonel' burakov, of all these changes in an avalanche of confession that becomes the movie's powerhouse watershed scene. fetisov's is the most tender apology i've ever seen on film: `privately, i offer my deepest apologies to you and your wife. i hope that someday you can forgive me my ignorance', he almost whispers.a hbo production, citizenx is a film of the highest caliber. not only do the exteriors look authentically bleak (shot exclusively in the most run-down parts of otherwise spectacular budapest), but randy edelman's soaring soundtrack is entirely overwhelming--and frequently our only respite from the bleak brutality. those who speak hungarian will recognize the many hungarian accents and credits.chikatilo's actual murders are depicted as bleak, aberrant behaviour born of character flaws and ignorance in an equally bleak world. this makes the murders seem not-entirely-out-of-place--but of course they were. as president kennedy reminded us, `we all cherish the futures of our children'.citizenx communicates perfectly that killing is far more grisly and obscene than any vengeance fantasy might imply. serial rapists rape to dominate; serial killers kill to dominate. so do some soldiers. such `limbic dominators' make poor humans.warning-spoiler:----------------------------------------------- the real andrei chikatilo was the world's most prolific known serial killer. convicted, he was executed in 1992 in the manner of all soviet union death sentences: one shot, in the back of the head. foolishly, such methods destroy any possibility of studying a deviant brain after death.conclusion:------------------------------------------------------------ the best outcome is always the prevention of killings, not their prosecution. executions merely guarantee society's failure to learn from the complex reality of victims' deaths when we dispatch even anecdotal evidence of how/why they died. nor do killers learn regret if they're dead.vengeance doesn't unkill victims. baying for the killer's blood constitutes nothing better than counter-domination--once it's too late.vengeance on behalf of the grieving isn't justice for the deceased--it's appeasement of the living.(10/10)

i was surprised at how fascinating this movie was. the performances were extremely good, especially by rea as the compassionate no-nonsense detective.despite a low budget, no big fx or flashy camerawork, citizen x somehow manages to surpass the majority of similar big hollywood films by just. telling. the. story.true stories tend to end with a whimper rather than a bang, and that's the case here, but apart from that, this is a highly recommended detective yarn.

this is an excellent movie. it is about many things: the hunt for a serial killer, the bureacracy of soviet russia, the drive of one man, and the relationship between this man (the lead detective) and his superior.the thing that sticks with me the most is the relationship between durokov (rea) and fetisov (sutherland) (excuse bad spelling, please!). for some reason, it is moving to see their evolution from hostility and offense turning into respect and cameraderie and working together. one line in the movie sums it up for me: "he would say something witty, but he is overcome with emotion."excellent acting by all of the cast, even the smallest parts were done with believability.this is not a fast-paced action thriller; in fact, it moves at times like a slow drama, but it is worth it. very satisfying and not exploitative about the crimes at all.

"citizen x" is the superbly told true story of the hunt for one of history's worst serial killers. what makes this story even more compelling is where and when it took place; the soviet union in the 1980's.** mild spoilers ** viktor burakov (magnificently played by stephen rea) is a newly promoted forensic investigator for the rostov oblast militia. he discovers past and present unsolved murders, apparently by the same person. the murders are unsolved because no one has ever taken the trouble to properly investigate the evidence. he is driven to find and stop the killer. his only tools are his dedication, skill and honesty. his obstacles are the corruption and political ideology of the soviet system that discourages the search for truth. his naiveté would have led to failure were it not for his boss, col. mikhail fetisov (donald sutherland). fetisov is a politically astute cynic who understands the game and knows how to deal with the soviet bureaucracy. however, he also shares burakov's desire to bring a murderer to justice, even if the official party line is "there are no serial killers in the soviet union!" the cast is outstanding. the locations and sets are perfect recreations of latter day soviet life. randy edelman's score is particularly good. more important, this film shows a dark and disturbing criminal phenomenon with both intensity and poignancy. this was a made-for-cable movie by hbo films and they have become a great resource for films that would otherwise never be made.

the poor dvd video quality is the only reason why i gave this movie a 9 instead of a 10. that could have been so much better, this movie deserves it.this is truly a movie that covers several themes simultaneously. if you do not like movies about serial killers, but are fascinated by the astonishing bureaucratic culture in the former sovjet union, this movie is a must-see anyway.i can't compare it to "silence of the lambs" for several reasons. the way the serial killer is portrayed, has been done far much better in citizen x. you see several details of his private life, because you "travel" along with the killer, which gives you some idea of the source of his constant anger and sexual frustration.the only other movie i have seen that is as realistic as this one was "henry - portrait of a serial killer". if you were fascinated by that movie you definitely need to take a look at citizen x.

citizen x tells the real life drama of the search for a serial killer dubbed "the rostov ripper" this great film shows the long journey it took to try to apprehend a killer. the film shows how politics may haver helped the killer to continue his rampage for over 12 years. (possibly over 50 victims, mostly women and children) the performances of stephen rea as the lead detective and donald sutherland as the overall investigation lead was superb. jeffrey demunn as the ripper andrei romanovich chikatilo. this is the type of film which will mesmerize you and immediately have you on the internet researching the real case. this a film not to be missed. it debuted i believe on hbo and never did get a theatrical release to my understanding. great film

chris gerolmo took care not to simply give us a `jack-the-stripper' type of list of murdered people: he delved into the psychological characterization with convincing results. perhaps mostly due to stephen rea's excellent performance playing off against donald sutherland with good empathy by both. it was the playing of these two parts – above all – which made the film something more than just a morbid account of the history of the butcher of rostov. supporting actors, especially max von sydow, carried out their parts really well. good directing. the photography was good too. needless to say, the fact that the film was shot in hungary was bound to produce a couple of aberrations, but, frankly, given the depth of the story-telling and interpretations, we can completely forget these little trivialia.for once, a made for tv film from hbo has come up trumps. recommended, especially if you like to analyse characteriology and forget some of the morbid scenes – which, i hasten to add, are never exaggerated.

though i saw this movie years ago, its impact has never left me. stephen rea's depiction of an invetigator is deep and moving. his anguish at not being able to stop the deaths is palpable. everyone in the cast is amazing from sutherland who tries to accommodate him and provide ways for the police to coordinate their efforts, to the troubled citizen x. each day when we are bombarded with stories of mass murderers, i think of this film and the exhausting work the people do who try to find the killers.

i believe this is the most powerful film hbo pictures has made to date. this film should have been released in theaters for the public to view on the big screen. it is available on video so make sure you look for it and check it out. chris gerolmo did a great job with the direction and the screenplay. the performances from stephen rea, donald sutherland and jeffery demunn are flawless. a masterpiece of the genre.

imagine being so hampered by a bureaucracy that a one man spends 8 year's of his life, and has a mental breakdown trying to solve a mass murder case virtually by himself! the murder technique is clear, but a government unwilling to admit the truth let's a monster destroy dozens of lives. when i think my job is stressful, i merely remember the true story behind this wonder flick. the devotion to duty of the main character was masterfully portrayed by rea. the comic (and almost tragic at times) relationship between rea and the sutherland character made this one of my favorite movies of the last 5 years. the catching of one of the worst mass murderers in history had me on the edge of my seat. while not nearly as well advertised and talked about as "silence of the lamb's", the plot was just as suspenseful. rent or buy this movie today!

rea, sutherland, demunn, and von sydow (in a small role) are all brilliant in their performances. sutherland is particularly adept at this sort of role, where he must portray a character whose morality is, at first, uncertain to the audience. as is so often the case with sutherland's characters, we must ask "is he a villian [in this case, a minor one], or a hero?"this is a disturbing story, intelligently told, about the incompetence and fearful bureaucracy in the old soviet union that impeded the efforts of extremely competent people. as sutherland's character wryly notes, "the measure of a bureaucracy is its ability not to make special exceptions". the "committee meeting" (between rea and sutherland's characters) after perestroika is enforced, with its revelations, has enormous emotional impact. you can feel the suffering of the dedicated people who labored in that system.the handful of dramatic scenes portraying victims' family members adds emotional resonance to the impact of the story. this is seldom a feature of a film with this sickening subject matter, but effectively reminds us that the victims had lives, and were loved.this is a sad, but very important film, which deserved its showcase on canada's history television.

okay, let's start off by saying this film is not an exact rendition of the crimes and legal pursuit of andrei chikatilo. while it may have been "official policy" in the politburo that the ussr had no serial killers, in actuality the legal system had handled others, and "killer x" (as he was actually called) was already being sought when fetisov brought burakov onto the case. in fact, as soon as it was realized they had multiple murders on their hands, the authorities assigned a task force of dozens of officers to track down and end the killing spree of a man that did not fit into what is perceived as normal serial killer parameters. it's good the director and writers consistently remind the viewer that the story is only "based upon actual events," for a docudrama this ain't.***spoilers follow****that said, this is a damn good example of a fast-paced hollywood-style thriller that still gets across the basics of what happened. it is easy to follow and has just enough truth behind its version of events to make for compelling viewing. yes, chikatilo raped and murdered both children and adults, both male and female. yes, shoddy lab-work set him free to continue killing for years. yes, innocent men were accused of the murders and "confessed" to their crimes at police urging. yes, the gay community was harassed while the crimes were being committed (albeit with burakov's committed assistance). and yes, chikatilo was brought to confession not by the haranguing of the special prosecutor, gorbunov, but by the gentle understanding of a psychiatrist named bukhanovsky (though gorbunov was really nowhere near the egotistical martinet portrayed in this film). quibbles about truth and veracity aside, all of these events are dramatized in a manner that consistently tightens the tension and fear.it doesn't hurt that director and co-writer chris gerolmo has a pitch perfect cast. stephen rea's growing emotional involvement in the killings and developing expertise in detecting clues, donald sutherland's snarky manipulation of the soviet party hacks and subtle spine that becomes evident when it is needed, jeffrey demunn's seething undercurrent of rage hidden by a fear-filled demeanor, max von sydow's boyish excitement at being part of a criminal investigation all enhance the sharp dialog and crisp editing in ways that cannot be underestimated.taken for what it is, "citizen x" is almost pitch perfect (the "almost" due to one moment of self-congratulation at the end that just does not fit). highly recommended as fiction well-told, not fact being presented...but considering the junky "serial killer" movies that hollywood usually spits out, that's good enough for me.

a superb and compelling drama about the hunt for the notorious russian serial killer andrea chikatilo. magnificent performance from stephen rea as the forensic scientist put in charge of the investigation, who finds the biggest obstacle to his progress is the russian government, in particular the old communist party members who want to maintain a closed society.the film is has an underlying theme about the decline of the communist society, and progress in the hunt for the killer is reflected by progress in social and political change in russia, which is subtly put across. there is a conflict of old ways and new ways, and these are represented by the two viewpoints of rea's superior (played by donald sutherland), and rea himself . these are at first polarised, with sutherland 'high' in system looking down, and rea 'low' on the ground, looking up. however, they have a common cause – to catch the serial killer.throughout the film the relationship between these two develops, and the tension gradually eases until at the end of the movie rea and sutherland and rea and sutherland have mutual respect for each other, the killer is caught, and glasnost symbolically comes. excellent script.further credits go to sutherland's performance, which is superb and sympathetic, jeffrey demunn as the killer whom we despise but can't hate, and max von sydow, who is thoroughly convincing as the humble psychologist who risks his reputation to help.

caution: may contain spoilers...i've seen this movie 3 times & i've liked it every time. upon seeing it again, i'm always reminded of how good it is. an hbo tv movie- very well done like most of their movies are- this would've gotten oscars for it's performances had it been released for general distribution instead of made for tv.as i'm sure anyone knows from reading other reviews here, this is the story of serial murderer, andrei chikatilo. he murdered 56 people over 8 years in the former soviet union. (3 victims were buried & couldn't be found so he was only convicted of 52 out of 53 of his murders.) the story actually focuses more on the forensic analyst, victor burakov played to perfection by stephen rea. a man that becomes tortured and obsessed with finding this killer despite the additional obstacles placed by party hacks, his part is essential to be sure. there is a very touching scene towards the end of the movie that mentions how in america, investigators are routinely taken off serial killer cases after 18 months whether they want to or not due to the mental strain & frustration. according to this acct, burakov worked for over 5 years before getting his first break from it. he followed the case to its conclusion, 3 years later. in this scene, his superior, general fetisov, played by donald sutherland, actually tells him he admires his dedication and apologizes for not knowing he should've given him a break sooner.rea's performance is so well done, he doesn't overact, chew up the scenery or do anything that distracts from his portrayal of a man who is hell bent on finding his killer. he is a man with passion, but doesn't show it in the same manner as is so usually portrayed in detective movies. he only occasionally gives outbursts after quietly putting up with more than most could stand under such circumstances. rea does so much with his face, his eyes, he doesn't need to overact. he just *is* - his character, so frustrated after so long, at one point, driven to frustration, he actually says he'd rather find 3 at one time than none in a year. of course what he means is not that he wants more people to die, he just wants some clues to catch this man. rea makes us feel for this man. he makes us understand but a glimpse of what it is to live with such horror and futility.a mutant to be sure, chikatilo's childhood was one which produces such "monsters." the character of chikatilo is very well done by jeffrey demunn. he somehow (impossible though it may seem) elicits some modicum of sympathy for himself. perhaps he is the worst of us gone terribly wrong? either way, his performance is very well done.donald sutherland as colonel fetisov (later promoted to general) also does a great job. he starts out seeming to be a cynical worldly official that doesn't seem much more interested in helping the investigation than anyone else blocking burakov. but he eventually becomes more than just an assistant, he actually actively participates in helping burakov. there is also a very nice turn by max von sydow as the psychiatrist brought in to help profile and figure out what kind of deviant they are looking for.although this movie deals with a morbid, grotesque and violent story, it really is more about what it takes to catch a killer than the killer himself. all around a very well done movie with fine performances and a great screenplay. the screenplay manages to do what the best of this type of movie does: give factual events & place them meaningfully inside a dramatic framework that makes you feel like you know the people *behind* the facts.9 out of 10 stars

a surprisingly complex and well crafted study of "the first" serial killer in the ussr. set in the days of perestroika this intense piece is brought to full life with the performances of stephen reah and donald sutherland.this examination of cicatillo as a killer is well rounded and by hinting at some of his behaviors while out right showing others there is a subtlety that is compelling without being overtly graphic. not for the weak of heart however as it's subject matter is often disturbing but necessary to it's full development of the main participants in this fact based story.hbo has furnished us with an excellent film in an unusual manner. congrats to the director and editor of this great piece. it is in my top 10 must see list.

there i was sitting alone in my flat on a saturday night with the choice of watching citizen x or the eurovision song contest , and for the benefit of americans reading this i'll explain that tesc is an annual event where musicians from countries all over europe and asia minor have a song contest. at the end of the contest countries vote to see what the best song was . it's a contest that is even less exciting than it sounds and it may not come as a shock when i say that singing and songwriting isn't of the calibre of lennon and mccartney . and i should correct something in the first sentence of this review because the word " choice " is misleading because being a music lover i wasn't going to watch tesc under any circumstance.so i sat down as the credits rolled for citizen x expecting a run of mill serial killer whodunnit , but i'd be misleading everyone calling it that. it's obvious within the first 10 minutes of citizen x whodunnit . what the film does is point out the failures of communism : " a serial killer comrade ! this is the soviet union , serial killers can only exist in decadent imperialist capitalist systems " this farcical attitude goes far beyond denial , there's a scene where an undercover cop sits in a freezing train station keeping an eye out for potential suspects whilst wearing his police jacket because it's the only warm coat he's got ! and of course all suspects who are members of the communist party are released without interrogation something which will affect the final death toll . all this is very well done as we are shown that it's the communist party system that's on trial but about two thirds of the way through citizen x we find ourselves in 1990 as communism is on its last legs and reforms to the police investigation have taken place . it's at this point that the film becomes rather uninteresting due to a lack of political subtext and the film descends into an average manhunt film . but don't let that put you off , citizen x is an intelligent thriller well played by the cast especially donald sutherland as a paternal police chiefstrangely enough a few years ago i read something written by the famous criminologist colin wilson in which he said something along the lines that serial killers let themselves get caught so that they will be the center of attention in the media spotlight , and i found myself almost sympathising the party chiefs denying there could be a serial killer in the soviet union. after all media is controlled by the party and anyone who's old enough to have listened to radio moscow or read english translations of pravda will know that the ussr only reported news stories like potato harvests , coal production and thank you letters from afghanistan , cuba etc for soviet assistance . the concept of becoming a serial killer in a communist system is illogical . but i guess if a tree falls in a remote siberian forest it will still make a sound even though no one is around to hear it .

spoilers - in as far as i describe characters and their relation to the plot.this is a quality film. the subject matter is at once grim and gripping. the dogged determination of stephen rea's character, burakov, is simply captivating. with any due apologies to him, his hangdog, continually put-upon expression serves the character well. he is, as we in england would say of the inspector taggart tv series character, bound to be grim because he sees three murders a week. well, that's not strictly accurate as chikatila operated over a number of years...you get a real sense of the blankwall resistance of the ussr bureaucracy, brilliantly portrayed by joss ackland (who often seems made for this sort of role).a key character (and i write this as the remake of invasion of the body snatchers is being shown on bbc1) is the donald sutherland character "mikhail fetisov". his quiet support of burakov is steadfast. and it endures through perestroika, and drives the involvement of the fbi for profiling. brilliant.this is a must-see, as far as i am concerned.

this is a truly remarkable piece of cinematic achievement. from the very start i was utterly hooked into the (true) story when lt. viktor burakov (stephan rea) weeps while performing the autopsies on the remains of the children's bodies. this then is the compelling story of andrei chikatilo, wonderfully played by jeffrey demunn (the green mile). in fact, he plays it so well and so sympathetically that the viewer almost starts to pity him, until we remember what he is. the psychiatrist dr. alexandr bukhanovsky, wonderfully played by max von sydow was utterly believable in every detail, and the point he makes when talking about paranoia in the soviet union, is made all too apparent by the behaviour of the local communist commissar bondarchuk played by joss ackland. for me though, the outstanding performance was from donald sutherland, proving once again what a superb character actor he really is. i was almost in tears when he told burakov how the fbi had so closely followed and admired his work. this film puts silence of the lambs into the shade, from the atmospheric and bleak soviet landscape, to the superlative performances by everyone involved. i rate this film 10/10

"citizen x" tells the story of "the butcher of rostov", nickname for a heinous and perverse russian serial killer who claimed 52 lives from 1978-92. the film focuses on the novice detective (rea) who doggedly pursued the killer against all odds in the face of an uncooperative bureaucracy in self-serving and convenient denial. an hbo product for t.v., the film offers a solid cast, good performances, spares the audience much of the grisly details, but plays out like a docudrama sans the stylistics of similar hollywood fare. an even and straight-forward dramatization of a serious and comparatively little known story more interesting than "jack the ripper". (b)

here's an oddity: a modern-day film about a serial killer that has no fight scenes, nobody seen dying, no car chases and no loud noises.....and it takes place in russia. there are only two short action scenes but they are horrific.the rest of the story is detective work, and how much red tape the poor detective had to go through to solve the murders. this is a very somber movie, and "somber" best describes the personality of the hero (stephen rea), as well. yet, the story is not depressing and it's very interesting all the way through.rea is outstanding as the determined, harried-looked detective. jeffrey demunn is downright scary as the killer. donald sutherland's russian accent is suspect but he plays the only character in this film that has some warmth.once again, the story is dotted with liberal agendas, here and there, with not one but two references to bias against gays, the total validity of secular psychology, police and government officials being boorish/crude/bigoted, yadda, yadda, yadda. otherwise, it's an intelligent and refreshingly low-key crime film. this is a somewhat unique film that probably is not well-known but is well-liked by the people who have seen it. since it's based on a true-life account of this killer, it's all the more chilling. don't pass this by just because you haven't anything about it.

there are some excellent comments and observations on this film. i was pleased to note the comparisons to fritz lang's "m" (forget the 50's abortive remake with lightweight david wayne). the real villain is not the tortured murderer (extraordinarily fine performance by jeffery demunn), taking out his sexually frustrated anger on his victims-- mostly children. he is the objective. the real villain is the stifling bureaucratic soviet system, drowning in its own corrupted incompetence. the frustration of an uncompromisingly dedicated man (rea in his best role since "the crying game"), a facile pragmatist who's willing to use the system to his advantage (sutherland always successful in this kind of role), a hesitant, frightened but determined psychiatrist (the incomparable max sydow), the bumbling, boopous bureaucrat of a prosecutor (brilliant brit actor john wood) and the quiet, supporting wife of the driven investigator (delightful supporter, imelda staunton). this is one damn fine film. its darkness and bleakness are supported by the portrayal of a corrupt, incompetent system which works against success. the is no need to dip into gore-laden slice 'n dice sensationalism that has characterized so many recent films. gore is present-- it's a ghastly story-- but it adds to the depicting of a pathologically twisted human being. the success of the story is precisely that: these were acts perpetrated by a person, a human like you or i. where you and i choose to vent our frustration by reasonable means, chikatilo took his anger out on the most innocent and vulnerable of us, our children. the superb premise of this story is made manifest by an equally superb cast of excellent actors. --sadly, i note that our australian friend didn't like the speech and no doubt would have preferred to hear them speaking in aussie dialect. well, too bad. this fine film sure worked for me and everyone else i've talked with who has seen it.

this movie tells an amazing story with history and compassion. from the careful descriptions of the crime scenes to the mental health of the lead investigator, you'll be entranced. it's an absolute must-see for anyone interested in criminology. interpol relations and how the agencies work together are also great. not overly done either. i recommend it for anyone interested in russian history, too. how the police work with the political party being what it was... it is truly fascinating and frustrating. the settings are beautiful. it's been a while since i saw this movie the first time. it doesn't diminish it's impact. not overly dramatic or graphic, it leaves enough to the imagination, well, you'll see.

this has to be one the best movies about serial killers that i've ever seen, and this is coming from someone who absolutely loved silence of the lambs. hbo has hit the jackpot here. this film is compelling from the first moment until the last.this film has so many underlying themes its hard to tell exactly what it is about. it chronicles the decade-long search for the russian serial killer andrea chikatilo. stephen rea gives a brilliantly reserved performance as the inexperienced forensic expert who is put in charge of the investigation, and donald sutherland gives an even more involving performance as his cynical superior, and the only person in the russian government willing to help him. both of their performances are subtle masterpieces---rea begins naive and unwilling to compromise, while sutherland begins detached and almost amused by the situation. towards the end, rea becomes more world-weary and beaten by the system, while sutherland finds himself more passionate and idealistic.in any other movie, i would have said that sutherland's performance stands out above the rest, but here even it is rivaled by jeffrey dumann, as the serial killer himself. dumann brilliantly creates a character here who inspires empathy rather than the hatred we think we would find---he is a monster, but he doesn't want to be, and we get the idea that he is just as disgusted with what he does as we are. he is tortured, ashamed, but vicious as well.if you can take the incredibly dark subject matter, (and it is *very* disturbing), then you should see this movie.

citizen x tells the story of andrei chikatilo, the ripper of rostov, who killed 52 people in 8 years time, mainly women and children. it shows how the investigation was obstructed by soviet bureaucracy, how hard it was to investigate the crimes. it does the job in such a brilliant way that it will leave no-one untouched. in the beginning it's perhaps a little bit slow of pace, but it really grabs you as the story unfolds. i can only say that, next to "the silence of the lambs", this is by far the best movie about a serial killer i've ever seen. it is very hard to say which actor's performance stands out above the rest in this movie. stephen rea is really brilliant as the inexperienced forensic expert who is put in charge of the investigation. donald sutherland's performance as his cynical superior, and the only person in the russian government willing to help him, is as outstanding as rea's. and what to say about jeffrey dumann, playing the serial killer? dumann brilliantly created a character who inspires empathy rather than hatred. yes, he is a monster, but he is also a sad figure, oppressed and ridiculed by his wife, his boss, his co-workers... he is tortured, ashamed, as well as extremely vicious.i can only recommend this movie to everybody who's interested in a well-made docu-drama, where the actors are still more important than the special effects. it deserves at least a 9/10, perhaps even more if you ask me.

i remember following the case of andre chicatillo in the newspapers while i was living in south africa. they had photos of him sitting in his cage while being prosecuted in court. not, as it turned out, to protect the court members, but to protect him from the public. this was fascinating, albeit morbid, reading. i later heard that a film had been made by hbo about the case, but it was made for american tv. bummed! strangely, citizen x got a limited cinematic release in south africa. i charged down to the local ster kinekor complex and duly bought a ticket (i was alone; my girlfriend at the time was only interested in the likes of steel magnolias and fried green tomatoes). wow! what a brilliant film. why wasn't it released to a wider audience? had it not been made for tv, it could have got an oscar nomination or 2. there is no way to spoil the ending; who the killer is is never kept from the audience. jeffrey demunn portrays a truly terrifying psycho. he is calm, downtrodden, considered a failure by his wife and subjected to constant ridicule and humiliation by his superiors at work. by committing these horrendous acts, he gets to feel strong, powerful.fighting to catch him against all odds is a pathologist, played to excellent turn by stephen rea, in one of his strongest performances. he must battle the snail-pace of russian bureaucracy, the primitive resources he has at his disposal and (above all) the refusal by his superiors to acknowledge that the ussr even has a serial killer. the general in charge (joss ackland) says that serial killers are "a decadent, western phenomenon". only donald sutherland is willing to help, but his help must be under the counter. the ever-brilliant max von sydow plays a russian psychiatrist who breaks protocol and decides to help the investigators in their quest. it is the first time in russian history that a shrink is used to build a profile of a serial killer still on the loose, and he has everything to lose if his involvement is made public.citizen x is brilliantly acted, well written and the music and editing only add to the tension and theme of the film. excellent support from a horribly underused imelda staunton and a real sense of impending doom make citizen x a film worth seeing. this was too good to be made for tv

miriam hopkins is "the lady with red hair" in this 1940 biopic of mrs. leslie carter which also stars claude rains as david belasco, richard ainley as lou payne, and a fine cast of supporting players, including laura hope crews and victor jory.miriam hopkins and claude rains give wonderful performances. hopkins was a beautiful actress who really makes us feel for mrs. carter. rains is great as the flamboyant, egotistical producer/writer/actor/impresario david belasco, one of the great names in theater.though mrs. carter's second husband, lou payne, served as adviser on this film, it's a poor representation of the real events of mrs. carter's life. true, there was a much publicized and bitter divorce, and she was undoubtedly viewed as a scandalous character for that and for becoming an actress. however, she had custody of her son dudley, so there was no custody battle. once she broke with belasco, she did not go back to him and, in fact, started working in vaudeville and actually made some films toward the end of her life. she did indeed marry lou, and he became her leading man in many productions.the driving force for mrs. carter in the beginning of this film is regaining custody of her son, but she finally realizes that in her time away from him, he is thoroughly bonded with his father. in the film also (and i'm not sure if it was true in real life) she traveled with her mother and lived in a theatrical boarding house, which gives the film some added interesting atmosphere.not a bad movie, probably not a depiction of the greatness of either carter or belasco. one of mrs. carter's most famous moments was in the heart of maryland, where she wore a wig with six-foot tresses. off-stage, fans blew her hair as she hung 35 feet above the stage clutching the center of a bell to keep it from ringing. quite a visual.

i had seen lady with red hair back when it appeared, and didn't remember it as something to cherish. the truth is that, notwithstanding its base in a true story, its screen play is silly and unbelievable. the real merit of the picture is the cast. a constellation of some of the best supporting players of the 30's and 40's make a background for the delicate, intelligent work of the always underrated miriam hopkins, and the wonderful, spectacular performance of claude rains, who, as usual, is the best thing in the picture. what an actor! he never won an oscar, but he is in the good company of chaplin, garbo and hitchcock. perhaps lady with red hair contains his best work in films. see it and enjoy him.

as a biographical film, "the lady with red hair" (the story of how director /producer/playwright david belasco transformed notorious society divorcee mrs. leslie carter into an international stage star) is certainly not in a league with that other warner's biopic of similar vintage, "yankee doodle dandy" (what is?), but "lady" is an enjoyable film in its own right--and shares quite a few traits in common with the cagney classic. like "yankee doodle dandy," "the lady with red hair" brims over with old -time show-business flavor. (among other things, both films feature delicious theatrical boarding-house sequences as well as the inevitable scenes set backstage and in theatrical managers' offices.) also, in "lady" as in the cohan biopic, the supporting cast is made up of familiar and beloved character actors of the period, all doing the sort of top-notch work we remember them for. need i add that, again like "yankee doodle dandy," "the lady with red hair" doesn't let the truth get in the way of telling a good story? but, also like "dandy," "lady" does manage--gloriously!--to convey the esssence of its show-business-giant hero's larger-than-life personality. everyone knows that cagney limned cohan for all time in his brilliant and affectionate portrayal in "yankee doodle dandy"--but few moviegoers realize that claude rains did a similar service for david belasco in "the lady with red hair"- -and did it with a panache that almost equals cagney's.rains-as-belasco perfectly captures that legendary showman's galvanic personality in all its outsized glory. rains gives a tremendously enjoyable , superbly observed, and remarkably true-to-life performance as the man all broadway once called "the wizard." to watch claude rains in action (looking in every shot as if he's having a helluva good time!) in "the lady with red hair" is to see david belasco leap to life on film as if he can't wait to shake things up on the main stem once again.

i find this movie the best movie i have ever seen, because it reflects the inner strength of a young girl during the second world war. the movie is impressive, not least because it actually happened. it reminds me of the story of anne frank.

this movie is a masterpiece a story of a young woman during the war , and it really happen , not exactly as the movie , but it is a great story , i was impress by this film ,the acting and the story where great i like this film because it is a true story it's giff me a feeling that i was there and i feel sorry for the ca-rector that maruschka detmers is playing because who wants to end here life that way. i recommend that everybody have to see this film , special the young ones and ma by the learn something from this film. this film you can compare whit the movie soldier from orange or any real story that happened in the ww2.

as a another reviewer states hanna's war is an outstanding film about an outstanding person, hanna "anniko" senesh, who would become the jewish joan of arc. unfortunately i diverge in opinion not agreeing that miss detmers as the lead is too beautiful to be taken seriously as a resistance fighter. in truth for me her performance is not held back by her beauty but makes it all the more stark in the terror of the sadistic brutality as a resistor she faces. maruschka detmers performance is brave, poignant, heartfelt or understood, and totally believable. in other words for me "in the zone." from the opening credits. if you would like to learn about the suffering of someone else for something they believe in and be impressively entertained give hanna's war with maruschka detmers a try. my hat is off also to ellen burstyn as hanna's mother a much well known and famous actress who could have made effort to walk off with the film. in that it is a team effort perhaps of two actress' but not an all about eve situation.

it sounds a bit awkward to call a film about war and holocaust shocking since many of us will know only too well of the horrors that war and violence brings. by using the adjective 'shocking' i do not intend to imply that i am surprised about the things told about in this film or that i was formerly unaware of them, it is just that i am very much impressed by the way in which this film shows how crazy and incomprehensibly horrific it is to kill each other off, either with or without a 'reason'.the first part of the film focuses on hanna's successful participation in the hungarian resistance. maruschka detmers would never have won an oscar for this performance, due to inconsistent directing, but still her acting is solid enough and she has enormous charisma. she is cast very well as hanna and immediately has our sympathy. her very beautiful looks help, of course, but that has nothing to do with her being simply a good actress, playing a good part.certain inconsistencies keep occurring in hanna's war. i sometimes get the idea director menahem golan (often despised for the gianni versace murder) was in a rush and should actually have allowed a few more takes per scene. on the other hand, i am very thankful he made this impressive and thought-provoking film and as i am very positive about it, i think he did a good job.the second half of the film is the most interesting and tragic one. it focuses on hanna's suffering (beware of donald pleasence's scary portrayal of the cruel and sardonic captain rosza) and intensely shows the injustice and horror that comes with hate and violence and war. i receive hanna's war, especially the second half, as a strong anti-war film and for that alone golan deserves credit. it is also this second half in which maruschka detmer's talent comes out, creating a character which goes into film history as one of the most speaking, strong and tragic ever portrayed. it is also great to see ellen burstyn, whose appearance and acting style always remind me of romy schneider, who -had she been alive and cast- would have made a similar effective contribution to hanna's war.the tragic impact of the second half and the desperate tension which is sometimes replaced by hopeful prospects and good news lead to a number of final scenes which show something so unexpected, so moving and poetic in its tragedy that it hit me like a bomb and left me in tears. and when i realized once more it wasn't even fiction, it all actually happened, i found myself in even more tears. the image of hanna portrayed by maruschka detmers will be in my mind forever.

ms patty duke's story about her life and struggles with manic depression were just like my life struggles. i saw myself acting out just like her. i was so amazed at the similarities of our lives to include the sexual abuse that we both endured as children.i saw the movie when it first premiered in 1990 and i have loved this movie so much. anyone who has struggled with manic depression could get so much from this movie. never mind about if it showed her awards or what they were for. that is not the issue here. the issue is how ms duke had an illness and fought to survive it and overcame. ms. duke has much to be proud of in her accomplishments with her struggles for survival of a disease that often leaves many victims without hope.unless a person has struggled with this illness personally they don't know the hell they have to live with. the movie to me was a success because it showed the real issues and how a person who is depressed and manic acts. it was so real...so, so, real. it was like watching myself up there on screen.i wish i could thank ms. patty duke in person for having the courage to let the public know about her illness. bocka

this is such a great movie "call me anna" because it shows how a person has suffered for so long without knowing what was wrong with her. for patty duke to come out in the publics eye and tell her story is an inspiration to those who suffer from this disease. i have a lot of respect for her as a person. the only thing i don't like is i can't get it on tape, i've tried looking for it but with no success. any one know how to get it?

i think it took a lot of guts for her to come forward like that. it is unfortunate that when a celebrity suffers that is what helps people most. but, in her case, what she did was remarkable. i have been in the mental health field for five years and i think it is great that mental illness is not a terrible word anymore and i believe she helped. i always thought she was great and always will. i am glad that she wrote this book and that the movie was made. she is a remarkable lady and i hope she continues to act. she has been through a lot and has faced it. i would really love to see her work more with children, especially child actors. her ordeal should not have happened and i think she would be wonderful as a mentor to young people. the movie was so moving to me that i was very touched. suffering a tbi which brought the onset of my disorder and having ptsd, it is good to know that someone has the courage enough to display her life as she did. i believe it helped this nation and people in general realize that there are others like them and that there is help. thank you ms. duke, or anna, which ever you prefer.

then you must see this film, to understand the reality. having read the book, ms. duke is now an advocate for those afflicted with bipolar disorder; formerly labeled manic-depression.it is hard to believe that in this day and age, people still critique others with emotional problems, or those who seek psychiatric help. regressive and discriminatory thinking still exists, and this is unfortunate.in this film, the audience sees the pain and suffering ms. duke had been through, especially as a child. many of us may remember her from the teenage "patty duke show". she was a household name in america by age 15.you learn of her exploitation by the ross'(well played by howard hesseman). as she was growing up in the 1950's, the stigma was in full-force. however, we see as she advances in her career, yet the illness becomes worse. she goes through bouts of substance abuse and promiscuity; even marries someone whom she divorces the next week; and she has several conflicts and tantrums with her children and elderly mother. all these problem occurred before she received adequate therapy, and medication.a recent survey released by nami (national alliance on mental illness) recorded that a majority of us adults fail to recognize most of the classic symptoms of bipolar disorder. it also was released that one in five respondents to the poll believed that people could control their illness without medication if they wanted to. (bp magazine, winter 2006) if you watch this film, you will learn the true story of a talented woman who could not "pull herself up by her bootstraps" and "get well" until she was educated about her disorder, and received proper treatment. thank you, ms. duke, for being an advocate against ignorance and prejudice.

this is quite the gripping, fascinating, tragic story. quite good, and for the most part pretty accurate, considering it is a tv movie rather than a documentary. they did create some fictional characters, and combine several actual people into one character, but otherwise this is a good telling of a very tragic and dark story.the final moments of the movie, depicting the mass suicide/murder, are almost directly taken from an audio recording made by jim jones. this recording was made during the final 44 minutes of the peoples temple's existence. it is available in several places on the internet. this portion of the film is almost spot on in that regard.to sum up, a documentary this is not. however, it does cover most of the base elements to the people's temple story.

i will never forget this film or the events that lead up to jonestown in guyana. it just seems so tragic but needs to be told. powers boothe give a commanding performance as the leader rev. jim jones from obscurity until total madness. it would have won him an academy award easily if it was released in the movie theaters. it is the kind of mini-series you won't forget. you won't forget the images of the cult's brutality, control, and obsessiveness of it's leader. his rise and fall and the threat from the outside world to destroy what he considered to be paradise. the mass suicide is horrifying, almost unreal to anybody's imagination as to why so many people (900+) went willingly or resisted jones' orders. they don't make mini series like these anymore where we're left with out mouths open and hungry to know what happened to the others.

just given the fact that it is based on the most infamous mass suicide incident of modern times would have been enough to give this 2-part 1980 made-for-tv film attention. but the fact is that it is a superb recreation of the life of the rev. jim jones, who built a church into a virtual empire, and then encouraged it to disintegrate into a sleazy cult in which a congressman and his entourage were assassinated, and 917 cult followers committed suicide by drinking kool-aid doused with cyanide.done very tastefully but horrifying enough, unlike the excruciatingly sadistic cult of the damned, guyana tragedy features an all-star cast, including ned beatty (as rep. leo ryan), meg foster, randy quaid, brad dourif, brenda vaccaro, levar burton, and madge sinclair. but it is powers boothe (in his first big role) that really stands out as jim jones. he actually becomes the man, and his performance is riveting and chilling. thus, it is no wonder that this film still manages to attract attention after more than twenty years.

powers booth is hypnotic as cult leader jim jones who led his peoples temple followers from 1953 until 1978 when he led them in a mass suicide in 1978 where over 900 died. a very well done movie which may seem a little dated due to the 70s time period but well worth the time 8 of 10

i've seen this film literally over 100 times...it's absolutely jam-packed with entertainment!!! powers boothe gives a stellar performance. as a fan of actors such as william shatner (impulse, 1974) and ron liebmann (up the academy, 1981)i never thought an actor could capture the "intensity" like shatner and liebmann in those roles, until i saw boothe as jim jones! as far as i'm concerned, powers boothe is jim jones...this film captures his best performance!!!

a well cast summary of a real event! well, actually, i wasn't there, but i think this is how it may have been like. i think there are two typically american standpoints evident in the film: 'communistophobia' and parallels to adolf hitler. these should be evident to most independent observers. anyway, boothe does a great performance, and so do lots of other well-known actors. the last twenty minutes of the film are unbearable - and i mean it! anyone who can sleep well after them is abnormal. (that's why it's so terrible - it all happened, and it probably looked just like that). but, actually, did that last scene on the air station really take place?

powers boothe turns in a stellar performance as 1970's cult figure jim jones of the peoples temple. jones physical likeness to jones is uncanny and the story is acted out chillingly. the movie keeps you riveted and is a must see for anyone. check it out.

i read a few reviews of this tv movie which all said that the film dragged on for too long and that it was basically only sensationalistic entertainment. i agree that perhaps, the film goes on a bit too long (2h30 would have been enough...) but i certainly do not think it sensationalize the subject matter. jim jones' expansive power trip and slow degradation into mental illness, paranoia and drug abuse are never treated in a voyeuristic manner. the movie takes its time in showing how jones recruited followers (brenda vaccaro's and brad dourif's character are stand-outs in that matter) but also in observing an uncanny shift in jones' perception of reality. it is mind-boggling to see an egalitarian, left-wing and compassionnate preacher become such a destructive and cruel dictator. perhaps the movie doesn't explore jones' motivations enough, which can make the whole ordeal a bit superficial at times (may have to do with censorship as well...) but powers boothe's mesmerizing performance makes it all come true. i am not familiar with the details of the real jim jones' life, but boothe sure makes the monster he plays believable and real. the movie features many strong scenes, among them the preaching messes of jones, jones's meeting with father divine (a remarquable james earl jones), congressman leo ryan (ned beatty)'s visit to the guyana camp and of course, the suicide scene. it is quite a gloomy spectable to watch and boothe is quite commanding in those last moments. madge sinclair shines in this scene as one of the suddenly sceptic follower, and so do veronica cartwright (as jones' wife) and brad dourif, especially when their time comes to drink the murderous potion. the relative calm of the end of this scene, the tasteful direction and the contrasting beauty of the natural surroundings all work in making those images quite impossible to erase from one's mind. a disturbing reflection on human nature and its weaknesses. worth watching, if only to keep in mind one of the truly horrific events of the 20th century. not to let it be repeated again. like, ironically, the inscription in jim jones' camp: "those who do not know the past are bound to repeat it".

this movies chronicles the life and times of william castle. he made a series of low budget horror films in the 1950s-1960s that he sold with gimmicks. in "13 ghosts" you need viewers to see the ghosts (they were in color, the film was in b&w). "the tingler" had theatre seats equipped with a buzzer that jolted the audience when a monster escapes into a movie theatre. "marabre" issued a life insurance policy to all members in case they were frightened to death! the movies themselves were pretty bad but the gimmicks had people rushing to see them. in this doc there are interviews with directors inspired by castle, actors in his movies and his daughter. it also gets into his home life and the kind of man he was (by all accounts he was a great guy). the documentary is affectionate, very funny and absolutely riveting. it's very short (under 90 minutes) and there's never a dull moment. a must see for castle fans and horror movie fans. my one complaint--there were very few sequences shown from his pictures. that aside this is just great.

i was lucky enough to catch this movie while volunteering at the maryland film festival. i've always been a fan of classic horror films and especially the gimmicks of william castle, so this was definitely a must-see for me.this is about the life and work of william castle, who in my opinion was an underrated director. true, he made some cheap budget schlocky horror films, but he added something to these films: real live theater gimmicks that you don't see anymore. for example, he had nurses in case someone had a heart attack at his movies and put vibrators at the bottoms of chairs in the tingler.this is truly a well-made documentary and brings this rather shadowed director into the light, and celebrated his contributions to horror cinema. it also paints castle as a larger than life character, who was very well-liked and had a smile on his face.unlike most film documentaries that mostly show testaments from film historians, spine tingler! shows interviews mostly from his family members and directors who were influenced by his work, such as john waters, john landis, and joe dante. a must see for classic horror and sci-fi fans.

i gave it a 10, since everyone else seemed to like it and it would have been churlish not to. the reason i'm troubling you is to add a personal observation on castle's work.i've seen "homicidal" and "the tingler" (the version with the clever colour sequence where everything except the blood is in black and white) a few times and "the house on haunted hill" many times.even i am not old enough to have seen them when castle was up to his showman tricks, thus i can appreciate them for their own merit. and while most pass him off as second-rate, schlocky, hammy, etc., i believe they do him a disservice.the end sequence of "homicidal" is genuinely shocking and works today - and the premise of "the tingler" while silly, was highly original.but "the house on haunted hill" was a triumph. having used that frank lloyd wright house as its exterior, the great vincent price and a solid cast, plus a good score and production values - when i first saw it at a packed late-night showing in the late sixties, it produced an audience reaction i'd not seen before and have not seen since.it was the bit where the heroine is alone in the basement (if you've not seen the film, stop reading now) and we are waiting to hear the hero on the other side of the wall.with no telegraphing of what is coming, the camera slowly pulls back, forcing the audience to switch their gaze to... i'm saying no more (my "spoiler" declaration above only covers this movie).the point is, i believe this ploy was deliberate - not accidental - and when it happened, the whole audience screamed (including most of the men!) it took the audience about ten minutes to calm down.now that is superior film-making. a flamboyant showman he might have been, but "house" and the other two films i've mentioned were good movies. castle may not have been a hitchcock, but he was no ed wood, either.it's easy to concentrate on someone's quirks and forget to examine their talent. so i hope this documentary acknowledged that. i look forward to seeing it.

william castle is notorious among horror fans as the b-grade director of the 1950s and 60s. his gimmicks, his cost-cutting techniques and his unique vision are legendary. it comes as no surprise, then, that someone (jeffrey schwarz, who's made countless documentaries) would finally take the time to devote a documentary to his greatness. such is "spine tingler: the william castle story".i had a general understanding of who castle was, having seen some of his films over the years. i knew nothing about her personal life, his goals and ambitions. this film really fleshed out the man and gave me a fuller appreciation for the devotion he had for the craft of film-making and his contributions to the horror genre. the movie depicts castle as rival to alfred hitchcock, with hitch being the artist who wins praise while castle is the carnival barker who gains cult notoriety, but much less respect. he is an icon to all second-rate directors out there, which is why it's not surprising that john waters is featured prominently in here. (joe dante and stuart gordon also have sizable roles.) his gimmicks were what drove his fame, and the documentary takes great pains to explain them, which is crucial for those who are too young to remember. the rudimentary 3-d of "13 ghosts" (see separate review), the buzzer in the seat for "the tingler" (see separate review), money back guarantees for "homicidal"... watching these films now outside the theater, we can judge them for their content (which, personally, i still enjoy) but we cannot fully appreciate what audiences once felt.the climax of the film is when castle goes from cult director to hollywood producer. having bought the rights to "rosemary's baby", he is put in a very special place for negotiating its film release. hoping to direct, he is sidelined to producer in order to make way for new director roman polanski. while at first disappointed, this proves to be one of the best opportunities of his lifetime -- a hugely successful film, and a job he excels at. who better to control the purse of wild artist polanski than a penny-pinching castle? this was to be his crowning achievement, though sadly the film is more often connected to polanski than castle.the remainder of his years are played out, and we are given personal reflections by his daughter and niece. across the board, everyone seems to have nothing but praise for the man. somewhere along the way, he surely upset one or two people, but you would never know it from this film. and i find that find -- this is a celebration of bill castle's life, not "e! true hollywood story". fans of the genre would do well to pick up a copy of this work.i would personally recommend picking up the william castle collection, which has not only this but eight of castle's films in it, with plenty of special features. even this documentary comes with an audio commentary so you can hear how schwarz was personally affected by castle, and have castle's daughter terry giving a running reflection of her experiences with the different films and remakes. it's almost a whole new film.

this documentary on schlockmeister william castle takes a few cheap shots at the naive '50s-'60s environment in which he did his most characteristic work--look at the funny, silly people with the ghost-glasses--but it's also affectionate and lively, with particularly bright commentary from john waters, who was absolutely the target audience for such things at the time, and from castle's daughter, who adored her dad and also is pretty perceptive about how he plied his craft. (we never find out what became of the other castle offspring.) the movies were not very good, it makes clear, but his marketing of them was brilliant, and he appears to have been a sweet, hardworking family man. fun people keep popping up, like "straight jacket"'s diane baker, who looks great, and anne helm, whom she replaced at the instigation of star joan crawford. darryl hickman all but explodes into giggles at the happy memory of working with castle on "the tingler," and there's enough footage to give us an idea of the level of castle's talent--not very high, but very energetic. a pleasant look at a time when audiences were more easily pleased, and it does make you nostalgic for simpler movie-going days.

this movie was beautiful. it was full of memorable imagery, good acting, and touching subject matter. it would be very easy to write it off as being too sentimental, but that is the sentiments this type of a movie is trying to achieve. i was totally involved in the story's unfolding and presentation. there were a few cheesy shots, but such is to be expected in a religious propaganda film. the only complaint i can conjure is there wasn't a ton of details. however, this movie wasn't created to explain every element of joseph smith's life, ministry, triumphs, controversies, failures etc.; it was designed for a quick glimpse at a few highlights of one of the most amazing american and historical religious figures of all time.

i have seen this wonderful production, and i wonder if anyone can tell me anything about the actress who played the blacksmith's wife-i am not sure of her character's name. i went to byu with her and lost touch with her-her maiden name was kim luke-and i wonder if anyone has any info on her. she is not listed in the credits. this production was outstanding, a tear-jerker on all accounts, superb acting by all. i guess i don't even want to put it in the general category of 'acting', more like 'portraying with feeling the amazing events that led to the opening of the heavens for this the final dispensation'.....something like that. if anyone worked with kim or has a website or something please let me know!!! she was fantastic in her role, by the way....thanks, melissa thorne

i think the film is educational. however, it fails to treat the issue which sparked so much controversy: plural marriage. also, the film fails to reveal what the lds church espouses. big opportunity was missed to tell the world what they actually believe. i could not get a clear idea of what it is lds views are on central topics of religion.i have many lds friends and they are nice people. would have been nice to get a clearer picture of how they view their prophet's more controversial statements. maybe these statements are just too controversial to be treated in a film format, but it would have been great to hear the whole story of joseph smith's truly interesting life. after all, it gives insight into american thought on religion in the 18th century. hope they do some documentaries on this fascinating subject, allowing historians to comment on smith's life. we may have a mormon president some day. after all, smith ran for president.

i don't know what movie some of these other people watched, but they must have seen a different "joseph smith: prophet of the restoration" than the one i saw.i think the movie was both well-done and inspiring. i think it's definitely worth watching. it's apparent from the outset that a lot of care went into the making of this film. the background scenery is beautiful.i think the film does a good job of portraying joseph smith both as a man and as a prophet. joseph's spiritual experiences are portrayed with taste and reverence.i would definitely recommend watching this movie.

despite reading the "initial comments" from someone who curiously disliked the film -- (why is the only negative comment very first on the list?)it was very nice to note that virtually everyone else loved it! obviously the church wanted to stress certain points and portray the prophet joseph smith in a positive manner ~ thats the whole idea. and in fact, those points were extremely effective. we already know joseph smith was human... but despite that, and all of the horrific negative attempts stirred on by the adversary, it showed just how he was able to complete a remarkable, god-given work. i'd recommend it to anyone!

as a convert into the church of jesus christ of latter day saints, i try to absorb as much as i can of my new religion's history. i was invited to attend a showing of this film with my sons & the other young men & women as well as their families of our ward. on a beautiful spring evening, we drove to kirtland, ohio to the church's historical village located there. we were to have had reservations at the vistor's center to view this movie. since my movie viewing was limited to only a few church documentaries, i was intrigued. the only "full length motion pictures" of the church's i had seen was "legacy" and "my best two years", both which i thought were very well written and preformed.at the beginning, the missionary interpretor passed out tissues stating that several people had been deeply moved to the point of tears by this movie. i thought "ok...but it takes a lot to move me to tears." imagine my surprise when i found myself sobbing! it truly is a very moving & inspirational testament to the prophet joseph smith.see it & believe in it's powerful message!

this film is a true and historical film. it is very useful to those researching the lds church, because it is 100% true. it is an excellent film and i recommend it.it is very factual, exciting, and motivational. there are some who think it is not factual, but it is.it is about the restoration of the church of jesus christ of latter day saints, and about the prophet, joseph smith, who restored it. it has such events in his life as the disease that he had when he was a small boy, his courting emma smith, emma, his wife, giving birth, and so on. but most importantly it reveals the restoration of the church.

this movie was the best movie i have ever seen. being lds i highly recommend this movie because you are able to feel a more understanding about the life of joseph smith. although the movie was not made with highly acclaimed actors it is a remarkable and life changing movie that can be enjoyed and appreciated by everyone. i saw this movie with my family and i can bear witness that we have all had a change of heart. this movie allows people to really understand how hard the life was for the prophet and how much tribulation he was faced with. after i saw this movie,there was not a single dry eye in the entire room. everyone was touched by what they saw and i have not been the same since i have seen it. i highly recommend this movie for everyone.

the most amazing, spiritually uplifting movie about the restoration of the gospel. far better than any other film, or movie made about the restoration thus far. if you haven't seen it, hop on a plane to salt lake and see it now. you won't regret it! you truly get a sense of what the first saints had to struggle through, putting complete and total faith in there prophet joseph smith. you finally get some sort of comprehension of the things the prophet had to fight through and the persecutions he and his people faced. if you have any questions about the church of jesus christ of latter-days saints and our humble beginnings just watch this movie, it will make complete and total sense afterward.

this is one of the most spiritual movies i have ever seen. i headed up with about 150 people to st. george and we saw this movie in the visiting center of the st. george temple.. not one person had dry eyes in the audience. also, there were some non- religious and anti-mormon people in the audience who felt the spirit of the movie and were touched by the captivating music and reenactment of the story of the pioneers and the hardships they faced because of their beliefs.i recommend this movie for anyone who wishes to understand more about joseph and the hardships that the pioneers went through. after all, it is apart of american history.

this movie makes a statement about joseph smith, what he stood for, and what the lds church believes. with all the current media coverage of a certain fugitive people have confused the lds church with the flds church and criminal fugitive warren jeffs. jeffs is not associated with the lds church yet media groups internationally have asked for comments about jeffs from the lds church. jeffs is not mentioned in the movie at all but i think that it is ironic that this movie with all it's points about joseph also point away from the fews of the flds church and their leader at this time in the media world. this is a movie about joseph smith and a great one at that. some of the most obvious differences between jeffs and joseph is portrayed in joseph's humanity, acceptance and love. jeffs views and opinions differ greatly from joseph smith and the lds church and it is seen in this movie. jeffs thinks of the "negro" as devils. joseph smith knew they were children of god and gave up his wife's favorite horse to a african american (former slave) to buy his son's freedom. joseph is shown doing housework for his wife emma and is criticized by a member until joseph tells him that a man may lose his wife in the next life if she chooses not to stay with her husband and that doing chores is a way to help and cherish your wife. jeffs brought one of his polygamist wives to her knees in front of a class full of students by grabbing her braid and twisting it painfully till she came to her knees. lastly joseph participated with law enforcement and sought aid from the government at all times. jeffs thumbs his nose at government and flees at all times.i loved this movie and if you don't know much about joseph smith and what the lds church believes, then this is the movie to see. and if you had confused the lds church with the flds church then you really need to get your act together. we are not much different from anyone who believes in jesus christ, the sanctity of marriage and the family, as well a patriotic to our homeland and country. we are all different as well just like you can find different protestants, presbyterians, methodist, baptist and catholics. what's important is our message and what we stand for. this movie trys to portray that but there is so much of joseph's life that can't be covered in a mere 2 hour movie. this was a really great show.

i really thought they did an *excellent* job, there was nothing wrong with it at all, i don't know how the first commenter could have said it was terrible, it moved me to tears (i guess it moved about everyone to tears) but i try not to cry in a movie because it's embarrassing but this one got me. it was sooo good! i hope they release it on dvd because i will definitely buy a copy! i feel like it renewed my faith and gave me a hope that i can't explain, it made me want to strive to be a better person, they went through so much and we kind of take that for granted, i guess. compared to that, i feel like our own trials are nothing. well, not nothing, but they hardly match what they had to go through. i loved it. who played emma?!

warning: mild spoilers.the story of joseph smith stands out as an amazing - even moving - episode in american history and world religious history. this movie portrays events in the life of joseph smith, whom mormons revere as the prophet of the restoration of the true church of jesus christ on the earth. i've so far seen the movie twice in its first month of public showing.joseph smith is shown first to be the youngest of a trio of brothers (alvin, hyrum & joseph) who, at a very young age, needed an operation. the operation, done without our modern conveniences, was bloody and difficult. the scene helped to show the cohesiveness of the smith family and the bonds between the brothers and between joseph and his parents.joseph's religious confusion and subsequent praying which lead to what mormons call the first vision was interestingly portrayed. the face of jesus is never shown, but you see the unmistakable nail marks in his hands. the rejection by religious leaders and many in his small new york community is sweetened at least slightly by joseph's marriage to emma.this movie does not clearly map out the events of mormon church history, but merely jumps from scene to scene. this is not a critique - simply a note about the style.the practice of tarring and feathering is shown, and it is especially dramatic and moving when joseph delivers a sermon about the savior's love with a scarred face from having recently been attacked.the movie masterfully portrays simultaneously the joy and growth of mormonism as an infant church, while at the same time the ever-deepening opposition that spread into the heights of local governments.the film shows many scenes from joseph's life, including a few beautiful moments portraying his relationship to emma. an attempt is made to show the depth and complexity of joseph's life, including his fierce love for his wife, his endless love for children, his wit, his courage in the face of filthy and dangerous opposition, his religious sentiments, and his compassion.as joseph and hyrum ride to carthage, never to return home alive, most of the characters from throughout the movie, whose lives had been touched by joseph, are shown along the way, helping to reinforce what was already seen but setting up the final scene to be more powerful.at the end, the martyrdom of joseph and hyrum is portrayed, and moviegoers are left to ponder the events they just witnessed.when i first watched the movie i assumed it was made by the church to introduce joseph smith to non-members. i no longer think that is the case, although i hope the movie can do just that. as an insider, i find that the film is a celebration of joseph and excellently reinforces the good things we already know about him. i am curious to see how outsiders will view the film - whether they will simply see it as propagandic, an epic story of an american religious man, or something else.the film is beautifully shot, family friendly, moving and, hopefully, something good for everyone. that the events portrayed actually happened in these united states of america is interesting to ponder in light of the many aspects of our culture - including freedom of religious expression and respect (generally) for the law - we moderns take for granted.

i am stunned at the negative comments that i have read and can only assume that the people making such comments were less than honest. this is the most moving and real portrayal of joseph smith that i have ever seen. it was well acted to the point that at times i forgot that i was watching a movie. it brought joseph's life of hardship, good-natured optimism, enduring faith in people and god, and ultimate sacrifice to life such in a way that frankly left me speechless and silent in awe. if anyone, of any christian religion can watch this movie without being touched in some positive way--i would have to say it is a reflection of the individual and not the movie. i give the movie a "10" and encourage honest souls to view it. at the very least it is an extremely heart felt portrayal of man who gave everything he had for what he believed...in a world where values and beliefs are ridiculed, this movie stands as a enduring reminder of the kind of people we are supposed to be- no matter what religious beliefs we hold.- ann pruitt-

i saw it at the legacy theater in the joseph smith memorial building in salt lake city this morning. i'm going to assume that one's level of enjoyment during this movie will largely be based on one's level of acceptance of joseph's story.however, that aside it was very well made, well acted, and had a nice score. if you get to salt lake city, it is a must to see it in the legacy theater. i have never been in a nicer theater as far as picture quality, sound quality and ambiance in my entire life...i wonder if the church would let me watch batman begins there! being that i'm lds and regard joseph as a prophet, i was touched in several places and was brought to tears quite a few times...which i presume is expected since they handed out tissues before the movie started! anyway, i'm told that this film is available in several lds visitor centers around the globe, if you have 70 minutes check it out because whether you believe joseph smith or not, he tells a fascinating story.

after reading the comments to this movie and seeing the mixed reviews, i decided that i would add my ten cents worth to say i thought the film was excellent, not only in the visual beauty, the writing, music score, acting, and directing, but in putting across the story of joseph smith and the road he traveled through life of hardship and persecution for believing in god the way he felt and knew to be his path. i am very pleased, indeed, to have had a small part in telling the story of this remarkable man. i recommend everyone to see this when the opportunity presents itself, no matter what religious path he or she may be walking, this only instills one with more determination to live the life that we should with true values of love and forgiveness as the savior taught us to do.

this is by far the most incredible movie i have seen in a long time. the actors gave wonderful portrayals of the characters in the movie. the story was accurately portrayed. the story starts out with a young woman from the british isles and her father traveling by steamboat to nauvoo, illinois. she has become a member of the lds church and he has not. he thinks she is ridiculous for making the trip and is discouraging. she encourages him to read about joseph smith, the prophet. this is where the story of the prophet joseph smith begins. the movie accurately portrays his life and some of the history of the lds church at the same time. it was graphic at times, but was needed. the emotional expression was very believable, which caused my emotions to spill out. filming was awesome. the way in which the story was presented was touching. after the movie was over, we just sat there unable to moved. i was stunned. for people who know very little of joseph smith, the mormon prophet, i would encourage you to see this. if nothing else but to gain some understanding of his life. for those who are members of the church, i would encourage you to see it. it will increase your testimony of this most incredible man. this is a must see.

tintin and i recently aired as an episode of pbs's p.o.v. series. it's based on a taped interview of georges remi a.k.a. herge, tintin's creator, from 1971 in which in discusses his various experiences publishing his popular character, first in a catholic newspaper, then in his own series of comic books. awesome sweeping views of various comic pages and surreal images of herge's dreams. i first encountered tintin in the pages of children's digest at my local elementary school library reading the secrets of the unicorn. my mom later got a subscription to cd and i read the entire red rackham's treasure every month in 1978. i remember seeing some tintin comic books in a local book store after that but for some reason i didn't get any probably because i was 12 and i thought i was outgrowing them. i do have breaking free, a book written and drawn by j. daniels, published in 1989, six years after herge's death. haven't read it yet. this film also covers the artist's personal life as when he left his first wife after his affair with a colorist in his employ (whom he later married). her name is fanny and she is interviewed here. if you love tintin and his creator, this film is definitely worth a look. update: 9/4/07-i've now read breaking free. tintin and the captain are the only regular characters that appear here and they are tailored to the anti-capitalist views of mr. daniels with tintin portrayed as a rabble rouser with a chip on his shoulder who nevertheless cares for the captain who he's staying with. the captain here is just trying to make ends meet with a wife and daughter that he loves dearly. they and other construction workers vow to strike after a fellow employee dies from a faulty equipment accident. the whole thing takes place in england with working-class cockney accents intact. not the kind of thing herge would approve of but an interesting read nonetheless. oh, yes, dog snowy only appears in the top left corner of the cover (which has tintin running over the police!) and the dedication page.

some thirty years ago, author numa sadoul published a book length interview with the belgian comic book artist georges remi (better known as herge, the creator of tintin). this movie catches up with sadoul today as he recalls the interview, while we listen to the cassettes (herge died in 1983) and see some old photos and footage of the man himself. some parts of the interview were not published in the book at the request of herge, and we now know these dealt with his separation from his wife, after he had an affair with one of his collaborators (who years later would become his second wife). an interesting thing the movie does not address well is the shift in the tintin books from the early rightist and imperialist books (tintin in the congo, tintin in the lands of the soviets) to fairly anti-imperialist books just a few years later (the blue lotus). on the whole, i come out of this movie knowing a few more things about herge and seeing him as a bit more unlikable than when i come in to the theater.

this is a brilliant documentary that follows the life of herge and his creating tintin. its based around a series of interviews conducted in 1971, and covers every thing from his early life and "nazi collaboration" to the final moments of his life.brilliantly edited, very cinematic and fast paced enough to not get boring. this film will give you a new appreciation for the work of herge.the film makers make the film more than just another documentary. using the latest state of the art technology and for a change putting it to good use.recently more and more documentaries have been making it to cinemas. but this one as to be amongst the best...

if you as i have a very close and long relationship with the world of tintin....do yourself a favor and watch this beautiful documentary about hergé and his life creating tintin. i'ts so brilliant and a very cool production. the whole background story about hergé and the people and also very much the many different situations he was influenced by, for good and worse is amazing. there is a very fine and obvious connection between the comic books and just this. i will for sure be in my basement digging up the tintin albums again. also, the movie itself are very well told and has a great ambient sound to it. i really do hope people will find this as intriguing as i did!

"tintin and i" first of all struck me as a masterpiece documentary. the photography and the editing are truly breath-taking (almost anti-dogma).we follow the life of tintin drawer hergé through an open-hearted interview from 1971. the tintin series was drawn on the background of the great ideological fights of the twentieth century. in the midst of these hergé has his own demons to fight with, and much of his drawing activity seems like an attempt to tame these and to escape into a world of perfection.even though there are spectacular photographic panoramas of drawings from tintin albums and also some reconstructions and reading of passages from the albums, the story of hergé is told entirely through interviews and archive material, and never through reconstructions.hergé lived the turbulent life of a true, suffering artist. but the fantastic world that came of his imagination will continue to amaze readers again and again.

imagine that i was about to miss this great cultural event on swedish tv last night, and it was only because my girlfriend insisted on keeping the tv on (to make it easier for her to fall asleep!) that i came across it (yes i had seen an advert for it previously but of course forgotten about it and looked forward to an 'early night'...).anyway - this must surely be a rather unusual idea - to base a film documentary on an interview made with sound only more than 30 years ago. but with animated and other documentary film material it adds up to a really good and insightful portrait of one of the 20th centuries' most appreciated literary artists - georges remy a.k.a hergé.i for sure will read my tintin albums with a different eye after having seen this film, which makes it easier to connect the variations in style as well as content with the different periods in hergé's life (and i can tell you that i will a.s.a.p get the few that i don't have). of course my perception of the albums has changed over the more than 25 years that i have already been reading them, as has my view about what albums are my favourites, but this adds (at least) one more dimension to them.

tintin was one of my favorite heroes as a kid. i used to borrow the books from the school library every chance i got. my favorite one was "the red sea sharks" - so much action and humor.this documentary was a brilliant exposition of the background story of herge and his development of tintin. the film-maker's personal experience in interviewing herge and the story of his relationship with the artist who was the inspiration for the chan character was very moving.a great documentary of a very talented and well-loved artist. a great example of someone who has become internationally renown, and has brought joy of millions of children (and the young at heart) all over the world.

this 1991 nbc-tv movie aired six months before john goodman's big-screen version of the life of babe ruth came out. for my money, there is no comparison between the two. the tv production isn't perfect but it presents the babe's story with more depth and complexity than goodman's one-dimensional telling. i especially enjoyed the film's depiction of the complex love-hate relationship ruth had with yankee manager miller huggins, who always understood his star player's brilliance and also kept trying to point out why ruth's own character flaws would never let him become a manager or leader of players. the tv-movie rightly notes how ruth never fulfilled his dream of managing the yankees because of his flaws, while the horrible goodman version tries to push the falsehood that ruth was denied what should have been his for the taking.this film makes a great companion piece to "eight men out" since the story starts with ruth's arrival in new york in 1920, one year after the black sox scandal and when his home run exploits literally saved baseball from ruin. indeed, the continuity between the two films is even accentuated with john anderson reprising his "eight men out" role as commissioner kenesaw mountain landis.

i caught a bit of this concert on public television and knew i had to have it. the boys give everyone at the royal albert an excellent, often thrilling performance complete in every way. pure, too - no synth, no smoke-shrouded lasers and strobes, no grandiose entrance (and an unstoned, serious, and appreciative audience, all of whom left their bottle rockets at home).if you're a cream fan (or if you've only heard of them); if you're a blues fan; if you're a rock 'n' roll fan; you will not be disappointed when you view and listen to this dvd. you also will never lose this dvd because you'll never lend it to anyone. (this dvd justifies selfishness! tell them to get their own!) it's too good and too replayable; you'll want to keep it within easy reach.

i first saw a track from this dvd at a hifi show nov 2006 in london ( i was not really into cream until now!!).it was through a high end arcam system,it sounded great with dts.i had to get this dvd and i'll tell you this is by far the most exciting music dvd i have ever watched.the performance of cream at their age was just mind blowing and sound quality is the best i have heard on a music dvd.it does not matter what type of music you like,this one will definitely grow on you.it's the sheer brilliance of their performance that will make you watch it again and again.even new musicians don't cut the mustard these days, as these old rockers do.

i've loved all of cream's work, even as there is such a small and precious catalog of work to take hold. even when they go for as long as twenty minutes with some of their songs (spoonful and toad off of wheels of fire are prime examples) still rock the socks off of more than half of any given rock act working today. this power to gel on stage is given one of the most anticipate rock band reunions ever with their royal albert hall shows last year. they may have gotten older, as have their fans, but the energy is still there, with the great arrangements of classic blues songs as well as their own. the renditions of white room, badge, politician, spoonful, sunshine of your love, not one seems to miss a beat. clapton's solos have a formation that he sometimes doesn't have when on stage with his solo band. ginger baker, enough said. jack bruce is sturdy enough with his vocals still with a kind of power that clapton could never get on his own. bottom line, if you want to see what were the best shows you wish you had seen last year (well, some may have seen them), it's all on this dvd, with cool special features.

so often a band will get together for a re-union concert only to find that they just can't get it together. not so here. this concert is just shear brilliance from start to finish. these three musicians obviously got together beforehand and plotted and planned what was needed to ensure this was not just a nostalgic bash to satisfy someone's ego. this is obvious from the start, before they even step on stage. many faces in the crowd weren't even born when these guys first performed. from the first song they capture that old magic that was cream, 3 men, 3 instruments, no fuss. clapton, by his own admission, said he had to stretch himself for this concert because there were no keyboards, synthesizers etc so we get to see him at his best. ginger baker demonstrates why so many drummers today, speak of him as some sort of drumming guru. jack bruce just great. they really managed to put together a piece of magic that will stand the test of time for many years to come. this one's a 10 for me.

eric clapton, jack bruce and ginger baker re-unite to play all their songs from 35 years ago when they formed a trio called "cream." those were the psychedelic days of england and america and these guys looked it: all skinny, very long hair, wild clothes and loud music. they played a combination of rock and blues and it was, for the most part, good stuff.well, these guys are now 60-something years old and they can still sing and play at a high level as this wonderful dvd concert disc shows us. i was always extremely familiar with clapton, of course, who has never been out of the limelight, but i didn't know what to expect from bruce and baker, neither of whom i hadn't seen in decades. they surprised me. when he was young, baker was so gaunt he looked like a speed freak near death. now he looks healthy, in shape and his drum playing was solid. bruce looked a bit haggard but his voice is great, as good as ever and a pleasure to hear on these old songs. this is just excellent material and performing from guys who know what they're doing.some people criticized this show for being low-key. i don't agree with that. i have no complaints. the concert sounded very good. the second song, "spoonful," was outstanding, the highlight of the concert for me.highly recommended.

gbs wrote his own screen adaptation of this nobel prize winning play but didn't live to see it produced (he had won an oscar in 1938 for his brilliant adaptation of his 1914 play pygmalion). when otto preminger mounted (produced and directed) this production in 1957, seven years after shaw's death, he had noted british author graham greene do the adaptation and it was a solid choice.taking a cue from shaw's own screenplay, greene uses material from the stage epilogue to create a framing device to meld the two acts of the play (one early and one late in joan's story) into a unified and most satisfying whole. where on stage the shift in tone is buffered with an intermission, here it works just as well with a return to king charles balois's bedchamber (where the man joan put on the throne is dreaming of the events which led to his current situation), and more material from shaw's epilogue - the introduction of the shade of john gielgud's warwick (the english "king maker").the majority of the language is solid gbs, and the performances from stalwart shauvians (like felix aymler's inquisitor or harry andrews' de stogumber) to relative newcomers (the film established jean seberg's career) are first rate. it may jar some, only familiar with richard widmark's many movie villains, to see him playing a frail and somewhat silly dauphin, but the performance - oddly top billed - is professional, even if arguably miscast.the symbolism of the opening credits and the director's choice to use the visual vocabulary of black and white filming all serve shaw and the story well. go in expecting quality entertainment and you won't be disappointed.

this movie is a should-be classic. it's not perfect, certainly. the pacing, while perfect for the stage, is in movie form slow as a tortoise with arthritic knees. jean seberg is misdirected to be too sweet and too gentle. she fully shows enough acting talent, skill, and craft to convincingly play the clever, passionate, and confident joan, but, unfortunately, the director missed the point of the character. george bernard shaw is my favorite playwright. in no other play has his dialog been more sharp, nor the lines more musical. however, processing this film requires that you look at it as a lawyer. this movie is a case, and the viewer is the judge. that is how this picture is to be enjoyed. 7/10.

having seen the peter o'toole version recently, i was ready to be awed by the smart writing in this version. little time is spent on the fighting, which i prefer. instead, we are shown all the many motives underlying both the french and english (who held normandy) politicos and priests who put her to death. even the worst hypocrite of them all, the archbishop, leaves us with the thought that "of course, she was innocent. the innocent have always had to suffer for the ambitions of the mighty. she had no idea what she was saying, no idea of the implications of blasphemy or going against the church. unschooled, she had no idea of what the church's stand on such matters even was."preminger was true to the myths surrounding her death, and i appreciated the preview on the tape that showed the flames reaching up and burning her. why? they used gas jets in the movie, and 2 of them were stopped up. suddenly, the air pressure blew out the stoppage and the flames leaped up right on her. thankfully for her, they didn't have to repeat the shot as it was so realistic: she was being burned!! pretty traumatic introduction for an iowa girl to her new career of acting.john gielgud performed outstandingly. he is the english politico who is orchestrating the show. he also makes the point that once you condemn someone to death, you don't want to be around to watch them die. you might shrink from your 'duty' the next time...not that such delicacies bother the soul of our would-be president. we christians, even the most anti-semitic have no problem with falling back on the old testament when it comes to capital punishment, even though it was overridden by jesus' words. bring on public executions like this little girl's. smelling burnt flesh might bring us respectable folks to our souls' senses.the only little 'pick' i have about this film is that we are not shown why the priest who has been so adamantly urging her burning becomes so suddenly so contrite, even to the point of madness. there should have been more expansion of his character, more dialogue--as the sudden 'coming to his senses' doesn't make sense.and, whether graham greene does this deliberately or not, st. joan is such a self-assured little upstart, you almost but not quite, are glad she meets her come-uppance. and, when she turned down life in prison, for some reason i thought of anne sexton, the poet who accused sylvia plath of 'stealing her death' when she committed suicide ...knowing such an action guarantees immortality. you gotta wonder!!if ever there was a good example of obsessive thought and logic-tight compartments, this is one. st. joan should have turned buddhist and quieted the 'voices in her mind'.

preminger's adaptation of g. b. shaw's ''saint joan''(screenplay by graham greene) received one of the worst critical reactions in it's day. it was vilified by the pseudo-elite, the purists and the audiences was unresponsive to a film that lacked the piety and glamour expected of a historical pageant. as in ''peeping tom'', the reaction was malicious and unjustified. preminger's adaptation of shaw's intellectual exploration of the effects and actions surrounding joan of arc(her actual name in her own language is jeanne d'arc but this film is in english) is totally faithful to the spirit of the original play, not only on the literal emotional level but formally too. his film is a brechtian examination of the functioning of institutions, the division within and without of various factions all wanting to seize power. as such we are not allowed to identify on an emotional level with any of the characters, including joan herself.as played by jean seberg(whose subsequent life offers a eerie parallel to her role here), she is presented as an innocent, a figure of purity whose very actions and presence reveals the corruption and emptiness in everyone. as such seberg plays her as both saint and madwoman. her own lack of experience as an actress when she made this film(which does show up in spots) conveys the freshness and youth of jeanne revealing both the fact that jeanne la pucelle is a humble illiterate peasant girl who strode out to protect her village and her natural intelligence. by no means did she deserve the harsh criticism that she got on the film's first release, it's a performance far beyond the ken and call of any first-time actress with no prior acting experience. shaw and preminger took a secular view towards joan seeing her as a medieval era feminist, not content with being a rustic daughter who's fate is to be married away or a whore picked up by soldiers to and away from battlefields. her faith, her voices, her visions which she intermingles with words such as "imagination" and "common sense" leads her to wear the armour of her fellow soldiers to lead them to battle to chase the invading englishman out of france.and yet it can be said that the film is more interested in the court of the dauphin(richard widmark), the office of the clergy who try joan led by pierre cauchon(anton walbrook, impeccably cast) and the actions of the earl of warwick(john gielgud) then in joan herself. the superb ensemble cast(all male) portray figures of scheming, machievellian(although the story precedes niccolo) opportunists who treat religion as a childish toy to be used and manipulated for their own ends. the sharp sardonic dialogue gives the actors great fun to let loose. john gielgud as the eminently rational earl whose intelligence,(albeit accompanied by corruption), allows him to calculate the precise manner in which he can ensure joan gets burnt at the stake and anton walbrook's pierre cauchon brings a three dimensional portrait to this intelligent theologian who will give joan the fair trial that will certainly find her guilty. richard widmark as the dauphin is a real revelation. as against-type a casting choice you'll ever find, widmark portrays the weak future ruler of france in a frenzied, comic caricature that's as close as this film comes to comic relief. a comic performance that feels like an imitation of jerry lewis far more than an impetuous future ruler of france.preminger shot ''saint joan'' in black and white, the cinematographer is georges perinal who worked with rene clair and who did ''the life and death of colonel blimp'' in colour. it's perfectly restrained to emphasize the rational intellectual atmosphere for this film. preminger's preference for tracking shots of long uninterrupted takes is key to the effectiveness of the film, there's no sense of a wasted movement anywhere in his mise-en-scene.it also marks the direction of preminger's most mature(and most neglected period) his focus is on the conflict between individuals and the institutions in which they work, how the institution function and how the individual acts as per his principles. these themes get their most direct treatment in his film and as always he keeps things unpredictable and finds no black and white answers. this is one of his very best and most effective films.

savaged when it came out, this film now looks handsome and sounds great. a feast of intelligent thoughtful acting, from gielgud, kenneth haigh, harry andrews and especially anton walbrook,and a moving central performance from the beautiful and incredibly young jean seberg. preminger doesn't jump around and show off- his long slow takes encourage you to listen and reflect, and graham greene's script condenses shaw without sacrificing complexity.the piece has the look of a made for tv movie, and is certainly studio bound but none the worse for that. too many contemporary movies on 'historical' themes cannot resist dumbing down. what would mel gibson have made of the maid? many drooling shots of her on the rack probably, then crisping up on the bbq as the flames take hold. preminger does none of this. the burning is shown mainly through a guilt-stricken reaction. there are a few weak performances, but not enough to cause any serious damage. i caught this movie on tv and was not expecting to watch it through, but i was gripped . in our age of religious fundamentalism and sacrifice, joan's story has unexpected resonance.

a fragment in the life of one of the first female painters to achieve historical renown, "artemisia" tells the true story of a young italian woman's impassioned pursuit of artistic expression and the vicissitudes she encounters. the film features sumptuous costuming and sets and a good cast and acting. however, it is muddled in its attempt to depict the esoterics of the art and the time and is uninspired in its representation of the passion of the artist as painted on canvas and explored through her involvements with men. a good film for those interested in renaissance painting or period films.

i'm fan of art, i like anything about art, i like paintings, sculptures, etc. this movie shows it, so i like it a lot, it shows how a woman wants to paint anything about art, especially naked bodies, but she can't do it because of her strict family (father), at the beginning of the movie she painted herself naked, but she wanted a man for her paintings, but her family didn't let her paint naked men because it's against the moral. even so artemisia could paint her boyfriend and her art teacher completely naked. she falls in love with her art teacher, and it seems the art teacher is absolutely in love with her too, so at the ending he sacrifices his freedom for hers by lying. he said that he raped her, but it wasn't true. artemisia fell in love with him, but if she says that she will suffer a lot, because in the trial in which artemisia, her father and the art teacher were, somebody was hurting her artistic hands to say the truth. i think this a great movie about art, and an artistic love, it's worth watching. valentina cervi is great as artemisia, she acts very well, i also like her performance in "the portrait of a lady" as pansy osmond. 8.5/10

(spoilers?)while the historical accuracy might be questionable... (and with the mass appeal of the inaccurate lotr.. such things are more easily excused now) i liked the art ness of it. though not really an art house film. it does provide a little emotionally charged scenes from time to time. i have two complaints. 1. it's too short. and 2. the voice you hear whispering from time to time is not explained.8/10quality: 10/10 entertainment: 7/10 replayable: 5/10

the film of artemisia may be considered treason, or as true artistic license. which might one aver?in documented history, artemisia gentileschi was subjected to the thumbscrew, and still affirmed that she was r***ed, as mary garrard and gloria steinem have eloquently affirmed.in the movie, under a different torture, she refused to condemn her lover/violator.how may a movie deviate so much from received history, yet still inform the human heart?the answer is not so hard to find. in the movie, the director and cast had filled a gaping hole in the historical record, with the power of imagination.that led to a conclusion that differs from the record.so be it. i find _both_ the record and the movie to be compelling.in both the movie and (it seems) in history, artemisia was a painter, before all else.for that vision, framed in ravishing (sic) film composition, i am truly grateful.seldom have i seen a movie that so compelled my eyes.david broadhurst

i enjoyed every moment of this beautiful film and was intrigued about this female painter i had never heard of before. so i set out exploring her life and work afterwards. as could be expected, i found out that the film was not exactly historically accurate. i was a little astounded however by the very negative comments on the film because of this inaccuracy. come on, guys, a film isn't and shouldn't be a biography (nor a novel!). any historical film distorts reality, because it should be a work of art in its own right. a film director is fully entitled to use elements from reality and history to create a world of his own. artemisia is a wonderful film and i think it brought many people (including some that now give negative comments) to explore the life and work of this fascinating artist.

i thought this movie was stunning, with completely outstanding performances by valentina cervi (artemisia gentileschi).cervi portrays artemisia so beautifully, with tentative yet confidant mannerisms, her hands mapping out an idea before moving her models into place. the passion to which artemisia gives to her art is just spectacular to watch.although not each character was overtly beautiful, this made the film more realistic as the facial hair and clothing was perfect for that point in time.overall i thought this film was fantastic.

the movie looked like a walk-through for "immoral study". most likely i never got much involved with the burning need of the female artist to immortalize male nudes and thus all that fuss about "now, who drew this penis?!" sounded a bit gratuitous. dialogues in this movie are rather dreadful, albeit visually this movie got its moments. i almost dig it when tassi got into painting a mental picture but then movie weered back onto penises. highly recommended to those who has not seen one in a while.

this is a film about 17th century italian artists and one artist in particular, a woman artemisia, an unheard of profession for females at that time, and she dared to paint the male nude detailing his unique musculature.the camera work is principally indoors for that is where the artists mainly worked. there are some great shots. close-ups by candle light suggest the beautiful work of the classical painters and it is fascinating to watch the painters and their students supported by elaborate scaffolding brushing in details of religious frescoes. it is not surprising that the artistic elements of the film (costumes,faces, make-up) are quite superbly authentic because the italian churches have preserved all these details in their frescoes for centuries. the beautiful artemisia is urged by her father to study under the great florentine artist, tassi, who has become expert in the art of perspective and landscape painting (something very new) but the unsuspecting artemisia is introduced to more than new techniques in painting. after posing for her, tassi violently rapes her. her father is outraged. court proceedings follow.this romantic drama has a fairly simple story with an unsatisfactory ending. the outstanding feature of the film is its artistic presentation and attention to detail. scenes such as women running across a field with the wind billowing their voluminous clothing add wonderful effects.artemisia says she paints to please herself; her father paints to please others. as for this film, it will please most, i think.

i'm normally a sucker for romantic films which are well-filmed and well-acted out. this is a romantic (period) film set in 17th-century italy, but filmed in french with english subtitles. the fact that it is a period film means it will inevitably be slower-paced than films set in the modern day era, so it will bore some. if you can overlook that fact, it is actually a really good film. the scenery, the costumes, and the cinematography are beautiful, and the main actors and actress are very compelling in their portrayals, projecting the intensity of the emotions that are running through the plot. the story is like a sad love story with an unhappy ending. its easy to believe that this is an accurate portrayal of the real-life characters. in spite of the fact that i was really moved by the main characters and the storyline, i decided to check out the validity of the story and found out that the main theme of the movie's story - that of an sad unfinished love story - was completely fabricated. in real life, artemisia was raped by tassi initially, rather than submitting to his advances willingly and passionately as the movie had portrayed. she continued to have sexual relations with him only because he had repeatedly promised to marry her. when they were in court, he had *not* admitted guilt of rape out of pity for artemisia's torture (unlike what the movie portrays). in reality, he had tried to portray artemisia as a loose, promiscuous woman with insatiable sexual urges. in the movie, his sister testified in court that tassi had a wife and had sexual relations with his sister-in-law, and tassi's character was all the while made to appear as if his sister had been slandering him regarding his alleged affair with his sister-in-law (although he admits to having had a wife back in florence). needless to say, in reality it wasn't really like that at all. in fact, far from it. tassi was really responsible in the planned murder of his wife, whom he had begotten from rape. and to add to that, tassi really had sexual relations with his sister-in-law, impregnating her in the process, but all this wasn't really mutual as well - again, he had raped his sister-in-law before. so now we have a clear picture of the real tassi as a multiple sex offender, what do we make of the film artemisia's portrayal of him as a lover? we take it as an attempt to make this movie into a romantic film... that this film was never made to be historically accurate... apart from these points just mentioned, there were other historical inaccuracies like in its interpretation of artemisia's art (in real-life, she was never really influenced by tassi's painting style, and she was actually considered a much better painter than tassi ever was.) one thing remains true and its the fact that artemisia gentileschi has been credited as the first woman painter in history, and although her mastery of the art rivalled many of her male peers, she had always experienced difficulty in getting enough credit for her work because of her gender as a woman, in 17th century italy.enjoy this film for its own sake, for it is a pretty good romantic drama, but take its historical references with a grain of salt.

artimisia was on late last night. at first i didn't think i would like it, but seeing i didn't feel like sleeping yet and nothing else being on, i continued watching and felt myself intrigued by the young artimisia, a virgin, pure and passionate. her romance with the older tassi envoked recognisable feelings. even though the film is based on a very romantisised level and not reality, i loved it a lot more than the usual biographys or costume drama's. great play, great camerashots, great music and texts. i loved it and i want more of it! :-)

artemisia gentileschi, the daughter of orazio gentileschi, showed an early promise as a painter. taught by her father, artemisia was born in an era that denied talented women the right to have their work seen side by side art created by men. her tragic life is chronicled in this biographic film directed and co-written by agnes merlik.having read the novel "the passion of artemisia" by susan vreeland, made us investigate more into the life of this woman, her work, and her legacy. we also read mary garrard's "artemisia gentileschi", which should be a must read book by all art lovers."artemisia" presents the fictionalized facts we have read about showing the early life of the young woman as she starts to paint. she was clearly influenced by the work of her father, by caravaggio, agostino tassi, and other florentine painters of that period. her relationship and love affair with tassi is the basis of the film. artemisia, unfortunately couldn't go as far as she could have because of the prejudice against women in the arts. it didn't help either she caused a scandal where she is accused of being raped by tassi. she had to go to rome in order to distance herself from that unhappy time of her life.valentina cervi makes a beautiful artemisia. she is a gorgeous creature who awakened passion in men. michel serrault plays orazio, her father. miki maojlovic is seen as tassi, the man who wanted artemisia, but ended up in jail. emmanuelle devos appears for a moment.the film has a glossy finish that the camera work of benoit delhomme captures in all its splendor. the scenic locales of the film offer an idea of what inspired that school of painting to show in their canvases. the music by krishna levy serves well what we see. agnes merlik directed with sure hand showing a visual style of her own.

whatever you become in your life,you must never forget that you have roots.this is the story of true facts that was made into a beautiful and moving movie! i dare to say that this movie is well underrated.this shows us a reality of life...the more evil surrounds you ,the better person you become.trust in your instincts and be aware that the ideal of life is to live it happy...without grudges,without living "under a rock" . the movie concept is more that interesting...connecting the storytelling with real life events...keeping us aware of everything..from facts to emotions! bless these people and make everyone happy ! see it,i recommend it to all young people.it's not about racism it's about how to live your life !

several years ago the navy kept a studied distance away from the making of "men of honor," a film based on the experiences of the service's first black master chief diver's struggle to overcome virulent racism. ever eager to support films showing our navy's best side the u.s.s. nimitz and two helicopter assault carriers, with supporting shore installations, were provided to complement this engrossing tale of a young sailor's battle with uncontrollable rage. some of the movie was shot aboard the u.s.s. belleau wood.antwone fisher wrote the script for denzel washington's director's debut in which he stars as a navy psychiatrist treating fisher, played effectively and deeply by derek luke.fisher is an obviously bright enlisted man assigned to the u.s.s. belleau wood (lha-3), a front line helicopter assault platform. fisher can't seem to avoid launching his own assaults at minimal provocation from his fellow enlisted men. sent to the m.d. as part of a possible pre-separation proceeding, fisher slowly opens up to the black psychiatrist, revealing an awful childhood of great neglect and shuddering brutality.the story develops as fisher cautiously but increasingly trusts his doctor and gets the courage to pursue a love interest, an enlisted sailor named cheryl, played by a stunningly beautiful joy bryant.fisher reluctantly engages with the doctor by asking long simmering questions but soon realizes he must seek the answers, however painful, in order to grow and move away from conflict-seeking destructive behavior.while all the main characters are black, this story transcends race while unflinchingly showing the evil of exuberant religiosity and concomitant hypocrisy in foster family settings. viola davis, a versatile actress seen in a number of recent films, is a picture of sullen immorality but is nothing compared to foster mom, mrs. tate (novella nelson), who in short but searing scenes would earn - if it existed - the oscar for gut-churning brutality.films about patient-therapist interaction follow a certain predictability (all that transference and counter-transference stuff) but the earnestness of fisher and his doctor/mentor is realistically gripping. it's a good story, well told. period.while set in the navy, "antwone fisher" is not in any real sense a service story as was "men of honor," an excellent movie that dealt with crushing racism directed against a real person. nor is it truly a film about blacks. it's about surviving terrible childhood experiences and, as fisher says, being able to proclaim in adulthood that the victim is still "standing tall." the persecutors shrink in size and significance as a brave and strong young man claims his right to a decent life with the aid of a caring doctor.my only quibble is that washington is a lieutenant commander but is addressed as commander. with all the navy support people listed in the end credits, someone should have told director washington that his character, like all naval officers below the rank of commander, is addressed as "mister." not a big criticism, is it? :)i don't know why this film is playing in so few theaters. it deserves wide distribution. derek luke may well get an oscar nomination.8/10.

"antwone fisher" tells of a young black u.s. navy enlisted man and product of childhood abuse and neglect (luke) whose hostility toward others gets him a stint with the base shrink (washington) leading to introspection, self appraisal, and a return to his roots. pat, sanitized, and sentimental, "antwone fisher" is a solid feel-good flick about the reconciliation of past regrets and closure. good old hollywood style entertainment family values entertainment with just a hint of corn. (b)

this is my favorite movie ever. i have watched it at least 10 times and i cry every time. my family begs me not to watch it so i wont have a crying fit. i think i love that it is a true story written by antwone himself just as much as i love the movie. the acting is top notch, and the actors were perfect for their role. denzel washington is one of my favorite actors. but this is my favorite movie he has done so far. i took care of a little boy who was also born in jail. he was the most precious little boy i had ever met. he has now been adopted by a wonderful family who fought for him for almost two years. i saw this movie while the fight was still going on and his future was unsure and i am so happy he is safe and loved. and i am so happy antwone's happy and found his family.i would love to know more about him and how it has been since meeting his family. i just cant say enough good things about it!!

saw this film in august at the 27th annual national association of black journalists convention in milwaukee, wi, it's first public screening. the film is great!!! derek luke is wonderful as antwone fisher. this young actor has a very bright future. the real antwone fisher did a great job writing the film and denzel's direction is right on the money. see it opening weekend. you won't be disappointed.

knowing what to expect (on the whole) from a denzel washington performance - quality, integrity, gravitas, wry humour - will prepare you for what to expect from his directorial debut. much like robert de niro's a bronx tale, antwone fisher delivers the moving drama of the life of a young man and the effects of key figures in his life. much as in a bronx tale de niro played one of these key figures to the lead character (himself a character was born to play but was too old too) washington takes a similar role in this as the fatherly councellor to the titular character - a character that seems like he should be played by a washington from 20 years ago. be thankful washington is too old to play antwone because if he had we would firstly be deprived of the wonderfully measured and intelligently nuanced performance he gives as the navy councellor. however more importantly we wouldn't get to see the superb, we can only hope star making, turn from derek luke in the title role. inevitably the character comes across as moulded in washington's shape, however you get the impression this is not just because washington directed it, not that luke was trying to copy him, but that luke is as genuinely powerful and thought provoking an actor as washington. it took far too long for washington to receive the academy award he deserved for malcolm x, philadelphia, devil in a blue dress and the hurricane, let us hope that luke does not have to wait so long. also a great piece of casting was joy bryant as fisher's girlfriend, cheryl. while the part could have been a forgettable support or a standard 'girlfriend' role bryant imbues it with life. tender and intelligent the role transcends stereotyping with bryant inhabiting it, and she makes the part significant and interesting. it doesn't hurt either that bryant is possibly the most attractive woman you'll see on celluloid this year - the smile alone could thaw the coldest heart. acting ability and looks - why isn't this woman in everything being made right now. providing good support in a small role in salli richardson as washington's wife berta. saying more with a silence or look than many hollywood actresses can manage in an entire film she informs the audience of the entire storylines long before any exposition occurs. as for washington's directing, as i said, it is the directing equivalent of his acting. taking the story of a man few viewers will have heard of and making it genuinely interesting is a difficult feat which washington achieves with aplomb. the film is neither rushed nor showy, but it never feels slow or dull. it is measured and nuanced, balancing the humour and drama perfectly. antwone fisher may not blow you away if you like big, explosive, plotless hollywood films but for those who appreciate a finely crafted character piece, with excellent performances and steady well handled direction, this is for you.

well, it's yet again a film that plays with your sentiments and you come out all soft as opposed to a rocky film. but i'm a sucker for those so i gave it a good score... the acting was very good and there were a lot of feeling. the violence is kept to a minimal which makes a change. i'd have given it a 9 if it were not for the salute at the end! all in all a good movie with very good actors.

having developed a critical eye for film, and a love for good cinema, i went to see antwone fisher with my breath symbolically held. while i am an unabashed fan of denzel washington - both of his skill as an actor and of his public persona; i am an honest enough fan to admit the (very few) times when he hasn't quite hit the mark in a film or two. and i could be wrong about those - after all, i am not an actor. but this was different - denzel would pour his career's experience into, and guide, a film handling one of the most sensitive topics known to man - the abuse of a child. as his directorial debut, no less. and develop the film to point that it would successfully present the triumph of a man. i didn't want to be disappointed.and i wasn't.what i did see is a film full of promise that connected diverse audiences, and gave the inexperienced viewer a brief, but truthful eye into the life of a young man whose childhood was a living hell, but who triumphed despite it all. this film did it - and nary a dry eye of any color in the theatre proved it. it takes someone to know the topics in this film to know when truth is presented. it takes a talented filmmaker to tell you the story convincingly when you haven't experienced it. and if he can further draw an audience in, and cause an audience to emotionally respond, without pity, the filmmaker has done his job. in any film. black, white, purple or polka dotted. that is what makes good cinema. bravo, denzel washington, derek luke, joy bryant and most of all, antwone fisher - you have indeed won.

having not seen all the films released in 2002, i can't say that this is the best film of the year. i can say that it is the best film i have seen all year. most american films featuring black people either obsess over the american preoccupation with "race relations", or fall into the cliches of the inner city ghetto, with every sterotype imaginable spouting ebonic-phrased slang. antwone fisher stands proudly alone in this regard: race is irrelevant, save for one fight that may, or may not, have been provoked by a racial slur.antwone fisher's story is one that should find resonance with any empathic individual. he is understatedly, and thoughtfully, portrayed by derek luke. denzel washington, while obviously using his star power to have the film made, sticks to the background for the most part, and allows the film to be the antwone fisher story. at a time when bet, and popular culture in general want to maintain the ghetoization of a large number of americans (and canadians too, you know), this is a film that speaks to the humanity in all of us. i just hope that the non-black audience will go see this film for that humanity, rather than avoiding it because they feel that there are no characters or actors in the movie whom they can identify with. that would be a sad commentary on race-relations in north america in and of itself. 

he glorified himself as a great supporting actor in `glory', he proved he was no `malcolm in the middle' mediocre actor in `malcolm x', he showed his brotherly love for acting in `philadelphia', he pulled a slam dunk in `he got game', he pulled no punches and rocked us like a hurricane in `the hurricane', he provided us effective thespian education in `training day', and now he has demonstrated that he could also direct! denzel washington's directorial debut `antwone fisher' is the most moving film of the year. this tearjerker `fish'er story is in no relation to the debacle that happened to the miami dolphins in the 4th quarter against the new england patriots in the last game of the 2002 season. unlike that dolphin tragedy, `antwone fisher' possesses an emotional joyous conclusion. the movie is based on a true story about a young naval officer who has an anger management problem due to the abhorrent he suffered as a foster child. denzel plays the naval psychologist who helps antwone overcome his rage and convinces him to find his natural mother. derek luke's debut performance as antwone is the best admirable acting i have seen by a novice actor in some time now. i actually saw some of the detailed eccentricities in luke's acting as i have seen in washington's past performances. it was like if washington was telling luke- ` la la la luke i am your acting father'. ok! i will lay off the star wars jokes before my readers send me to a galaxy far far away. speaking of the great denzel, his work as the psychologist was masterful. but what can you expect from the acting `master d' himself. `antwone fisher' was written by no other than antwone fisher himself. the emotional pathos he inserted in his storylife's screenplay was of `fisher king' material. i hail to the chief `mr. washington' in catching the right bait in `antwone fisher'. ***** excellent

this movie was incredible. i would recommend it to anyone, much better than what i had already anticipated. it was definitely a heart-wrenching spectacular movie. it is an amazing story, with amazing actors and creators. definitely another great movie with denzel washington. (shouldn't surprise anyone) derek luke did a wonderful job as well.

unlike other commenters who have commented on this movie's ability to transcend race, contrarily, i think that this powerful film provides a complex and deep story that addresses institutional racism and the effects thereof. washington directs fisher's story with a careful hand and critical eye, relinquishing this cinematic endeavor neither to dismemberment of women's bodies, perpetuating unthoughtful stereotypes, nor satisfying the expectation of the white gaze. i think this film might be a bit too happy in the end; however, it is deeply entrenched in afro-american culture and discourse to the point that some white spectators may get the feeling of looking into the life of this afro-american--antwone fisher. i have problems with the naval aspect of the film, but when we look at america, there are not many choices or opportunities for black men who are/were in fisher's situation or similar situations. viewers may go to this movie expecting a "black movie: what is a "black movie?"do stereotypes of pimps, whores, drug dealers, single parent homes, and so forth constitute a "black movie?" i think washington as director recognized that afro-americans and other people of color deal with human problems like abuse and displaced aggression to name a few. these problems have--historically and presently--only been given light and validity via "good will hunting" and other white movies; it's high time they were given the same recognition and validity as their white counterparts in and out of the media.sad to say though, in this racist country, denzel washington and derek luke will probably have to wait another ten years before they receive an oscar or anything else. they both will have to wait until they direct or star in a movie that perpetuates the usual racist and sexist stereotypes to get an oscar. that is to say, denzel deserved awards for "malcolm x," "hurricane" and others before that jive "training day" oscar. that is not to negate or push aside other great actresses and actors of color who are denied their due praise for ingenious work. yet hollywood would rather send the message that racism and sexism and heterosexism are acceptable by perpetuating and even rewarding those stereotypes as they appear in countless films such as "american beauty," "midnight in the garden of good and evil," "american pie," and even "gone with the wind."derek luke is a helluva actor and i wish him best. all of the other actresses and actors gave superb performances hands down, although i do take issue with denzel's selection of yet another straight-haired, light-skinned sistuh. that said, everyone should watch this film. however, it may not be for everyone. much luv. 10/10

in his directorial debut, denzel washington takes a true story that also happens to be a very difficult story and brings it to the screen with an honesty that we have come to expect from washington's acting efforts, but now we see this touch as a director.recently we have seen some of the disastrous results of kids who have fallen through the cracks of public protection. this story tells of a nightmare existence that leaves terrible scars but suggests the triumph of the human spirit in the end.we can nit pick on some first effort problems with too many close ups and not the best of editing these scenes but the simplicity of other scenes that project such power cannot be understated.if the academy overlooks this film it will be travesty. this film pulls no punches and goes to the cold hard facts of the story with a purity that usually doesn't transcend from a novel to the screen. this , of course , is a tribute to the director.this is a dandy so go see it and tell your friends to go see it too!

i went to see antone fisher not knowing what to expect and was most pleasantly surprised. the acting job by derek luke was outstanding and the story line was excellent. of course denzel washington did his usual fine job of acting as well as directing. it makes you realized that people with mental problems can be helped and this movie is a perfect example of this. don't miss this one.

...intimate and specific. yes, a bit of a cinderella story, but only after many convoluted turns, earning it's way deeper and deeper into antwone's psyche. only superficial viewing can condemn this film as superficial. this is the stuff that heals nations, this is one of our great national stories. antwone's path to emotional health encompasses a whole breadth of family history, the history of slavery and its aftermath. in his first directorial effort, first of many i hope, denzel washington confirms once again, that he has a truly beautiful mind and soul.

this film, which is based on a true story, comes from first time director and long time actor, denzel washington. denzel washington has given us some of the best performances of the last decade, as a black soldier in the civil war in glory, and a lawyer in the acclaimed philadelphia. and of course, he made special notoriety last year when he won the academy award for best actor in training day, in which denzel washington became the first african american to receive the award for best actor. i guess denzel wanted a change of pace, so he chose to direct antwone fisher, in which he also stars. fisher is played by derek luke, who is new to the silver screen, but has made some guest appearances on such television shows as king of queens, and he will be appearing in the upcoming film release of biker boyz.	this is a truly well done film from denzel washington, considering it was his first time directing. undoubtedly, denzel felt some kind of commitment and believed in the real life story of antwone fisher. antwone fisher is about a young african american man in the navy who constantly gets into fights, and after one particular brawl he is sent to see a navy psychiatrist named jerome davenport, played by denzel washington. davenport helps antwone to deal with his troubled past and learn to move on with his life, by finding his birth mother who had to give him up at birth because she was in prison. what makes this film good is the fact that it's not overly melodramatic. i was expecting something a little more like good will hunting, with a lot of swearing, fighting and vulgarity. not that i didn't like good will hunting, or the swearing, fighting and vulgarity of the film were out of place. quite the contrary! however, antwone fisher is a true story, and i don't think that washington wanted to sensationalize the story for dramatic affect in the film. don't get me wrong, there are moments when we see antwone fighting, carrying on and having moments when it seems like the world is closing in on him. after all, in his first session with his psychiatrist, the character played by washington, devenport asks fisher where he was born, and fisher's response is, `from under a rock,' an obvious jab at the pressures waning on antwone fisher's soul. but i had to appreciate the fact that this film wasn't sensationalized for dramatic affect. i think it shows real character on the part of denzel washington to deliver a more realistic story and to avoid the typical clichés that are common in hollywood films, even those based on true stories. one other point that i would like to bring up about antwone fisher is the acting. over all, performances were good in the film, but not great. at times, i think it was a bit obvious that the main characters were actors, but overall, to complain about performances in this film would be ludicrous. one actress that i would like to point out in this film is viola davis. she plays antwone's mother, but she says barely two sentences in the movie at all, but not so much because she appears at the end of the film, but more because she in shock that her long lost son, antwone has found her. what i would like to point out about her as an actress in the lack of use of her. she in basically a character actress, and i haven't seen her play any really elaborate roles. she made appearances in traffic, out of sight, kate & leopold, and two recent films: far from heaven and solaris. in steven soderberg's remake of solaris, she played a scientist on a doomed space craft orbiting a planet. in that film, she is confronted by george clooney's character and she drawn to tears by what clooney tells her in a particular scene. when i first saw solaris, i remember seeing her tear up in the scene and thinking, wow, this woman can act. it was as if you could feel the character's grief. in that brief shot of her face, she gave so much expression and i honestly felt very sorry for her character's sadness and trouble in the film. i think she has definite potential as an actress and should be used more often perhaps in leading roles, rather than just as a character driven actress. nonetheless, antwone fisher is a very good movie. denzel washington, as always, pulls off a great performance and he gives us a great directorial debut. also, derek luke is a very talented actor. i think that antwone fisher will bring his immense critical fame for his portrayal of the troubled man, but i think that his public popularity will increase with the release of biker boyz, which also stars lawrence fishburn. antwone fisher is based on the book `finding fish: a memoir,' by antwone quenton fisher. ***

antwone fisher is the story of a young emotionally troubled u.s. navy seaman. his problems lead him to jerome davenport, a psychiatrist who helps him realize that his troubles stem from his childhood upbringing. get ready to shed a tear or two. the movie could thaw the coldest heart. i loved the story, which turns from something so very awful to happen to anyone into a positive ending. antwone fisher is a powerful movie, most importantly about forgiveness. other important issues that get you thinking are child abuse, adoption, and foster care.oscar winner, denzel washington does an impressive job in his directorial debut. there were many scenes which i enjoyed watching. they included the beginning (dreams of a little boy – check out the gigantic-sized pancakes!) and the ending (dreams turned into reality), which beautifully tied the story together. another wonderful scene occurred when the doctor encouraged antwone to search for his family to find answers to his questions about his family that abandoned him. my favorite scene happened when the young man finally confronted his mother and her reaction towards him. priceless.all the actors represented their parts well. in addition to directorial responsibilities, mr. washington continues to show why he won an oscar award and is successful in all his acting roles. he had a strong presence in this movie.actor, derek luke demonstrated why he was so right for the part of antwone fisher. he portrayed very real and heart-tugging work.joy bryant who played the part of cheryl, antwone's love interest, resembled a ray of sunshine on the screen. the chemistry flowed well between the romantic characters.novella nelson who played the part of mrs. tate, a despicable character, deserves special mention.although we only see her for a few minutes, the actress who played fisher's mother gave an outstanding performance.everyone should see antwone fisher.

i just watched antwone fisher on bravo. what an awesome movie and incredible young man. this movie is a must see for anyone who is dealing with how to overcome childhood abuse and abandonment as an adult. denzel washington puts in an outstanding performance as well as the young man who plays antwone fisher. kleenex alert--feel good and tearful. the most heartrending moment is when he finally meets his mother, who he was taken away from at 2 months of age. and one of the most courageous was when he stood up to his abusive foster mother and sister. i saw this movie on bravo in 2008 and only wish i had known about it years ago. definitely a movie to add to my dvd collection.

"and the time came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom" - anais nin marcel proust says, "the real voyage of discovery lies in not seeing new landscapes but in having new eyes." author and screenwriter antwone fisher joined the u.s. navy to see new landscapes but the demons of his past prevented him from seeing the world through new eyes. based on his autobiography "finding fish" written many years after the events, his story is dramatized in the film antwone fisher, denzel washington's first directorial effort. it is a heartfelt if somewhat formulaic look at the painful process of moving from being consumed by one's past to being able to live life in present time.required to attend therapy sessions after several outbursts of anger at the base, the painful aspects of his childhood are shown in flashback as the grown up antwone (derek luke) recounts his life in sessions with navy psychiatrist jerome davenport (denzel washington). he is at first unwilling to talk, but when he begins, the floodgates are opened. after his father was shot to death by a girlfriend and antwone was abandoned by his mother after being released from prison, he was placed in a foster home where he lived for fourteen years, suffering humiliation and sexual abuse. according to antwone, the treatment by his foster mother mrs. tate (novella nelson) who referred to him only as "nigga" and by his cousin nadine (yolonda ross) was in fact much worse than shown on the screen.the only friend he has is a local by named jesse (jascha washington) who, later in the film, only adds to his feelings of abandonment. it is difficult to build a film around psychiatric sessions but it was done successfully in ordinary people and good will hunting with a great deal more dramatic interest but it succeeds here because of the dominant performances of washington and luke, though the film's attempt to compress eleven years into a few months seems a bit too facile. davenport's humanity and warmth, however, allows fisher to feel safe enough to discuss his difficult past and cheryl (joy bryant), his new girlfriend who is also in the navy, supports him in his struggle to achieve a breakthrough.with cheryl's help and dr. davenport's counseling, antwone develops enough self-esteem to return to cleveland and begin the journey to try and find his mother in order to complete the past. what comes through in derek luke's incredible performance is antwone's longing for acceptance, dramatized in a heartbreaking dream shown at the beginning of the film in which he is the guest of honor at a banquet filled with people who love him. comedian mort sahl once said that "people just have to remember what we're all here for: to find our way home..." antwone fisher touches not only on the longing of one young person to find his way home but reaches all those who have cried themselves to sleep, not knowing the joy of being loved.

a great story, based on a true story about a young black man and all the difficulties along the road. being that this is denzel washington's first ever movie that he himself was gonna direct, i have to admit i was a tad sceptical, but who wouldn't be..? but then again, he's a great actor with plently of years of experience, and the end result turned out great. the story is told in a great way, making you that has had difficulties during your childhood, and young adulthood, see yourself in those situations. so, it hits you hard, letting you know your not the only one going through hell. in all, a touching story about a young man trying to make it in this f***ed up world. (the story is based on the life of antwone fisher, born 3. august 1959, cleveland, ohio, usa, whom was also the writer of this movie) strongly recommended. 8/10

this is a film about life, the triumph over adversity and the wonders of the human spirit. i defy anyone not to shed a tear by the end of the movie. this is more than just a tear-jerker, its an engaging, thought-provoking drama with excellent performances from all the cast but especially derek luke and denzel washington. 7 years on, i'm amazed that luke is still a virtual unknown and washington only directed one other film. nevertheless, apart from a slow build-up, the story of this foster child's trials and tribulations and how it still affects him in adulthood is the sort of movie that stays with you long after you have seen it. like many fox searchlight pictures, this was more of a sleeper hit and didn't get the mass critical acclaim it deserves. the scene where antwone finally meets his mother summed up the movie for me, there were so many ways that could have been done and it could have been all schmaltzy or it could have been unrealistic but washington struck exactly the right tone, his mother never said a word and could only shed a tear, while antowne asked simply why. her overwhelming guilt prevented her from saying anything, what could she say to defend herself? one of the most moving cinematic scenes i have seen.

this movie describes the life of somebody who grew up in the worst of circumstances but unlike many people he actually grew up to be a respectable person. whats more is that this is a true story.antwone fisher is so innocent and yet he was abused such just because he was not white. antwone fisher has been married to the same women for ten years and he never fooled around with women, coke, cigars, weed, alcohol, or any of those things that are very popular in the places he was growing up. there is not much more to say about this movie it is excellent. the only rating i can give it is a 10/10.

antwone fisher's story of childhood neglect and abuse is an inspiration to all among us who witnessed or even experienced the plight of foster children. abandoned by a troubled mother, antwone has never met his father. growing up with "church going" abusers who use the "n-word" not only to intimidate and hurt but also as a term of endearment, as a young man witnessing how his best friend is killed in a hold-up, enduring racial slurs and being teased while serving in the navy, antwone's anger is slowly turned into positive power when counseled by a navy psychiatrist, and a love enters his life.the scene where antwone meets his birth mother is one of the most powerful moments in the film. stunned by the unexpected confrontation, the woman listens in silence to hear the young man tell her how he has lived a life without crime, addictions to drugs, fathering children left and right, all despite his utterly adverse circumstances.if that scene wasn't powerful enough, the very next one drives it home (and opens the flood gates): a reception to welcome home antwone; dozens of smiling faces and open arms announcing that he is part of this great family.one of the messages delivered by this wonderful film is that there are many well-meaning and sincere people working to help orphans and unwanted children. even if some of the homes and administrators don't seem to care and appear self-serving, many do give it their all. the character who found antwone's "file" once he disclosed the circumstances of his birth is one of those "bright lights" in the darkness of the system.the dvd includes a french language track, various subtitle choices, as well as additional features and information about foster parenting.as a clevelander i appreciated the location footage. no matter where you are from, you will be deeply moved by this autobiographical gem.

this movie is great! it touched my stone cold heart. i couldn't relate about the racial discrimination that antwone has experienced because i'm living in my own country. i guess it is really hard to be discriminated.we watched this film in our sociology class in new era university,and i didn't knew that it was a true story, i thought it was just created by an intellectual who want to bring a fresh air in the industry. it is very good.the part that shocked me was when nadine abused antwone (who was just six) sexually. if i were on his shoes, i could have jumped a ten-story high building. i salute him for he being so strong!the scene that touched me here is when antwone finally saw his mother eva face to face. he did not bitched her or whatever,instead he told her about the achievements that he got within the long years that they have been separated. (i think i'll do that when i get the chance of tracing my roots.)

i was adopted at birth and certainly did not have the problems antwone fisher had in the movie, but i still share some of the emotions and this movie really helped to bring them out and force me to deal with them. it even caused me to realize that i do have a "missing piece" and i am going to seek out my birthparents now.i cried for almost a day after i saw this the first time. antwone's confrontation with his birthmother juxtaposed with his father's family's reaction to his sudden appearance are powerful for those of us who don't know what will happen if we find our birth parents. and his self-confidence and self affirmations to his mother and against the abusers of his past were so powerful. i could really identify with this and my need to tell people "yeah, i was put aside by my parents when i was born. but another set of parents picked me up and loved me. and now i am a success!"it also helped my wife understand me and our adopted children, who did go through tragic experiences before they came to our home. and it helped me to realize just how messed up our social system is. if you remember reading the story last year about the foster kid in florida who was "lost" and then the "miranda & ashley" story in oregon city where scf ignored multiple sexual abuse complaints about the man who ultimately killed them and the week this movie was released, yet another story in new jersey of three kids who were ignored by the system. one died. the state apparently thought the home they were in was ok because the guardian was employed (as a stripper) and "only occasionally" used heroin!there are just so many issues that are brought out in this movie - and they are dealt with so well by the script and by the acting that antwone fisher should be a "best picture" nominee for sure. no matter if you are adopted or not, it is a heart-tugger that can't be ignored by anyone concerned about children in our society.

not having seen the film in the original theater release, i was happily surprised when the dvd arrived, since this film did not have the wide distribution it merited.denzel washington directorial debut and the finished product have nothing to envy other films about the same theme by more accomplished directors. the film has a very professional look. it shows that mr. washington has learned a lot being on the other side of the camera. he brings a different angle to this film.one of the best things the film has is, without a doubt, the fine performance by derek luke. he is an actor who, with the right guidance, will go far, no doubt. his take on the troubled young man, at this point of his life, in turmoil and suffering for a bad hand life, up to now, has dealt him, is very true. his antwone is a fine portrait of a man in pain who is basically very good and has so much to give, but no one seems to see that side of his character.at the worst time of his despair, antwone is sent to dr. davenport, played by mr. washington, in a very sober, if somehow subdued manner. because of the angst within antwone, he misses the opportunity of opening himself to this man, who wants to help, but because of the constrains placed on his office, just have three sessions and then has to dismiss his patient.things work out, as antwone is able to convince the doctor to keep on working with him. antwone's past is revealed in detail. the abuse he suffers at the hands of mrs. tate, his foster mother, is brutal, to say the least. the attempt at the hand of an older woman in the tate's household of a sexual molestation, gives antwone a bitter taste that stays with him throughout his adult life, as he has been scarred by the shame he carries with him.antwone finds love at last with cheryl, who is patient enough to make him see a different world by the love she and support she gives him.the lead performances are very good indeed. denzel washington's dr. davenport has his own problems too. he is not a happy camper either. he can help antwone, but he cannot help himself, or his relationship with an adoring wife. the talent in the film is incredible. joy bryant makes a fine cheryl. novella nelson, who is a fine actress is superb as mrs. tate, the abusing foster mother.the reunion of antwone with his unknown family is a bit too sugary and sentimental, but of course, if one is to believe that fisher finds happiness at last, one has to accept that part of the film as well.

the violent and rebel twenty-five years old sailor antwone fisher (derek luke) is sent to three sessions for evaluation with the navy psychiatrist dr. jerome davenport (denzel washington), after another outburst and aggression against a superior ranked navy man. reluctant in the beginning of the treatment, he gets confidence in dr. davenport and discloses his childhood, revealing painful traumas generated in his foster house. meanwhile, he meets cheryl smolley (joy briant), and they fall in love for each other. resolving his personal problems, antwone becomes a new man. this true familial drama is a touching and positive story of a man who finds a friend and is sent back to a regular life. the direction of denzel washington is excellent, making sensitive, attractive and with good taste, a story about child abuse. in the hands of another director, it might be a very heavy story. my vote is eight.title (brazil): 'voltando a viver' ('returning to live')

every one should see this movie because each one of us is broken in some way and it may help us realize 1) my life isn't as bad as i thought it was and 2) how important it is to adopt a child in need. there are so many out there. to think that the movie was actually based on a real person made us think deep about life and how the world has and always will be. corrupt, but that corruption doesn't have to reach your home. we all have a choice! definitely recommend this one... and while you're at it, i'd like to throw in "the color purple" and "woman, thou art loosed" by t.d. jakes.these are all movies that are based on life and give us a glimpse of life.

a stunning film of high quality.apparently based on true events which, as told, has the clear ring of truth about it, this movie is highly emotional and deeply moving.an abused and neglected child often becomes wayward in adulthood, as one of life's failures, be it as a gangster, drug addict or burden on society.antwone fisher as a young adult in the navy, is troubled. he is on the brink of being a loser. he is counselled in therapy by a psychiatrist and it is that relationship which takes center stage in the play.in flash-backs and therapy the source and remedies to antwones angst are revealed.outstanding performances from the whole cast. the story is in effect a family tragedy with emotional and physical torment. all the actors give full blooded performances with conviction and realism.one message from the movie is the importance of raising children decently.the real antwone deserves success. to have endured wickedness as a child but to rise above that, shows a magnificent character.and to all those out there who have endured such torment but to have survived and succeeded: you are all winners. 10 out of 10.

an adaption of the book 'finding fish'. this story is about a troubled young sailor antwone fisher (derek luke) who tells the painful story of his past to a psychiatrist jerome davenport (denzel washington). a brilliant debut performance by derek luke and an always stunning performance by denzel washington.this movie was incredible on so many levels and i was disappointed that it didn't win an oscar, i think it was because it was released at a bad time that's why it was overlooked. i strongly recommend this film to everyone, you'll be touched by his story and it really does make the audience become empathetic with this young man that is antwone fisher.if you like inspirational true stories, then watch antwone fisher.thank you

i enjoyed watching brigham young and found it to be a positive and largely true portrayal of the lds faith. i think that a remake of this epic journey across the plains would be beneficial, since many people today are not familiar with the trials and persecutions faced by the early mormon church. it is an incredible story of a strong and devoted people.as a member of the church, the single most disturbing aspect of the film (most of the historical inaccuracies did not bother me much) was the portrayal of brigham young as one that had "knowingly deceived" church members into believing he had been called to be joseph's successor as the prophet. although i understand the dramatic reasons for this plot line, it creates the impression that his doubts in this regard are historical fact, when in reality, both brigham and the bulk of the church members understood and believed firmly that he had been called to lead the church. brigham did not knowingly deceive the saints; rather he led them confidently by inspiration. the point is important for mormons because on it hinges an important aspect of our faith: that god truly speaks to prophets today, and that brigham young, like joseph smith, was an inspired prophet of god.whether or not you believe this statement or not, just know that the film does not accurately portray what brigham himself believed.

this is a wonderful movie about the struggle of the mormons and their final settlement in salt lake, utah. the beginning and the ending are especially powerful, and the message is one we all have to be reminded of - god doesn't talk, but he communicates, if we would only listen. as i am writing this in the midst of the horrors going on in new orleans and the surrounding area due to katrina, i was especially moved by the mormons having to leave everything behind and move on after joseph smith was assassinated. people came to this country to escape religious persecution, and yet they could not. the struggle of the mormons to cross the country, the cost in lives, the hardship they suffered was truly awe-inspiring, demonstrating their tremendous strength. as far as the actual beliefs of mormons, this is not heavily gone into, and polygamy is mentioned but is not a centerpiece of the film at all.the cast is top-notch, though others who have commented know more about the actual characters and can talk about how true the portrayals were. but as actors, dean jagger, mary astor, brian donlevy, john carradine, jane darwell all do excellently with the script they were given.though the film could have easily stood on its own (and certainly does today) tyrone power and linda darnell were added to the cast to get the crowds into the movie theaters to see a film about the mormons. power is magnificently handsome as a young mormon, and darnell, as zina, is not a mormon but stays on with the family after her father is killed. power does not have much to do until the end of the film, when he has a big scene, and darnell (still a teenager at the time of the filming) has even less, though they make a lovely couple. their fate is left unclear regarding her conversion, and one does wonder about the polygamy in their case. you can't beat either one for eye candy, however.

i find alan jacobs review very accurate concerning the movie;however i had the opportunity to rent the dvd from blockbuster with a commentary from byu's curator, motion picture archives james d'arc. the then lds prophet heber j. grant approved of the movie understanding the deviations from historic content for dramatic expression and telescoping events. for example the movie showed joseph smith on trial. despite brigham young's great oratory in defense of joseph smith he was convicted anyway. then joseph was killed. historically joseph smith was never convicted of anything. brigham young was in boston when joseph smith was arrested for this particular trial. joseph smith and his brother hyrum where both killed before the trial took place.

henry hathaway was daring, as well as enthusiastic, for his love of the people of the early days in us history. however, to critique historical inaccuracies of his film about brigham young and the mormon people are not necessary or useful in commenting for this film. in my opinion, hathaway did superb direction that conveys what a mormon people were in the early history of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints during the time period beginning with the martyrdom of joseph smith to the date of film release. in often subtle filming and dialog delivery, he covered mormon philosophies and teachings in many of the segments and scenes.i remember watching this movie on many saturday mornings during my youth in the early 1950's. that was just over 10 years after the films release and before the los angeles temple was completed, which i watched being constructed and instilled more curious wonder of who mormons were. i recently purchased this film and will enjoy the following messages that hathaway interpreted in his film.1. love for all people, regardless of their personal beliefs, 2. charity to those in need or not, 3. family is high in importance, 4. listen respectfully and carefully, because even opposing messages have important points to consider and adopt, 5. work hard, both individually and in community, 6. prepare and store for future days of need, 7. hope is a binding link to a higher being, and for our daily lives, 8. and, that there is a unique quality to any group, and appreciate those that are identified as beneficial.

i rented this film because of my interest in american history, and especially the somewhat weird story of the mormons. this movie attempts to make some sense out of how joseph smith could turn his "vision" into a major world religion. it first focuses on the troubles the mormons had in their settlement at navuoo, illinois. it portrays the trial of joseph smith. within the course of that trial, brigham young stands up to tell of his conversion to mormonism, and of his belief in the spiritual message of smith. then smith is assassinated, and young must deal with his own doubts about whether he has been chosen to lead the mormons to a new land. despite his grave doubts, he perseveres, and finally has a vision (that utah is the place for his colony) that gives him confidence in the rightness of his leadership. later, as crops are destroyed by crickets, he again doubts that he has truly been chosen--however, a miracle occurs, which cements his place in history.i found the performances to be moving, and the story to be convincing and interesting. i would love to know whether mormons believe that this is an accurate portrayal. polygamy is a part of the story, but the reasons why this is central to lds are not raised. the issue is not emphasized.i'm sure people stay away from this movie because of its religious subject-matter, but it has a great cast and will hold your interest throughout.

fox's epic telling of one a america's greatest pioneering efforts comes to dvd with some truly outstanding "extras". brigham young (the "frontiersman" was added for the european release), telling the story the great pioneer leader, who under inspiration brought members of the mormon faith (church of jesus christ of latter-day saints)out to the salt lake valley in 1847, after mobs murdered their prophet/leader, joseph smith (played by vincent price), was brought to the screen in 1940, just as america was about to enter world war ii. it was a daring move on fox chief, darryl f. zanuck and it was a breath of fresh air to the mormon people, as this was the first film attempt to favorably show their faith on the screen. now fox, working with james d'arc, curator of the excellent motion picture archives at brigham young university in provo, utah, has brought this film to the dvd format in an outstading edition. mr. d'arc, who some years ago did his doctoral dissertation on the film, has provided one of the most in depth commentary tracks ever done for a dvd. he seperates the fact from the fiction and lets listeners understand why this films was so much appreciated by church leaders even though embellishments to the truth run throughout the film. one of the fun bits of information deals with dean jagger, the actor who plays the title role. many years after the film he married a latter-saint woman and was eventually converted to the lds faith. there is much to be learned from d'arc's knowledge and it is great to have this as part of the dvd! there are over 100 pictures from the fox & byu archives included on the disc, plus newsreel footage of the incredible premiere at seven theatres in salt lake city. thanks fox for another outstanding dvd -- and thank you, james d'arc for your great commentary!

i watched this on the movies with my girlfriend at the time and i can say that i didn't have the best time mainly because i didn't know about ned kelly or his story.but since this is a biopic, it's important to at least know what to expect from the character.i don't know if the manner the events are told are true, or if it everything is fictional. but the way ned kelly is portrayed as a hero and a fighter for justice really makes me want to believe everything is true. i don't think he's portrayed as a redneck criminal or thief, but that's just my opinion.this is a solid western-type movie for everybody's tastes. heath ledger is great as always and the sexy naomi watts charms the screen.give this movie a chance if it airs on cable. otherwise, i don't think i could recommend it.

fantastic movie. one to excite all 5 senses. is not a true historical report and not all information is to be taken as factual information. true hollywood conventions used, like playing a list and very attractive actors as the 'heroes', such as naomi watts (julia cook - ned kelly's lover), heath ledger (ned) and orlando bloom (joe byrne - ned's right hand man), and unattractive (sorry geoffrey rush) actors play the drunken and corrupt victorian police force. this also instills a very unreliable love story into the mix between ned (ledger) and julia cook (watts) to entice all the romantics, females being especially susceptible. even from the first scene, when ned saves the fat youth from drowning and his dad calls him "sunshine" and had a "glint in his eye as he looked down at me, his hand on me shoulder," it is very romanticized and persuades viewers to side with ned kelly, the underdog. besides, don't all aussies love an underdog?

i'm tired of people judging films on their "historical accuracy". it's a movie people!! the writers and directors are supposed to put their own spin into the story! there are a number of movies out there that aren't entirely accurate with the history....braveheart, wyatt earp, gangs of new york, geronimo: an american legend, the last of the mohicans....all fantastic films that are mildly inaccurate historically. if you want to see a few great actors do what they do best, then i suggest you see this film and don't worry about the accuracy of the facts. just enjoy the quality of the film, the storyline and one of the greatest actors of our time.

i thought that this film was very well made, heath leger was very convincing and his irish accent was flawless. orlando bloom and naomi watts were also really good and believable. how true it is to what really happened i have no idea, but it did portray why people sometimes become what they do. maybe those in authority have always been corrupt and i did find it interesting that over 30,000 signed a petition for ned kelly not to be hanged, so maybe there was more truth in this film than at first thought? in many ways it reminded me of cold mountain which was another good historical film. all in all i would highly recommend this film and i am somewhat baffled why it didn't do better in the cinemas.

definitely one of my favourite movies. the story is good, acting is great, all technicals (especially cinematography) are sharp and the script is clever.heath ledger is terrific as edward ''ned'' kelly. he is gripping as the legendary outlaw, and is supported well by geoffrey rush, naomi watts and orlando bloom. all action sequences are on pointthe film is edge-of-your seat stuff right up to to the end. one of my favourite films from the late legend heath ledger, who has been the highlight of every film he has starred in. and makes no mistake here.an excellent film all round.

generally i like something light and fun, so this film shouldn't have appealed to me. but it grabbed me from the start. the story of a family's choices and challenges seem obvious, but it raises the question over and over: "what if it was my family? my choice?" i cried and laughed when they did because i really felt what the people involved felt. it was in places difficult to watch, but more difficult to turn away. the story is true, and life is sometimes difficult to watch! it shows what film-makers can do without sex, violence, or special effects: a good story is a good story all by itself. the best and most unpredictable stories are all true ones. like real life, you really don't know what'll happen next, or why people do the things that they do!

to say this film is simply a demonisation of catholics and a misrepresentation of history is untrue. that is not what this film is.what this film is is a comment on the abuses of the church (although this could be substituted for any powerful body), the ways that this abuse affects people and families and the way so many people choose to simply allow and often participate in the abuse without thinking for themselves. the fact that it is the catholic church which is in the wrong is simply because of the nature of the true story the film is based upon. to label this as propaganda against catholics seems to miss the truth about what the catholic church has done at times; its history is often not great and is something that films like this highlight and that needs to be highlighted. yes we should comment on the abuses committed by other organisations but that is not for the remit of this film.it is an amazing film which brought me to tears and well worth watching - 'if we do not study the past, we are bound to repeat it'

this was a gem. amazing acting from the leads liam cunningham, orla brady and all the supporting cast. the movie raises a subject not only pertinent to ireland and irish history but to many communities around the world and many marriage units within those communities. with intensity and sincerity the movie shows how the religious convictions and traditions drove a wedge on a loving and passionate family. the title "love divided" couldn't capture it any better. even though it was a true story and happening in ireland of the 50th seeing how the life of the whole village erodes and "pogroms" are starting reminded me of russian history. the intolerance and prejudice are still too powerful in the world and unfortunately it's deeply hidden inside the human nature. just like in the movie the liam cunningham's character says "the hatred had always been there under the surface". it was interesting to watch the moral choices people were making in this story. also the character of a catholic priest and what happened to him in the end of the story was quite meaningful. the story however gives hope that love of two people can conquer everything and love makes us better, stronger. liam cunningham's character goes through the whole transformation in the course of the story becoming a man he always wanted to be. again acting is a top notch. story is fast-paced. irish countryside is as beautiful as ever. highly recommended.

oh dear . yet another example of " oireland " and religion . no doubt we'll be seeing some depressing nonsense featuring some " hunky and macho freedom fighters " from the ira . well that was my initial reaction when the credits started but just over an hour and a half later i was in a state of shock . what a superb movie the story starts on the day of the wedding between sean cloney and sheila kelly in the 1950s . there is a slight problem since they're getting married in the catholic church and that is sheila is a protestant but in order for the wedding to happen sheila takes a pledge that her children will be brought up catholic and attend the catholic school when they're old enough . the story - which is set in the 1950s - then jumps forward a few years when the cloney daughters are about to start school but sheila has decided they'll be attending the local protestant school much to the disgust of local priest father stafford . from there things escalate let me put my cards on the table and state that despite having both irish catholic and scottish protestant heritage i was brought up as agnostic and have considered myself as an atheist throughout my adult life . in fact when it comes to religion i consider myself a marxist and religion is a cynical weapon used to manipulate people . a love divided shows what happens when self appointed moral guardians take it upon themselves to tell other people what to think and believe . may i have the temerity to state that if karl marx saw this movie he'd love it and call it a masterpiece ? perhaps i shouldn't since the drama of this story shows what happens when other people do your thinking for you in reply to the couple of reviewers who have claimed this movie is propaganda of the worst sort i don't claim to know the exact details of what happened in county wexford and there's no denying that father stafford and his flock of catholic sheep are portrayed as being the bad guys but sheila isn't blameless herself . think about a woman living in a rural village in 1950s ireland who takes a pledge to bring her children up as catholics then changes her mind and believes there will be no consequences of this ? this is a warning against taking pledges and not keeping to them . not only that but she disappears to let other people pick up the pieces of their shattered lives . there's also something that no one else has picked up upon and that is that the only character with any type of moral sense is former ira man andy bailey who is shown as being gallant not because he was a former ira member ( that makes a change . we're not talking about the devil's own here ) but simply because he is an atheist who has decided to think for himself a love divided is a superb movie that has a lot to say for itself , all of which i agree with . if there's any sort of criticism it's that it feels too much like a tvm rather than a cinematic movie but believe me i can live with that and is essential viewing to anyone who thinks religion is the opium of the masses

i didn't know what to expect from 'ned kelly', but absolutely loved it. it was dark, dramatic and gripping. it also felt very authentic, i felt that i had been transported back to the 1800's. i've never been much of a heath ledger fan, having only seen him in teen type movies, however he is quite compelling in this role. ledger plays ned kelly with dignity and intensity, showing us how an highly spirited boy became australia's most notorious killer. naomi watts is great in a supporting role as kelly's society lover. highly recommended - and that's from an aussie!

oh wow. i saw this film at the irish international film fleadh in manhattan on 12 march 2000. both stars were in attendance and were available for questions afterward. what a gorgeous film! although set in ireland amid catholic/protestant antagonism, the story could have happened anywhere between any two groups of people who hate each other. the horror of how quickly people can get carried away when they are given a chance to vent their hate and anger was woven beautifully with a moving love story drizzled with humor and fun. if this one does not get picked up in the usa, it would truly be most unfortunate.as for the stars and supporting players...first rate. they call orla brady the irish meryl streep, i heard. it is my opinion that she is better than meryl streep. they should be calling meryl the american orla brady! and, liam cunningham's steady and powerful portrayal of a simple and private man sucked into a political war was brilliant.see this movie.

i never fail to be amazed and horrified by the evil that has been predicated in the history of the world in the name of religion, and it seems that the machinations of the catholic church in twentieth century ireland rank right up there near the top - considering that the wisdom of history and modern times should have had some sobering effect.a love divided is the story of a real family scarred by ignorant intolerance and prejudice all in the name of an inane church doctrine. at the beginning of the film, we are offered a view of the bucolic life in a small irish village in which sheila and sean cloney are happily married with two young children. sean is catholic and sheila is protestant, but she has no qualms with their children being raised as catholic. there is no sign of any animosity between the catholics and protestants in the village. the peaceful and loving relationships are soon shattered when sheila expresses the desire to have their older child attend the protestant school. the local priest takes it upon himself to forbid this "sin" and soon has sheila's husband and the entire catholic population of the village turned against her as well as her father, the local dairy farmer. in an act of defiance and desperation, sheila kidnaps her two daughters and flees from the area.special note should be given to orla brady who plays sheila. she gives an extremely powerful performance in which the viewer is drawn in to the emotional trauma in which she decides to reject the wishes of a husband she deeply loves in order to express her fervent desire to establish herself as independent from the pressures of the establishment. on an equal footing is liam cunningham who plays sean for he gives a realistic portrait of a man not nearly as complex as his wife who is torn between his love for her and the influence of church and community.if fiction, this film would have been a compelling and interesting drama. considering it is true, it changes to a horrific tragedy. in real life, the people and the village never fully recovered from the events that took place there. it took almost half a century for the church to acknowledge its negative role in the events, and even though sheila and sean lived out their lives in the area, they never fully recovered from what was done to them by the religious leaders and their fellow villagers.whether it be denying basic rights to education of choice, crashing planes into buildings, subjugating women, condemning whole races, or just plain on torture and murder, we humans certainly have the ability to use religion as a powerful negative force in our society.

this movie is about a side of ireland that americans don't normally see, the narrow-minded religiously prejudiced side of the 'friendliest race in the world'. the movie, by the admission of the inhabitants of fethard who are old enough to remember the events, is fairly accurate (though they insist that the film-makers invented some of the more violent scenes just to spice up the action).the movie was very unpopular in ireland as it portrayed the catholic church in a bad light, but the simple fact is that representatives of the catholic church *did* organise vetoes of minorities (before protestants it was the jews).the film is a fascinating insight into the whole issue of religion in ireland

this movie might not put the catholic church in the best light but it is telling a story based on true events. unfortunately not everything in life, including religion, are all nice and rosy. sometimes people and groups do things that at the time seem like the right thing but in retrospective do not look as great as they once did. "a love divided" tells the story of a family, yes it does incorporate religion, but really the story is about a family, and that family's ability to stay together no matter what is thrown at them. this film is also based on true events which is not to say that this story, scene by scene, is true, but if you were to look at news articles from that time period you would be able to see that neither churches handled the incident in a way that was helpful towards the family. both churches are at fault here, the catholic church for forcing such a regulation on the family in the first place and not responding to the violence that came with it and the protestant church for telling the mother that she should just obey her husband and his priest and not put up a fight. in this case both let this family down. i believe that the film does a good job in showing this struggle in both the church and the family. it in no way shape or form is putting down the catholic church, just the opposite, it shows how one incident can change the course of that religion's ideas and how one person can have an effect far more reaching then just themselves.

the only reason i wanted to see this was because of orlando bloom. simply put, the movie was spectacularly average. it's not bad, but it's really not very good. the editing is good; the film is well-paced. the direction is competent and assured. the story is plodding. the film is averagely acted by ledger, bloom, and the normally great watts and rush. the accents are impenetrable if you're from the us so just sit back and enjoy the scenery (or as i like to call it, orlando bloom). by the end of the film, i was neither bored nor moved. some people have asked what happened to ned kelly at the end of the movie. i have to say, i so did not care by that point.really, the only reason i can recommend this is that orlando bloom kind of, sort of shows some hints of range (although the oft-present "i'm pretty and confused" look is prominent), so fangirls may find it worth the matinee price. other than that, just don't see it. it's neither good enough nor bad enough to be entertaining.

how could i possibly pass up the chance to see orlando bloom and heath ledger together? well, i couldn't and so, i rented this mess of a movie.i had never heard of ned kelly and was surprised by what i found out about this young man's legend. i was also surprised at how mediocre this movie was. perhaps the fact that it was very, very late and at the end of a 4 hour movie marathon or maybe it was because it really is a little slow, i found this story difficult to follow. not because the story is complicated, but because it is slow. even with a slow story, ledger and bloom managed to create interesting, dimensional characters. though i flounder to recommend this as a must see, it is a great story of australian history (considering how young the country is, this is very rare and should be appreciated) and the film does have some good actions sequences. 6/10 see it for historical value....(yeah right...and that's the only reason to see it... ;) )

i loves this movie,because it showed that they were not killing for fun but to save the ones they loved! heath ledger and orlando bloom did a great job portraying ned and joe. it has a few quick inappropriate scenes but is all right other than that. the language is very mild and sometimes don't even know it is there. this movie shows that just because they are outlaws does not mean that they are vicious killers! i hope that people will watch this movie and learn about important times in history like this one. there is one thing that fascinates me about this movie is that they got their inspiration for their armor from a book ned looked at! also that that is how people remember them,from their armor. i hope that people will watch this movie and get interested as i have.

'ned kelly' is a wonderfully made australian film honouring a true australian hero. we are taken into the world of ned, his best friend, joe byrne, and the other members of the kelly gang, as the film explains and perhaps justifies ned's actions.there is an exceptional cast present, who all give stellar performances, which brings the film to life. (great job, heath!) orlando bloom was fantastic as joe, playing the role of quiet, loyal ladiesman very well. i was swept up in the moment. for a moment i almost believed the gang would win the battle at glenrowan, alas, it was not to be.some aspects of the film are fictional, and as an avid ned kelly fan (and supporter), was slightly disappointed by this. perhaps also the film could've gone longer, to cover more of the kelly gang's/ned's life - i felt not enough was covered.regardless of a few flaws, this is a moving film, which stirs all sorts of emotions. (and hey, i'd assume this film would be better to watch rather than mick jagger trying to portray ned...)

i have seen the trailer for this movie several times over, and i have to say that ned kelly looks like it is going to be a wonderful film. when i saw the trailer for the first time, i could not take my eyes away from it (it got my attention for sure). heath ledger sticks to what he knows and what works for him, period pieces. not to mention orlando bloom ,who is seen for a split second looks fantastic. i think that this movie will be a hit, and will be seen over and over again my many people.

those who know who know the kelly "legend" & are hoping that this film would be an accurate depiction of his life may be disappointed with the creative license taken with this film (eg. naomi watt's character never existed in reality), but if you look at it purely as a piece of entertainment, it holds up pretty well. ledgers performance in the title role is quite solid, taking the mantle of cinema's best ned (not hard considering the previous ned's include yahoo serious, mick jagger & former carlton champion (australian rules football) bob chitty, a great footballer but a poor actor. some location shooting film in the area i live, bacchus marsh outside melbourne as well as clunes & ballarat.

'had ned kelly been born later he probably would have won a victoria cross at gallipolli'. such was ned's bravery.in australia and especially country victoria the name ned kelly can be said and immediately recognised. in greta he is still a hero, the life blood of the town of jerilderie depends on the tourism he created, but in mansfield they still haven't forgotten that the three policeman that he 'murdered' were from there.many of the buildings he visited in his life are still standing. from the old melbourne gaol where he was hanged, to the post office he held up in jerilderie. a cell he was once held in in greta is on display in benella and the site of ann jones' hotel, the station and even the logs where he was captured in glenrowan can be visited.evidence of all the events in the movie (except for his love interest) can be found all over victoria, in police records and even in the sash that ned was awarded with for rescuing dick shelton from drowning. none of this is wrong, and whats left out would further justify neds actions. the horse that ned 'stole' was actually stolen by wild wright (the man who ned boxes with after getting out of jail). ned was already in prison when the horse was reported stolen so he couldn't have stolen it.the jerilderie letter is more than what has been stated before. it is not self justification it is ned's biography, an outline of what he stood for and who he was protecting. so go ahead and read it, watch the movie and then make up your mind about what ned stood for.

the performances were superb, the costumes delivered a unique feeling for the period and being a victorian living historian, i was impressed with the accuracy of weaponry and attention to detail.i wouldn't say you need any knowledge of the kelly saga to stay with the flow of this movie but to comprehend the happenings and attitudes of the time you will require a bit of basic historical knowledge. do not expect, as some rather silly people do, any of the characters to have the auzzie accent as we know it, it was, at that time, a country during infancy.ok, the story had some elements of fiction but these are required for a wider following of the film. gregor jordan said in the extra feature on the dvd that he wanted his movie to 'inspire an interest', and that is exactly what happened with me so this movie gets the thumbs up here.see it and you will not be sorry

the story of ned kelly has been enshrouded in myth and exaggeration for time out of hand, and this film is no exception. what ensures ned kelly has a permanent place in history is the effort he went to in order to even the odds against the policemen hunting him. during several battles, he marched out wearing plates of beaten iron, off which the bullets available to police at the time would harmlessly bounce. indeed, it is only because there were a few bright sparks among the victorian police who noticed he hadn't plated up his legs that he was captured and hanged. the story has been told in schools and histories of australia for so long that some permutations of the story have, ironically, become boring. the more the stories try to portray kelly as some inhuman or superhuman monster, the less people pay attention.which is where this adaptation of our sunshine, a novel about the kelly legend, excels. rather than attempting to portray a ned kelly who is as unfeeling as the armour he wore, the film quickly establishes him as a human being. indeed, the reversal of the popular legend, showing the corruption of the victorian police and the untenable situation of the colonists, goes a long way to make this film stand out from the crowd. here, ned kelly is simply a human being living in a time and place where in order to be convicted of murder, one simply had to be the nearest person to the corpse when a policeman found it. no, i am not making that up. about the only area where the film errs is by exaggerating the irish versus english mentality of the battles. while the kelly gang were distinctly irish, australia has long been a place where peoples of wildly varied ethnicities have mixed together almost seamlessly (a scene with some chinese migrants highlights this).heath ledger does an amazing job of impersonating australia's most notorious outlaw. it is only because of the fame he has found in other films that the audience is aware they are watching ledger and not kelly himself. orlando bloom has finally found a role in which he doesn't look completely lost without his bow, and geoffrey rush's appearance as the leader of the police contingent at glenrowan goes to show why he is one of the most revered actors in that desolate little island state. but it is naomi watts, appearing as julia cook, who gets a bit of a bum deal in this film. although the film basically implies that cook was essentially the woman in ned kelly's life, but you would not know that from the minimal screen time that she gets here. indeed, a lot of the film's hundred and ten minutes feels more freeze-dried than explorative. once the element of police corruption is established, in fact, the film rockets along so fast at times that it almost feels rushed.unfortunately, most of the film's strengths are not capitalised upon. rush barely gets more screen time than his name does in the opening and closing credits. ditto for watts, and the rest of the cast come off a little like mannequins. i can only conclude that another fifteen, or even thirty, minutes of footage might have fixed this. but that leads to the other problem, in that the lack of any depth or background to characters other than the titular hero leaves the events of the story with zero impact. one scene manages to do the speech-making thing well, but unfortunately, it all becomes a collage of moments with no linking after a while. if one were to believe the impression that this film creates, a matter of weeks, even days, passes between the time that ned kelly becomes a wanted man on the say-so of one corrupt policeman, and the infamous shootout at glenrowan. annoyingly, the trial and execution of ned kelly is not even depicted here, simply referred to in subtitles before the credits roll.that said, aside from some shaky camera-work at times, ned kelly manages to depict some exciting shootouts, and it has a good beginning. for that reason, i rated it a seven out of ten. other critics have not been so kind, so if you're not impressed by shootouts with unusual elements (and what could more more unusual than full body armour in a colonial shootout?), then you might be better off looking elsewhere. especially if you want a more factual account of ned kelly's life.

i'm sure that not many people outside of australia have ever heard of the legend of ned kelly. i once saw a documentary about the man, but that's the only time i once saw or heard anything about him. and i guess that this might be the biggest problem this movie will have to face. no-one knows anything about it and probably not many people will care about the subject.the movie tells the story of ned kelly's life. the irish immigrant has lived in north-west victoria all his life, but has never been very welcome by the authorities. the police always accuses him of everything they can think of and they keep harassing his family. when kelly is fed up with the way everything goes, he forms a gang with his brother and two other men. they start robbing banks and even hijack an entire town for 3 days. all this violence leads to a man hunt organized by the police and when they kill three policemen, they are outlawed. finally they take over a pub in glenrowan, where they have a party with all the visitors, waiting for a train full of police to derail at a part of the track that they tore up. but the train is able to stop in time because someone warns them and what will follow is a battle on life and death between the police and the four gunmen...it's very hard to tell whether all of what is shown in the movie is true or false. i guess nobody really knows, because there will always be two camps who will each tell their own truth: one camp says he was a hero, some kind of robin hood, the others will say he was an ordinary criminal, a murderer and a thief. i really couldn't tell you which of them is right, perhaps both are, but what i can tell you is that the facts in the movie as well as is the documentary were about the same.this movie was a nice addition to the documentary i once saw and i really enjoyed the performances of all the actors. heath ledger, orlando bloom, naomi watts, geoffrey rush are all actors who are pretty well known, but even the lesser known actors show in this production that they all know what good acting should look like. i really enjoyed this movie and i give it a 7.5/10

there are few films that leave me with the feeling that gregor jordan's 'ned kelly' film did. initially i had heard only half hearted recommendations, and decided to see it for myself. since then, i have acquired both the video and soundtrack, and have to say that after several viewings, i am still very impressed with the underlying character of this film. it is also wonderful to see something australian! i appreciate its down to earth quality, that if you ask me is a rarity, as well as the absence of tackiness that takes away from so many films. this film proves that you don't necessarily require fancy costumes and a glamorous set that absorbs how many millions of dollars to make a point. the cast was a bonus, including a variety of well known, and might i add, good looking people who did well to slip into the role of such unique characters. it is interesting to note, that much of the criticism regarding this film has been about who played what, and how they only said so many lines. however, if any criticism is due, it should constructively focus on the fact that a number of basic elements of the original events were excluded. in reality, these functioned to made it the hallmark that it is in australian history. for example, on a closer examination it can be discovered that there was much, much more to the relationship between joe byrne and aaron sheritt, and that this was in fact responsible for many more of the final outcomes for the gang than were explored in the film. also overlooked was the fact that it was not only aaron sheritt's efforts alone, that provided the victorian police with their insights into the unfolding mystery. yes, this is their interpretation of the story, and it is understandable that true stories require sensationalism and at times the modification of the original plot to grab the viewers attention. i feel that in this case, this is the only limitation. however, i can accept that perhaps historical accuracy is only of significance to those who have a particular interest in the realistic events behind a situation. it certainly inspired me to look more closely. so, watch it and decide for yourself. you might not like it at all, thats your opinion, and thats fine. maybe it is a film that appeals largely to an australian audience? for me, i'd call it a breath of fresh air!

due to reading bad reviews and being told by friends that they couldn't believe how bad it was, i didn't go and see this film at the cinema. after watching it on dvd, i have to say i regret that now. i'm not saying it is brilliant, but i would venture to say that it is a good movie. i enjoyed it.people have skulls thicker than ned's helmet if they go to see a movie like this and expect it to be a documentary. if you read up the actual history behind most movies based on historical figures, there is usually a huge difference between the fact and the fictional portrayal. i don't think ganghis kahn has ever once been portrayed even remotely close to historical fact. what kind of man ned kelly actually was is a matter of debate, and quite passionate it seems. in spite of the efforts of governments and some historians, ned kelly has become a legend. legends are stories, and stories say as much about those who tell and listen to them as they do about the actual figure himself. ned kelly has become such a popular identity because he does represent that aspect of australian culture that doesn't trust or accept authority. a society in which there is no dissent or challenge to authority is crazier and more dangerous than any bushranger.so not expecting this to be an accurate recreation of the historical kelly gang, i actually found it a surprisingly unencumbered and refreshing movie. it was sentimental and romantic, but thankfully not anywhere as cheesy as it could have been; for my fellow australians, watch 'the lighthorseman' and you will see what i mean (it is a pity the way that story was treated so poorly). perhaps the love affair business could have been forsaken for a bit more detail in other areas, such as the shooting of the troopers. ironically, i actually enjoyed the movie because of that, because it would be those details that most of the focus on ned's story would dwell. and they are the details of the story that are best discovered by reading the different viewpoints given by the various historians.this movie was always going to have a hard time, having make a compromise of appealing to a global movie market (to pay the pills) and the legend as it means to australians; perhaps a little of ned's spirit is in this movie, because i think it rebelled against people's expectations, and unfortunately missed both targets. fortunately it made for an enjoyable quirk of a film. for me it was an unexpected kind of movie about ned, and that is why i liked it. orlando bloom's performance did a lot for the movie too - he really added something. i think he would have enjoyed being the monster instead of the pretty elf, for a change.when you consider some other movies that are far worse than this one, your opinion of this movie should be reconsidered. send me this on dvd for christmas rather than croc dundee or the man from snowy river anytime.

last year we were treated to two movies about truman capote writing the book from which this film was made - capote and infamous.i cannot imagine a movie like this being made in 1967. a stark, powerful and chillingly brutal drama; elevated to the status of a film classic by the masterful direction of richard brooks (elmer gantry, cat on a hot tin roof, the professional, blackboard jungle).it is interesting that robert blake, who starred in this film, has had so many problems of late that may be related to his portrayal of a killer in this film.this is a film that stays with you after viewing.

i saw this film after watching capote and infamous. it is just incredible how the homosexual relationships between author and protagonists are sublimated in the movie. the reporter is straight, the protagonists are more beatniks than gay.the film starts slowly, but on reviewing it a second time, we get all sorts of interesting information from similes that the writer/director brooks creates.notice the incredible cutting at the beginning where killers and to-be-killed are linked. cutter on the phone is matched-cut to perry on the phone. cutter washing his face is matched-cut to perry washing his face. only perry's looking in the mirror and seeing his eroticized male body sets off a fantasy of his playing a guitar in las vegas to empty chairs. this failure/fantasy matches the failure-fantasy that perry tells us about his father who built a beautiful motel in alaska only to find it perpetually empty.dick talks about shooting pheasants and the fact that the pheasants don't know that that they're going to die. we cut to the clutters.perry talks his dream about a yellow bird, "taller than jesus" who attacks the nuns who have persecuted them. "the nuns begged for mercy," he tells us, "but the bird slaughtered them anyway." the bird lifted perry to paradise. strangely, perry says that he has an aversion to nuns, god and religion. this echoes later in his last words when he wants to apologize but does not know to whom.the director puts in all sorts of what-ifs and only-ifs.nancy cutter gets an offer to sleep at a friends house. she is holding a horse. perry will comment on a picture of her and the house later on. nancy can't sleep over at her friends' house because her boyfriend is coming over for dinner. the decision seals her fate.perry talks of bogart in "treasure of sierra madre". but it is another bogart picture, "beat the devil" which truman capote co-wrote, where a fictional treasure hunt is the mcguffin. but dick knows that the protagonists of that film ended up with nothing. dick wants the hard cash, the $10,000 he thinks is in the clutter's safe, (which ironically turns out to be as much as a fantasy as perry's mexican treasure.cut to herb clutter signing a $40,000 life insurance policy. he's thinking about mortality at the moment. ironically his mortality is about to end in a few hours. the insurance agent on behalf of the company wishes him a long life, again ironic when we know what will happen in a few hours.dick has said that they wanted no witnesses so nobody would remember them. later, in fact, it is because they eliminated all the witnesses that they were remembered."there was one witness," the detective keeps telling dick later. but was that witness the jail-house friend, dick, perry, truman capote, or god? the viewer becomes the witness after watching the movie.fascinating film.

in cold blood has to be ranked as first-rate movie-making, even if the subject matter is about as grim as it gets in the world of make-believe, but film noir fans should definitely find this one a gripping piece of work, based as it is on a true-life crime spree.it opens with quincy jones' music under the credits and starkly dramatic views of a highway bus heading toward kansas city, effectively setting the mood of the film even before the credits end. the b&w photography of conrad hall does a superb job right from the start.also clear from the start: robert blake and scott wilson are natural born actors. they do a great job of portraying free spirited buddies looking for the next thrill. "ever see a millionaire fry in the electric hair? hell no. there are two kinds of rules in this world. one for the rich and one for the poor," says wilson, taking a swig of alcohol behind the wheel.both are destined to cross the path of a farm family, showing no mercy and leaving no witnesses behind.blake, reminiscing about movies, and thinking of hunting for gold in mexico, says: "remember bogart in 'treasure of the sierra madre'?" (an ironic moment, because blake himself was in the film as a little boy selling lottery tickets). "i got you pegged for a natural born killer," wilson tells blake.john forsythe is one of the lead detectives on the case, discovering that all four family members were tied up, shot in the head and one had his throat cut. "don't people around here lock doors?" asks paul stewart. "they will tonight," is the terse reply.after the murders, the killers discover that there was "no big fat safe in the wall", like their prison informant told them. so, in the end, it was truly a stupid, senseless crime. the question is: why did they do it? and this is something the second half of the film explores in depth. it takes an hour and a half into the movie before the detectives catch up with the killers and begin the interrogation.it's these final scenes that carry the most conviction and the most interest as the boys are told they've made numerous mistakes and left a living witness. the actual events up to and including the murder are saved until the end. "it makes no sense," blake tells forsythe. "mr. cutter was a very nice gentleman. i thought so right up until the time i cut his throat." the screenplay by richard brooks is concise and to the point--and so is his direction.summing up: brilliant depiction of two aimless young men on a crime spree that made no sense then or now for a mere $43. chilling.

the real story (took place in kansas in 1959) of a murder (perry and dick, two ex-convicts who broke into a remote house on a rainy night to steal and kill everyone they met). richard brooks directed the chilling and disturbing capote's book about the reasons that drove these kids to the crime (are they natural born killers ?). the crime scenes are very brutal and haunting because of the lack of senses and reasons for what we witnessed. stunning black & white cinematography from conrand hall, excellent country - road music score from quincy jones, amazing performances in two principal roles from robert blake and scott wilson and first time in a movie a sad comment about capital punishment at the last moments before their deaths. jones, hall and brooks (as director and as writer for adapted screenplay) are academy award nominees. gripping, superbly directed and frightening, one of the best films of this decade

this recreation of the infamous 1959 murders in kansas, based on the capote book, is starkly filmed by brooks and cinematographer hall in black and white, giving it a documentary feel. there are good performances from blake and wilson as the killers and forsythe as a cop who pursues them. the scenes leading up to the murders, filmed at the actual house where the crime occurred, with a soundtrack of whistling winds, are quite intense and chilling. brooks directs with a lot of verve and uses several interesting transitions between scenes. the only complaint is that it is a bit overlong, with the denouement dragged out and somewhat preachy.

in cold blood is masterfully directed and adapted by richard brooks. however, it's also so bent on being realistic, it's sometimes more clinical than entertaining. recounting the brutal killing of a midwest family, author truman capote focused on minutia, wrapping himself and the reader up in the subject and subjects! brooks departs wildly from that approach in favor of something closer to docudrama. although he films on actual locations, he keeps his distance. the murderers are portrayed as depraved imbeciles, which surely they were. they're not seen as misunderstood souls (as in the capote book) and the savagery of their act is horrifyingly blunt. scott wilson and robert blake are excellent as the killers as is the supporting cast, including john forsythe and paul stewart as the reporter (the capote "character?") the landmark photography is by the great conrad hall.

many of the classic films of the late '60s haven't retained their ability to disturb and confront the audience. "in cold blood" hasn't lost an ounce of its power. its exceptionally well made yet forces the viewer to think. some have complained not only about the film, but about truman capote's source "non-fiction novel", that the central message is unsubtle. that may be true, but this is definitely a case where the lack of ambiguity doesn't detract from the film at all. its refreshing, especially considering today's simplistic and manipulative moral dramas, to see a film with a convinced political voice unafraid to force the audience to consider its viewpoint. to be honest, i'm not sure if i agree with the film's central message, but i admire its audacity nonetheless.even if you disagree with the anti-capital punishment message, there's plenty to admire about the film. the acting from the two leads is terrific. scott wilson (still one of the most underrated actors ever) is chilling as the nihilistic leader, one who uses his charisma to hide his weaknesses. robert blake is also chilling as the more submissive of the two and the one with a conscience. his character obviously has a voice of reason, but is terrified to go against wilson (theres a good amount of homoerotic subtext on his character's part). the cinematography is terrific, sleek yet gritty and really giving the impression the viewer is watching a documentary. add another classic score from quincey jones, and you have a masterpiece. (9/10)

"in cold blood", adapted by director richard brooks from truman capote's famous novel, deals with the brutal and senseless murder of a family of four by a pair of hapless criminals. the film excels as a character study of the killers, particularly trigger-man perry smith (robert blake).the cast includes few recognizable names but they nevertheless bring the story to life with ease. robert blake and scott wilson are excellent together as two criminals with disparate personalities. they play off of each other effortlessly while blake also gets plenty of opportunities to explore his character's idiosyncrasies. the rest of the cast is merely average and isn't worth remarking on.richard brooks received oscar nominations for both his script and his direction. in my opinion, both were excellent, though the script does miscalculate with some ill-advised narration in the late stages. the oscar-nominated cinematography by conrad hall is also top-notch, as is the editing. also worthy of note is the jazzy score by quincy jones which secured the last of the film's four oscar nominations.unlike so many other crime films, this one doesn't glamorize violence. brooks turns the killers into pitiable characters rather than flatly condemning them. whether or not you agree with that sentiment the film does present an interesting alternative to the usual hollywood approach. i recommend the film for this reason and also for the expertise with which the technical aspects are handled.

this movie is up there with the all-time classics. the music, camera shots, and acting are excellent. showing the movie in black and white gave it a much better appearance and complemented the music perfectly, like psycho. its surprising how so few people have commented on this movie. my guess is that its a hard movie to find. i gave the film a 9. see the movie and you'll know what i'm talking about.

one of the best true-crime movies ever made and very faithful to truman capote's book which invented the true-crime novel genre. haunting quincy jones musical score and terrific acting by scott wilson and robert blake as dick and perry, the killers. why wilson didn't go on to be a big star after this movie is a mystery to me.the black and white cinematography and editing in this movie are top notch. the re-creation of the murders is frightening and since it leaves the actual murders to your imagination, even more scary than if they had shown the shotgun going off. the movie was filmed in the actual clutter house which had been sold to another person after the murders. the movie has a very documentary feel---besides the scenes at the actual clutter home other scenes were filmed at the gas stations and stores the killers actually went to. nancy clutter's beloved horse, babe, is even in the movie. will geer has a great turn as the prosecutor in the short trial scene which is not only filmed in the actual courtroom but has several of the real clutter murder jurors portraying themselves as the jury for the movie. this is a solid movie, scary every time you see it.

simply one of the best ever! richard brooks' adaptation of truman capote's non-fiction novel is truly an artistic achievement. stunning black and white cinematography (that should have won an oscar), a haunting quincy jones score and tremendous performances by robert blake and scott wilson as the oddly-matched killers. this film was 0 for 4 at the academy awards and wasn't even nominated for best picture while dr. doolittle was. go figure! although you don't get to know the clutter family as well as you do in the book, it was a good decision to focus more on perry and dick and the pain-staking process of tracking these guys down. john forsythe is also impressive as alvin dewey. there are simply no flaws in this one. 10 out of 10. best performance = scott wilson with r. blake a close second. highly recommended!

i voted excellent for how well the acting was, not for the content. it still gives me chills after reading the book, then watching the movie. two ex-cons are traveling to their destination to rob a family of money from a safe one of the cons learned about while in prison. during the ride, the tension begins to mount, as the soundtrack in the movie adds to the overall anticipation. after the killers are done with their work at the farm, the following morning the family's remains are found by the daughter's church friend. the blood-curdling scream, as the scene pans onto the telephone with the cut cord, really made my blood run cold and gave me chills. that the killers met their just fates is a small comfort for this doomed family. robert blake was excellent in his portrayal of perry smith. the book was also excellently written by truman capote.

i saw this in the theater during it's initial release and it was disturbing then as i'm sure it would still be. it was the first part of '68 and this was still making the rounds in towns across america and there had recently been a mass-murder in my hometown where i saw this where a man went on a shooting rampage. the freshness of that close-to-home event combined with this dramatized true story made for a very disturbing theatrical experience. it really brought to life the excellent acting of robert blake and scott wilson. i was familiar with the novel based on the true event by truman capote and the screenplay and direction by richard brooks wove the event and truman's interpretation into compelling gritty cinematic adaptation. music from quincy jones effectively scores it's story. i've only seen this a couple times since. it was too real. almost like being a witness to the crime itself and riding along with the killers. i would give this a 9.0 of a possible 10. society is so desensitized to violence and crime today that this probably seems slow and tame and could be viewed with less effect but to anyone over 50 this will be a hallmark into the examination of the criminal psyche.

sorry, i don't have much time to write. i am not a psychologist but have known one for 25 years. she said that scott wilson portrayed a sociopath (no conscience) extraordinarily well. i agree! she also said that robert blake portrayed a person with anger and impulse control who had a conscience but couldn't control himself superbly. i agree! what a chilling and tremendous film. i have seen over 2000 films and would rank this in the top 100. my lifelong friend deals with clients such as these regularly. my only criticism was the preachy narration at the end of the film. many people grow up in less than ideal circumstances but only one in a million will behave as these 2 losers did.

herbet clutter, wife bonnie, and their teenage children kenyon and nancy were much liked and respected in their tiny town of holcomb, kansas--but in the early hours of 14 november 1959 all four were brutally murdered. rather unexpectedly, the crime made an impression on author truman capote, who rushed to the scene and followed the course of the case to its conclusion. the result was the book in cold blood. controversial, shocking, and exceptionally well-written, it became an international best seller and it remains a touchstone for crime writers to this day.the 1967 film version of capote's work is almost as remarkable as the book itself. filmed in black and white in many of the real-life locations, it has a slightly documentary quality, icy and detached--and the overall cast is exceptional. this is the film on which robert blake's reputation as an actor rests, and deservedly so. as killer perry smith, blake traps you between a profound distaste and the shock of unexpected sympathy; it is a masterful performance from start to finish. as richard hickock, scott wilson is no less fine.like capote's book, the film opens with smith and hickock as they travel to kansas and brings them to the clutter home--only to suddenly flash past the crime to detail the investigation that finally resulted in their arrest and conviction. the centerpiece of the film has always been the moment at which we at last see what occurred in the clutter home; actually filmed in the clutter house itself, it is a spinechilling sequence, horrific and deeply disturbing.director and writer richard brooks guides the film with a very powerful sense of deliberation, erring only in the sense that he allows the film to become slightly preachy. given the overall power of the film, however, this becomes a trivial annoyance. strong stuff--and recommended.gft, amazon reviewer

the premise to this movie was one which focused on the polarization of of ideologies in the united states.. this was a highly combustible scenario in america whereby two entirely different cultures collided. what justified such heinously depraved actions anyway?.. as this film presents the scene,(while hickock and smith drank) these two men were not intoxicated, nor were they under any kind of influence of drugs!! it was a clear cut case of cold and calculated deliberation.. basically, these violent acts were the end result of emotional and social neglect... anytime past 1975, we as a nation have nurtured an empathy for deviates who have been victimized by their environment... however, this incident takes place in 1959!! this dreadful revelation sideswiped us, and mired the nation into a tailspin of conflicting ethics!! with the recent release of the movie "capote" based on truman capote, who was the creator of the documentary "in cold blood", the american people have cultivated a new found fascination with this film!! robert blake played the role of perry smith, one of the villains in this movie... this is seemingly appropriate given the notoriety he has been involved with concerning his personal life!! "in cold blood" centers on the element of the unexplained... there was no vengeance involved, there was no material gain to be acquired, there was no potential for social advancement here either, this is merely an instance of a latent and insidiously belligerent anger which ends certainly did not justify the means!! the situational diatribes which hickock and smith lamented about were always ambiguous!! under the circumstances, why then should they take their frustrations out on an anonymously unsuspecting and innocent kansas family?.. will geer (grandpa walton) plays the prosecuting attorney who is sickened by this act of macabre capriciousness!! his argument is thoroughly convincing... his contention being: "these two men who demonstrated no mercy are now asking for yours" this is a line of logic which would induce me to render a verdict of a conviction if i were to be one of the members of the jury!! absolute disdain for your precarious plight in life does not serve as vindication for orchestrating a capital crime!! it was capote's instincts that dictated that such a deranged act of violence should have been brought to the american public's attention!! as it turn out, it was a harbinger of things to come.. "in cold blood" did just that!! this incident was the calm before the storm relating to a pertinent aspect of emergence to the radical 1960's!! such a lethal charade also served as an insight to the isolated interests which would besiege many typical americans for the future!!!truman capote does a tremendous job on authenticating this savage occurrence with his book, (which was a best seller) and, with this documentary as well... the acting in this film by robert blake and scott wilson, as well as people like john forsythe, was incredible!! the director, richard brooks, ("cat on a hot tin roof", "blackboard jungle" "elmer gantry" and "key largo" to name but a few!!) was outstanding in his collaborative efforts in this movie!! i think that "in cold blood" is one of the best films in the history of movies!! the film depicts two reprehensible spawns of depravity who delved into demented theatrics, and wound up captivating a trite gratification for being acknowledged at a pejorative nationwide level!!.... this movie pinpoints a psychological discontentment which spurs on an emerging bevy of counter culture purveyors of violence!! our nation's ideologies are incredibly different now, than they were in 1959!! this movie introduces the american people to the emotional and vacillating culprits who initiated such a precarious metamorphosis in our overall value system!! i recommend to everyone that they see this movie..."in cold blood" was the focal point to the film "capote"! think about it, making a movie about a movie constitutes a rare and coveted accolade in hollywood!! in the case of "in cold blood" it is an extreme example of a movie which is vicariously clairvoyant, intellectually elevating, and, of course, it goes without saying, "in cold blood" was utterly spellbinding, as well as a totally remarkable movie!!

easily one of the ten best movies of the 20th century. in cold blood is brilliant in the simplicity and realism of its storytelling, and absolutely riveting.robert blake walks away with the film. the story seems to be presented almost entirely from perry's viewpoint, despite dick being the leader and planner of the pair. the viewer will invariable perceive dick as being more unstable, immature, and generally feel like perry would not have been pulled into this nightmare but for dick and his need to be somebody and pull off a big score.based on a true story with particular attention to accuracy, in cold blood depicts the story behind the brutal and senseless murder of a rural kansas family one cold, windy night, because dick has bought into an age-old rural myth about prosperous farmers having a safe full of cash in their home. as "prosecutor" (a character that isn't given a name in the script), played by will geer, so astutely points out, their lives are bought for only $10 a head. director richard brooks wisely chooses not to share with us the gruesome details of the murders until the end of the film, prior to this we only know it has happened and watch the lives of dick and perry slowly unravel as they attempt to escape not only being apprehended by law enforcement, but also perry's own ever-escalating sense of impending doom. he repeatedly makes remarks, "no one ever gets away with a thing like that," and "i can't help thinking we left something behind that belongs to us." dick is neither mature nor moral enough to feel any compelling sense of guilt over their crime, only irritation at perry's. indeed, after they are caught, it is dick who breaks first, and suddenly faints when finally confronted with irrefutable proof that places the two men at the scene of the crime. i felt somewhat sorry for perry from the very beginning of the film, and more-so as events progressed, but i only loathed dick.the genius of the film is the engaging manner in which the story is played. we do not for a moment think we are watching actors portray characters, but that we are watching the actual participants and events as they occurred. the story is unrelenting, taunt, the run time slightly in excess of two hours feels more like just a few minutes.for those of you who are interested in such things, i noticed a couple of the "goofs" listed here on the imdb page for in cold blood are incorrect or exaggerated. such as the "reversed" process shot, at the beginning of the film, as dick and perry are driving across the bridge into kansas. to begin with, this isn't even a process shot, the camera is actually positioned in the backseat and the image you see beyond the windshield of the car is real. a large cargo truck located to the left front of dick's pontiac creates the optical illusion that they are going backward because it is traveling at a greater rate of speed, but closer examination will reveal that they are indeed going forward and it is an actual shot filmed from a moving vehicle. as i previously stated, this is one of the ten best works of 20th century cinema, not recommended for the very young due to some course language and implied and inferred violence (no actual in your face gore as a modern film would resort to), but a thoroughly excellent film.

the actual crime story at the core of in cold blood might seem a little 'tame' for those who are weened on the classic serial killer stories (gein, bundy, dahmer), or just the more notorious cases out in hollywood (oj, manson). the essential facts in the case don't amount to anything terribly convoluted: perry smith and dick hickock (here played by robert blake and scott wilson respectively) met by some luck, conspired to rob a man's farmhouse safe out in kansas, and after killing a family of four with a shotgun and dagger came away with 43 dollars. aside from their returning to the us after fleeing briefly to mexico, there isn't a whole lot of mystery to the resolution either. they were caught by some stroke of ironic chance (a cop followed them and stopped them for having a stolen car after smith and hickcock helped out a boy and his old man collecting bottles for change), and sentenced to hang by the neck until dead. the story ended in 1965.but it's the handling of the story, moments of moot, the performances, a pure cinematic touch that brooks and his absolutely marvelous (the late/great) dp conrad hall provides in crisp widescreen black and white, and a storytelling style that feels realistic without going into too much naturalism or too much melodrama (save perhaps for near the end, which is pitch perfect). the air of tragedy hangs over the story, and not so much because of the killings themselves, no matter how brutal they are as the "third" man that is conjured up, as the narrator observes, by smith and hickcock teaming up, but because of the inevitability of the story. you feel somehow for these criminals, who in any other hands would be just be conventional figures or something out of a b-movie. these aren't good people, but they aren't necessarily monsters either, at least all the way through.it's also an excellent 'road-movie' as we see smith and hickcock on the road down to the clutter residence (the actual night-time scene of the crime taking place late in the film), then on to mexico, then back to america towards las vegas. we get to soak in the personalities of these two, probably even more than that of the police detectives who at first have no leads and then finally get a break with an inmate. it's actually kind of disturbing to get this close to these two (sort of akin to the aimless quality of malick's badlands characters), and it's also a sign of daring for the period. there's no sermonizing, like "he did this because of that and this or the other." we see how smith had an abusive, psychotic father, but that smith loved and hated him. the complexity there is too much for the movie, maybe even too much for capote's book (which, i should confess, i've still yet to read, though i plan to). and we see hickcock is this creature of slick confidence (i.e. getting the suit and other things with bad checks), but without any deep-rooted explanation to it all.the streak of fatalism in in cold blood is some of the starkest of the 60s, and it's the luck of brooks to have its stars as blake in his top-of-the-pops performance (this and lost highway, oddly enough considering his real life saga in recent years, his quintessential pieces of work), and wilson's breakthrough before becoming a character actor. while they're surrounded by fine supporting work, they themselves are eerily absorbing, driven more or less by greed and fantasies of escapism with treasure, and staying pretty much grounded in their situation through the death row and on through their ends. is this a morale of the story, if there could be one, that it's more horrifying to confront the possibility that those who kill can't be classified, of good vs evil getting smudged? smith apologized for his crime before being hung, and he points out, "but to who?" this is a story bound to give the most hardened fans of true-crime the bonafide chills, and it's quite possibly the best american film of 1967.

a unique film...one of the best of all time. acting, script, quincy jones' score, cinematography, editing, etc. -- just fantastic. as most viewers know, this movie is based on truman capote's book about the famous murder of a kansas farm family (the clutters) by a couple of young guys during a misguided robbery. i've never seen a movie that so brilliantly turned a true story into a riveting film. the actors are solid across the board, but the focus is on the killers, dick and perry, and the law enforcement team pursuing them. scott wilson, as dick hickock is amazing. cocky, twitchy, and devoid of compassion he comes across so charming, oily and plausible. robert blake as perry smith is extraordinary as well -- lonely, and at once empathetic and cold-blooded. who could fold these characteristics into one individual and make us buy it? he does, and it's brilliant! a key point of the book is how it took the intersection of these two very differently sociopathic individuals to create the critical mass to commit such a stupid and heinous crime, and these two actors make it work beautifully. both had moments in their subsequent careers, but these performances are high water marks, and that stands for acting period. the cops are wonderful too. leading the investigation is john forsythe, but the other three detectives are great as well. unlike contemporary movies where producers feel it necessary to endow police with superhuman assets or foibles, these are just genuine flatfeet, working the case with determination and competence. they seem so real. i've never seen cops on the screen so powerful in their authenticity; and i've seen most of the crime classics going way back. really one of a kind in this respect. partial spoiler coming (this movie's unique in that you already know what's happened, but i'm warning for the record). of course, the best scenes from the best crime shows and movies are the interrogations -- the intellectual fencing matches between the cops and the crooks, mano a mano. this movie has hands down the best interrogation scenes you'll ever see on film. watch dick and perry try to bluff their way through and slowly unravel, unaware the cops have the goods on them. but the cops need to deftly prep their suspects to fracture their alibis and hopefully elicit confessions. this is some of the best acting you'll ever see. think glengarry glen ross without the showboating. to help translate the sad and horrific angles of this true story, icb was filmed at the actual clutter house, and i've heard the clutters were played by film students to give them a genuine feel. it works. these seem like decent, simple folk. it makes the crime so palpable and sad. i'll stop here. it's not a feel-good movie, but it is one of the best movies ever made, and so unique, it's mandatory viewing for every film buff.

the movie was gripping from start to finish and its b/w photography of the american heartland is stunning. we feel we are right there with them as they cross the big sky country and then into mexico and back to america again. near the end of the movie, the reflection of the rain on robert blake looks like small rivers of sweat and tears rolling down his face. in the end, we follow them up the stairway to their final moment. the two criminals, performed by robert blake and scott wilson, as perry smith and dick hickock could be seen on any street in any town. hickock is a smiling boy next door and smith, the guy with stars in his eyes from the wrong side of town. this point is made in the movie and it always surprises us that criminals are no different in appearance than anyone else. evil, even the most vile, is part of the human condition. these two delusional men kill an entire family, looking for a safe that isn't there. once on the run, they start writing bad cheques, carving out a trail for the authorities.there are many fine supporting actors. i like john forsyth as the detective on the case, alvin dewey. also, will geer shines in a brief but excellent scene as the prosecuting attorney.i have often wanted to see this movie all the way through, having only caught it in short snatches; i did finally get to it after buying the dvd. the result is the finest classic crime movie i have ever seen.don't miss this brilliant movie. to me, this is what great film-making is all about.

i haven't seen this in over 20yrs but i still remember things about it.this film could not have been made in color. the stark grays are what make it, and was life really that simple in the 1950's?? what stands out the most in my memory is perry smith going to the gallows. his breathing under the hood just before they sprung the trap. i don't think i could watch that again.....once is plenty. it's like that unnamed guy at the beginning of "papillon" who is dragged out in terror to the guillotine. the guy that said watch this on a double bill with "dead man walking" should have added the last 10 minutes of "i want to live" as well.some of my ancestors being "aristos" went to the guillotine in 1794-95 so my feelings on the death penalty are rather intense.

criminals perry smith and richard "dick" hickock believe mr. clutter of holcomb, kansas keeps a large supply of cash on-hand in a safe.on november 15, 1959 at two a.m. they end up murdering mr. and mrs. clutter and their teenage son and daughter.after a little police investigation the two men are found and sentenced to be hanged.in cold blood (1967) is directed by richard brooks.now, i haven't read the truman capote novel this movie is based on, so i can't make any comparisons.the movie does a brilliant job telling of those horrific events that actually took place.robert blake is excellent as perry.of course, blake had the murder case of his own a few years back, being accused of murdering his wife.he's free now, but we still don't know the truth.what ever that may be, he's still a very fine actor.scott wilson does remarkable job as hickock.john forsythe is terrific as alvin dewey.paul stewart is very good as jensen.jeff corey is marvelous as mr. hickock.same thing with charles mcgraw who plays tex smith.john mcliam portrays herbert clutter, ruth storey is his wife bonnie, brenda currin is the daughter nancy and paul hough is the son kenyon.great job by each of them.there is much to remember from this film.let's start from the lighter side.it's pretty great when perry wants to go hunting for gold in mexico and says to hickock: remember bogart in treasure of the sierra madre?" and blake himself was in that movie as a boy! and it's a fun moment when they, giving a ride to that boy and his granddad, collect bottles and turn them in for refund money.those darker moments are the most haunting ones.the flashback sequence, where you see the murders happening, is extremely terrifying.when perry goes to kill the girl, nancy last, and she says "oh, please, don't"...the brutality of man, it's impossible to explain.then the hanging scene.first there goes hickock and then perry, first talking to the minister.in the last image of the movie we see perry hitting the end of the rope.sure movies,and books may try to sympathize these villains.especially perry's character is someone you could feel sorry for.he thinks of his mom, and dad who he hates, but still loves.but it doesn't change the fact both of these men these actors portray are brutal murderers, who don't feel sorry for anybody.they go to this house and murder an entire family, in cold blood.how could you sympathize these people?

tremendous black--and-white nighttime cinematography, and plenty of it, highlights this supposedly-true life account of a 1950s murder in kansas in which an entire family was wiped out by two men.the story was written by truman capote, so you get the very liberal anti-death penalty message at the end of the film, which is ludicrous knowing the facts of this case. robert blake and scott wilson play the two atheist losers who have twisted outlooks on life and who unnecessarily murder this nice family. despite the annoying slant at the end, this is a riveting story from the start and the cinematography makes this even more fascinating. famed photographer conrad hall did a fantastic job on this. it makes me wish more modern-day films were made in black-and-white. see it on dvd.blake, wilson, john forsythe, jeff corey and the entire supporting cast are excellent in here. my third viewing of this film came in early april of 2005, shortly after blake, in real life, was pronounced innocent in the murder trial of his wife. one can't help but look at blake and this film differently after that.

as i have matured, my fascination with the academy awards has evolved from intense interest to casual amusement. as in a few other comments that i have written, the bizarre results of academy award voting are often difficult to explain. the omission of "in cold blood" in 1967 as one of the five best picture nominees is one of those inexplicable instances, especially when one of the nominations that year went to the wretched and unwatchable "dr. dolittle." while only an insomniac or masochist would tune in to that rex harrison disaster, richard brook's powerful adaptation of truman capotes non-fiction novel retains its ability to capture the viewer's attention and leave him or her completely drained by the final fade out. while there is nothing particularly graphic or gruesome on screen, the film is definitely adult material. based on a nebraska multiple murder in the 1950's and filmed in the actual locations where the murders took place, "in cold blood" was filmed by master cinematographer conrad hall in stark black and white, and his screen compositions demand to be seen in their correct widescreen aspect ratio. together with quincy jones's unsettling score, hall's work should have been credited above the title with brook's screenplay as the three pillars on which this intense classic is built. the performances are fine as well. scott wilson is all cold charm and robert blake intense introversion as the two killers. (there is an inside joke at one point when blake speaks of bogart and "the treasure of the sierra madre" while the duo are driving to mexico. as a child star, blake sold the lottery ticket to bogart in that john huston film.) the film, like the book, is definitely slanted towards the killers and has an anti-capital punishment tilt, although the remorselessness of the murderers somewhat negates that sentiment despite the difficult-to-watch final scenes. some have criticized the film because it does focus on the criminals, their backgrounds, and lives, while the clutter family, which was literally murdered in cold blood in the middle of the night, come across as one-dimensional characters of little import. this lack of balance comes from the book as capote spent much time with the two killers while they were on death row. the clutter family was apparently not researched to the same depth. however, whatever feelings one may have for or against capital punishment, "in cold blood" will leave you mired deep in conflicting thoughts. run a double bill with "dead man walking," and you may not speak for days.

richard brooks excellent 1967 film of truman capote's novel in cold blood is a perfect companion piece to philip seymour hoffman's oscar winning performance in the 2005 capote. they really play well together (try them on separate nights). it is unusual to find films made 38 years apart that mesh so well. these two truly enhance each other. even though different actors play the roles of killers perry smith and dick hickock, the two pieces blend well. only the part of the writer (played by paul stewart) in the brooks films is weaker, as they give him a different name then capote. i'd suggest watching capote first, followed by in cold blood. it makes for a powerful experience!

in the year 2006, "in cold blood"-a riveting thriller from 1967-has two new interesting contexts that it did not previous have. first, and most chillingly, is the fact that it's star, robert blake, was recently on trial for murdering his wife. second, the recent oscar winning biopic, "capote" showed the muddled back story of this haunting true crime tale's author, truman capote. these two new twists make the film timely for a modern audience.as a stand alone film from it's era, "in cold blood" is top notch in every way. most notable is the stunning black and white cinematography from conrad hall (later of "american beauty" and "road to perdition" fame). many of the stills from this film of the kansas farm house at night or the tree-lined back country roads could be sold as fine art photography. combined with the cracker-jack direction from brooks and superb editing in the early scenes (where we see the mundane daily life of the innocent family about to be senselessly slaughtered beautifully intertwined with the plotting of the two hapless killers), a rich brooding atmosphere is created that sets the stage for riveting suspense (even when everyone knows how this is all going to end due to the fact its all based on real life events). it's also great to see in this day and age how brilliantly staged a harrowing murder scene can be depicted where the graphic nature of the act is transmitted to the viewer subliminally with nary a drop of blood shown on screen.the film is also anchored nicely by robert blake's eerie performance as the more sympathetic yet senselessly brutal side of the killing duo. the flashback scenes to his horrible childhood are extremely well done. then there is the scene towards the end of the film where he is speaking to the reverend before being sent to the gallows and he makes his last "confession" so to speak. it's one of those classic movie moments that is a perfect marriage of gritty acting, superb writing, flawless direction, and haunting photography. i dare you to erase from your mind the stark image of the rain's reflection from the window flowing down robert blake's pallid face in lieu of actual tears.the only thing hampering "in cold blood" is the slow moving middle act where the killers are on the lam and the forced nature of the social commentary at the end. the tacked-on political message about the death penalty is secondary to its compelling depiction of the mad killers and their prey.

remarkable, disturbing film about the true-life, senseless, brutal murder of a small-town family, along with the aftermath, and examination of the lives of the killers, dick hickok and perry smith.no matter how much time goes by, or how dated this film may look, it still resonates the utter incomprehensibility of criminal acts such as this.this really traces multiple tragedies: the tragedy, brutality and senselessness of the murder of the clutter family, a decent farm family in small-town holcomb, kansas; and the wasted, brutal and sad lives of hickok and smith.an interesting point is made in the film: that neither of these two immature, scared, petty criminals would have ever contemplated going through with something like this alone. but, together, they created a dangerous, murderous collective personality; one that fed the needs and pathology of each of them. they push each other along a road of "proving" something to each other. that they were man enough to do it, to carry it out; neither wants to be seen as too cowardly to complete their big "score"; an unfortunate and dangerous residue of the desolate lives they led. these were two grown-up children, who live in a criminal's world of not backing down from dares; who constantly need to prove manhood and toughness. in this instance, these needs carried right through to the murder of the clutters.the film contains a somewhat sentimentalized look at the clutter family, but the point is made. these were respected, law-abiding, small-town people, who didn't deserve this terrifying fate. the movie also gives us a sense of the young lives of hickok and smith. perry smith, whose early life was filled with security and love, but watched in horror as alcohol took his family down a tragic path. hickok, poor and left pretty much to his own devices, not able to see how he fit in, using his intelligence and charm to con everyone he came into contact with.an interesting, and maybe the first, look at capital punishment, and what ends we hope to achieve. is this nothing more than revenge killing for a murder that rocked a nation at a time when we had not yet had to fully face that there might be such predators among us, or does putting these guys at the end of a rope truly provide a deterent to the childish and brutal posturing of men like these? is it possible to deter men who live lives of deceit, operating under the radar, believing they fool everyone they come into contact with? to be deterred, you must believe it's possible you will be caught. is it possible to deter these men who believe they are too clever to be caught?; who have committed hundreds of petty crimes, and got away with them? this was supposed to be a "cinch", "no witnesses".when caught, hickok finds he can't charm and con the agents the way he had department store clerks. smith, who believes he deserves such a fate anyway, who seemed to be the only one who truly grasped the gravity of what they had done, willingly tells the story when he learns that hickok has cowardly caved in. hickok blinked first. a silly game of chicken between two immature, emotionally damaged, dangerous men.fascinating psychological thriller, telling a story of a horrendous crime in this nation's history. stunning portrayals by robert blake and scott wilson. these roles made their careers.

i've seen a great many films, but 'in cold blood' stands alone in a class by itself. it excels in every department. the fact that it contained few big stars helps push it over the top as you pay closer attention to the characters and their story, rather than the name on the marquee. blake and wilson turn in stellar performances of the killer duo. the fact that much of the films is filmed in the actual locations where the crime took place, even inside the very house, add additional chills. the black/white photography darkens the mood and the photography is magnificent. there are many outstanding cinematic works out there, but if i could only vote for one to top the list, it would most probably be "in cold blood".

imagine turning out the lights in your remote farmhouse on a cold night, and then going to bed. there's no need to lock the doors. the only sound is the wind whistling through the trees. sometime after midnight a car with lights off inches up the driveway. moments later an intruder beams a flashlight into your darkened living room.what makes this image so scary is the setting: a remote farmhouse ... at night. based on truman capote's best-selling book, and with b&w lighting comparable to the best 1940's noir films, "in cold blood" presents a terrifying story, especially in that first act, as the plot takes place largely at night and on rain drenched country roads. it's the stuff of nightmares. but this is no dream. the events really happened, in 1959.two con men with heads full of delusions kill an entire kansas family, looking for a stash of cash that doesn't exist. director richard brooks used the actual locations where the real-life events occurred, even the farmhouse ... and its interior! it makes for a memorable, and haunting, film.both of the lead actors closely resemble the two real-life killers. robert blake is more than convincing as perry smith, short and stocky with a bum leg, who dreams of finding cortez' buried treasure. scott wilson is almost as good as dick hickock, the smooth-talking con artist with an all-american smile.after their killing spree, the duo head to mexico. things go awry there, so they come back to the u.s., stealing cars, hitchhiking, and generally being miserable as they roam from place to place. but it's a fool's life, and the two outlaws soon regret their actions. the film's final twenty minutes are mesmerizing, as the rain falls, the rope tightens, and all we hear is the pounding of a beating heart.even with its somewhat mundane middle act, "in cold blood" stages in riveting detail a real-life story that still hypnotizes, nearly half a century later. it's that setting that does it. do you suppose people in rural kansas still leave their doors unlocked ... at night?

although it was released way back in 1967, in cold blood still remains the benchmark by which all true-crime films are matched. veteran writer/director richard brooks (elmer gantry) adapted truman capote's non-fiction book into a chilling docudrama that retains a disturbing power even today, thirty-five years later.robert blake and scott wilson portray perry smith and dick hickock, two ex-cons who, on a tip from hicock's old cellmate floyd wells, broke into the holcomb, kansas home of herbert clutter, looking for a wall safe supposedly containing $10,000. but no safe was ever found, and the two men instead wound up killing mr. clutter, his wife, and their two children, getting away with only a radio, a pair of binoculars, and a lousy forty dollars. two months on the run, including an aimless "vacation" in northern mexico, ended in las vegas when cops caught them in a stolen car. but it eventually comes out, after merciless grilling by kansas law enforcement officials, that these two men committed that heinous crime in holcomb. tried and convicted on four counts of murder, they stew in jail over a five-year period of appeals and denials until both are hanged to death on april 14, 1965.blake and smith are absolutely chilling as the two dispassionate killers who show no remorse for what they've done but are concerned about getting caught. john forsythe also does a good turn as alvin dewey, the chief detective investigating the crime, as does gerald s. o'laughlin as his assistant. in a tactic that is both faithful to capote's book and a good artistic gambit all around, brooks does not show the murders at the beginning; instead, he shows the two killers pulling up to the clutter house as the last light goes out, then cuts to the next morning and the horrifying discovery of the bodies. only during the ride back to kansas, when blake is questioned by forsythe and narrates the story, do we see the true horror of what happened that night. we don't see that much blood being spilled in these scenes, but we don't need to. the shotgun blasts and the horrified look on the clutters' faces as they know they are about to die are more than disturbing enough, so there is no need to resort to explicitly bloody slasher-film violence.brooks wisely filmed in cold blood in stark black-and-white, and the results are excellent thanks to conrad hall's expertise. the chilling jazz score by quincy jones is the capper. the end result is one of the most unsettling films of any kind ever made, devastating in its own low-key fashion. it is a 134-minute study of a crime that shook an entire state and indeed an entire nation, and should be seen, though viewer discretion is advised; the 'r' rating is there for a reason.

macarthur is a great movie with a great story about a great man…general douglas macarthur. this is of course, the story of one of america's great military figures, and a figure made familiar to me from the earliest moments of my memory. though there is a continuity issue (there may be others) e.g. macarthur's speech portrayed in the film as his 1962 address to the u.s. military academy on accepting the thayer award did not contain the phrase "old soldiers never die; they just fade away." (that was in his speech to congress upon his dismissal by president truman) in 1951 for his alleged insubordination (these two did not see eye to eye!) gregory peck is im-peck-able as the general who vowed he would return to the philippines in world war ii. the film moves quickly and easily with the general, his family and his staff from the beginning of the second world war to the end of his service career. this film would be of much greater significance to one familiar with both ww ii and the korean war. nevertheless, peck's portrayal of this great man who fought the twin evils of fascism and communism and who hated war as only a soldier can is a memorable one indeed. "in war there is no substitute for victory."

name just says it all. i watched this movie with my dad when it came out and having served in korea he had great admiration for the man. the disappointing thing about this film is that it only concentrate on a short period of the man's life - interestingly enough the man's entire life would have made such an epic bio-pic that it is staggering to imagine the cost for production.some posters elude to the flawed characteristics about the man, which are cheap shots. the theme of the movie "duty, honor, country" are not just mere words blathered from the lips of a high-brassed officer - it is the deep declaration of one man's total devotion to his country.ironically peck being the liberal that he was garnered a better understanding of the man. he does a great job showing the fearless general tempered with the humane side of the man.

the movie "macarthur" begins and ends at gen. douglas macarthur's, gregory peck, alma mata the us military academy of west point on the hudson. we see a frail 82 year old gen.macarthur give the commencement speech to the graduating class of 1962 about what an honor it is to serve their country. the film then goes into an almost two hour long flashback on gen. macarthur's brilliant as well as controversial career that starts in the darkest hours of wwii on the besieged island of corregidor in the philippines in the early spring of 1942.told to leave he island for australia before the japanese military invade it gen. macarthur for the very first time in his military career almost disobeys a direct order from his superior us president franklin d. roosevelt, dan o'herlihy. feeling that he'll be deserting his men at their greatest hour of need macarthur reluctantly, together with his wife and young son, did what he was told only to have it haunt him for the reminder of the war. it was that reason, his escape under fire from death or captivity by the japanese, that drove gen. macarthur to use all his influence to get fdr two years later to launch a major invasion of the philippians, instead of the island of formosa, to back up his promise to both the philippine people as well as the thousands of us pows left behind. that he'll return and return with the might of the us army & navy to back up his pledge!in the two years up until the invasion of the philippine islands gen. macarther battered the japanese forces in the south pafific in a number of brilliantly conceived island hop battles that isolated and starved hundreds of thousands of japanese troops into surrender. the general did that suffering far less us military losses then any other allied commander in the war in the pacific! it was in 1950/51 in the korean war that gen. macarthur achieved his most brilliant victory as well as his worst military defeat. after outflanking the advancing north korean army in the brilliant and perfectly executed, with the invading us marines suffering less then 100 casualties, back door or left hook invasion of inchon gen. macarther feeling invincible sent the us/un forces under his command to the very border, along the yalu river, of communist red china. told by his subordinates that he's facing the threat of a massive ground attack by communist chinese troops gen. macarthur pressed on anyway until that attack did materialized cutting the us & un forces to ribbons. the unstoppable wave after wave of attacking red chinese troops forced the us/un forces to retreat in the "big bug out" of 1950 with their very lives, leaving all their equipment behind, across the north korean border even abandoning the south korean capital city of seoul! this turned out to be one of the biggest military disaster in us history with the us forces losing a record, in the korean war, 1,000 lives on the very first day-nov. 29/30 1950-of the communist chinese invasion!shocked and humiliated in what he allowed, due mostly to his own arrogance, to happened macarthur went on the offensive not against the advancing communist chinese and noth koreans forces but his own commander and chief pres. harry s. truman, ed flanders, in him not having the spin or guts to do what has to be done: launch a full scale invasion of communist china with nuclear weapons if necessary to prevent its troops from overrunning the korean peninsula! for pres. truman who had taken just about enough garbage from gen. macarthur in him running off his mouth in public in how he was mishandling the war in not going all out, like macarthur wanted him to, against the red chinese this was the last straw! on april 11, 1951 pres. truman unceremoniously relived gen. macarthur from his command as supreme commander of the us/un forces in korea! pres. truman's brave but very unpopular decision also, by not going along with macarthur's total war strategy, prevented a third world war from breaking out with the soviet union-communist china's ally- who at the time-like the us-had the atomic bomb! pres. truman''s controversial decision to dump the very popular gen. macarthur also cost him his re-election in 1952 with his polls numbers so low-in the mid 20's- that he withdrew-in march of that year- from the us presidential campaign!in was gen. macarthur's misfortune to be around when the political and military climates in the world were changing in how to conduct future wars. with the horrors of a nuclear war now, in 1950/51, a reality it would have been national suicide to go all out, like gen. macarthur wanted to, against the red chinese with it very possibly touching off a nuclear holocaust that would engulf not only the us ussr & red china but the entire world! it was that important reality of future war that gen. macarthur was never taught, since the a and h bomb weren't yet invented, in west point.back to 1962 we can now see that gen. macarthur, after finishing his commencement speech at west point, had become both an older and wiser soldier as well as , since his retirement from the us military, elder statesman in his feeling about war and the utter futility of it. one thing that gen. macarthur was taught at an early age, from his civil war general dad douglas macarthur sr, that stuck to him all his life was that to a soldier like himself war should be the very last-not first-resort in settling issues between nations. in that it's the soldiers who have to fight and die in it. it took a lifetime, with the advent of the nuclear age, for gen. macarthur to finally realize just how right and wise his dad a congressional medal of honor winner, like himself, really was!

since douglas macarthur affected more human lives—for the better—than any other american not elected president, he deserved a better film biography. not that universal's "macarthur" is bad. it's just not all it should have been.oddly enough, the potential was there. from the very early "star trek" episode "the corbomite maneuver" (1966) to the recent hbo films "something the lord made" (2oo4) and "warm springs" (2oo5), director joseph sargent has emerged as one of the most expressively human directors in film, a man capable of subtly shaping the emotional shadings of his actors' performances, and carrying the audience exactly where he wants them to go. the producer, frank mccarthy, also gave us "patton" (197o), the legendary jerry goldsmith scored both films, and universal widely touted the fact that the film was "four years in preparation and production." yet for all of this, "macarthur" is perfectly adequate—and not much more than that.the film begins in early 1942, shortly before the beleaguered general was ordered—by president franklin d. roosevelt (dan o'herlihy)—to flee the philippines to avoid capture by the japanese. thus, this film omits: · macarthur's birth in 188o in a frontier barracks in arkansas still subject to attack by native american tribesmen—thus establishing that his remarkable life spanned the distance from bows-and-arrows to thermonuclear weapons; · his graduation from west point—first in a class of 95, · how he joined his famous father, general arthur macarthur (who had earned the medal of honor at missionary ridge in the civil war) on assignments in japan, china and, most importantly, in the philippines; · his heroic exploits in the 1914 excursion into vera cruz; · how he leaped about the trenches of world war one like a mountain goat, often wounded, and promoted with blinding speed to brigadier general; · his postwar service as west point's youngest—and most progressive—commandant; · his participation in the court-martial of billy mitchell in 1924; · his routing of the bonus marchers in 1932; · his efforts to sustain a woefully-underfunded army as chief of staff in the early 193o's; · his retirement from the u.s. army to become field marshal (!) of the army of the philippines; · and the reactivation of his commission by fdr shortly before the outbreak of the second world war.all this is omitted in favor of prolonged footage of macarthur trying to fight off seasickness while being evacuated by pt boat—thus, we know that "general mac" is a legend, but not why; nor can we appreciate why the allegations of cowardice were so wounding to "dugout doug"—and so patently unfounded.the remainder of his career is presently straightforwardly: his island-hopping "hit 'em where they ain't" campaign, the fulfillment of his pledge to the filipinos— "i shall return!"—his crowning achievement, the winning of the peace in postwar japan, then the difference of opinion with president harry truman (a properly feisty ed flanders) over the conduct of the korean conflict which resulted in his outright firing, and finally, his proclamation to congress that "old soldiers…simply fade away," after which he did just that. all quite historically accurate, and all presented with a very deliberate lack of commentary.sargent and the producers almost painfully distance themselves from adorning the historical record with their own approval or disapproval: if macarthur's actions appear noble, let them be presented as such; if they appear egotistical or bombastic, let those conceptions register sans comment. since joe sargent is quite expert at subtly manipulating his audience's reactions—again, see warm springs—this refusal to offer comment appears quite intentional. historically, that may be commendable, but it almost defeats the efforts of the viewer to place this extraordinary man in any kind of rational perspective.and finally, there is a sort of "made on the cheap" feel to the film, as there is to "midway," released about the same time. both films were relegated to "television" directors--sargent in this case, jack smight on "midway," and both have a made-for-tv-look. even jerry goldsmith's march, while perfectly serviceable, lack the subtle undertones and the grandeur of his "patton" theme--just another way in which a larger-than-life man is memorialized by a very ordinary film.there was vanity and pettiness in this man, inarguably; there was also greatness—and love him or loathe him, one must acknowledge the fact that macarthur did what no military commander before him had done: he won the peace.in the end, "macarthur"—like so many film biographies—is a good place to begin research into this remarkable man, but a poor place to end it.

frank mccarthy who produced the academy award winning biographical film patton follows it up with a strong tribute to another of america's fighting generals, douglas macarthur. gregory peck gives a strong characterization of the man, his genius as well as his egotism. with macarthur you never knew quite where one began and the other left off and too many times they blended.the whole story of douglas macarthur would be a six hour film or a tv mini-series. it would cover him from his days on frontier posts with his family to his time at west point where he still has the highest scholastic average ever achieved by a cadet. it would talk about his service in the phillipines as a young officer, his legend building bravery on the battlefields of world war i in france. it would also have to tell about him firing on the bonus marchers of world war i veterans in 1932, probably putting the final kabosh on any chances president herbert hoover had of getting re-elected. during macarthur's last years he and hoover had penthouse suites at the waldorf astoria in new york city. that must have been a subject they avoided.this film concentrates on the years 1941 to 1952 and it is told in flashback. the film opens with macarthur addressing the student body in 1962. as he speaks the words of the famous duty honor country speech, macarthur's mind goes back to world war ii and his desperate struggle against the advancing japanese on the island of corregidor and the fields of bataan on luzon. the film takes him through his struggle to win back the phillipines, the occupation of japan and the first 18 months culminating in his relief of command by president truman.macarthur as a film would not work at all if it wasn't for the portrayals of dan o'herlihy and ed flanders as presidents franklin d. roosevelt and harry s. truman respectively. it's the part of the film i enjoyed the best, seeing macarthur and his relations with both these men.fdr by o'herlihy captures the aristocratic squire and exceptionally devious man that was our 32nd president. roosevelt was a man who got his points across with unusual subtlety and cleverness. sometimes he liked scheming a little too much for its own sake, but he was the master politician of the last century. note how he deals with macarthur both as a battlefield commander and potential rival at the same time.truman by flanders is as people remember him, a blunt spoken man of the people who disliked macarthur's haughtiness from the gitgo. of course it's in the history books how truman relieved macarthur in 1951 for insubordination. macarthur was insubordinate, no doubt about it.yet i could write a whole thesis on the truman-macarthur relations. along the way it need not have ever come to a crisis. i've always felt that fdr would have dealt with the whole matter in a far better way had he still been president then.macarthur was also grandly eloquent and gregory peck captures some of that eloquence in some of the orations that made him as much a legend as victories on the battlefield. listen to peck at the japanese surrender, at macarthur's farewell to the nation before the joint session of congress, and of course his speech to the cadets in 1962. watch the newsreels and see if you don't agree.

gregory peck's brilliant portrayal of douglas macarthur from the battle of corregidor in the philippines at the start of the pacific war largely through to his removal as un commander during the korean war offers reason to believe all three of the above possibilities. certainly the most controversial american general of the second world war (and possibly ever) macarthur is presented here as a man of massive contradictions. he claims that soldiers above all yearn for peace, yet he obviously glories in war; he consistently denies any political ambitions, yet almost everything he does is deliberately used to boost himself as a presidential candidate; he obviously believes that soldiers under his command have to follow his orders to the letter, yet he himself deliberately defies orders from the president of the united states; he shows great respect for other cultures (particularly in the philippines and japan) and yet is completely out of touch with his own country. all these things are held in balance throughout this movie, and in the end the viewer is left to draw his or her own conclusions about the man, although one is left with no doubt that macarthur sincerely and passionately loved his country, and especially the army he devoted his life to.peck's performance was, as i said, brilliant - to the point, actually, of overshadowing virtually everyone else in the film (which is perhaps appropriate, given who he was portraying!) with the possible exception of ed flanders. i though he offered a compelling look at harry truman and his attitude to macarthur: sarcastic (repeatedly referring to macarthur as "his majesty,") angry, frustrated and finally completely fed up with this general who simply won't respect his authority as president. marj dusay was also intriguing as macarhur's wife jean, devoted to her husband (whom she herself referred to as "general," although their relationship seems to have been a happy enough one.) i very much enjoyed this movie, although perhaps would have liked to have learned a little more about macarthur's early life. i have always chuckled at macarthur's reaction to eisenhower being elected president ("he'll make a fine president - he was the best damn clerk i ever had" - which seems to sum up what macarthur thought the role of the president should be, especially to his military commanders during wartime.) well worth watching. 8/10

it is noteworthy that mine is only the third review of this film, whereas `patton- lust for glory', producer frank mccarthy's earlier biography of a controversial american general from the second world war, has to date attracted nearly a hundred comments. like a previous reviewer, i am intrigued by why one film should have received so much more attention than the other.one difference between the two films is that `patton' is more focused, concentrating on a relatively short period at and immediately after the end of the second world war, whereas `macarthur' covers not only this war but also its subject's role in the korean war, as well as his period as american governor of occupied japan during the interlude.the main difference, however, lies in the way the two leaders are played. gregory peck dominates this film even more than george c. scott dominated `patton'. whereas scott had another major star, karl malden, playing opposite him as general bradley, none of the other actors in `macarthur' are household names, at least for their film work. scott, of course, portrayed patton as aggressive and fiery-tempered, a man who at times was at war with the rest of the human race, not just with the enemy. i suspect that in real life general macarthur was as volcanic an individual as patton, but that is not how he appears in this film. peck's macarthur is of a more reflective, thoughtful bent, comparable to the liberal intellectuals he played in some of his other films. at times, he even seems to be a man of the political left. much of his speech on the occasion of the japanese surrender in 1945 could have been written by a paid-up member of cnd, and his policies for reforming japanese society during the american occupation have a semi-socialist air to them. in an attempt to show something of macarthur's gift for inspiring leadership, peck makes him a fine speaker, but his speeches always seem to owe more to the studied tricks of the practised rhetorician than to any fire in the heart. it is as if atticus finch from `to kill a mockingbird' had put on a general's uniform.whereas scott attempted a `warts and all' portrait of patton, the criticism has been made that `macarthur' attempts to gloss over some of its subject's less attractive qualities. i think that this criticism is a fair one, particularly as far as the korean war is concerned. the film gives the impression that macarthur was a brilliant general who dared stand up to interfering, militarily ignorant politicians who did not know how to fight the war and was sacked for his pains when victory was within his grasp. many historians, of course, feel that truman was forced to sack macarthur because the latter's conduct was becoming a risk to world peace, and had no choice but to accept a stalemate because stalin would not have allowed his chinese allies to be humiliated. even during the korean scenes, peck's macarthur comes across as more idealistic than his real-life original probably was; we see little of his rashness and naivety about political matters. (truman 's remark `he knows as much about politics as a pig knows about sunday' was said about eisenhower, but it could equally well have been applied to macarthur's approach to international diplomacy). perhaps the film's attempt to paint out some of macarthur's warts reflects the period in which it was made. the late seventies, after the twin traumas of vietnam and watergate, was a difficult time for america, and a public looking for reassurance might have welcomed a reassuringly heroic depiction of a military figure from the previous generation. another criticism i would make of the film is that it falls between two stools. if it was intended to be a full biography of macarthur, something should have been shown of his early life, which is not covered at all. (the first we see of the general is when he is leading the american resistance to the japanese invasion of the philippines). one theme that runs throughout the film is the influence of general macarthur's father, himself a military hero. i would have liked to see what sort of man arthur macarthur was, and just why his son considered him to be such a hero and role model. another interesting way of making the film would have been to concentrate on korea and on macarthur's clash with truman, with equal prominence given to the two men and with actors of similar stature playing them. the way in which the film actually was made seemed to me to be less interesting than either of these alternative approaches.it would be wrong, however, to give the impression that i disliked the film altogether. although i may not have agreed with peck's interpretation of the main role, there is no denying that he played it with his normal professionalism and seriousness. the film as a whole is a good example of a solid, workmanlike biopic, thoughtful and informative. it is a good film, but one that could have been a better one. 7/10.on a pedantic note, the map which macarthur is shown using during the korean war shows the dmz, the boundary between the two korean states that did not come into existence until after the war. (the pre-war boundary was the 38th parallel). also, i think that macarthur was referring to the `tocsin' of war. war may be toxic, but it is difficult to listen with thirsty ear for a toxin.

the film transported everyone back to october 20, 1944 where we seemed to be part of the great philippine 'i shall return' landing scene… it was on that leyte shore where general macarthur reaped his fame… above all, gregory peck triumphed in his portrayal of the great general… it is the stride, the set of the shoulders, the intensity… it's what both men have had in common: intensity, total absorption, devotion… with macarthur it was for the military… with peck it was for the challenge of acting… an academy award winner for "to kill a mockinbird", an oscar nominee for "keys to the kingdom", "the yearling", "gentleman's agreement", and "twelve o'clock high"—he has played everything from an apparently homicidal amnesiac to a crusading journalist; from a troubled gunfighter to an obsessed attorney; from biblical david to captain horatio hornblower… he has brought to them all his own unique insight, his character, his sincerity, warmth and love, and especially, his humor… there is a scene where 'macarthur' stands on deck with the 'president of the philippines.' we can hear the dialogue: "general, i hope the water isn't too deep," says the 'president,' "because my people will find out i can't swim." then come peck's sonorous voice: "and my people are going to find that i can't walk on water!" as "macarthur," peck once again justified his reputation as a giant in the film industry… through him we felt macarthur's emotions: we knew his anger, his happiness and we understood the relationship with his whole family…

first of all this was not a three hour movie - two hours, ten minutes... last time i checked commercials aren't actually part of a movie! perhaps, though, it should've been a two parter for a total of about 3 hours? yeah, would have gotten more in, been able to explore some more emotion. overall, though, it was an interesting look into the lives of lucy and desi. i watch i love lucy from time to time and love it but never have i read or seen a biography, never knew anything about their lives off the screen. because of this movie i do now but i'm not so sure that's a good thing. everything here no one really needed to know. this was essentially a movie that didn't need to be made. but it was made and the reason is because lucy & desi are still such huge stars and certain people in american society feel that the rest of society needs to know all about our tv and movie stars. that is definitely so not true and very, very sad.anyway, what was shown here in lucy was pretty good. two complaints - the actress who played viv vance - not great casting at all. and the switch from madeline zima to rachel york.... uhhh, like lucy had plastic surgery and all of a sudden she's a whole new person!? that wasn't too great. but the story went on and focused on the rocky relationship between lucy & desi. no, the kids were not shown very much at all and that wasn't necessarily a drawback to this movie because like i said, this focused mainly just on lucy & desi. had there been more time, had the story been more about lucy's entire life, then maybe the kids woulda been there more. but they weren't so we got to see the likes of gable & lombard, red skelton and buster keaton very briefly instead. wow, that was one thing about this story that i thought was really cool: his presence and influence in lucy's life. really neat and it's too bad that wasn't explored more. oh well. what was explored was done well, for the most part. honestly, i don't think i'll ever watch this again and i don't think this movie'll be that memorable. for someone who digs i love lucy but isn't an enormous lucille ball fan, this should be an interesting watch. my grade for this: b

before i watched this tv movie i did not know much about one of my favorite actresses. after watching it, i realized how sad lucille ball's life really was. it had it's great moments too, but i didn't realize how sad it was. this movie was very good and told the story of the beloved lucille ball very well. i highly reccommend it.

dramatic license - some hate it, though it is necessary in retelling any life story. in the case of "lucy", the main points of lucille ball's teenage years, early career and 20 year marriage to desi arnaz are all included, albeit in a truncated and reworked way.the main emotional points of lucy's life are made clear: lucille's struggle to find her niche as an actress, finally blossoming into the brilliant comedienne who made the character lucy ricardo a legend; her turbulent, romantic and ultimately impossible marriage to desi arnaz; lucy & desi creating the first television empire and forever securing their place in history as tv's most memorable sitcom couple.as lucille ball, rachel york does a commendable job. do not expect to see quite the same miraculous transformation like the one judy davis made when playing judy garland, but york makes ball strong-willed yet likable, and is very funny in her own right. even though her comedic-timing is different than lucy's, she is still believable. the film never goes into much detail about her perfectionistic behaviour on the set, and her mistreatment of vivian vance during the early "i love lucy" years, but watching york portray lucy rehearsing privately is a nice inclusion.daniel pino is thinner and less charismatic than the real desi was, but he does have his own charm and does a mostly decent job with desi's accent, especially in the opening scene. madeline zima was decent, if not overly memorable, as the teen-aged lucy.vivian vance and william frawley were not featured much, thankfully, since rebecca hobbs and russell newman were not very convincing in the roles. not that they aren't good actors in their own right, they just were not all that suited to the people they were playing. most of the actors were from austrailia and new zeland, and the repressed accents are detectable at times.although the main structure of the film sticks to historical fact, there are many deviations, some for seemingly inexplicable reasons. jess oppenheimer, the head writer of lucy's radio show "my favourite husband" which began in 1948, is depicted in this film as arriving on the scene to help with "i love lucy" in 1951, completely disregarding the fact that he was the main creator! this movie also depicts marc daniels as being the main "i love lucy" director for its entire run, completely ignoring the fact that he was replaced by william asher after the first season! also, though i figure this was due to budgetary constraints, the ricardo's are shown to live in the same apartment for their entire stay in new york, when in reality they changed apartments in 1953. the kitchen set is slightly larger and off-scale from the original as well. the connecticut home looks pretty close to the original, except the right and left sides of the house have been condensed and restructured. there's also desi talking about buying rko in 1953, during lucy's red-scare incident, even though rko did not hit the market until 1957. these changes well could have been for dramatic license, and the film does work at conveying the main facts, but would it have hurt them to show a bit more respect to oppenheimer and asher, two vital figures in "i love lucy" history? the biggest gaff comes in the "i love lucy" recreation scenes, at least a few of them. it's always risky recreating something that is captured on film and has been seen by billions of people, but even more so when obvious changes are made. the scene with the giant bread loaf was truncated, and anyone at all familiar with that episode would have noticed the differences right away! the "we're having a baby" number was shortened as well, but other than that it was practically dead on. by far the best was the "grape-stomping" scene, with rachel york really nailing lucy's mannerisms. the producers made the wise decision not to attempt directly recreating the "vitametavegamin" and candy factory bits, instead showing the actors rehearse them. these scenes proved effective because of that approach.the film's main fault is that it makes the assumption the viewers already know a great deal about lucy's life, since much is skimmed over or omitted at all. overall, though, it gives a decent portrait of lucy & desi's marriage, and the factual errors can be overlooked when the character development works effectively.

i thought rachel york was fantastic as "lucy." i have seen her in "kiss me, kate" and "victor/victoria," as well, and in each of these performances she has developed very different, and very real, characterizations. she is a chameleon who can play (and sing) anything!i am very surprised at how many negative reviews appear here regarding rachel's performance in "lucy." even some bonafide tv and entertainment critics seem to have missed the point of her portrayal. so many people have focused on the fact that rachel doesn't really look like lucy. my response to that is, "so what?" i wasn't looking for a superficial impersonation of lucy. i wanted to know more about the real woman behind the clown. and rachel certainly gave us that, in great depth. i also didn't want to see someone simply "doing" classic lucy routines. therefore i was very pleased with the decision by the producers and director to have rachel portray lucy in rehearsal for the most memorable of these skits - vitameatavegamin and the candy factory. (it seems that some of the reviewers didn't realize that these two scenes were meant to be rehearsal sequences and not the actual skits). this approach, i thought, gave an innovative twist to sketches that so many of us know by heart. i also thought rachel was terrifically fresh and funny in these scenes. and she absolutely nailed the routines that were recreated - the professor and the grape stomping, in particular. there was one moment in the grape scene where the corner of rachel's mouth had the exact little upturn that i remember lucy having. i couldn't believe she was able to capture that - and so naturally.i wonder if many of the folks who criticized the performance were expecting to see the lucille ball of "i love lucy" throughout the entire movie. after all, those of us who came to know her only through tv would not have any idea what lucy was really like in her early movie years. i think rachel showed a natural progression in the character that was brilliant. she planted all the right seeds for us to see the clown just waiting to emerge, given the right set of circumstances. lucy didn't fit the mold of the old studio system. in her frustrated attempts to become the stereotypical movie star of that era, she kept repressing what would prove to be her ultimate gifts.i believe that rachel deftly captured the comedy, drama, wit, sadness, anger, passion, love, ambition, loyalty, sexiness, self absorption, childishness, and stoicism all rolled into one complex american icon. and she did it with an authenticity and freshness that was totally endearing. "lucy" was a star turn for rachel york. i hope it brings a flood of great roles her way in the future. i also hope it brings her an emmy.

i loved this movie. i knew it would be chocked full of camp and silliness like the original series. i found it very heart warming to see adam west, burt ward, frank gorshin, and julie newmar all back together once again. anyone who loved the batman series from the 60's should have enjoyed return to the batcave. you could tell the actors had a lot of fun making this film, especially adam west. and i'll bet he would have gladly jumped back into his batman costume had the script required him to do so. i told a number of friends about this movie who chose not to view it... now they wished they had. i have all of the original 120 episodes on vhs. now this movie will join my collection. thank you for the reunion adam and burt.

corny! i love it! corny - just as the tv show was about 40 years ago! adam and burt rekindle the same on-screen chemistry that never seems to have left! they re-live old memories, plus the actors that play them from the 1960s show some behind-the-scenes things which are quite interesting to know. 1960s tv was corny escapism for so many of us back then, and this dvd is no exception, if you are familiar with the original tv show. the fight scene with the written boofs and bams or whatever is fantastic!! the movie theater scene shows clips of the villains who passed away. at the end frank gorshin makes an appearance. he passed away not too long after this dvd was made, i believe, so it is to his great credit that he came back to again play a villain to adam and burt, just as he did to batman & robin so many years ago. he didn't lose his touch! thanks to julie newmar to re-living a villain role, also. in conclusion i think that this dvd is for great memories, and i wish to thank both adam and burt for coming back and recreating these memories for those of us who remember the original-!!! thanks, guys!!!

this is one of the best reunion specials ever, with adam west and burt ward parodying themselves and having fun while doing it. it's amazing the amount of effort that went into the detail, particularly recapturing the feel of the 1960's era, the batcave set, wayne manor, the costumes, and the actors selected to play the younger versions of west, ward, burgess meredith, cesar romero, and frank gorshin! this 90 minutes is well worth your time, and is a delight to all fans of the classic 1960's "batman" television series. i note that clips from "batman" were from the movie, and not the series itself, probably because of legal restrictions. let's hope the three seasons of the show are forthcoming on dvd.

i'm a belgian and grew up in the sixties. most of the us series were shown over here (original language with subtitles) and batman was one of the first i was keen on. unfortunately over here it caused a "panic hysteria" amongst the mothers because batman was considered as too violent. geez, compare the innocence of that series to the crap kids get to see nowadays. so because of my the over-protective mothers from the 60s i only got a chance to see maybe two or three episodes ! i got so frustrated i started to collect the comics and bubblegum cards (still got them !) to compensate. i even got the view master slides... i had an urge to see the caped crusader. all kids need some kind of hero.years later i finally got the chance to see the re-runs as an adolescent and i enjoyed it tremendously. the tongue-in-cheek acting would have escaped me when i would've watched it as a kid, but i understood it at the age of 17. yeah, i've watched them all now and the occasional kind soul on the internet posts episodes because they haven't released the series on dvd (to my knowledge)this evening i enjoyed "return to the bat cave"... it was a delight to watch because it was full of trivia and inside-jokes. to see adam and burt was a delight and this tv movie is simply fantastic in every aspect. they play themselves as they played their parts in the series.congratulations to the people who produced this great nostalgic "feast"... i'm gonna watch it again. my advice to all batman fans is: see it !!! rent it !!! lend it from a friend !!! buy it !!! i'd never expect myself to rate this as 9/10... very well done !

i really enjoyed this. i got it thinking it was going to be a documentary, but it revealed itself as a good piece of tongue in cheek fun.i think this has been well done, pretty much an extended tv show into a film, but due to the characters or rather original actors willingness to have fun and be made fun off helps this work in a great old style innocent way.if you are a fan of the original tv series then i am sure you will enjoy this.q

i watched this last night with low expectations. the reasons being, i don't usually like "made for tv" movies and rarely have i liked "cast reunion" movies. but, the critic in the los angeles times seemed to like this, so i gave it a chance. i'm glad i did. it was pretty good. adam west and burt ward reunite as themselves. but, in a way, they were acting as their "batman and robin" selves. they were being campy and not taking themselves, or this movie too seriously. the movie starts out with them searching for the "george barris" designed batmobile, that someone stole before it was to be auctioned off for an orphan's home. while, they are searching for the car, they are also reminiscing about the series that they did together. this is told in flashback. it was well done. the actors that they got, for the younger burt ward and adam west were dead on. and, for a tv movie, it got down to the nitty-gritty about their real behavior on and off the screen. i give this one a 9/10, i liked it that much.

extremely well-conceived - part whatever happened to, part behind the scenes revisitation, part reunion film - all done in the same campy style that made the original series so much fun. i only wish this had been done 10 years ago to include more guest villains who have passed on.

this was a well written tale of the making of the batman sitcom and actually reunites our heroes on a great quest as well as offers their tv shows history. unlike the brady's and partridge family documentary movies we not only get a look into the past and present lives of adam and burt , but also get to see them back in action. filled with kapow's and catwomen and the riddler(s), batman is back ina well told , tale that not only gives us a satisfactory closing to the batman series , but fills the modern fan in on all the hollywood tales that about them that haven't been heard in 35 years.kudos!!!

i loved this movie. i knew it would be chocked full of camp and silliness like the original series. i found it very heart warming to see adam west, burt ward, frank gorshin, and julie newmar all back together once again. anyone who loved the batman series from the 60's should have enjoyed return to the batcave. you could tell the actors had a lot of fun making this film, especially adam west. and i'll bet he would have gladly jumped back into his batman costume had the script required him to do so. i told a number of friends about this movie who chose not to view it... now they wished they had. i have all of the original 120 episodes on vhs. now this movie will join my collection. thank you for the reunion adam and burt.

a strangely enjoyable effort, combining an appropriately far-fetched plot involving adam and burt and flashbacks to the original tv series. most of the flashback scenes were lifted directly from burt ward's book "boy wonder: my life in tights" and i imagine his book was the inspiration for making this movie. like the book, it left fans of the original series hungering for more. if you missed this broadcast, it is definitely worth the effort to borrow a tape from a friend who may have recorded it. i'm making a copy for my kids right now.

this was basically an attempt to do the same thing with "batman" that was done with "gilligan's island" in "surviving gilligan's island." for those of you who missed it (and shame!) "surviving gilligan's island" (full title: "surviving gilligan's island: the incredibly true story of the longest three hour tour in history") was a special from a few years back, where bob denver ("gilligan"), dawn wells ("mary ann") and russell johnson ("the professor") related the story of the show's creation, cancellation, rediscovery & rebirth. along the way, stories were dramatized with actors portraying the original cast and crew. it was very well done. it was funny, well cast and came across as a genuine document of the show."return to the batcave: the misadventures of adam and burt" is in a similar style. the re-telling of the history of the show, the re-enactments, the general feel are all the same. what's missing is the straightforward approach that "surviving" took.in "return", adam west and burt ward both receive invitations to a car show to which they were not meant to be invited. after being allowed to stay, adam and burt witness the theft of the centerpiece of the show: the legendary batmobile! adam and burt decide to chase after it themselves, leading them through clues that cause them to think about the history of the show. this eventually leads to the revelation of who stole the batmobile and why.choosing to use this conceit (actually having a plot) is the biggest letdown of this show. unlike "surviving", "return" forces the viewer to follow a less interesting storyline (the theft of the batmobile) instead of focusing all its attention on what the audience would most be interested in (the history of the show.) it is the historical sections that work the best. the casting (as in "surviving") is excellent. jack brewer ("adam west") and jason marsden ("burt ward") capture the feel of the actors without looking *too* much like them. brett rickaby ("frank gorshin") bears a stronger resemblance to his subject, but captures none of the late gorshin's charm, only his characterizations. other actors' portrayals are short and functional, with none standing out as especially good or bad. many of the stories have been told before, but they mostly play out amusingly, with only the occasional clunky presentation. another wonderful bit from the historical sections was the use of audition footage of lyle waggoner's tryout for the part of batman. the only place where the flashbacks fail is when they insert obviously made up plot points to advance the main story. this downgrades the accuracy of the flashbacks needlessly.the "main plot" (if that is what we must call it) is, of course, ludicrous. this is not really a fault in and of itself, but it's just not carried off well enough to cover up the shortfall. strong performances and good writing can make up for a silly plot (especially in these kinds of things) but we really get neither, here. the performances by west and ward seem somewhat flat (even for them); the dialog too carefully written for it to feel natural. again, i think the comparison to "surviving gilligan's island" can be seen in that the dialog is mostly just there to set up a flashback. in "surviving", that's all it intends to be. in "return" it tries to do double duty and, unfortunately, often fails. gorshin and newmar do well (although i agree with others that gorshin had not aged well and that newmar had - and what's waggoner taking to look that good?) but aren't given enough to do. again, i think they all would have been better served by a more straightforward presentation than the one chosen here.another odd point about "return". this special is about the "batman" tv series and its history, yet all the clips shown are from the theatrical movie. even the waggoner footage is technically movie footage. if you know you're "bat-history", then you know that the movie was originally planned to be made first, only to be delayed in favor of the tv show when cbs needed to fill time fast. so when waggoner and west were testing for the role, it was for the movie, not the tv show. why "return" only uses movie footage is unclear. it most probably has to do with rights issues, but it is a distinct distraction to those in the know: seeing julie newmar in the present, but only footage of lee meriwether as catwoman in the past.overall, i liked the show, mainly for the flashbacks. i would have preferred the style used in "surviving gilligan's island", but i can understand why they'd want a more story-oriented piece given the subject matter. besides, i like these people. it's nice to see them out and about, still having fun with one of the great pieces of entertainment history. i just wish they had done it a little better and when more of the original cast was still alive to be there.

yes, i did, as i sit here red-faced, remembering having felt almost guilty as i watched it a couple of weeks back while my wife chose to watch something as inconsequential (in comparison) as "mommie dearest."how does one explain the appeal of "batman and robin" - i mean the only ones who ever really counted, adam west and burt ward. it was a terrible show, with terrible plots and terrible acting - and, oh yes, it was terribly funny! and the same applies to this "reunion" and "flashback" movie. adam and burt are invited to an auction where the old batmobile is going to be sold off for charity. but it gets stolen, and our pals (as themselves) jump into their old characters' personas (if not their costumes) and head off to find out what's happened. along the way they reminisce about the series, and we see how it all came together in flashbacks, with jack brewer and jason marsden playing the young adam and burt of the tv series. it really was quite interesting to get some behind the scenes looks at the old series, and adam and burt just stepped perfectly back into character (even though they weren't really in character - well, you'd have to watch it to see what i mean.) it was also great to see julie newmar and frank gorshin.if you're not a fan of the old series, you'll hate this. if - heaven forbid - you actually thought michael keaton and george clooney made acceptable "batmans" then you'll hate this even more. but if you grew up with adam and burt and are still willing to admit that you never missed an episode - well, this one's for you.yes, it's true - 9/10

there are many kinds of reunion shows. one kind is where old actors are taken out of mothballs and set to recreate characters they haven't played for twenty or thirty years. these have mixed results. `return to mayberry', despite some silliness, was okay; `return to green acres' as execrable (eddie albert used a word for the script i won't repeat here, but both it and the movie stink); `rescue from gilligan's island' filled in a necessary gap in the story of the castaways, though the show itself was silly even from a `gilligan's island' viewpoint. in most cases, the scripts are weak; sometimes a silliness appears in the scripts that is too knowing – and in comedy it's nearly always fatal for the characters to know they're being funny. new characters are introduced who don't fit the mix. in the main, these reunion shows are pretty weak. a second sort of `reunion' show is the kind where the cast lays its past aside but sits around, telling stories, reminiscing, interspersed with flashbacks from the shows. then there are movies based on the shows, which are rarely good; and movies based on the history of the show (`the brady bunch' has had both of these happen to it, with various results).`return to the batcave' uses nearly all the above, with a wonderfully twisted viewpoint, which makes it the best of the reunion shows, and has raised the bar for the others.adam west and burt ward and summoned to a showing of the original batmobile. while they are there, the car is stolen. the adam west of the movie is a man demented. he called jerry, his butler, `alfred'. he opens a bust of shakespeare in his apartment and reveals a hidden pole to slide down to the parking garage. he's obsessed with being a crime fighter, when in fact he's merely a washed up actor. when the batmobile is stolen he not only believes it's his duty as a crime fighter to recover it, he drags and unwilling burt ward in as his assistant.the pursuit is largely loquacious, with west and ward reminiscing about the old days. it is broken by `flashbacks' with actors playing west and ward in the old days. the modern scenes and the `flashbacks' both have the wacky lack of reality the show maintained. there are also running gags that show west is able to make fun of himself: in ward's book about his time on the show, he spoke frankly about west's libido and also his being a skinflint (west makes ward pay for everything in their pursuit, down to tips and bus fare). the clues they follow, the characters they meet (even in flashback) all fit the mentality of the old series, and there are several homages, including a fist fight with written sound effects.the whole thing is extremely funny and done with great panache. there are also cameos by julie newmar (looking like she's had one facelift too many) and frank gorshin, reminding us why he has such a cult following. gorshin will be the riddler when jim carey, his obvious successor, is long forgotten. the movie builds to a fairly obvious but funny climax.this show is a model for reunion shows – unfortunately, there are few that can fit the pattern. this show had actors replaying their old characters; young actors playing a movie about the making of the show; the actors west and ward reminiscing; and a modern-day movie with the real adam west playing the demented adam west. it has everything. if you loved the old show, this is the stopper on the bottle.

i discovered this film after reading the book that inspired it. it is not a strictly biographical film; it is "loosely based" on the facts. but i found it a compelling and eerie exploration of evil and madness, and michel serrault gives an unforgettable performance as dr. petiot.there are many memorable images in this movie; petiot traveling through the night like a vampire, his black cloak flapping behind him, is almost iconic. there are also several touches of expressionism - petiot's crooked silhouette mounting the stairs leading from the cellar where the butchered remains of his victims await cremation, reminds me of some scenes from 'nosferatu'.but i found the primary appeal of this movie to be aural. the soundtrack is loaded with ominous sounds, starting with the foreboding music of the opening credits, accompanied by wordless wailing. petiot lives and runs his medical practice in a complex with many small shops, and there is a persistent background noise of knives being sharpened somewhere, as well as a peddler playing eerie tunes on a saw. there are animal noises as well - the concierge keeps a goat, unseen cats howl - and later in the film we see hapless cattle being herded through an underpass. the whole atmosphere is unsettling, with overtones of violence and slaughter.not only animals, but human voices are often heard - the screams of gestapo victims, petiot's patients in his waiting room, monitored by a listening device, just the same as the suspected collaborators after the war are monitored in their cells. even the action of the film is often arranged so that we hear the voices of the participants without seeing them - when petiot goes to see mme kern, we hear her singing as she works, her voice echoing in the theater, before we ever see her. and even when she does appear, she is often filmed from behind, her voice calling out to her husband, whose voice calls out to her in conversation. disembodied voices echo in large halls, and their owners, when seen at all, are photographed at a distance, so we cannot actually see them speaking. this is a ghost story, and these are the voices of ghosts - many of them petiot's future victims.yet petiot himself is often only a voice; his frightening laughter echoes as he retreats from the camera, throwing comments behind him or into the air to nobody. in a way, he is as much a ghost as those he murders. he is always frantically busy, scurrying from appointment to appointment, never at rest. but his activity is that of a machine - lifeless and imperturbable. it is interesting that among all the horror and danger of occupied paris, petiot alone is unafraid; he is amused, enthusiastic, angry, irritated, contemptuous, but never afraid, unlike those real people he lures to their deaths. it is no surprise that he boasts of his mechanical inventions, including a perpetual motion machine (a true detail from the book - he did claim to have invented many machines); he is a sort of perpetual motion machine himself. and mechanical imagery is everywhere in the film, from the opening giant wheel in the movie house, to petiot's bicycle (with its squeaking wheels echoing the sound of sharpening knives), to the victrola he keeps winding up to play music before he makes a kill. even his routine with his victims is mechanical - write a note to your wife, let me disguise you before you leave, you need a vaccination, barcelona, casablanca, dakar - like a well-oiled machine, the routine is always the same, just as the record is always the same.maeder, the author, says that it was the clockwork perfection of his crimes that weighed so heavily against petiot at his trial. his system was as smooth and efficient as a nazi concentration camp, and this may be why the movie invents a subplot of petiot's involvement with the french gestapo and the occupying nazis. unfortunately, it doesn't quite work as part of the story, because it's very hard to figure out just what petiot is doing for the collaborators, or what is going on when he ends up at their headquarters in the middle of the night. disposing of bodies? hiding stolen goods? it's hard to say, and harder to believe; it's not likely the state would turn to a freelancer like petiot.but it does remind us of the duality of evil people; petiot is a robber and a murderer, but he is also a devoted father and husband. just as we learned that hitler loved dogs, and that nazis guilty of the worst war crimes could also be loving fathers and family men, so we have to recognize that petiot could commit unspeakable horrors and yet also function normally. his insanity is easily camouflaged by the insanity and horror of the wartime situation in paris; when killing, robbing and disappearing are happening all around, nobody pays attention as petiot tosses more corpses on the pile.

this is easily a 9. michel serrault, known more for comic roles in the earlier part of his acting career, does a stunning, even worryingly stunning job of impersonating dr petiot, a legendary french serial killer.he is just so believable at every and any moment in the film, that the actor completely disappears behind the character - only the very best ever achieve this feat, and when they do it is only in a handful of parts at best.the whole story (a real story which happened in 20th century france) is so powerful, so sinister - it makes for a very strong film that one remembers for a long, long time.

docteur petiot, starring michel serrault, is a brutal story about a brutal man. a doctor who heals the sick in occupied france, even if their ability to compensate is not there. yet, he preys on the weakest amidst the populace. the imagery and cinematography are superb, and lend an additional macabre feeling to this complex story. he is the perfect psychopath. seductive and altruistic, intelligent and caring, calculating and murderous. a movie certain not to be forgotten soon by the viewer. kudos to mr. serrault, for his chilling portrayal.

i am a big beatles fan. my favorite beatle is paul and my least favorite is john. i already knew quite a bit about the beatles music and the truth behind the breakup, as well as things like john lennon's family and paul's band wings. i was curious to see how this movie would handle the relationship between john and paul so many years after the breakup.i was not disappointed by this movie. although the story itself is fiction, many of the references that the two musicians used were very accurate. these included how yoko ono would always be with john wherever he went, the wings song "silly love songs" being the number one hit that year and the concert on the roof of apple studios playing music from the album "let it be."the actors did a very good job in playing john and paul. the accents could had used maybe a bit more work, but they seemed to act a lot like i've read the two former-beatles used to act like. i also liked the dialogue between them, which was basically what the entire movie was.the ending at first disappointed me, but the more you think about it the more you will appreciate it, especially since this was how it really went in real life. they also show the fantastic skit from "saturday night live" in which the beatles are offered $3,000 to perform on the show. (as compared to the $220 million others were offering them) overall, i was not disappointed with this movie. it does really give you more of a feel for why the beatles broke up and why they never got back together.

*warning* spoilers ahead... the writers of this story knew these men very well. the actors, likewise, portrayed them very well. the result is that by the end of the film you feel like you're actually watching john lennon and paul mccartney. the expected tensions are there, especially in the awkward first moments. but as the two begin to loosen up, the old camaraderie that made the beatles work so well begins to show through. the bitterness is still there, and interrupts at times, but by the time john gets the idea to take lorne michaels up on his offer to pay the beatles the gag sum of $3000 to appear on "saturday night live", the two could be the same boyish pranksters that terrorized liverpool together as teens, and survived playing the rough nightclubs of hamburg to rise to superstardom. but in the end, this wonderful fantasy grounds us gently. we are reminded why a beatles reunion was most likely never possible even before lennon's assassination: the two driving forces of the group outgrew each other.

i sat down to watch this film with much trepidation and little hope. i didn't think it would be possible for this film to live up to its subject matter. but it absolutely did, and then some. first, i must say that jared harris did an extraordinary job as john lennon. at times it seemed that harris was channeling lennon. the resemblance was often uncanny, and he clearly studied lennon's mannerisms and vocal inflections. aiden quinn was quite good as mccartney, also bearing a striking resemblance to macca, although he did occasionally trip over his scouse accent.this work of fiction was well-written and well-directed. it was pure fantasy, of course, but sometimes i felt like a voyeur peeking through a keyhole at this reunion. the rooftop scene was especially moving, as mccartney told lennon what he had never heard as a child--that he was worthy and important, and it could never be his fault that he was abandoned by his parents. i also enjoyed the scene in the park where the pair of them danced with absolute abandon to the reggae band!my one complaint would be this: i am not so sure that john was as caustic as he was portrayed in the film at this stage in his life. he had settled in to his domestic situation quite nicely, and he was actually known to be quite friendly when approached by fans. only a few years later, he was very friendly when he was first approached by his assassin for an autograph on the day he was murdered.mostly this film served to stir up those feelings again about what might have been had john lived a bit longer. i am quite sure the beatles would have come back together at some stage. and i am quite certain that lennon and mccartney would still be friends today.well done, vh1. i will watch it again and again.

this was a real guilt pleasure ... i saw the trailer and all the advertising, so i figured 'why not check out this vh1 movie?' and, as they used to say on t.v., 'i can't believe i watched the whole thing!' quinn and harris were believable beatle boys, and, although the accents were sort of over-the-top and difficult to decipher at times, i found the dialogue believable as well. the film touched upon the tenuous relationship of len/mc and showed how, deep down, they were simply two guys who grew up close together and shared a passion for music - coming at it, though, with different sets of issues and personal needs. you find yourself wishing they'd hopped in the cab to snl for an impromptu reunion that would have knocked the world's socks off, but you also gain a greater appreciation for why they didn't

i still wonder why i watched this movie. admittedly, before i viewed this film, i knew practicly nothing about the beatles. i didn't even know all their names! all i knew was that they had a ton of fans, they had some albums that some people claim to be the greatest ever, they broke up, john married yoko ono, and john was murdered.also, vh1 isn't even my favorite music station, mtv is. still, for some reason or another i decided to watch it, not expecting much. surprisingly, i enjoyed it very much! the dialogue was written and handled very well with the occasion of a slight accent mess up. this is very important, because john and paul talking is pretty much the whole film, allthough they are taken outside to explore more possibilities, and to keep you watching. jared harris and adien quinn give good performaces,overall.the ending was also very smart. i enjoyed how the movie gets you excited about the snl performace, and then slaps you over the head and makes you realize that it would be better if they just let it go, and end it on a good note. my favorite moment is probably the touching rooftop scene.overall, i recommend this film to almost everyone. it is a very good way of settling your curiosity of what could have happened if 6 years after the break up paul just showed up on john's doorstep. which is probably the main reason of my viewing this film, settling my curiosity on who the beatles really were and what could have happened to them after the breakup.

i absolutely loved this film! i was hesitant to watch it at first because i thought it would be too painful. i remember how hard it was when john was shot. however, watching the "two of us" took me back to a happier time when he was still alive and there was hope and possibility. i think that the writer did an amazing job depicting what "might have been." aidan quinn was adorable as paul and met the challenge head on. i was impressed with his accent and mannerisms. jared harris is also very talented and was quite believable as john. my favorite parts were the scene in the park and the rooftop scene - which was so poignant. the film left me with both sadness and satisfaction, both of which i feel are appropriate, given the circumstances.

this is one of the few movies released about a "what if" type of situation that made me think. it was amazing to hear them speak to each other, and reminisce about all the wonderful (and not so wonderful) things that happened between them. i actually think that there is a very good possibility this occurred like the movie implies, and they actually made peace with each other. those are good memories for every fan to hang onto, and to ask what actually happened between them would be selfish. what an amazing movie this was. the comedic aspects of the movie were wonderful. to think that they were together to patch things up between them in such a way is a comforting thought to people who wish they had a chance to clear the air with someone they didn't get to. to see john as such a caring, laid back character was refreshing from hearing all of the trash that was spoken about him...

even though i'm quite young, the beatles are my absolutely favourite band! i never had the chance to hear their music as it was releases but have loved them since i can remember.it's the sort of film that is worth trying the once. i can see why it wasn't released in the cinema but it is certainly a great film to put on the tv. i was flicking through my tv guide and happened to see this film, it didn't much details except something like, 'john lennon and paul mccartney meet after the beatles have broken up, jared harris stars'. i'd never heard of him (he played john) or aiden quinn who played paul. however they are certainly underestimated actors!the film had a slow start but as it developed, i could see how well quinn but especially harris played their characters. as a huge fan, i sort of know what the real lennon and mccartney are like. the script was brilliant and harris got lennon's accent, personality and mannerisms spot on! quinn played mccartney quite well but sometimes went into his irish accent. the make-up artists made them look excellent.this paragraph may be counted as a *spoiler*:as i mentioned before, it got off to a slow start but soon developed and became quite an emotional film. i found the bit in the park a total waste of time and quite out of character for both of the musicians. as for lennon's rude line in the italian restaurant, totally unnecessary. the ending was very poignant and brings a tear to my eye whenever i watch it.it is quite different from the other biographical films i've seen where it's about how the beatles got together and became famous, and those never really did the characters that well. e.g. 'backbeat'.in conclusion, i would say, if you're a beatles or john lennon or paul mccartney fan, give it a chance you may have pleasent surprise. at only about 95 minutes long, it's worth waiting for the film to develop.if anyone does know whether the meeting of 1976 really did happen please send it to the 'comments page' for this film, i'd be very interested.

recently shown on cable tv the movie opens with a disclaimer distancing itself from any co-operation of real life persons; that in itself is an eye catcher. yet the script and acting from the main characters is superb and i found myself engrossed throughout.due in no small way to the crisp, thoughtful and interesting dialogue.the film is about a meeting on one day between two real life musical "legends" who formerly composed together then seperated.the film captures the essence of their lives and philosophies, in a story which proffers an explanation for their initial "split". what is so impressive is that the actors give such seemingly realistic portrayals of the characters they play,faults and all, that this viewer at least was left believing i was witnessing a true event in almost every detail. the great skill of this play is that with astute writing and fine acting a movie basically about "two of us" talking can make an excellent picture. worthy of at least an 8 out of 10.

very slight spoiler this movie (despite being only on tv) is absolutely excellent. i didn`t really pay attention to the differences in looks or accents, so i can`t really comment on that. the acting in this was so good i had to pinch myself and say "remember, it`s only a movie, this didn`t really happen". as i sat and listened to harris and quinn talk, i knew that it was exactly what john and paul would be talking about had they actually had this meeting. the offhanded comments and burns from john were right on with his character(especially in the restaurant!), as was his depression while paul was very easy going and laid back. both actors did and excellent job and i was thrilled to have seen this movie. it`s a wicked experience for any beatles fan. and prepare for a few surprises!

i admit i had some trepidation when i first saw the previews for this film. was vh-1 treading on hollow ground here? i mean, harris and quinn don't really look or even sound like john or paul. but i have to admit, this film really surprised me. it's far from the exploitation film i expected. instead, it's a character study, a low-key, whimsical, and ultimately bittersweet look at friendship, and the ultimate lesson we all learn: it's hard, if not impossible, to capture what we once had, and what has passed us by.

this film is worth seeing alone for jared harris' outstanding portrayal of john lennon. it doesn't matter that harris doesn't exactly resemble lennon; his mannerisms, expressions, posture, accent and attitude are pure lennon. best scene: lennon in a local cafe verbally sparring with a stuttering fan as to whether paul mccartney & wings' "silly love songs" is worthy of #1 status in america.

being the beatlemaniac that i am, i approached two of us with a combination of fear and fascination. having seen 'in his life: the john lennon story', i was quite concerned that two of us will turn out no better. the fact that aidan quinn and jared harris look absolutely nothing like john lennon and paul mccartney – even with some make-up and proper hairdos – didn't help one bit.but i was more than a bit pleasantly surprised. it's probably thanks to the involvement of michael lindsay-hogg, who directed let it be in 1970 and consequently probably knew john and paul quite well, that the characters and the dialogue came across as convincing as they did. (the writing credit for two of us is given to a man named mark stanfield, of whom i know absolutely nothing; i feel confident that director lindsay-hogg had more than a bit to do with the script.) two of us is not a biography of the beatles; it has very little plot, in fact, and takes place all in one day in new york city. what it does is imagine a meeting between john and paul in 1976, while john lived in new york. that meeting is entirely fictitious, of course – though it can't truly be disproved that such a meeting actually took place. but through that imagined conversation it gives us a glimpse into the personalities of these two great musicians – their intelligence, their sense of humor, their different reaction to stardom, and most of all their relationship; what made them such a great team, and what broke them up.since it's a talk movie, nothing much except for dialogue between two characters for an hour and a half, it's likely to bore all but true fans of the beatles; but it's a fantastic piece of writing and storytelling, and is both informative and touching. for those interested in these two musical giants, very quickly you'll get over the shock of how different the actors look from their counterparts and feel like john and paul had come to life – so intimate and convincing is the script, and so committed are the actors. two of us gives you priceless insight into the lives of two geniuses, and a tale that is both sad and funny. most certainly recommended.

let's cut to the chase: if you're a baby-boomer, you inevitably spent some time wondering at the fact that, in 1976, mccartney had the gumption to drop in on john's city hermit life and spend the day with him. you also certainly wondered how things went. i heard the exact same reports that the writer of this film heard, from john's and paul's perspective, and i admit that i reconstructed the meeting in pretty much the same way this film does. but none of my imaginings could have bought tears to my eyes the way this incredible piece of work and acting does. i found it amazingly lifelike, perfectly plausible and 100 % saccharin-free. now, can anyone explain why i didn't hear of this masterpiece before it was shown by the cbc last night? i mean it's already three years old, for goodness sake! and yes, if you're a beatles fan, this is a must-see performance! even the subtle paraphrasing of beatles' melodies in the background is inspired.

this 1939 film from director john ford and writer lamar trotti tells a fictional tale of young lawyer abraham lincoln, his trials (literally) and his tribulations. it's a sentimental film, reasonably well made but hardly breathtaking. the casting of henry fonda as lincoln seems a mistake, for while the actor had the right doleful qualities for the part, even with several inches of makeup and a false nose he's way too handsome for honest abe, who was famously homely. it's a good try from fonda, who's nothing if not sincere, but his miscasting throws the entire film off. the supporting cast is excellent, though, and includes alice brady, ward bond and donald meek. but ford is too reverential in his treatment of lincoln, who is presented as just shy of a saint, and in the final scene the movie goes way over the top.

undoubtedly one of the great john ford's masterpieces, young mr. lincoln went practically unnoticed at the time of its initial release, no wonder because the year was 1939 when many of the greatest movies of the whole cinema history had been released, including the most mythical western in the history of the genre, john ford's milestone stagecoach and many others, such as gone with the wind, the wizard of oz, mr. smith goes to washington which took the oscar in the only category young mr. lincoln was nominated for, which is original screenplay.  it continued to be the most underrated ford's film for many years ahead destined to gradually fade away in the shadow of other john ford's masterpieces, but by the end of the 1950s american and european film critics and historians took a hold of a note written by legendary russian director sergei eisenstein about the young mr. lincoln where he praised it and acknowledged that if he would only have had an opportunity to direct any american film ever made till then, it would be definitely john ford's young mr. lincoln. impressed by such an undoubted preference from eisenstein, critics began to see the film again but only with a bit different eyes and film's reputation has been increasing ever since.  it was far not for the first time the life of one of the most legendary american presidents was brought to the screen. right in the beginning of the 1930s griffith did it in his abraham lincoln and the same year as ford's film, mgm released john cromwell's one called abe lincoln in illinois. curiously enough both of them were based on a very successful broadway stage play released in 1938 and written by robert sherwood.  as far as john ford's films are concerned, we can easily find many references to the life and deeds and even death of mythical lincoln's figure in several of director's works, such as 1924 the iron horse or 1936 the prisoner of the shark island, the second one, just as young mr. lincoln, utilizes as the main musical theme the favourite lincoln's song - dixie. the screenplay based on a previously mentioned stage play and lincoln's biographies was written by lamar trotti in collaboration with john ford himself, which was quite a rare thing for ford to do but final result was simply superb - a script combining elements of the play with several historical facts as well as myths and legends about the beginning of abraham lincoln's life and law practice culminating in a hilarious but mostly heartbreaking trial scene, which is the film's highest point and main laugh and tears generator, where lincoln defends the two young brothers accused of a murder and have to devise a manner to help their mother too when she is brought before the court as a witness and where the prosecuting attorney (played by donald meek) demands her to indicate which one of her sons actually committed the murder obviously obliging her to the making of an impossible choice of condemning to death one and letting live the other. overall it's a very touching, heart-warming and even funny film with simply magnificent performance from henry fonda in his supreme characterization of abraham lincoln and with overwhelming richness of other characters no matter how little or how big they are incarnated from the wonderful and intelligent screenplay and conducted by the ability of john ford's genius at one of its best deliveries ever. a definite must see for everyone. 10/10

plotwise this is a rather silly little whodunnit masquerading as a period drama/biopic.however the only reason i wanted to see it in the first place was because i was curious about what the great henry fonda was really like at his peak. i wasn't disappointed - he produces a truly warm and charismatic performance.in addition i can honestly say that i was never really bored at any stage during the film, so a strong ***1/2 out of *****

ok, first a correction to the tag posted on this movie's main page. abe lincoln did not walk with his sister in the movie, nor did he stop at his sister's grave. the individual in question is ann rutledge who was a very close friend to lincoln in his new salem days. some say that ann was, in fact, lincoln's girlfriend, but there is no evidence to support it.now, there are fabrications and fictionalizations in this film. hollywood has always taken dramatic license with anything under the sun, and "young mr. lincoln" is no exception. however, the courtroom case that is in the film is based on a real event: the accusation of murder against william "duff" armstrong, and even though it's largely fictionalized in this film with lots of name changes, it will still have viewers riveted to the screen. this is hollywood's golden age, with drama at it's finest, and henry fonda gives possibly the best lincoln played by anyone.

sure it was well shot and made, very well shot and made! but the story was just so weak. and the portrayal of lincoln was even weaker. not that henry fonda wasn't good but the character he played was nothing but a loon. do you mean to tell me that lincoln was a wise cracking smart ass with no respect of the law or the court. i mean who the hell was he supposed to be? cousin vinnie? i mean come on, "i'll just call you jackass then"???? i understand that ford was going for great funny hero guy but i didn't really like this guy at all. he cheats in sports, talks like a real sweet simpleton and does not seem to know were to sit in a courtroom. how am i supposed to take this seriously.the twist was even weaker. i mean come on! that was just stupid. the whole story seemed like it was thought up by some 5 year old in his or her dreams. saying that i liked it enough, it was very entertaining and made me laugh at several occasions so i can't say it's a bad film. in fact i must say that i must say it's good enough, nothing that entertains me and makes me laugh can be bad but this vivid and silly story was just so ridiculous that i can't understand how anyone could consider it great.i have no idea how historically accurate this film was but if any of it was true i would really have to shake my head.

my what a director's intuition can bring on material that needs just the right nudge in the right directions. young mr. lincoln is filled up with some 'old-fashioned' values, which in retrospect, despite its two-dimensional portrayal, is at least more respectably done than one might see in the pap in current cinema. what makes it work so extremely well as it does, in all its simplicity and grandeur, is that its a truly great courtroom drama in the guise of a history lesson. we all know of abraham lincoln as the 16th president that did the emancipation and after the civil war got assassinated. but as the lawyer in his earlier years he was charismatic, funny in the most unexpected places, and a true gentleman. he's not some superhero that can do no wrong (which was fonda's only apprehension to the part before signing on), but a figure with possible flaws that are surpassed by his innate goodness and clear sight of right and wrong.it's suffice to say that john ford is exceptional as a storyteller almost without trying. actually, it's a lie, he does try, but he makes it sort of effortless in the studio system; he worked in an independent manner while also pleasing simultaneously zanuck, so he was pretty much left alone to his own succinct practices in "editing in camera", and not moving it around so as to not waver far off from the story. it's this strength of conventional wisdom that somehow works hand in hand with the material, as a kind of companion piece to the full-blooded americana in 1939 as seen in mr. smith goes to washington (only here it's the law and not politics). fonda is terrific in the lead- his first with ford- and never lets us loose sight of lincoln past the make-up and extra boost in the shoes. fonda's own personality, in a sense, as it would in grapes of wrath and my darling clementine, comes out in the character of lincoln. however unlikely it might be, there's no one else from this period that could have played him then: he's mature and wise, but has the gumption to prove himself in this case of a convoluted he-saw-that-but-did-she murder case.only in little bits and pieces, like that final shot which superimposes lincoln walking down the road with his monument, and a couple of small instances during that big parade scene early on, seem pretty dated. as far as the goals set out with young mr. lincoln, there were all met by ford and his crew and cast; it's not as hokey as one might think going in, and it's got a strong balance of humor and genuine pathos.

it's remarkable that for 'young mr. lincoln's' supporting players ford cast lesser known, other-than-star actors. this not only heightens his film's focus on the central character of lincoln, but it also affords the audience a refreshing insight into lincoln as a man of his place and time, a man embroiled, as each one of us inexorably is, in the issues and sentiments of his time and seeking his way to resolving them. it's not so much through fonda's lincoln's words and actions but in the faces, the reactions of the supporting players that ford tells the story of the formation of the young lincoln's worldview, sense of place in society and polity, and of how the people responded to mr. lincoln's words and deeds and placed their trust in this man whom they deemed to have earned their respect and heeding.give this a try: instead of focusing on henry fonda, next time you view 'young mr. lincoln' shift your focus to the supporting characters - you will, i expect, be handsomely rewarded with a more profound appreciation of both lincoln and ford. i like to suspect that ford's storytelling through the supporting characters' reactions to fonda's lincoln may have appealed to david lean when he directed omar sharif in 'doctor zhivago', in which it's the supporting characters' reactions to zhivago that actually tell about zhivago.

a somewhat fictionalized biographical portrait of abraham lincoln's early years from director john ford, concentrating primarily on a trial in which the young lawyer defends two brothers accused of murder.the film offers an interesting portrayal of this important american figure and the film is well made, but seems somewhat incomplete without any of the great moments from his presidency or even his debates with stephen douglas. the obvious intent was to portray lincoln as young man developing the attributes that would make him the great man he would become. but the result for me was that while i admired the portrayal it just wasn't as satisfying as i think it could have been with a greater scope.in the role of abraham lincoln we have henry fonda who effectively displays a quiet strength. fonda's performance includes some gangly mannerisms' and other affectations which are fairly effective in presenting a portrayal of lincoln, particularly when combined with some effective makeup and the costuming which occasionally is a bit to overt.the supporting cast is solid and surprisingly does not include that many of ford's regular supporting cast (sometimes referred to as his stock company) but we do have ward bond one of the most prolific character actors in hollywood. bond has appeared in more of the afi top 100 films than any other actor, both the original and revised list. he has also appeared in 11 best picture nominees.the film features one scene that would seem to have inspired a quite similar scene in "to kill a mockingbird", where it would be done even better than it is here, even though that scene is one of the most effective in this film.

in the same tune as his americana drums along the mohawk, john ford captures american history in a way that is fictional yet very believable. henry fonda made three consecutive films in this era with ford and all three are about a certain time and place with emphasis on the setting and the cultural surroundings. in mohawk, pioneer america is in full bloom with americans fending for themselves against indians and other forces. here, ford shows us 19th century america; a time when invention and creativity were beginning to blossom and this nation truly was becoming great. amongst it all was a tall, lanky, young lawyer from illinois named abe lincoln and this film fictionalizes his life as a lawyer, foreshadowing the greatness he would later accomplish.fonda is superb in this movie, capturing the essence of what is considered to be the persona of lincoln, although no one knows exactly what he was like then. the sets and supporting cast also work well together and give a unique balance in ford's picturesque of the american dream and its many forms. this is not a film to be taken literally but rather symbolically, showing that lincoln was indeed warming up for the events in his life that were to creates his legacy. we even get some scenes between him and a young mary todd; and it is hard to see how they did end up together but that is not the point. i believe this is simply a tribute to the greatness of lincoln, widely regarded as the greatest american president. his quiet and straightforward demeanor was rare then and would be today. indeed, our government surely needs more men like him.

the problem with portraying a real life individual is that the performance can be good, but still not work if the audience doesn't believe that the actor is portraying the person. that's the main issue with "young mr. lincoln:" henry fonda gives a terrific performance, but i found it hard to believe that abraham lincoln was as soft-spoken as fonda portrays him.this is essentially a courtroom drama with a young abraham licoln at the forefront. whether or not this was a true story, i don't know, but if it isn't, then why tell it using lincoln as the central character? never mind though. in the film, lincoln is defending two young men who are accused of murder.there's really not much to the film, and as a result, it seems rather empty. i wanted more story and character development. the film is 100 minutes long, but it doesn't feel like it. there are some little scenes featuring lincoln and the blooming relationship with mary todd, but they seem superficial.the acting is good all around, but as i said, fonda's performance works as a character, but not abraham lincoln. i just don't believe that the real lincoln was that soft-spoken. true, he has a big voice when he needs to, such as when he persuades a drunken lynch mob to let the accused stand trial, but fonda portrays lincoln too meekly. the other performances are solid though, especially alice brady as abigail clay, the mother of the accused. she's a nice lady who we can really feel for. simple and uneducated, yet very sweet; we can see why lincoln wanted to help her.john ford seems to think of this film as an epic, and at the time of its release, it probably was. but even then, there's just not enough material to present it as such.it's a nice watch, but not a classic.

young mr.lincoln is a poetic,beautiful film that captures the myth of one of the most revered figures in american history. henry fonda had the difficult task of portraying a mythical figure and at the same time make him human enough for people to care about. it is perhaps the actors best performance.watch how he singlehandedly stops a lynching-mob.alice brady is fantastic in the role of a simple farmer woman.most of the last part of the film plays out in a courtroom,and there lies the only negative thing i can say about this movie.most of the characters from judge to spectators are given so many folksy humorously lines that distracts from the serious trial that is on hand.but i'm quite used to this because the humor is a ford trademark. supporting parts by ward bond and donald meek are very good.

the basic hook here is: lincoln is slow. it is his slowness that represents his thoughtfulness and deliberation, making him a great leader who is here engaged in single-handedly civilizing the american frontier through the grand instrument of law. all that john ford hooey and more, including one lurking slave and extraneous death by injun. however! the 'slow' conceit is also at the center of one brilliant piece of movie-making, funny and moving at extremes. the history may be bunk, but the telling of it suggests a view of history as process that inspires some excitingly true-seeming moments. check out henry fonda's big introductory stroll across the deck, his shockingly beautiful second visit with his girl by the river, his dalliance with mary todd on the porch, and the priceless business that follows 'ma'am, we've got to hurry!' things do thin out once we settle into the big courtroom drama; but fonda is priceless throughout.

this is an evocative and idealized portrait of the early life of lincoln(born 1809 hodgensville-kentucky- and died in washington 1865). ford's excellent movie takes abraham lincoln(fonda) from his youth. he studied laws, common law and began practice as lawyer in 1837.this hollywood biography follows lincoln from his log-cabin days, initial relationship to mary todd(weaver), following the couple from their first ball,and his departure for congress candidate. but focuses mainly on a brothers(richard cromwell,eddie quillan) accused for murder, the posterior trial with amusing court debate scenes and the protection for their mum(alice brady). the lincoln-fonda as defender advocate and donald meek-prosecutor are nothing short of brilliant.excellent performance from henry fonda as idealistic,traveller springfield solicitor , he was to star regularly for ford from this movie, as ¨grapes of wrath,my darling clementine, and fort apache¨. besides sterling acting by alice brady as grieved mother, she was a great actress from the silent cinema, but this one results to be her last movie because she early died from cancer.the lincoln's deeds developing make for skilfully appealing entertaining.his portrayal shows a nostalgic longing for things past and old values and describes his goodness,uprightness and willful. lincoln, like john ford, was a straightforward man who never varied the ideals of his youth.this american masterpiece is correct on both counts, as splendid biography and as magnificent drama.another biographies about abraham lincoln are the following: 1) ¨abraham lincoln¨(1930) by d.w.griffith with walter huston, una merkel, talking from his birth until his assassination; 2) ¨abe lincoln in illinois¨(1940)by john cromwell with raymond massey, ruth gordon, concerning similar events to ford's film through his career as lawyer 3)tv version titled ¨gore vidal's lincoln¨ with sam waterston and mary tyler moore as mary todd.

the early career of abe lincoln is beautifully presented by ford. not that anyone alive has seen footage of the real lincoln, but fonda, wearing a fake nose, is uncanny as lincoln, with the voice, delivery, walk, and other mannerisms - exactly as one would imagine lincoln to have been. ford, in the first of three consecutive films he made with fonda, is at the top of his form, perfectly evoking early 19th century america. the story focuses on a pair accused of murder that lincoln defends and the courtroom scenes are quite well done. the supporting cast includes many of ford's regulars. this was alice brady's last film, as she died months after its release.

henry fonda brilliantly captures what we have long believed abraham lincoln was like. it is a fooler. through fonda's performance we are led to believe (on the surface) that abraham lincoln was a country bumpkin. but, through his confrontation with the lynch mob and especially during the court proceedings, you can see that beneath the exterior posturings is a brilliant man who has a very good command of what is going on around him and how to influence the people around him. in this movie henry fonda shows that he has a very good grasp of how to present humor. it is an aspect of him that has been lost over the years. when he is telling stories and jokes he has the timing down perfect. there is a sequence in the trial that had me laughing quite hard. he shows this gift again in the lady eve in 1940.the ending by john ford is absolutely brilliant with henry fonda going to the top of a hill and in the distance a tremendous storm symbolic of the civil war. he goes forward into history. the movie is fiction but the insight into lincoln is tremendous. definitely worth seeing again.

according to john ford's lyrically shot, fictional biopic of abraham lincoln's life his greatest faults may have been an obtuseness with woman and an ability to dance in "the worst way." ford's camera has only praising views to reveal of mr. lincoln's early life. but for what the film lacks in character complexities it makes up for in beauty and depth of vision. uncharacteristically beautiful compositions of early film, what could have been a series of gorgeous still frames, ford has a unique eye for telling a story. the film sings of the life of a hopeful young man. henry fonda plays the contemplative and spontaneously clever lincoln to a tee, one of his best roles.the film concerns two young men, brothers, on trial for a murder that both claim to have committed. in classic angry mob style, the town decides to take justice into their own hands and lynch the pair of them, until honest abe steps into the fray. he charms them with his humor, telling them not to rob him of his first big case, and that they are as good as lynched with him as the boys lawyer. what follows seems to become the outline for all courtroom- murder-dramas thereafter, as abe cunningly interrogates witnesses to the delight and humor of the judge, jury and town before he stumbles upon the missing links.the film plays out like many john ford movies do: a tablespoon of americana, a dash of moderate predictability, a hint of sarcasm that you aren't sure if you put in the recipe or if ford did it himself. despite the overtly 'hollywood' feel of the film, and overly patriotic banter alluding to lincoln's future presidency, the film is entirely enjoyable and enjoyably well constructed, if you can take your drama with a grain of salt.

this film was not only one of john ford's own personal favorites but also numbered directors sergei m. eisenstein and bertrand tavernier among its high-profile admirers. ironically, i've just caught up with it myself via criterion's recent 2-disc set after missing out on a couple of original language screenings of it on italian tv many years ago and again a few times on tv while in hollywood! the film marked ford's first of nine collaborations with henry fonda and is also a quintessential example of ford's folksy americana vein. a beautifully made and pictorially quite poetic piece of work, the courtroom sequences (and eventual revelation) in its second half still pack quite a wallop, apart from giving stalwart character actor donald meek a memorably meaty role as the prosecuting attorney.fonda is, of course, perfectly cast as a bashful, inexperienced but rigorous and humanistic lawyer who was destined to become president; fonda would go on to portray other fictitious politicians on film - most notably in franklin j. schaffner's the best man (1964) and sidney lumet's fail-safe (1964) - and it's surprising now to learn that he was reluctant at the time about accepting the role of lincoln since, in his view, that was "like playing god"! it is interesting to note here that ford had previously tackled abraham lincoln (tangentially) in the prisoner of shark island (1936), a superb but perhaps little-known gem which has, luckily, just been released as a special edition dvd by the uk's veritable criterion stand-in, eureka's "masters of cinema" label. besides, i also have two more abraham lincoln films in my dvd collection which i've yet to watch and, incidentally, both were directed by d. w. griffith - the birth of a nation (1915) and abraham lincoln (1930) - and, had i not just received a bunch of films i've never watched before just now, i would have gladly given them a spin based on my highly-satisfying viewing experience with young mr. lincoln.

young mr. lincoln marks the first film of the director/star collaboration of john ford and henry fonda. i recall years ago fonda telling that as a young actor he was understandably nervous about playing abraham lincoln and scared he wouldn't live up to the challenge.john ford before the shooting starts put him at ease by saying he wasn't going to be playing the great emancipator, but just a jack-leg prairie lawyer. that being settled fonda headed a cast that john ford directed into a classic film.this is not a biographical film of lincoln. that had come before in the sound era with walter huston and a year after young mr. lincoln, raymond massey did the pulitzer prize winning play by robert sherwood abe lincoln in illinois. massey still remains the definitive lincoln.but as ford said, fonda wasn't playing the great emancipator just a small town lawyer in illinois. the film encompasses about 10 years of lincoln's early life. we see him clerking in a general store, getting some law books from an immigrant pioneer family whose path he would cross again later in the story. and his romance with ann rutledge with her early death leaving lincoln a most melancholy being.fast forward about 10 years and lincoln is now a practicing attorney beginning to get some notice. he's served a couple of terms in the legislature, but he's back in private practice not really sure if politics is for him.this is where the bulk of the action takes place. the two sons of that family he'd gotten the law books from way back when are accused of murder. he offers to defend them. and not an ordinary murder but one of a deputy sheriff. the trial itself is fiction, but the gambit used in the defense of richard cromwell and eddie quillan who played the two sons is based on a real case lincoln defended. i'll say no more.other than the performances, the great strength of young mr. lincoln is the way john ford captures the mood and atmosphere and setting of a small illinois prairie town in a fourth of july celebration. it's almost like you're watching a newsreel. and it was the mood of the country itself, young, vibrant and growing.fans of john ford films will recognize two musical themes here that were repeated in later films. during the romantic interlude at the beginning with fonda and pauline moore who played ann rutledge the music in the background is the same theme used in the man who shot liberty valance for vera miles. and at a dance, the tune lovely susan brown that fonda and marjorie weaver who plays mary todd is the same one fonda danced with cathy downs to, in my darling clementine at the dance for the raising of a church in tombstone. lincoln will forever be a favorite subject of biographers and dramatists because of two reasons, i believe. the first is he's the living embodiment of our own american mythology about people rising from the very bottom to the pinnacle of power through their own efforts. in fact young mr. lincoln very graphically shows the background lincoln came from. and secondly the fact that he was our president during the greatest crisis in american history and that he made a singularly good and moral decision to free slaves during the civil war, albeit for some necessary political reasons. his assassination assured his place in history.besides fonda and others i've mentioned special praise should also go to fred kohler, jr. and ward bond, the two town louts, kohler being the murder victim and bond the chief accuser. also donald meek as the prosecuting attorney and alice brady in what turned out to be her last film as the pioneer mother of cromwell and quillan. and a very nice performance by spencer charters who specialized in rustic characters as the judge.for a film that captures the drama and romance of the time it's set in, you can't do better than young mr. lincoln.

1939 is universally accepted as the greatest year in hollywood history, with more classic films released than in any other, and john ford directed three of the best, "stagecoach", "drums along the mohawk", and this beautiful homage to frontier days and a young backwoods lawyer destined to eventually save the union, "young mr. lincoln".with the world plunging into a war that america dreaded, but knew it would be drawn into, abraham lincoln was much on people's minds, in 1939, as someone who had faced the same dilemma in his own life, and had triumphed. on broadway, robert e. sherwood's award-winning "abe lincoln in illinois", with raymond massey's physically dead-on portrayal, was playing to packed houses (it would be filmed in 1940). carl sandburg's continuation of his epic biography, "abraham lincoln: the war years", was published, and quickly became a best seller. president roosevelt frequently referred to lincoln in speeches, and the lincoln memorial, in washington, d.c., became the most popular landmark in town (a fact that frank capra made good use of, in "mr. smith goes to washington").all this was not lost on darryl f. zanuck, at 20th century fox; as soon as he read lamar trotti's screenplay of lincoln's early days as a lawyer, he designated it a 'prestige' production, and assigned john ford to direct, and henry fonda, to star.fonda did not want to play lincoln; he felt he couldn't do justice to the 'great emancipator', and feared a bad performance would damage his career. even a filmed make-up test, in which he was stunned by how much he would resemble lincoln, wouldn't change his mind. according to fonda, john ford, whom he'd never worked with, cussed him out royally, at their first meeting, and explained he wasn't portraying the lincoln of legend, but a young "jackanape" country lawyer facing his first murder trial. humbled, fonda took the role. (john ford offered a different scenario of the events, but the outcome was the same!) obviously, they found a chemistry together that worked, as nearly all of their pairings would produce 'classics'.unlike the introverted, melancholia-racked lincoln of "abe lincoln in illinois", ford's vision was that of a shy but likable young attorney, who made friends easily, and misses the mother he lost, too young (resulting in a bond with a pioneer mother that becomes a vital part of the story). injustice riles him, and he speaks 'common sense' to quell violence, interlaced with doses of humor. both productions play on lincoln's (undocumented) relationship with ann rutledge; in ford's version, the pair are truly in love, and committed to each other. after her death, lincoln would frequently visit her grave, to share his life with her 'spirit' (a theme ford would continue in "she wore a yellow ribbon").a murder trial is the centerpiece of the film, and shows the prodigious talents of the star and director. fonda deftly portrays lincoln's inexperience, yet earnest belief in justice tempered with mercy, and ford emphasizes the gulf between the big-city 'intellectuals' (represented by pompous d.a. donald meek, and his slick 'advisor', stephen douglas, played by a young milburn stone), and the informal, rule-bending country sense of lincoln. with ford 'regular' ward bond as a key witness, the trial is both unconventional, and riveting.with the film closing as lincoln strides away into the stormy distance, and his destiny (dissolving into a view of the statue at the lincoln memorial), audiences could take comfort in the film's message that if a cause is just, good would ultimately triumph."young mr. lincoln" is a truly remarkable film, from an amazing year!

in his otherwise excellent book, lincoln in american memory, the historian merrill peterson calls young mr.lincoln a "boring, dreadful, film". this amazingly wrongheaded analysis simply proves that great historians are rarely fine film critics. i am working on a doctoral dissertation on abraham lincoln and frederick douglass. as part of my preparation for writing the dissertation, i made a careful analysis of this film, and of tag gallaghers brilliant interpretation of it in his seminal book on ford. young mr. lincoln comes out that culminating year of the first phase of ford's cinematic authorship, 1939.in that greatest of hollywood years, ford directed three superb, still not fully appreciated films: drums along the mohawk, stagecoach,and young mr.lincoln. it might seem odd to say that stagecoach is not fully appreciated, all but the most purblind of critics must perceive that it is one of of the greatest westerns, and perhaps even one of the hundred greatest films of all time. however, what is not fully appreciated is that these three films work together as a kind of trilogy-a triptych, in fact. ford is creating a sort of mythic history of america on screen. drums along the mohawk is the revolutionary war. young mr.lincoln is pre-civil war america.finally, stagecoach is post civil war america. what the three films have in common is that they are an extended meditation on the american adam and his "errand into the wilderness". what are the psychic and social costs of american manifest destiny, as america strives to build a new human city in the wilderness?lincoln symbolizes americas journey, as he seeks to reconcile the civilizational inmpulse (law), with the freedom of the wilderness.young mr.lincoln is not history, ( it is full of historical "howlers'-as both ford and trotti were well aware), but myth. this is lincoln, the symbol of justice and mercy, lincoln, the man of the wilderness, striving to found a civilization within himself, and to become the "remarkable lawgiver' of young america. young mr. lincoln is not history-like james agee's long forgotten teleplay about lincoln, and like sandburgs biography, it is an epic poem...a very beautiful epic poem.

sure this movie is not historically accurate but it is great entertainment. most demille pictures especially the later epics are slow and plodding but the action here moves at a clip. the story is basically a series of peaks with very little quiet moments. the action takes us from an indian raid on a cabin; one of the best parts of the movie with jean arthur excellent while attempting to appease the war-painted natives. this is followed by her and cooper being taken to the war camp and being tortured. later comes a protracted battle with the cheyenne. the whole thing is ridiculous but great fun and entertaining from start to finish. jean arthur is one of the best actresses of this era and she shines here.

cecil b. demille really knew how to create a classic, and after 7 decades his western comes across as the real mccoy, engrossing, entertaining, spectacular; in no way outdated.as a real fan of tv's deadwood, i'll tell you the performances of gary cooper as wild bill hickock and jean arthor as calamity jane are far more on-target.we don't have any giants in hollywood anymore. plainsman is just one of dozens of classics from the 1936-1945 decade that have seen enduring commercial life decade after decade: released, re-issued, re-issued all over again. filmmakers like today's spielberg, jackson, bruckheimer are like kids playing in a sandbox. none of today's movies will be sought out in 7 months let alone 70 years.

the master of movie spectacle cecil b. de mille goes west. using three legends of the old west as its protagonists (they probably never met),gary cooper is portraying wild bill hickock,james ellison as buffalo bill and jean arthur does make a nice calamity jane. the story serves only for de mille to hang some marvelous action sequences on, like the big indian attack.scenes like that are extremely well done.if you don't mind the somewhat over-the-top performances of the cast this is an very entertaining western.look out for a very young anthony quinn essaying the role of an indian brave who participated at the battle of little big horn.this part got him at least noticed in hollywood.

the plainsman is an entertaining western, no doubt a classic, which is actual even today. gary cooper is wild bill hickok, ideal for the role, together with john wayne and james stewart, they were the best actors that played western heroes in their generation. jean arthur is great as calamity jane, nobody that i know played it better than her. even if might not be historically accurate, the film manages to capture the most important about hickok and about the time it takes place. sometimes you have to sacrifice history to make your point and that is what demille does here. the friendship of hickok with buffalo bill, the selling of rifles to the indians by a great manufacturer to compensate for the losses he would have because of the end of the civil war, custer and little big horn, the uneasy relationship between buffalo bill's wife, a religious woman, with hickok a man who had killed plenty, also the unusual love affair between hickok and calamity all this makes 'the plainsman' a non conventional and interesting film. anthony quinn has a very short appearance, that already shows what a great actor he was going to become. a lot of care was taken to show the original guns of that time.

this movie has wild bill hickok, calamity jane, buffalo bill and general custer all together. gary cooper plays wild bill and jean arthur plays calamity jane and charles bickford plays the bad guy who sells weapons to the indians and you can hardly recognize him. this was the first time cecil b. demille and gary cooper worked together and the next movie the made was basically the same but set in a different time. this movie starts out with lincoln's assassination and it also deals with an indian war. calamity jane is in love with wild bill and buffalo bill has gotten married and now wants to stay home. this movie also deals with custer's last stand and is far from accurate. gary cooper is good as usual and i usually don't like jean arthur but i liked her here.

this a rip roaring western and i have watched it many times and it entertains on every level.however if your after the true facts about such legends as hickcock,cody and calamity jane then look elsewhere, as john ford suggested this is the west when the truth becomes legend print the legend.the story moves with a cracking pace, and there is some great dialogue between gary cooper and jean arthur two very watchable stars who help to make this movie.the sharp eyed amongst you might just spot gabby hayes as an indian scout, also there is a very young anthony quinn making his debut as cayenne warrior, he actually married one of demilles daughters in real life.indeed its quinns character who informs cooper of the massacre of custer told in flash back, the finale is well done and when the credits roll it fuses the american west with american history.so please take time out to watch this classic western.

this cecil b. demille epic of the old west contains what may be jean arthur's finest performance, as a hysterical, eccentric, incurably amoral, but devotedly doting calamity jane. she really pulled it off! gary cooper is at his most taciturn, but manages some occasional pithy sayings: 'the plains are big, but trails cross ... sometimes.' the story is a pastiche to end all pastiches. all the cowboy heroes of western lore seem to be in there somehow except for jesse james. even abraham lincoln opens the story in person (or at least, demille would have us believe so). there is no room for anything so evanescent as subtlety, this is a 'stomp 'em in the face' tale for the masses. a remarkable thing about this film however is that it is a very early full frontal attack on what eisenhower was eventually to name 'the military industrial complex'. it isn't just a story about gun-runners, but about arming anyone for money, and doing so from the heart of washington. but let's not get into politics, let's leave that to demille, who can be guaranteed to be superficial. the chief interest of this film all these years later is that it uses the first film score composed by george antheil, who has a lot to say about the job in his autobiography, 'bad boy of music'. antheil seems to have originated 'the big sound' adopted by all subsequent westerns, whereby the plains sing out with the voices and sounds of countless cowboys in the sky, celebrating the open spaces and interweaving common melodies. that is why it does not sound at all unusual, because we have heard it a thousand times. but he seems to have been the first to summon up the combined rustlings of all the sage brush into this symphony of the open skies which has entered into american mythic lore, and given it a soundtrack which has never varied since then, corny as it may be, but doubtless appropriate. it is amusing to see anthony quinn in an early appearance as a cheyenne indian. gabby hayes is in there somewhere, but you miss him in the crowd. gary cooper overtops them all, looming large, - but when did he ever loom small?

this film provides the saga of a legendary wild bill hickock. he, buffalo bill cody, and calamity jane, are the central characters.as the civil war closes, lincoln mentions his concern that the country's dynamism would be enhanced if people would follow the advice, "go west, young man," which, mercifully, the film didn't erroneously attribute to horace greeley, as a number of others did. but then, he gets assassinated, and some financiers speculate that they can get rich selling weapons to the american indians.in the meantime, we see wild bill hickock, who interacts with a small boy, while a steamboat is loading at a dock along the mississippi. wild bill uses a bowie knife, which he eventually gives to the boy, calling it an "arkansas toothpick," which in reality was a different type of knife, though both were used throughout the frontier.hickock eventually meets buffalo bill cody, who looks close to the photographs and paintings of the actual man. cody has just gotten married, and is bringing his bride to the old west to settle down.when they arrive at their destination, they run into calamity jane, who has a crush on hickock. she looks at cody's wife, and asks buffalo bill, "is this your mopsy?" the line was one that caused the hayes board some problem, since one definition of "mopsy" was prostitute. demille wanted the line in, and one of his aides pointed out that in beatrix potter's books about peter rabbit, three of the rabbits were flopsy, mopsy, and cottontail. he pointed this out and asked the censors to identify "the rabbit of ill virtue." it worked; the line stayed in.the indians were getting restless, in part because of the superior weaponry they got from the agent of the eastern financiers. cody and hickock were asked to help scout the area, so that troops could get safely through to a beleaguered area. cody led the troops; hickock went to check out the activities of an indian chief, who was an old acquaintance, and who was leading some of the hostile indians.calamity jane gets captured, and hickock gets captured trying to save her. they are brought to the chief, and although neither would talk, torture applied to hickock breaks calamity jane's willpower, and she tells the route cody is using.the two are released, and hickock joins up with cody and his forces, in part to alert them they're walking into a trap. with hickok's help, they hold off the indian attack.hickock decides to go after the gun runners, and finally takes them prisoner. as they're waiting for authorities, hickock is gunned down by being shot in the back while playing cards.there are numerous historic anomalies in the film, but it retains the flavor of legend. pretty good for the 1930s.

after the failure of "the crusades" at the box office, cecil b. demille stopped doing films about non-american history. his films for the next thirteen years were about our history from jean lafitte to world war ii (dr. wassell). the first in order of production was this film, starring gary cooper as wild bill hickok, with jean arthur as calamity jane. james ellison was buffalo bill, john miljan (not a villain as usual) was general george a. custer, and anthony quinn was one of the indians who fought at little big horn. the villains were led by charles bickford (selling arms to the indians) and porter hall as jack mccall (who killed wild bill hickok).basically the film takes up the history of the u.s. after the civil war. lincoln is shown at the start talking about what is the next step now that lee has surrendered. lincoln talks about the need to secure the west (more about this point later). then he announces he has to go to the theater. that april 14th must have been very busy for abe - in "virginia city" he grants a pardon to errol flynn at the request of miriam hopkins on the same date.actually, while lincoln was concerned about the west, his immediate thoughts on the last day of his presidency were about reunifying the former confederate states and it's citizens into the union as soon as possible. it was reconstruction that occupied his attention, not the west (except for the problems of maximillian and his french controlled forces in mexico against juarez). but he had been involved in actual problems with the west. in 1862 he sent disgraced general john pope, the loser at second manassas, to minnesota to put down a serious indian war by the sioux (the subject of mckinley kantor's novel, "sprit lake". pope, incompetent against lee and jackson, turned out to be quite effective here, and the revolt was smashed.however, with all lincoln's actual attention to western problems, it is doubtful that he says (as cooper repeats at least once), "the frontier should be secure." there is nothing to say he could not have said it, but it is hardly a profound pronouncement by a leading statesman. like saying, teddy roosevelt said, "eat a good breakfast every morning for your health." it is not a profound statement of policy. it is, at best, a statement of recognizable fact. cooper turning it into a minor mantra, like lincoln's version of the monroe doctrine, is ridiculous...typical of the way demille's scripts have really bad errors of common sense in them.however, this is not a ruinous mistake. "the plainsman" is an adventure film, and as such it has the full benefit of demille the film creator of spectacle. as such it is well worth watching. but not as a textbook on lincoln's political ideas or his quotable legacy.

"the plainsman" represents the directorial prowess of cecil b. demille at its most inaccurate and un-factual. it sets up parallel plots for no less stellar an entourage than wild bill hickok (gary cooper), buffalo bill cody (james ellison), calamity jane (jean arthur), george armstrong custer and abraham lincoln to interact, even though in reality lincoln was already dead at the time the story takes place. every once in a while demille floats dangerously close toward the truth, but just as easily veers away from it into unabashed spectacle and showmanship. the film is an attempt to buttress custer's last stand with a heap of fiction that is only loosely based on the lives of people, who were already the product of manufactured stuffs and legends. truly, this is the world according to demille - a zeitgeist in the annals of entertainment, but a pretty campy relic by today's standards.transfer: considering the vintage of the film, this is a moderately appealing transfer, with often clean whites and extremely solid blacks. there's a considerable amount of film grain in some scenes and an absence of it at other moments. all in all, the image quality is therefore somewhat inconsistent, but it is never all bad or all good – just a bit better than middle of the road. age related artifacts are kept to a minimum and digital anomalies do not distract. the audio is mono but nicely balanced.extras: forget it. it's universal! bottom line: as pseudo-history painted on celluloid, this western is compelling and fun. just take its characters and story with a grain of salt – in some cases – a whole box seems more appropriate!

i had never heard of robert roy macgregor before "rob roy" came out, but the movie is definitely worth seeing. playing the title character, liam neeson brings the same spirit to the role that he brought to oskar schindler, and jessica lange also does a really good job as his wife mary. archibald cunningham (tim roth) is one person very likely to make your skin crawl.all in all, this comes out as good as "braveheart" (maybe even better). i laugh when i think of how hollywood released two movies almost back-to-back taking a swipe at england. very good. also starring john hurt, eric stoltz, brian cox and jason flemyng.

i first saw rob roy twelve years ago. with little money for entertainment, i rented it for my fiancé and i to watch on a bone chilling winter's night. the movie i had wanted was gone, so i rented this instead, not expecting much, and was very much surprised with how good it was. i just recently watched it again, and loved it every bit as much as the first time. for those unfamiliar with the story, it's about scottish outlaw robert roy macgregor, a cattleman and folk hero. from the little i know about the man and his story, liberties have been taken with the facts, but it's a movie, not a textbook, and so the filmmakers can be excused. basically, the plot of the movie is that rob roy borrows money from the marquis of montrose to buy cattle which he then intends to sell and reap a large profit from. but, his plan is foiled when the friend entrusted with the money is robbed of the cash and murdered in the forest. our hero finds himself on the run after failing to settle the matter with the marquis, and mary, his wife, suffers a sadistic rape at the hands of archibald cunningham, a smarmy englishman with no soul. atrocities ensue, until, in an immensely satisfying conclusion, rob carves archibald up like a christmas turkey. there are many great performances in this movie, but allow me to touch specifically on a few. liam neeson, as usual, is fantastic, a sexy beast you can't take your eyes off of. honestly, this man is like ice cream: even when he's bad he's good. his rob roy is an honourable man struggling to provide for those who depend on him, in the best way he knows how. jessica lange, as mary, gives this woman a fierceness which is a nice change from the simpering, dull movie wives audiences are usually forced to endure. you just know she doesn't take any b.s from rob, or anyone else for that matter. tim roth is completely over the top with his portrayal of the evil archibald, yet somehow, it works. all the posturing and preening, combined with some wicked dialogue, result in one of the most memorable movie villains in recent memory. combine all of this, and the stellar work by other supporting players, with the luscious scenery of scotland, and you have what amounts to one really, really cool movie. if you haven't seen this, i highly recommend that you do.

the year 1995, when so many people talked about the great premiere of braveheart by mel gibson, also saw another very fine, yet underrated movie on scottish history, rob roy. although it is a very different film, especially due to the historical period the story is set in, rob roy has much in common not only with marvelous braveheart but also with the very spirit of epic movies.it is a film that discusses similar themes, like fight for dignity, courage, honor, revenge, family being a key to happiness. it also leads us to the very bliss of scottish highlands where the human soul finds its rest being surrounded by all grandeur of nature. robert roy macgregor (liam neeson), the main character is a true hero (so universal in epics), sort of "scottish robin hood" who struggles to lead his people out of oppression imposed by cold hearted lords. although he worsens his situation through the acts, has to suffer a lot, two things stay in his mind undeniably: honor that he is given by himself and love to his woman, mary macgregor (jessica lange). that leads him to unexpected events...except for the interesting content and quite vivid action, the movie is filled with truly stunning visuals. this factor has to do both with the sets and locations of the film as well as the wardrobe. many memorable moments stay in the mind of any viewer who can allow themselves an insight into artistic images. for me, the most splendid scene was in the highlands when rob roy tells his boys what honor really means. then, he sends them away and beautifully makes love to his woman. the scene he escapes marguis of montrose (john hurt) to the waterfall is also worth a look as a stunning visual. of course, there is some graphic violence, like in the duel for instance, but i don't think that this violence would be as harmful as in many other modern films. its justification is like any other epic's: bloodshed and cruelty of those times were really serious and there would be no point in hiding it. the most disturbing scene, for me, was the rape done on rob roy's wife by the villain of the story: archibald cunningham (tim roth). it's truly disgusting and kids should definitely stay away. however, all the rest is o.k. yet, there is one aspect that made me really love this movie, the performances.all the cast do perfect jobs, from the leading lian neeson who fits very well to the role of tall, brave, strong scottish man to the supporting cast of brian cox who portrays wicked killearn, a silent witness of terrible acts who feels comfortable with the evil of war. jessica lange is very fine as mary macgregor and has some of the most beautiful moments in the film. there is chemistry between ms lange and mr neeson in many of their scenes. john hurt, one of the best british actors, does a terrific job as marguis of montrose, a corrupted man for whom money is the aim in itself achieved by any means. i like that calmness of his portrayal. but the real villain is played by tim roth who truly depicts wretched side of his character, archibald - a man who mocks love, who loves war and who finds true lust in rape and slaughter. but, like in any good epic, this exceptional evil must find its end...and one more aspect: the musical score: such memorable and sentimental tunes that are bound to sound in the ears for long. the final moment touched me to tears not only because of the beauty it conveys but because i deeply combined these blissful tunes with the grandeur of locations. scotland remains in the heart of its visitor and this movie reminded me of that permanent effect. it was, as if, my second journey to scotland.rob roy is a very nice movie, very well directed, photographed and acted. it perhaps does not equal braveheart with its spectacular sets and crowds of extras in battle scenes, but it is a fairly long film with much attention placed on one very significant feature a cinema should have: stunning entertainment combined with heartfelt education. i really enjoyed that film, do not hesitate to call it metaphorically "highlands of entertainment" and rate it 9/10

i haven't seen this film in years so my knowledge is a little rusty. i do remember thinking that this film is twice the film of braveheart. it is simply more realistic and has more believable characters. ridb roy looks like one would imagine rob roy to look like, messy hair and beard with simple clothing. also the liam nesson has a celtic look about him, he looks like a scot and more importantly looks like rob roy. it's a comparison which angers some people but compare him to mel gibson as william wallace. gibson is supposedly playing a man who's legend has caused him to be described as a 6 foot 7 giant while gibson is almost a foot shorter. the story contains a little romance, conspiracy and an underdog story. sound anything like braveheart? but instead of a film that cries out "freedom", liberty and nationalism we get a film which says honour, love and justice. this makes it a more interesting film. much like gladiator. the cast is fantastic and liam nesson is a very strong leader in this endeavour. the story is great with how it deals with heroism and humanity. the scene where mary is raped and she walks out of the burning house with a look of true scottish strength is followed by her washing the semen from her crotch in an extreme panic. this is something a heroine in braveheart would never do. overall this is a stunning and almost flawless watch. go and see it!

this is a very exciting and romantic film. i have seen it several times and never get bored with it. everything is realistic and it is a good plot. the actors are excellent liam neeson, jessica lange, tim roth and brian cox.i actually prefer this film to braveheart as braveheart contain so many historical misstakes. there is many exciting scenes - watch out for the bridge scen and the last fencing scene. this is really good and surprising scenes.the music are lovely...it really suits to the movie. the setting is amazing.

i loved this movie. the scenery was breathtaking, the plot had some nice twists and turns, and the characters were well rounded. on two fronts, however, "rob roy" scored far above average. first, i have rarely seen a "popular" film in which the quality of dialogue was so high. there were many verbal slashes and thrusts to accompany the brilliantly choreographed swordplay. i could give numerous examples, but why should i? just watch the film. second, this movie understood a principle rarely acknowledged any more. for a drama to succeed, it needs not only a hero, but a really believable villain. if you don't have one, there's not much joy in rooting for the good guys. and "rob roy" has not one, but three--the earl of montrose, his henchman kilairn, and archie. not one-dimensional villains, either, but fully fleshed and very nasty. it takes a bit more patience than "braveheart"--there's more dialogue, and the accents are a bit tough, but it's a much more clever and subtle piece. (as i said, i loved this movie!)

a very engaging, intelligent, and well-made film. liam neeson and tim roth play their roles superbly. the cinematography is outstanding. the fight scenes are amazing. this is a film i will enjoy watching again and again. one of my favorites.

when braveheart first came out, i was enthralled, and was admittedly one of the most rabid fans of the film. when rob roy came out, i was intrigued, and although i enjoyed the film i did not think it was a great film. however, as time has gone by, my appreciation for rob roy has grown, and my enthusiasm for braveheart has diminished. braveheart is great entertainment, to be sure, but there are flaws as well. the most significant, in my view, is the unflattering portrayal of robert the bruce, who was without a doubt scotland's greatest king. another is the historical inaccuracy of the film, which tarnishes the film in proportion to the many historical distortions. i think i am also bothered by the fact that it was in this film, seen only (at least by me) in retrospect, that the beginnings of mel gibson's egomania can be seen clearly for the first time. in contrast, rob roy has grown on me over the years. partly because it largely avoids the faults i mind most in braveheart. but also because rob roy is like fine wine, growing more mature and complex with each viewing.

rob roy is and underrated epic of passion and action!some mild spoilers within. liam neeson gives a towering performance as rob roy macgregor,one of the best in his career.jessica lange is letter-perfect as his wife mary.they have the most passion and chemistry i've seen in a screen couple.john hurt gives his best snotty aristocrat performance.tim roth portrays one of the great screen villains.his rape of mary is repugnant and harrowing.he really is a magnificent bastard in this movie.the final duel between rob and cunningham is one of the best swordfights ever.well scripted ans scored,and michael caton-jones direction is flawless. 10 out of 10.

i question anyone saying they don't care for this movie. some reviewers have said it didn't have enough action, some said it was too long, etc. don't listen to them!!! if you like shawshank redemption and/or braveheart, you will definitely love this movie!the acting performances are superb! tim roth, john hurt and jessica lang are allsuperb and liam neeson does an admarible job and is a very imposing character because of his size. the cinemaphotography was brilliant and breathtaking. it is onw of the few movies i have seen in my life (along with shawshank) that was virtually flawless from casting, directing, writing, acting, etc.!!!i was amazed this wasn't in the top 50 or 100 movies reviewed. i felt so passionately about it that i just registered with imdb so i could let everyone know the real scoop. i have seen this movie about 10 times (each time with a different person) and everyone has loved it! you must be awake and pay attention carefully for the first 30 minutes because they introduce quite a few characters in the beginning. if you have the attention span longer than most of these juvenille kids writing reviews for the movies on this site, than you will love this movie! come on...all 3 lord of the rings movies in the top 9 and the matrix at #32?!?! that should show you the age range of most reviewers here!this is a top 50 movie!!!

to bad for this fine film that it had to be released the same year as braveheart. though it is a very different kind of film, the conflict between scottish commoners and english nobility is front and center here as well. roughly 400 years had passed between the time braveheart took place and rob roy was set, but some things never seemed to change. scottland is still run by english nobles, and the highlanders never can seem to catch a break when dealing with them. rob roy is handsomely done, but not the grand epic that braveheart was. there are no large-scale battles, and the conflict here is more between individuals. and helpfully so not all englishmen are portrayed as evil this time. rob roy is simply a film about those with honor, and those who are truly evil.liam neeson plays the title character rob roy macgregor. he is the leader of the macgregor clan and his basic function is to tend to and protect the cattle of the local nobleman of record known as the marquis of montrose (john hurt). things look pretty rough for the macgregor clan as winter is approaching, and there seems to be a lack of food for everyone. rob roy puts together a plan to borrow 1000 pounds from the marquis and purchase some cattle of his own. he would then sell them off for a higher price and use the money to improve the general well-being of his community. sounds fair enough, doesn't it? problems arise when two cronies of the marquis steal the money for themselves. one of them, known as archibald cunningham, is perhaps the most evil character ever put on film. played wonderfully by tim roth, this man is a penniless would-be noble who has been sent to live with the marquis by his mother. this man is disgustingly effeminate, rude, heartless, and very dangerous with a sword. he fathers a child with a hand maiden and refuses to own up to the responsibility. he rapes macgregor's wife and burns him out of his home. this guy is truly as rotten as movie characters come. along with another crony of the marquis (brian cox) cunningham steals the money and uses it to settle his own debts. though it is painfully obvious to most people what happened, the marquis still holds macgregor to the debt. this sets up conflict that will take many lives and challenge the strengths of a man simply fighting to hold on to his dignity.spoilers ahead!!!!!luckily for the macgregor's, a duke who is no friend to the marquis sets up a final duel between rob roy and cunningham to resolve the conflict one and for all. this sword fight has been considered by many to be one of the best ever filmed. cunningham is thought by many to be a sure winner with his speed and grace. and for most of the fight, it looks like these attributes will win out. just when it looks like rob roy is finished, he turns the tables in a shockingly grotesque manner. the first time you see what happens, you will probably be as shocked as cunningham! rob roy is beautifully filmed, wonderfully acted, and perfectly paced. the score is quite memorable, too. the casting choices seem to have worked out as jessica lange, who might seem to be out of her element, actually turns in one of the strongest performances as mary macgregor. the film is violent, but there isn't too much gore. it is a lusty picture full of deviant behavior, however. the nobility are largely played as being amoral and sleazy. the film has no obvious flaws, thus it gets 10 of 10 stars.the hound.

mel gibson's braveheart was a spectacularly accomplished film, but it left a sour taste in the mouth. rob roy, by contrast, is slightly less polished, but a better film by far. this is a historical film which combines timeless themes with truly historical values, whereas braveheart put a gross and unpleasant comtemporary gloss on an ancient tale. what makes this film is the cast. liam neeson plays the hero, in a role he basically reprised (in a watered-down fashion) in the phantom menace. the character is heroic, but is neither the greatest fighter nor the most demonic lover. admirable yet human, he commands the screen. against him are set a selection of equally human adversaries including tim roth's cunningham, obnoxious but brilliant, and john hurt's morally bankrupt laird. also to praise is jessica lange, as rob's pragmatic wife: also strong and noble, but 300 years away from a modern heroine, which is only as it should be. this is not the most original film you will see, but it has the courage of its own convictions, and the strong performances make you care.

liam neeson portrays the scottish legend robert roy macgregor from the early 18th century. he is a true actor. he captivates the audience with his charisma as he does in all his roles. jessica lange is excellent as his wife mary. mary is such a beautiful woman. it's her love that makes rob roy the legend, but it's his passion that makes her love undying. they need each other. tim roth as the evil cunningham is perfect; in one way or another, upon watching the movie, you will find cunningham disgusting. the scotland scenery is beautiful. the environment and conditions of the times are depicted quite well. if you like history, romance, passion and love, you'll enjoy rob roy. there is violence and blood, but it's unavoidable in telling this story as it should be told; no gratuitous violence. and you do have to listen carefully if you're not used to a scottish accent. one important point that makes this movie so good is that no one actor or actress is glamorized; they get dirty and actually look unattractive in various scenes. it's their skill as actors that attracts you, they don't rely on marquee names, popularity or sex symbol appeal. this is something special.

the early to mid 90s were a high point, in my opinion, for the historical drama. last of the mohicans, braveheart, rob roy - all portrayed a distinctive passion and intensity in their respective time periods.rob roy was a unique and intriguing taste of a time and place rarely represented by film. it really has everything - interesting story, great acting, remarkable dialog, and breathtaking scenery. i was particularly impressed by the apparently genuine dialog. i can imagine this is how early 18th century people spoke and behaved.something else that surprised me was the vulgarity expressed by the characters. i found it to be more repulsive and shocking, albeit often more subtle, than most found in films set in modern times. the movie had a very racy and sexually charged edge to it that was unique and most likely very realistic in the context of the era.the pace was very tight, with hardly a dull moment. there was much intrigue and political subplots that complicated things a bit, but yet did not detract from the main storyline.the action was also very well done and gripping. something that i will forever find remarkable is that during the highlight action piece in the film, there is no soundtrack whatsoever. it makes for a very tense, exciting sequence, since we have no musical cue as to the direction and resolution of the scene.rob roy will always remain high on my list of favorite films. i would recommend it to all.

this is the moving tale of scotland's legendary hero, rob roy, and his battles with the feudal landowners. like braveheart to which it is frequently compared, it is not very historical. despite their primarily fictional nature, i rate both of these movies highly and would be hard pressed to choose between the two. the 13 century william wallace is, as others have noted, a larger than life national figure, while the early 18th century rob roy comes across as an honourable but ordinary scotsman.the story revolves around a clan chieftain, robert roy mcgregor, who lives in a scottish highland cottage with his wife mary and their two young sons. as the movie begins, he and his fellow clansmen are hunting down some thieves who have stolen the local lord's cattle. rob roy then wishes to improve the living conditions of his people so arranges to borrow one thousand scottish pounds from a local noble, the marquis of montrose, in order to buy cattle to herd to market. he temporarily entrusts this money to his friend, alan mcdonald. when both mcdonald and the money turn up missing, rob roy finds himself in conflict with montrose as well as his despicable protégé, archibald cunningham, and his sleazy factor, killearn. rob roy's honour is also tested when montrose seeks to involve him in false testimony against his rival, the duke of argyle, whom he wishes to accuse of being a jacobite.the charismatic liam leeson is brilliant as the kilted highlander rob roy, an intelligent, virile, and noble hero and a man whose sense of honour is pivotal to this tale. personally, i feel that this is neeson's best performance, his brogue (albeit irish) adding authenticity for the average viewer. rob roy is a stubborn, proud, courageous, and honest man whose word can be trusted. he is a loving husband & father, and also touchingly loyal to his friend, mcdonald, who is accused of robbing him. tim roth masterfully portrays his major adversary and surely one of the most heinous and sadistic cinematic villains, archibald cunningham, an egotistical, ruthless strutting peacock. he is very effeminate for someone who makes it his major business to ravish the local women, whether willing or otherwise. the pathetic cunningham himself constantly refers to the fact that he is a bastard unaware of his own father's identity, though this hardly justifies his horrendous misdeeds of murder, rape, and thievery. also, he mercilessly casts aside the young servant girl, betty, after she becomes pregnant with his child, resulting in her suicide. john hurt plays the arrogant and foppish montrose, who is eventually implied to be cunningham's father.the movie is essentially the very believable love story between an ordinary man and his wife, beautifully depicting the passionate relationship between rob roy and mary. those who question the presence of passion within marriage should watch this husband and wife! i think the phrase used by this pair, 'how fine you are to me...' is surely one of the most beautiful expressions of love in all cinema. the most compelling performance is possibly by jessica lange as rob's wife, mary mcgregor. lacking make up, she has the pretty but natural look of a sturdy peasant wife and mother. the actress brings great courage and dignity to her role when she is brutally raped by the despicable cunningham, while the disgusting killearn looks on. her dialogue is plain spoken but filled with pride and grace. i give hollywood its due that for once they showed just enough in the rape scene to reveal its cruelty as well as mary's pain and humiliation, but nothing intended to sensationalize. their kinsman, alastair mcgregor, shows emotional anguish when he learns of mary's rape, and further torment when she swears him to secrecy never to reveal to her husband her violation by cunningham. of course this film features the beautiful scenery of the scottish highlands, also lavish period costumes and appropriate musical scoring. there are no grand battle scenes as in braveheart, but continuous engaging action and a particularly gripping sword fight in the final duel between rob roy and cunningham. this is a captivating movie featuring both tense action and a beautiful love tale.

its not braveheart( thankfully),but it is fine entertainment with engaging characters and good acting all around. i enjoyed this film when it was released and upon viewing it again last week,find it has held up well over time. not a classic film,but a very fine and watchable movie to enjoy as great entertainment.

this is a very good, under-rated action/drama/and slightly historical movie.the basic story concerns rob roy's borrowing of 1000 pounds, its theft, and the problems it causes for his family and indirectly his clansmen.cunningham( tim roth) is an amazing villain and character in this story. brutally cold and if you watch his face he seems to be able to turn his eyes off and look completely evil.rob roy (liam neeson) is excellent too, but i think the writers used the word "honour" 1 too many times.the rest of the cast is strong, and the whole movie is very well acted and filmed.the action is exciting and the sword play very realistic, but not too gory. the story is good and you really want rob to win.all in all just shy of a classic.

this sweeping drama has it all: top notch acting, incredible photography, good story. it is often compared to "braveheart" because both movies take place in historical scotland. even though i love braveheart, i think this is the better of the two films. jessica lange gave an incredible performance (should have been nominated for an oscar). liam neeson is fantastic in the title role. tim roth plays one of the most evil, despicable, characters in film history (he was nominated for an oscar). john hurt is excellent as lord montrose, another dislikeable character. i am always amazed at the incredible range of characters that john hurt can play. this is a story of a dispute over money between rob roy and his clan, and lord montrose. rob roy is a self made man, who will not solve his problems with montrose if it violates his sense of honor. montrose, who, inherited his title, has no sense of honor. and that is basically what this story is all about; honor of the common man versus corruption of the nobility. this movie is very entertaining, it should appeal to all. it has romance, action, beautiful scenery, and has a exciting plot. one of my favorite films.

overshadowed by "braveheart" released the same year, the two costume dramas beg comparison. i admit my bias against mel gibson, yet i maintain a rational preference for "rob roy." both "braveheart" and "rob roy" compellingly depict scots history in bloody, romantic fashion. "braveheart" is an epic paean to individual honor and courage and a fine revenge fantasy. it's also melodramatic, anachronistic and maudlin. note its cornball usage of slow motion filming. its violence is both ugly and glorious. it is the latter quality which makes it more appealing to the adolescent mindset. while "braveheart" surpasses "rob roy" in sheer levels of carnage (not to mention its indulgent running time), the latter film is ultimately more mature and satisfying. its action is more understated, yet more surprising and clever. its sex is less showy, yet more erotic. "rob roy" also has a better realized romantic interest. its dialog attempts to approximate the poetry of the period. its rotted teeth in the mouths of the actors attempt to approximate the dentistry of the era. and tim roth is a superlative villain. also recommended: "the last of the mohicans" and "the patriot." you may find the latter more akin to "braveheart" with its emphasis on blood lust, with the former more similar to "rob roy" in tone. all the of the aforementioned movies merit their r ratings for violence.

**attention spoilers**first of all, let me say that rob roy is one of the best films of the 90's. it was an amazing achievement for all those involved, especially the acting of liam neeson, jessica lange, john hurt, brian cox, and tim roth. michael canton jones painted a wonderful portrait of the honor and dishonor that men can represent in themselves. but alas...it constantly, and unfairly gets compared to "braveheart". these are two entirely different films, probably only similar in the fact that they are both about scots in historical scotland. yet, this comparison frequently bothers me because it seems to be almost assumed that "braveheart" is a better film than "rob roy". i like "braveheart" a lot, but the idea of comparing it to "rob roy" is a little insulting to me. to put quite simply, i love "braveheart", but it is a pale shadow to how much i love "rob roy". here are my particular reasons...-"rob roy" is about real people.let's face it, the william wallace in "braveheart" is not a real person. he's a legend, a martyr, a larger than life figurehead. because of this depiction, he is also a perfect person, never doing wrong, and basically showing his scot countrymen to the promised land. when he finally does fail, it is not to his fault. like jesus, he is betrayed by the very people he trusted most. he even goes through the worst kind of torture because he wants freedom so much.the depiction of wallace is very well done and effective. but it really doesn't inspire or intrigue me. i find human ambiguity far more facinating than human perfection. that is why "the last temptation of christ" is a better film than "king of kings", and that is also one of the reasons why i think "rob roy" is better than "braveheart". rob roy may be heroic and brave, but he is far from perfect. he makes several mistakes that affected the lives of many of his loved ones. now sure, not bearing false claim against the duke of argyll was an act of nobility and courage, but it was also an act of egoism and self centeredness. let us not forget that the kinfolk that he had claimed to protect were driven homeless by the end of the film because of this act. but rob did the best he could, and that was all you could ask of him.rob's wife mary, is also a normal, ambigious person. let us start though, with how she looks in this film. sure, she's beautiful, but she doesn't wear makeup and she basically allows her natural beauty to show. compare this with the two loves (or one, depending on your point of view) of william wallace in "braveheart". now these two ladies are hot, but hardly indicitive of how women looked at the time (especially the lay persons). maybe not a fair comparison, but just another example of how rob roy's attempts for accuracy are far more effective.throughout "rob roy", mary has to live with her vicious rape by the dastardly carrion, cunningham. she feels compelled to tell rob of her struggle, but doesn't because she knows that rob must seek revenge for her rape. such revenge would surely mean the death of rob, and mary is not prepared for such a sacrifice.the villains in "rob roy" are equally as compelling. although the enemies in "braveheart" are well written, they are hardly original. robert the bruce, a man both brave and cowardly, is plagued by moral decisions that are all to familar in the fictional realm. should he take his claim as the king of scotland, or should he betray wallace in order to ensure the safety of his family name? bruce is the most ambigious character in "braveheart", but from brutus in "julius ceasar" to fredo in "the godfather part ii", these types of characters are hardly original. longshanks, although a compelling villain in his own right, is very one dimensional. he is the epidemy of evil, and his tyrant ways stand in direct contrast to wallace's heroism."rob roy" has three villains that are wonderful in their chicanery. first of all, let's start with marquis of montrose. he is a man who is so obsessed with his self image, that he's willing to let an innocent man suffer because of it. "see to it that i am not mocked" are his favorite words to his "factor". he is a man obsessed with power, upset that a man of great noble bearing as the duke of argyll can be considered of greater providency then him. he is shamefully self obsessed and insecure. he is an evil aristocrat, but in ways that make him unique.cunningham and callarn are the conspirators in "rob roy", and are also roy's direct assailants. callarn is so cunning in his cowardace that he is almost comical. he will do anything to maintain the good will of the marquis, which includes backstabbing and trickery. cunningham is a compelling character in that he seems to have been raised to do whatever he can to obtain status and the affection of the marquis. he needs a father, little does he know that the marquis is his real father. therefore, when the opportunity to obtain wealth comes from callarn, he grabs it without even questioning it. he is very much like the evil of modern man, so self centered and vain that he cares not about the consequences of his actions on others.many have criticized tim roth's performance in this film as overacting. hogwash i say. it is clear that cunningham is not simply evil but also psychopath throughout the film. in a world where a man and his stepson can go around shooting random people for amusement, is cunningham too much of an unbelievable character? we live in a society where people seem to have decreased the value of human life. "rob roy" simply teaches us that only the circumstances of this decreased value has changed. it is a problem throughout human history that the vanity of the human heart will not allow for the capacity for compassion. rob roy and mary give us hope that goodness will prevail, but snakes will always exist in our world.another character that i find fascinating is the duke of argyll. he is a true nobleman, and his values of honesty and courtesy are in direct contrast to the marquis. he appreciates the bravery of rob roy and mary, and has a direct vexation for the marquis and his factor. he gives the world hope for the people of power. hopefully, people like the marquis are an exception and not the rule.- the final duel in "rob roy" is more exciting then 10 of the battle scenes in "braveheart".one thing i get tired of is people telling me that "braveheart" is a better film because of the battle scenes. first of all, battle scenes are hardly original. from "spartacus" to "gladiator", hollywood has had a long tradition of historical european battle scenes. "braveheart" has some of the best battle scenes ever put on film, but they suffer from one important problem. these battle scenes have no context except for the fight for freedom.now, don't get me wrong, duels are hardly original either. in fact, there are probably 10 times as many films with duels as there are with battle scenes. but the context of the duel between cunningham and rob roy is a beauty to behold. it is one of the greatest scenes in film history. let me explain why...first of all, the fighting style and the bearing of the two characters in this duel describe the characters perfectly. cunningham is effette and dangerous, rob roy is strong and courageous. cunningham uses a fencing sword while rob uses a broadsword. cunningham fights with quick tricky movements, while roy's fighting style is more obvious.the whole film, from the deliberately slow first half to the exciting second half, is leading up to this moment. it is powerful stuff, and it is clear that rob must exterminate this menacing evil that has plagued his whole world. when rob finally gets the upper hand (literally and figuratively,) it is one of the greatest moments in film history. rob wins because he has more to live for, and his honor is more powerful than 10 cunningham's. the use of music is absolutely chilling in this scene. good prevailing against a real evil is more powerful to me than seeing a dude get disemboweled just so he can yell "freedom!". but hey, maybe that's just me.- "rob roy" is more realistic than "braveheart"i don't know that people in the aristocracy or scotsmen talked like the people in "rob roy", but i do feel that it clearly an attempt to capture their speech patterns. i feel that many people are bored by "rob roy" simply because they can't understand what the characters are saying. if this is the case, then read some shakesphere, or put on the close-captioning. "rob roy" is actually one of the greatest written films of the 90's. many of the dialogue in this film is clever, but maybe you have to watch the film a couple of times to understand it.by contrast, the dialogue in "braveheart" is hardly very interesting. of course, what do you expect when the main character is a scotsman played by an australian? this is a legend, and there was clearly not an attempt to capture the speech of the times. this film takes place several centuries before "rob roy", and yet they talk like the people today. thus the reason that many people like it better. audiences today have become increasingly lazy, and they don't want to take the time or patience to understand things that are complex. therefore, as with many epic films, they expect to see the villians speak a recognizable english accent while the heroes speak in a vernacular not too far away from our american language. sure, it is clear that the wallace is scotish, but other than sounding like scotty from star trek and a couple of "aye"s for acknowledgement, the scots in this film fit into the hollywood tradition of how we believe scots should sound.so, do these descriptions prove that "rob roy" is a better film than "braveheart"? hardly. but if it proves one thing, it shows that it is hardly common knowledge that "braveheart" is a better film than "rob roy". to put simply, "rob roy" is a film that has themes that are very apropos in today's world. "braveheart" is a film about a legend that is inspiring but hardly realistic. you can make a decision on what you think is better...grade - a score - 9

major spoilers!! this is for people who have seen the movie!!commenters have touched on the major theme of "honor" in the film, and too many comparisons to "braveheart." i'll point out a few things about this movie that i have not seen other comments touch on:this movie has a decidedly different take on abortion. the first character to get pregnant is the villain's (roth) girlfriend, and when he coldly suggests an abortion, she states it is too late for that. the shame of her situation ("i'm to have a bastard's bastard.") leads her to commit suicide in a much later scene. the second character to find herself pregnant is mary, rob's wife, after a rape by roth's character (and at least one sex scene with her husband, rob). late in the movie, as rob is leaving for a final confrontation with roth, mary asks what she should do about the pregnancy of questionable origins, with a tone hinting of abortion. rob replies in a noble tone, "it's not the fault of the child," and then states what he thinks the name should be, girl or boy. i find this "pro-life" stance on the part of the hero to be very un-hollywood. rob walks from the darkness of the house to the bright outside to make this comment -- not coincidental symbolism.another related theme is roth's character is a bastard, someone who evidently does not know who his father was, and has few kind words for his mother, though he wears a picture of her in a case hung from his neck. is it coincidence that roth (devoid of family stability) is the walking definition of psychopath, while rob is the strong husband/father figure, and of course the hero. in the final sword fight between rob and the villain (roth), the former slices the latter deeply across the chest -- the left side of the chest, over the heart. his employer and pseudo-father figure (john hurt character) holds the mother's picture in his hand and gazes at it, before snatching it from the neck of the dead roth.also what i find interesting was the direction of the rape scene, which was not quite graphic but neither was it off-camera and implied. i found it surprising in it's somewhat matter of fact depiction, with mary convincingly showing the characteristics of someone going through the ordeal, and subsequent post traumatic stress (as we call it now). my point being that the rape was neither sensationalized nor just implied, which i find an interesting middle road for hollywood to take.in the final fight scene, i have to correct an earlier commenter: the weapon roth chose was a rapier (or perhaps a short sword), the weapon rob chose was a claymore. someone was really doing their homework on this entire scene. roth would have the upper hand in such a situation, but of course the claymore is a distinctly scottish weapon. what is even more striking to me (as a fencer and someone who has read a bit on the subject) is that this final sword fight is one of the most convincing of any film ever made: the actors seem actually trying to kill each other -- not the usual slashes to the opponents blade we see in most movie fights (including the movies opening fight). even more true to history, roth is seen several times using the rapier as a thrusting weapon, which is it's purpose by design! (rapiers were edged, but primarily a thrusting weapon with the edges used mainly for parrying an opponents thrust.) rob uses the claymore in broad slashes, as it's design intent. the fight goes down as i would expect it to -- roth effectively wins. though rob wins the day by grabbing roth's weapon (more symbolism) and striking him dead with a powerful slashing cut.folks, it is rare to see this level of historical accuracy in a movie sword fight.i'll also note that for whatever reason, i remember 1995 (the year of release) distinctly as a time of distrust of the u.s. government. hollywood was obviously tuned into that, with the release of both "rob roy" and "braveheart," and i think the anti-government leanings are why both films get so much comparison. i think the different perspective that this film gives is refreshing to avid movie fans, tired of the same old, not so hidden messages from hollywood.

what can one say about a film that has one of the blackest, most nihilistic, and occasionally most weirdly -i wont say 'sympathetic'..i will say 'charismatic' villains in the history of the cinema, and the best sword fight since flynn and fairbanks were in their heyday? this is an epic about a stubborn, sometimes foolish, incredibly courageous and honest mans fight for his honor and freedom against tyranny. i loved it. john hurt and tim roth were great villains. jessica lange was very moving, tender, and sensual.

this is one powerful film. the first time i saw it, the scottish accents made it tough for me to understand a lot and that ruined the viewing experience. i gave up on it but then acquired the dvd, used the english subtitles when i needed them, and really got into this movie, discovering just how good it is. it is excellent.the widescreen picture makes it spectacular in parts, with some wonderful rugged scenery and the story reminded me of braveheart, an involving tale of good versus evil. here, it's liam neeson (good) vs. tim roth (evil). both do their jobs well.few actors come across as despicable as roth. man, you really want to smack this guy in his arrogant, irritating puss. (he is so nasty and vile the sick critics love his character more than anyone else's here). neeson is a man's man and a solid hero figure as gibson was in braveheart. jessica lange is strong in here as the female lead. the movie draws you in and gets you totally involved, so prepared to have an emotional experience viewing this.

this is a strong movie from a historical and epic perspective. while the story is simple it is pure and straightforward. in truth, it is the standard story of a simple, honorable man whose honor comes into conflict with the more educated and wealthier men of the period.poor vs. rich, honorable vs. dishonorable, a classic but well-told tale without much of the glitz of hollywood stinking up the screen.extra points just because you can almost smell the people on the screen. :)

michael caton-jones's scottish period piece bears little connection to the sir walter scott novel of the same name...the film opens in the scottish highlands, with robert roy mcgregor and his men hunting down a bunch of cow thieves who have stolen several heads of his lordship james graham's cattle... the scene then switches to a sword-fighting contest attended by noblemen with longhair wigs, adorned shirts, soft colored coats, paleface make-up and conventional gestures...macgregor lives under the protection of a local lord named marquis of montrose... when he enters an ill-advised trade agreement with montrose, he innocently leaves himself exposed to the malicious plots of montrose's evil-doers... the unfolding of their perfidy is the most creative and pleasant part of the movie, though it takes a repugnant turn with a violent rape... when rob roy is finally compelled to rebel against the english soldiers, the action becomes well understood, ending with the predictable duel between him and an expert with the blade...liam neeson injects heroism and passion to his character... he is intelligent, fair and virile... he carries his height with grace as the scottish chieftain of a small community... he is a loving father, a passionate lover, and a noble husband, driven to desperate acts by dastardly villains... he'd rather die than tell a lie or betray a trust... oscar winner jessica lange gives the film class as the strong robust devoted wife, a proud peasant woman, brutally raped by an icy psychotic aristocrat... lange's lines are filled with dignity and integrity: 'i will think on you dead, until my husband makes you so. and then i will think on you no more.'john hurt brings his usual clever touch with character roles to make montrose something more than a greedy marquis, ruthless with money and tempered by the english court's fashion for foppery... he is a pompous arrogant man with two villainous servants at his service... honor, in his view, seems a quaint notion... he has two objectives: ruin the reputation of his rival, the duke of argyle, and to hunt down the fugitive macgregor... he sends his soldiers to burn the highlanders' homes, to kill their people and their livestock...tim roth—the perfect antithesis to the hero, is fearsome and strangely an effeminate enforcer... he is a penniless british aristocrat, a nasty 'hired sword' wonderfully evil, ravishing and murdering his way through the scottish mist... his name is archibald cunningham... he turns out to be a liar, a thief and a murderer... he dismisses himself as 'but a bastard abroad, seeking his fortune and the favors of great men," and therefore can't care about anyone else: "love is a dung hill and i am but a cock that climbs upon it to crow." he even jokes that he once raped a young boy whom he mistook for a girl...cunningham seems pathetic... he smiles foolishly, and utters words with affected refinement, but not terribly harmful-until a muscular swordsman insults him, and we discover that he's a cool head and an expert with a sword... he really does steal the film with a performance that earned him a best supporting actor nomination...and while brian cox is suitably odious as killearn, andrew keir is montrose's rival, the powerful local aristocrat, the duke of argyll, one of the few trustworthy men mcgregor meets outside his own family... set in 18th-century scotland, and with an atmospheric musical score, 'rob roy' is really a love story between a man and his wife, a recognizably human story, unjustly dwarfed by mel gibson's 'braveheart,' that does tell essentially the same story of provincial resentment of overbearing english landlords...

from the excellent acting of an extremely impressive cast, to the intelligently written (and very quotable) script, from the lavish cinematography to the beautiful music score by carter burwell, rob roy offers a rarity in movie going experiences: one that is nigh impossible to find fault with in any area.there have been several comparisons made with braveheart, which came out the same year. with all due credit to mel gibson, braveheart struck me as too much of a self-conscious and preachy epic to rival rob roy as the kind of movie i would care to see more than once. while braveheart works hard to be a serious epic, rob roy just grabs you and absorbs you into its tightly edited storytelling. not a single scene is wasted.rob roy contains the perfect balance of dramatic tension, action and even occasional humor. the characters are well fleshed-out, perfectly conveying vernacular and mannerisms that anchor them in their authentic period setting.further, they are not caricatures of good and evil as we all too often observe in even modern film.for example, while we hope the heroic rob roy prevails, we realize his predicaments are products of his own pride and sense of honor. tim roth plays one of the most hateful bad guys in the history of cinema, yet there are moments when we can understand how the events of his life have shaped him into becoming what he is. rob roy employs a level of character development that makes its story even more believable and gripping.rob roy is a delightful treasure, featuring one of the greatest sword fights ever choreographed and a climatic ending worthy of all the tense anticipation.

this could be a 10 if it wasn't for the quite predictable and hollywood-ish scenario. daniel day-lewis confirms its position as one of the leading actors of our time (why not the leading may i ask) and the rest of the cast stand in a very high level. i personally was impressed with hugh o' connor who played christy brown as a child. the very first scene i watched him was really strong. wow.

at the time, "my left foot" was the little movie that could. it was hugely popular, and everyone applauded the fact that such a small, independent film could make it all the way to the oscars.since then, movies like "my left foot" are a dime a dozen, so it might be hard in retrospect to understand what all the fuss was about. it's certainly a well made and competent film, but it's clear that the bulk of its success rests on the shoulders of daniel day-lewis, who immerses himself in the role of cristy brown, a man living with cerebral palsy. day-lewis pulls off the same bit of stunt acting that had won dustin hoffman an oscar the year before for playing a man with autism in "rain man," and the academy followed suit by giving day-lewis the same honor.the only thing really separating this film from a big budget hollywood production is just that -- its budget. in every other way it's just as formulaic as any standard product. that's not to say it isn't a good movie, but it's not a masterpiece.grade: a-

"my left foot" is a pretty impressive film that tells the story of christy brown, an artist who was crippled with cerebral palsy and learned to paint with his left foot, the only limb in his body he had control over. daniel day-lewis won his first oscar as best actor for this film, which i'm not absolutely certain was deserved, but is still noteworthy. day-lewis give brown a realistic and occasionally almost humorous touch. brenda fricker, as brown's devoted mother, also won an oscar for a believable and touching role. my problem with this film is that it is a bit too real at times. when brown is in desperation and must help someone and do it all with his left foot, the film can be difficult to watch. this gives it an often depressing feel that may turn off some viewers for a time. however, if you look beyond that, you will see a sense of hope and inspiration for those who have handicaps and other difficulties to overcome. those of us who are not crippled and still consider ourselves to have problems are inspired by this film, because if somewhat with a much worse condition than us can overcome their difficulties, we can certainly do the same thing. well made, occasionally enjoyable, but difficult to watch. may not be for everyone, but not bad at all.*** out of ****

daniel day-lewis is the most versatile actor alive. english aristocratic snob in a room with a view, passionate irish thief in in the name of the father, an impudent, violent butcher in gangs of new york (in a performance ten times stronger than adrian brody's in the pianist) and as the outrageous cristy brown with cerebral palsy in my left foot (just to name a few). his roles all influence eachother, but each is seperate, and utterly unique. he changes completely, with each character he takes on. and i'm beginning to believe that he can act as anything. anything.as cristy brown he is stunning. he does not ridicule the character, and he does not pity the character. a difficult achievement. and cristy brown comes to life. a smart man. an outrageous man. human.this movie, despite small scene-transition faults and the like, is an inspiration. yes, it's predictable. but is it stupidly sentimental? no. i laughed. i cried. not a single moment of cheese. proof that this isn't a hollywood movie.my favourite scene is the scene in the restaurant, when cristy is discussing painters with eileen, peter and her friends. here's where daniel day-lewis reaches an acting climax. "i'll kick you in the only part of your anatomy that's animated." "wheel out the cripple!" and his performance never slows down, never falters, and is beautiful. simply. he has a lot of screen time here. i watch it again again, and i never get tired of cristy's perspicacious eyes, twitching and guttural speeches.a must-see. fo sho, yo!

i had never seen such an incredible acting job in a motion picture as i did when i saw daniel day-lewis play christy brown in my left foot. in fact off the scene his role wasn't even over. he played the role of christy brown or at least disabled like him all through the filming of the movie and needed surgery because of the damage his superior acting had done to his back. to me that is remarkable and through all the pain he put up with to act that role i believe it is quite true to say he put on the most oscar worthy performance in history. he was so masterful in this tough a part that i believe no one could have done it better or with more of an impact than him. although i cannot say it is the greatest movie of all time i can say that how he played this impossible a role and then kept on acting it until it wasn't even acting anymore is without a doubt the greatest feet i will ever seen an actor do. probably a man too for that matter.

daniel day lewis in my left foot gives us one of the best performances ever by an actor. he is brilliant as christy brown, a man who has cerebral palsy, who then learned to write and paint with his left foot. a well deserved oscar for him and brenda fricker who plays his loving mother. hugh o'conner is terrific as the younger christy brown and ray mcanally is great as the father. worth watching for the outstanding performances.

as far as i know the real guy that the main actor is playing saw his performance and said it was an outstanding portrayal, i'd agree with him. this is a fantastic film about a quite gifted boy/man with a special body part helping him. oscar and bafta winning, and golden globe nominated daniel day-lewis plays christy browna crippled man with cerebral palsy who spends most of his life on the floor, in a wheelchair and carried by his family. he has a special left foot though, he can write with it, paint with it and hold things with it. he learns to speak later in the film, it is very good for a guy like him. also starring home alone 2's oscar winning, and golden globe nominated brenda fricker as mrs. brown and bafta winning ray mcanally as mr. brown. it was nominated the oscars for best director for jim sheridan, best writing, screenplay based on material from another medium and best picture, it was nominated the baftas for best film, best make up artist and best adapted screenplay. daniel day-lewis was number 85 on the 100 greatest movie stars, he was number 20 on the 50 greatest british actors, he was number 9 on britain's finest actors, and he was number 15 on the world's greatest actor, and the film was number 28 on the 50 greatest british films. outstanding!

there aren't many overcoming-the-odds stories quite like that of christy brown. born with cerebral palsy in 1930s dublin, his parents thought his handicap was mental as well as physical. though eventually properly diagnosed, brown, in a lower working-class family with nearly 20 children, had to push himself just to be appreciated by his family. through the use of his only fully-functioning limb, his left leg, he taught himself to write and paint, both skills he developed expertly. but what makes the film version of brown's autobiography "my left foot" such a great retelling is its humility. both director/writer jim sheridan and star daniel day-lewis have managed to tell this story in a way that doesn't scream for attention and resort to melodrama. cheesy struggles and scenes of frustration as well as glorious moments of minute victory are easy pitfalls of a story so miraculous, yet "my left foot" stays real and intrinsically inspired.day-lewis is the easiest to highlight. playing anyone with such serious physical impairments has to be a demanding task. not only does day-lewis give us a very complete picture of christy, but he also manages to chronicle the growth, improvement and inner change of the character in different stages of his life. he plays christy at 17 when he had limited language capability and was emotionally volatile just as crisply as he does the intellectually learned christy who struggles to cope with why he can't find non-platonic love. the latter theme is the film's strongest and it would've been nice for sheridan and co-adapter shane connaughton to really flesh that out. regardless, day-lewis gets us to understand and sympathize with all those elements, giving a performance that's so believable you often don't have time to think "wow, he's such a great actor." those are the most commendable performances.equally important but through more subtle means is sheridan's work on the film. this story is about day-to-day life and struggles. although christy has such a unique set of circumstances hampering his life, his struggles are not unlike our own and sheridan grasps that concept completely. christy struggles with love, parental attention, questions of self- worth and capability. his struggles are just more physically manifested (literally and figuratively) than ours. sheridan gives us moments that capture the spirit of the large brown family and christy's unique place in it. the drama evolves naturally when tensions are highest and the humor comes in much the same way. the dinner scene when christy learns that his doctor/teacher -- the woman he loves -- is going to marry his brother peter is the film's finest example of both day-lewis and sheridan's efforts. it's built up to so well by sheridan that it comes out when we're ready and day-lewis takes us from there with his stunning work.the other strong component of the film is brenda fricker as mrs. brown. i did not know she'd won the oscar, but there was something about her performances as christy's loving and wise mother that just screamed oscar-worthy. her love for christy and constant fighting for him just seems so convincing and heartfelt and she earns a lot of sympathy given her situation.the emotional punch of the film given the story is surprisingly minimal. perhaps that was part of the sacrifice of trying to create a film that feels organically human. the two should be reconcilable, but i imagine it's challenging to tell a story that feels true-to-life and one that provides enough dramatic moments to take our emotions on a roller coaster. the choice to downplay the latter was definitely the wise one for "my left foot." brown's circumstances speak for themselves -- they don't need to be squeezed for weightier dramatic impact.~steven cvisit my site moviemusereviews.com for more

based on christy brown's autobiographical novel, this endearing film tells the story of his life, him being affected by cerebral palsy and being considered basically not a person by everyone including his mother. amazingly, he teaches himself to draw and write using his foot, which is the only part of him he can control. an amazing story of courage with a truly amazing and unforgettable oscar winning performance by daniel day lewis. 9 of 10

i watched this film in shire joy.this is possibly one of the best films of all time. it has a timeless value, you can get so much out of it it's amazing. there are parts that are moving, funny, and just great.all aspect are spot on, the portrayal of the story is perfect, every detail is 100% genuine, even small irish subtleties have been covered.the use of low and high shots gives two great views on cristy (look out for that).daniel day-lewis's performance is incredible. i've never seen an actor do that, ever. it really is amazing.and it's so great to watch, it flows so well, it's probably the closest thing yo can get to real life experience. i love it.if you haven't seen it, you should see it. don't have any doubts on it, there is something there for all.

i thought hugh o'conor was astounding as the young christy brown, and really deserved greater recognition for his role. i couldn't believe how well he played the part. of course, daniel day-lewis was brilliant too. my favourite scene is where the boys are playing football and christy uses his head to stop the goals and then kicks the penalty! amazing performances by the two christys (and other also).

my left foot, in my opinion, is a great biopic about one of the world's most talented authors and painters. the performances were smashing, the soundtrack was great, and the casting was perfect. i thought that christy (daniel day-lewis) was a very talented man, although i couldn't understand what he was saying most of the time. in addition, when he threw a tantrum, i got a little scared. also, it's just so sad that he suffered from cerebral palsy. in conclusion, if you are a die-hard fan of daniel day-lewis or like biopics, i highly recommend this great biopic about one of the world's most talented authors and painters. you're in for a real treat and a good time, so don't miss this one.

my older sister was born in march of 1985 and has cerebral palsy. in her 22 years of life, she has seen nothing but the walls of our house and her school which is also occupied with other disabled kids. i have been the butt of everyone's jokes because my sister is disabled, and i still think to this day that nobody is, or ever will give a damn about her and her condition. then i saw this film.i knew what christy's family was going through. but they were lucky. christy could talk, he could communicate, and he had artistic skills. my sister can walk, but she can't utter a word, and she can't use her hands to do anything but grab onto things. but this film made me realize there were other people in the world like my sister, and the ending (to tell the truth) made me cry. and i've seen shawshank!!! this film is seriously underrated, and it shouldn't. this movie tells people something. that people should be proud of their own lives. thinking you can't write well? this guy wrote with his foot. thinking you're not attractive? this guy got turned down by lots of girls, because of his condition. not the fastest runner? christy couldn't even stand up.my point: parents of young children, i suggest your children watch this movie with you, so they'll know the next time they see someone on the street in a wheelchair, they don't stare at them like they're aliens. my sister got millions of stares, and it breaks my heart to think that this is still happening to many people. this film will teach people, that people who might not seem "normal" are people too. 10/10

i've just returned from a showing of "my left foot" at our public library. what an emotional experience -- i feel drained and uplifted.it's the story of christy brown, irish writer and painter, and based on the author's autobiographical "my left foot." christy was born with a form of cerebral palsy such that the only limb he had good control of was his left foot. doctors advised his parents he was hopelessly mentally retarded but his mother didn't give up on him and, somewhat as annie sullivan had done with helen keller, helped him achieve a breakthrough in which he learned the alphabet and then to read, write, and paint.this film won academy awards for daniel day-lewis (best actor) as well as best supporting actress for the actress playing his mother; it also received oscar nominations for best picture, best director, and best adapted screenplay.as a retired clinical psychologist and family therapist, while many films may entertain me, many also often leave me having to overlook gross fictions or improbabilities in realistic psychological reactions.not this film--it was absolutely "spot on" in portraying typical irish parental roles & behaviors (see, e.g., see typical irish families in mcgoldrick's "ethnicity & family therapy") as well christy brown's uneven emotional maturation--some immature personality reactions that were even further amplified by his picking up traits of his father.the film presents the greater truth while changing certain sequences in his development (painting & writing) and condensing several important people into one person, for the sake of telling a coherent, believable story, not burdened by small, distracting, less important actualities. (see christy brown in wikipedia for more accuracy.) the dvd version we were shown had some english subtitles that were a great help in understanding christy's speech (& some of the irish speech); the initial release of the film may have lacked this. (if you see this on dvd, enable that option.)the performance by daniel day-lewis is one of the greatest, believable acting jobs i've ever seen. truly magnificent, outstanding, superlative."my left foot" bears more than some similarity to a more recent film, "the diving bell & the butterfly," in that each portrays the life of a real person successfully surmounting the imprisonment and isolation of an extremely severe physical handicap.and in doing so, it resonates with william ernest henley's "invictus" which begins: "out of the night that covers me,//black as the pit from pole to pole,//i thank whatever gods may be//for my unconquerable soul."

i have seen this film three times now, and each time i see it, it becomes more personal and more emotional to watch.the acting is amazing, which is not hard to believe since it is daniel day lewis, who is an amazing actor. brenda fricker is the surprise wonder in it, though. she captures your heart as the mother of a physically disabled boy, who is not able to walk, or speak until he is in his late teens.i can't say enough good things about the movie, but i will stop here. i recommend it to anyone who enjoys movies that are based on actual events, or just enjoy good dramas in general.

saw this film on dvd yesterday and was gob-smacked and flabbergasted. the unaffected acting of ddl just blew my mind, and i was surprised by the whole cast and its superb acting. all of the character were so authentic to me, i really took ddl for christy burns and brenda fricker for his mom. go and see it! you'll cry your heart out, but you'll experience a wonderful catharsis! besides, it teaches you one important lesson: determination is everything. you may be a cripple in the poor suburbs of dublin, but when you are headstrong enough you will have no problems at all. if you can only operate your left foot you are still good enough to be a painter or a writer. the worst thing you can do when you are mentally challenged is to indulge in self-pity. it won't get you anywhere and the only person who'll pity you will be yourself.

hard to imagine this film is based on a true story, and how christy managed to accomplish the miracle is so heart-stirring. daniel day-lewis is a chameleon, really hard to imagine how much effort he had done to create this disabled character. watching him on screen is a shocking and breathtaking experience.the movie is not so pessimistic as i thought before, the story is kinda bright and intriguing. christy is not despised by the normals, his life is also colorful and delightful, although we can be aware of the loneliness and the painful fetter through his eyes.one important factor of christy's success is his mother's support which seems to be more touching, and the unknown actress brenda fricker also deserves her oscar award for this role, this fat little middle-aged woman uses her all to make christy's dream come true. so lucky for christy!and hugh o'conor is also excellent as young christy, what a performance for a child! the love story of christy is very well-done, trustful. christy wants love and nothing can derive him of the right to love, his crush on the beautiful dr. eileen cole (surprisingly played by fiona shaw, i am deeply impressed with her role in harry potter series, the loathsome aunt petunia, so her appearance in this role is really beyond my mind, but anyway, any woman has her own youth...) is paranoiac and offensive, i do have sympathy for him, love is a two-edged sword, happiness and agony are just next to each other.btw, jim sheridan's works are all good (in america, the boxer etc.) except get rich or die trying', god knows why he chose to direct that crap! really a career taint for him, what a pity!

if ever there were an inspiring story that could move anyone, disabled or not, to persevere despite the odds and make it (even when "make it" as an expression, proper, can have a wide berth which is an ultimately personal truth), my left foot is it. it's a hard film to watch at times: seeing the less placid aspects of christy brown's personality emerge in two key scenes -- one when his sister declares she is pregnant and about to get married while his father has a bad reaction, and at a dinner table when the woman who's reached out to him, made him able to communicate effectively, now has announced at a key moment (the inauguration of brown's art) she is about to marry another man -- is tough. very, very tough. more so because this is a man who cannot react accordingly to these events and can only express himself in the only way he knows how: via screams, shrieks, and profanities aimed at hurting himself. however, this is not a story of heartache and family dysfunction even when there is quite a bit of it furnishing the autobiographical account, but that of a man overcoming his severe disability, becoming a functioning human being and a force of be reckoned with in the art world. daniel day lewis won an oscar for his powerful, unforgettable performance as the flawed but tenacious christy brown, and brenda fricker did so as well for her supporting role as brown's solid mother.

a noted cinematic phenomenon of the late eighties and early nineties was the number of oscars which went to actors playing characters who were either physically or mentally handicapped. the first was marlee matlin's award for "children of a lesser god" in 1986, and the next ten years were to see another "best actress" award (holly hunter for "the piano" in 1994) and no fewer than five "best actor" awards (dustin hoffman in 1988 for "rain man", daniel day-lewis in 1989 for "my left foot", al pacino in 1992 for "scent of a woman", tom hanks in 1994 for "forrest gump" and geoffrey rush in 1996 for "shine") for portrayals of the disabled. matlin, who played a deaf woman, is herself deaf, but all the others are able-bodied. this phenomenon aroused some adverse comment at the time, with suggestions being made that these awards were given more for political correctness than for the quality of the acting. when jodie foster failed to win "best actress" for "nell" in 1994 some people saw this as evidence of a backlash against this sort of portrayal. my view, however, is that the majority of these awards were well deserved. i thought the 1992 award should have gone to either clint eastwood or robert downey rather than pacino, but apart from that the only one with which i disagreed would have been hanks', and that was because i preferred nigel hawthorne's performance in "the madness of king george". in that film, of course, hawthorne played a character who was mentally ill. "my left foot" was based upon the autobiography of the irish writer and painter christy brown. brown was born in 1931, one of the thirteen children of a working-class dublin family. he was born with cerebral palsy and was at first wrongly thought to be mentally handicapped as well. he was for a long time incapable of deliberate movement or speech, but eventually discovered that he could control the movements of one part of his body, his left foot (hence the title). he learned to write and draw by holding a piece of chalk between his toes, and went on to become a painter and a published novelist and poet. life in working-class dublin in the thirties and forties could be hard, and the city jim sheridan (himself a dubliner) shows us here is in many ways a grim, grey, cheerless place, very different from our normal idea of the "emerald isle". (sheridan and day-lewis were later to collaborate on another film with an irish theme, "in the name of the father"). against this, however, must be set the cheerfulness and spirit of its people, especially the brown family. much of christy's success was due to the support he received from his parents, who refused to allow him to be institutionalised and always believed in the intelligence hidden beneath a crippled exterior, and from his siblings. we see how his brothers used to wheel him round in a specially-made cart and how they helped their bricklayer father to build christy a room of his own in their back yard. the film could easily have slid into sentimentality and ended up as just another heart-warming "triumph over adversity" movie. that it does not is due to a number of factors, principally the magnificent acting. in the course of his career, day-lewis has given a number of fine performances, but this, together with the recent "there will be blood", is his best. he is never less than 100% convincing as christie; his tortured, jerky movements and strained attempts at speech persuade us that we really are watching a disabled person, even though, intellectually, we are well aware that day-lewis is able-bodied. the other performances which stand out are from fiona shaw as his mentor dr eileen cole, from hugh o'conor as the young christy and from brenda fricker as christy's mother (which won her the "best supporting actress" award). the other reason why the film escapes sentimentality is that it does not try to sentimentalise its main character. christy brown had a difficult life, but he could also be difficult to live with, and the film gives us a "warts and all" portrait. he was a heavy drinker, given to foul language and prone to outbursts of rage. he could also be selfish and manipulative of those around him, and the film shows us all these aspects of his character. of course, it also shows us the positive aspects- his courage, his determination and his wicked sense of humour. day-lewis's acting is not just physically convincing, in that it persuades us to believe in his character's disability, but also emotionally and intellectually convincing, in that it brings out all these different facets of christy's character. his oscar was won in the teeth of some very strong opposition from the likes of robin williams and kenneth branagh, but it was well deserved. 8/10

daniel day-lewis is christy brown, a victim of cerebral palsy who uses "my left foot" to write and paint in this incredible 1989 film. the movie also stars brenda fricker as christy's mother, ray mcanally, fiona shaw and hugh o'conor. their brilliant performances, great script and wonderful direction by jim sheridan help to paint a vivid portrait of christy brown, an artist and writer who died in 1981 at the age of 49.brown was born into a lower middle-class catholic family where his mother was constantly pregnant (22 children in total, 13 of whom survived). his father considered christy mentally retarded as well as physically handicapped, but he would not permit his son to go into a home. the children in the family would bid goodbye to him each day as they went off to school, and then his mother would feed him and talk to him.in the movie, fricker conveys the sense of a woman who, despite being surrounded by a huge family, needs someone to talk to. christy doesn't talk back. eventually a cart is found for him to ride in, and the neighborhood kids, all of whom have known him since he was a baby, include him in all of their activities. the only part of his body that works really well is his left foot, and when the kids find out how well he kicks, they put him into soccer games for just that purpose. one of the nicest parts of the film is the relaxed way the in which the other children treat him.there are many powerful scenes, but none as powerful as christy writing "mother" on the floor holding a piece of chalk between his toes. "he's a true brown," his father declares, hoisting him on his shoulders and carrying him to the pub. walking into the pub, he announces, "my son's a genius." things change when christy grows older because he has a young boy's desires and emotions. he develops crushes, is rejected and goes more into himself, turning to painting. eventually he goes into therapy in a nearby clinic and works with a therapist, eileen (fiona shaw) at home. he falls in love with her. when he finds out she's engaged, he nearly goes crazy. but he survives to live, to paint, to write (three books in total) and to love again.because it's a film, by necessity certain things had to be left out and characters combined. brown wasn't actually diagnosed with cerebral palsy for some time, which was left out of the movie. the therapist eileen is actually a combination of three important therapeutic figures in christy's life, and though we know that his mother believed he had a good mind, in truth, she worked very hard with christy when he was a child teaching him the alphabet, etc. also, before mary, christy had a 12-year relationship with the woman to whom he dedicated "my left foot." and the typical hollywood ending, 9 years before his death where neglect by his wife may have been a factor, doesn't finish the story.despite all of that, christy brown's biopic is incredibly powerful, all the more so because of two performances: hugh o'conor as young christy and daniel day-lewis as the adult christy. o'conor's facial expression and the way he drags his warped body is gut-wrenching. one is exhausted for him and heartbroken at the same time.and what can be said about daniel day-lewis, one of the greatest actors in the world - he brings christy totally to life, a fully fleshed out, intelligent human being capable of swearing, becoming angry, bitter, drunk, pushy, lecherous, funny and loving. a well-deserved oscar won in the same year that tom cruise was nominated for "born on the fourth of july." i remember someone writing a letter to the editor somewhere that cruise was so sensational, what was wrong with the academy? uh, nothing for a change. nothing at all.brenda fricker is amazing as christy's mother, who never stops believing in him and what he can do and who holds her family and husband together during the hard times. the wonderful thing about fricker's performance is that the support, love and work ethic seem to come naturally to the mother. the character would never consider herself a heroine or as someone doing something out of the ordinary. fricker shows us a religious but not fanatic woman who believes her duties on earth are to be a good wife and mother. and no matter what, even when her husband is out of work, throws their daughter out of the house for being pregnant, whatever, she manages. she saves money for christy's wheelchair, she receives photos of her daughter and the baby, she starts building a room for christy in the back of the house. all part of a day's work. a performance worthy of the oscar she received.brown's life was more complicated than this inspiring film, but this is an amazing achievement by all involved and a must-see.

my left foot is an epic outstanding film explaining the life and times of christy brown,who had cerebral palsy,a severe disability and had only the use of his left foot,but he was defiant,he managed to become an artist and writer against all the oddsi have seen this film a lot of times and each time i see it,i find it equally brilliant each time.i wonder how did this amazing film not win an oscer for best picture,it is a shambles by the academy awards. jim shirdan is to me one of the greatest directors in the world.the screenplay,the music and anything else is excellent in this film. as the film goes on,you would nearly feel your in the brown household as everything occurs.ray macanally and brenda fricker are amazing as cristies parents and fiona shaw is equally brilliant as d.r eileen cole,who helps christy on his battle of defiance.the irish film industry had noting much to its name before my left foot.my left foot was the start of a wonderful period in irish film. films so powerful and brilliant such as the field,the crying game,in the name of the father and michael collins followed my left foot.these irish films were regarded so highly around the world and were nominated for multiple oscers and won some,a wonderful period for irish film.my left foot is a powerful outstanding film.daniel day-lewis plays the crippled christy brown so well and so brilliantly and the same goes for hugh o conner who plays young christy.to me those two performances are two of the best ever film performances,especially daniel day-lewis's performance which i would regard as high as antony hopkins in the silence of the lambs. daniel day-lewis has proved in his career that he is an great actor.this is an excellent masterpiece in film,see it!

seriously, can you imagine such a spread of talent in one film without a huge budget: daniel day-lewis, ray mcanally, brenda fricker, hugh o'conor and fiona shaw? there's no doubting that fricker and day-lewis deserved their awards: but it would have been entirely justifiable to have seen o'conor (as young christie) and mcanally awarded: the cliché is true here: they don't perform the roles, they inhabit them. day-lewis' performance is a tour de force - such a transformation that it is awe-inducing, but it was truly a mark of the academy's intelligence that alongside this performance, they also honoured brenda fricker's beautifully restrained, still and heart-wrenching work as christie's mother. by the way, if you haven't seen this magnificent actress in "swann", that's another film well worth checking out for her contribution (and the sublime miranda richardson).

daniel day-lewis does a remarkable job of playing christy brown, the artist who grew up with cerebral palsy but managed to have a productive life, dealing successfully with his handicap and becoming a respected artist and writer.the film, however, is a very difficult one to review--or even watch. fortunately, i had the caption feature on to catch every spoken word which would have been impossible if i saw the film in a theater. while i respect it as a brave piece of work dealing with difficult subject matter, i can't say it's the sort of film i'd want to view more than once.nevertheless, my attention was held by the story-telling device, a flashback framed by the present, in which we see christy being honored for his achievements before we see the flashback to his youth and his struggles to communicate with those around him, who certainly gave him loving care.daniel day-lewis certainly is remarkable as the troubled man who falls in love with a therapist (fiona shaw), much to his mother's fear that when the love is not reciprocated his heart will be broken. there's a painfully long scene in a restaurant where he confesses his love to her before others and then goes into a frenzied rage after drinking too much.brenda fricker does a brilliant job as the mother taking care of him, his father and a brood of siblings while struggling to keep a roof over their heads until day-lewis begins to have success with his work. she complements day-lewis' performance as the warm-hearted mother and shares many poignant moments with him.richly detailed story of a family that stayed together under the most unusual of circumstances with attention to period detail in every frame of the film. both fricker and day-lewis won oscars, but hugh o'conor and ray mcanally are also excellent. o'conor is christy as a boy and mcanally is the father who spends too much time at the local pub but loves the boy.summing up: elmer bernstein's music is an added plus factor. well worthwhile, but definitely not a film for everyone.

even if you know absolutely nothing about ireland, you have to love "my left foot" (and especially daniel day-lewis' performance in it). he plays cerebral palsy-afflicted christy brown. due to this, he has spent most of his life ostracized. even when trying to warn people about something, they just laugh at him. the light in the darkness for him is that he has control over one body part: his left foot. he uses that appendage to paint and write poetry, bringing him to prominence.daniel day-lewis and director jim sheridan did very well on this collaboration, and also on a later collaboration: "in the name of the father" (but "the boxer" was unnecessary). "my left foot" can make you feel many ways: sad, hopeful, or something else. but in any case, daniel day-lewis gave the performance of a lifetime here. a great movie in every sense.

the most important thing about this movie is the brilliant performance by daniel day-lewis and hugh o'conor as christy brown, guineas artist and fighter who despite of her physical condition overcame all the odds. as a person who did work with patients with cerebral palsy, i can assure you that their performance were shockingly convincing. the enormous support that christy got form his family, low-income, working class dubliners, encouraged him to do the impossible and this picture depicted this support brilliantly have not read the book, but the dialogs were written wisely to capture christy brown's witty arrogant personality. i do recommend this movie to everyone, especially to classic movie-lovers.

as someone who has lived with cerebral palsey for over forty years, i find this movie to be inspirational. if someone with such a severe case of cp as christie brown has can do so much, then there's no reason that i couldn't achieve my own dreams. daniel day-lewis and brenda fricker both give awesome performances.

daniel day lewis is one of the best actors of our time and one of my favorites. it is amazing how much he throws himself in each of the characters he plays making them real.i remember, many years ago, we had a party in our house - the friends came over, we were sitting around the table, eating, drinking the wine, talking, laughing - having a good time. the tv was on - there was a movie which we did not pay much attention to. then, suddenly, all of us stopped talking and laughing. the glasses did not clink, the forks did not move, the food was getting cold on the plates. we could not take our eyes off the screen where the young crippled man whose entire body was against him and who only had a control over his left foot, picked up a piece of chalk with his foot and for what seemed the eternity tried to write just one word on the floor. when he finished writing that one word, we all knew that we had witnessed not one but three triumphs - the triumph of a human will and spirit, the triumph of the cinema which was able to capture the moment like this on the film, and the triumph of an actor who did not act but who became his character.jim sheridan's "my left foot" is an riveting, unsentimental bio-drama about christy brown, the man who was born with cerebral palsy in a dublin slum; who became an artist and a writer and who found a love of his life.i like every one of day lewis's performances (i have mixed feelings about his performance in gony) but i believe that his greatest role was christy brown in "my left foot"

let me state at the outset that i have cerebral palsy and i went into this film expecting to have to make allowances for the lead performance. i left the theater half-convinced that they'd cast an actor who had cerebral palsy in the role, even though i knew that was not the case. the performances were generally excellent, with a special nod to brenda fricker and to hugh o'conner (i believe that's his name) as the young christy brown. christy is talented, brash, arrogant, at times vulgar and petulant-in other words, human. this film, along with gaby: a true story and the documentary king gimp, are excellent portrayals of life with cp. by no means a complete portrait, but fine examples of the disabled as human beings. most highly recommended.

the zenith of two brilliant careers. david lynch, better known for less accessible material, crafts a delicate and exquisite story around the most unlikely premise. a man travels to see his estranged brother. having no other means of transportation, his journey takes him over six weeks on a lawn mower. richard farnsworth, in his last film, delivers a stunningly layered and nuanced performance in the starring role. achingly beautiful in its exultation of small things, straight story is a classic cinema experience that must not be missed. sissy spacek is notable as farnsworth's daughter, an impaired middle-aged woman living with the loss of her children.

this movie is maybe the most touching and uplifting one that i have ever seen. i am not a religious person, but sometimes a great piece of art like this movie can give me an almost religious experience. one suddenly realizes that there is really meaning to life.i must admit that when i first heard about this movie i was sceptical. i thought the plot sounded contrived and i was afraid that the story would be banal. but being a david lynch fan i decided to give it a go. it took me about 30 minutes to be fully captured by the movie, but then i was completely lost in it. there is so much wisdom and warmth in this movie! i left the cinema feeling that i had truly learned something valuable about life.this is not a typical david lynch movie, and in some ways it was very surprising that he should make such a film after exploring the dark sides of human nature for so many years. on the other hand, i am not surprised that he manages to convey deep emotions and profound human insight because i also thought he managed that very well in the elephant man. lynch is one of the most gifted directors around and i think the straight story is his best yet. 9.5/10

lovely piece of good cinema. this is one of those films that you see smiling and you do not know why. well, one of the reasons could be that we are before one of the most surprising directors today, and he is able to film emotions.when you are watching the film you can feel what mr. straight was feeling when he took the decision to go to visit his brother with his "marvellous" john deere. what changed in his mind?, what changed in your mind when you watched this film?a beautiful fraternal love story.

this, i think, is one of the best pictures ever made. it's so pure and beautiful. it really touched me. i'm glad david lynch proved that a film doesn't necessarily need sfx, a twisting, complicated plot or flashy images. way to go,dave. i'd like to see cronenberg do that!

if it's action and adventure you want in a movie, then you'd be best advised to look elsewhere. on the other hand, if it's a lazy day and you want a good movie to go along with that mood, check out "the straight story."richard farnsworth puts on a compelling performance as the gentle and gentlemanly alvin straight, in this true story of alvin's journey on a riding mower across three states to see his estranged brother who has had a stroke.farnsworth is perfect in this role, as he travels his long and winding road, making friends of strangers and doling out lots of grandfatherly type advice about family along the way. the story moves along as slowly as the riding mower, but somehow manages to keep the viewer watching, waiting for the next life lesson alvin's going to offer.stretch out on the couch, relax and enjoy. it's the only way to watch this very good movie, which rates a 7/10 in my book.

i was watching this movie at one of my usual time, which is real real late at night. usually if a movie doesn't interest me, i start falling asleep and have to raid the fridge to stay awake.at first i thought that's what i had to do since this movie's pacing started off slow, along with the fact that its shots tended to linger with the character for a long time. but after a bit, i start getting more into the movie, as more is revealed about the main character through his story telling. by the end, you feel like you've known him your whole life. the movie kept my interest so much that i didn't even know the sun was about to rise.not much of lynch's bizzare style, but there is enough of quirky characters to make the film amusing.

perhaps the most personal of david lynch's works is his most accessible. this time, rather than the enigmatic thematic structures that may or may not involve a plot or represent anything more than vivid nightmares, lynch provides a reflective, fragile meditation on the universal subjects of aging and family and finds reassurance in both. the simple true story of an iowa farmer (richard farnsworth) who rides a lawn mower to wisconsin to visit his estranged, stricken brother, there are still plenty of the unique and original visual dreamscapes (some rather striking aerial shots of the heartland, filmed by veteran cinematographer freddy francis) to make it an undeniable lynch effort and characterizations that are some of his most unforgettable. farnsworth is excellent in a stoic yet personable way, allowing the stories he hears on his journey to become a part of his life, and sissy spacek turns in some of her finest work in a smaller role as his mentally challenged yet observant daughter (whose painful secret is revealed in a poignant way through a gentle turn in the sensitive script by john roach and mary sweeney) but the rest of the small cast to a person delivers indelible performances, one of the most notable being barbara robertson, whose accidental killing of a deer is both uproarious and sad at the same time. but that's vintage lynch with his ability to engage and unsettle you at his best. to those unfamiliar with lynch or know him only by his violent, disturbing reputation, this is an excellent place to begin; for those who know his work, this is one of the finest in his repertoire.

like his early masterpiece "the elephant man" lynch proves to his detractors that he can tell a straight, simple story without losing his artistic touch. this is a true story of an elderly retired man (expertly played by richard farnsworth) who decides to ride a tractor across a few states to pay a final visit to his estranged brother who now stands at death's door. a beautiful score from badalamenti, exquisite photography of rural life (love those aerial corn-field shots), and a sly director's hand that reveals man's basic humanity, this is a beautiful slice of life film. its extremely slow pace may lull some viewers to sleep, but those who stay for along for the ride will be well rewarded in the end.

on paper, this movie would sound incredibly boring. the idea of a 75-year-old man traveling the country-side on a riding mower certainly doesn't have much appeal to it, but the real power behind the film is its charm and its intelligence. writers will not find a better study of what makes a movie work than "the straight story."the perfect example of this is a scene in which alvin meets a runaway teenage girl. she's pregnant and afraid of what her parents would do if they found out. alvin tells her a story about his own kids, long ago. he had them each take a stick and break it, which they could easily do. then he had them bundle the sticks and try to break them. "that bundle," he said, "is family." so many other movies would feel compelled to continue and make sure we knew that an individual could be broken but together the members were stronger. "the straight story" realizes that we're smart enough to understand this and simply leaves us to contemplate the thought and draw our own conclusions.alvin's journey across iowa is full of such refreshingly un-hollywood character interactions. each interaction is full of warmth and humor, and alvin is so cute riding his mower that we can't help but smile as he makes his way to wisconsin to make peace with his brother, lyle, who has suffered a stroke. and the simplicity of the final scene emphasizes that the real story here is not the destination but the journey. it's a journey in which alvin shares his life with everyone he meets--to their benefit and ours. it's a slow, simple, relaxing ride meant to remind us of all that we've lost with the urbanization of america."the straight story" is the rare live-action "g"-rated movie that truly should not be missed. grade: a

always fancied this film from the video cover. eventually got round to buying it for a fiver in a sale and boy what a film. a simply stunning performance from all of the case and it's filmed so beautifully. even at times from a distance so you can barely hear what the dialogue is, as if you really are that distance away picking up bits of the tale. it's really moving, frequently amusing and very watchable. not much dialogue but is filmed in such a way that you feel so much throuout. a 9/10 from me. a must see.

mulholland drive made me the definitive fan of david lynch. he's a modern genius, because he's not only a film-maker. his stories and his style have a spell that cross the screen. so the straight story was quite a surprise to me, with its easy to follow storyline and sunny sets. still, lynch is there, and, while this is far from his best, it's a film not to be missed. late richard farnsworth's performance is one of the reasons.8/10

well, it definitely is unlike anything else directed by lynch. no supernatural stuff, no violence, no profanity. nevertheless, it is a beautiful flick. it's a little slow but perhaps that was intentional because it's the story of an old man's 6-week(that's my best guess for its duration) journey. the characters are everyday people and thus, they are believable. the performances are good and the final scene was incredibly touching. everyone who has a sibling can relate to it. lyle and alvin don't even have to say anything. for a moment they are back in the old days and all the fighting is forgotten.

"the straight story" is a truly beautiful movie about an elderly man named alvin straight, who rides his lawnmower across the country to visit his estranged, dying brother. but that's just the basic synapsis...this movie is about so much more than that. this was richard's farnworth's last role before he died, and it's definitely one that he will be remembered for. he's a stubborn old man, not unlike a lot of the old men that you and i probably know. "the straight story" is a movie that everyone should watch at least once in their lives. it will reach down and touch some part of you, at least if you have a heart, it will.

it's nice to see a film with real people with honest feelings. sissy spacek is so absolutely convincing as a simple, yet nice, daughter to robert farnsworth,who finally, in his last role, gets to show what a fine actor he was. it is hard to believe that this is a david lynch film. it is slow and even, sweet and moving. one of the best unless you like car chases, sex scenes, and violence.

[no spoilers]being a david lynch film, one could have the idea that it depicts that enigmatic mind of his like the majority of his feature films do. but it is a very straight story as the title might hint. don't except to be caught in the usual lynchian void of incomprehensibility that usually occurs after viewing i.e. lost highway. it is a simple film but it is indeed a great film. that is both from a innovative and an entertaining aspect. it's innovative because it so not lynch. but maybe that is lynch. he likes to twist our minds and therefore puts together a film that might seem very mainstream and far from lynch himself. being a very avantgarde director, he might just make a film like this just to tease his regular audience because he knows what they expect but he doesn't give it to them. that would be crafty.the pace of the film is slow. i would almost say lawn mower speed... don't expect an action orgy, but the film is truly entertaining for the ones who go with the flow of the film. look carefully for those small details that lynch plot throughout the movie for our entertainment. look for the great cinematography that makes this film come to life. and listen to badalamenti's score and the main theme that really animates the iowa and wisconsin landscapes shown frequently. farnsworth puts in one of his best performances in this film, making him one of the most likeable ol' men ever depicted on film. he doesn't have to say anything to express his feelings and thoughts. his cheerfulness just shines right through him and his acting earned him an oscar nomination. need i say that his weak health in this film wasn't acted? he was diagnosed with cancer and shot himself right after this film was complete. that knowledge just puts more emphasis on the film because it becomes more of a homage to farnsworth. all of the above form a very nice motion picture that is suitable for all kinds of people that like a film the way they are supposed to be done. one could ask for homilies that aren't that obvious and a bit naive but it doesn't ruin the overall picture, being that it is a memorable motion picture. 9/10.

the straight story is the tale of an old man who decides to visit his sick brother who lives across the state line. he decides to make the trip on his lawnmower as he can't drive and he wants to make the rip by himself. the film beautifully depicts his journey and the lives he touches along the way. richard farnsworth turns in a beautiful performance as do the rest of the cast, most notably sissy spacek in an endearing performance as his daughter, and harry dean stanton in a small but infinitely crucial role.at first i felt that a story of an old geezer trip across the country side would be dull but i soon discovered that lynch with all the insights in to the man life makes this a movie i would recommend to anyone.

david lynch usually makes films that resemble puzzles put together the wrong way. they are interesting to look at and think about but they really don't gel in your mind. perhaps art will always mean the most to its creator.the straight story is not a typical david lynch film. not that there's anything typical about them anyway. it's an odyssey through rural america. a real life journey alvin straight took on a lawn mower to get to his brothers house. he rode 300 miles from laurens, iowa to mt. zion, wisconsin to make amends to his sick brother for past offenses.at the heart of this film is sweet voiced richard farnsworth. he brings alvin straight right to us in a simple and honest way. the fact that the film is slow paced matches alvin's slow journey toward realization.along the way alvin meets a confused and frightened young girl. she is pregnant and has decided to run away from her situation. after listening to alvin speak about family she reconsiders.later alvin witnesses a distraught woman kill a deer with her car. she complains that she has killed several and leaves. alvin feels bad but is smart enough to cook up some dear meat that night.later alvin's lawn mower loses its brakes and nearly kills him. a nice man and his wife let him stay in their yard while he gets it fixed. they even let him call his sweet but slow daughter, nicely played by sissy spacek, whose haunted by a terrible tragedy in her own past. alvin insists on paying for the call. the man even offers to drive alvin to his brothers with pleasure. alvin declines with thanks.while alvin waits he also goes off to a bar with a kindly old man as they discuss the harshness of war and the price it took on their souls. alvin even confesses a fatal mistake he made as a sniper that has forever haunted him.alvin also encounters two bickering brothers who've repaired his lawn mower. he talks them down in price wisely calling them on their high labor and repair costs. he even helps them to appreciate one another learning from his own mistakes with his brother.the night before alvin leaves the man's yard he takes his hat off to him. the man tells him it was an honor having him stay and asks alvin to write to him. this scene is perfect in it's simplicity. it's heartfelt because it's so straight, so real.the journey continues and we can't help to get more and more involved with it. we want alvin to get to his brothers. we want him to make amends. we want to know this world is full of forgiveness.this was richard farnsworth at his best. it was his last film and his performance was amazing. you can't help but to understand his pride, to listen to his wisdom, and to ultimately feel his pain. one becomes as taken with him as the man who offers him his back yard to stay in.if there's justice in the afterlife then alvin straight, his brother, and richard farnsworth are together sitting at a bar. i can picture them discussing their lives, regrets, hopes, and joys. as alvin says in the film, "my brother and i used to look up at the stars." well, i know they all are with the best view in the house.

this is one of the greatest films i have ever seen: i glowed inside throughout the whole film. the music and cinematography held the spell when little was happening on screen. the slow pace was set by the mode of travel (a riding lawn mower with a big trailer) and was maintained by the background sights and sounds and the slow-paced lives of the other characters.the story actually happened; alvin straight died in 1996 at the age of 76. there was no acting; everything was completely real, as if the actors had actually transformed into the characters. sissy spacek gave a poignant performance as a somewhat disabled daughter who had suffered much but forged ahead, always wanting to do the right thing. richard farnsworth was cast perfectly and he beautifully became alvin straight, a stubborn but loving elderly man who treks across iowa to visit his estranged brother, lyle, who has had a stroke. alvin had learned much wisdom during his life and that seemed to bring out the best in the people that he encountered along the way.the film underscores the importance of family to this man and, hopefully, to all of us. i eagerly anticipate seeing it again, and again. directed by david lynch, this films proves his directorial skill. farnsworth was nominated for an academy award for best actor; at 79, he was the oldest nominee ever for that award.

david lynch's (1999) film of john roach / mary sweeney's story is set in iowa and wisconsin some time well before the film's eventual release.we come into the life of alvin straight (richard farnsworth) late on in life. his medical condition is poor, his life is mostly behind him and he knows it.this makes what he decides to do, even more remarkable and endearing. he decides (and at every point in the film his own name reverberates through his actions) to put a few things straight.alvin is, by this time in his life, a man of great experience but modest means. his daughter rose (sissy spacek) struggles with a speech impediment that makes communication a great effort on the audience's behalf. but it's worth it, because rose's story cannot help but come out as the film progresses.this film is the story of a journey. but like all journeys it is a journey in the geographical sense and in the human sense. early on in the film, we begin to understand that this is an ambitious journey, which no elderly gentleman of alvin's age should reasonably undertake.but along the way, we slowly learn how alvin has so many qualifications which equip him to achieve his unlikely objective. his objective is very simple and straightforward. his brother is ill and likely to die and he wants to visit him. he has had a falling out with him many years ago and they have not spoken in a very long time.along the way, alvin meets many people. the way he behaves towards them and the benefit they get from having known him is the essence of this film. we come to know who alvin straight is, from what alvin straight does. and at the end of the film, we know who we are .. better.

upon the straight story release in 1999, it was praised for being david lynch's first film that ignored his regular themes of the macabre and the surreal. based on a true story of one man and his journey to visit his estranged brother on a john deere '66 mower, at first glance its an odd story for lynch to direct. yet as the story develops you can see some of lynch's trademark motifs coming through.lynch's focus on small town america and its inhabitants is still as prevalent as in his previous efforts such as blue velvet or twin peaks, but the most notable difference is that the weirdness is curbed down. the restrictions imposed means that the film has the notable accolade of being one of the few live action films that i can think of that features a g rating. incredibly significant, this films stands as evidence that beautiful and significant family films can be produced.the straight story was the first feature which lynch directed where he had no hand at writing. for many lynch devotees this was a huge negative point. almost universally acclaimed, the only overly negative review by james brundage of filmcritic.com focused on this very criticism, that it wasn't a typical lynch film. "lynch is struggling within the mold of a g-rated story that isn't his own." brundage claims, with his protagonist alvin straight "quoting lines directly from confucious." he argues that the story is weak and the dialogue even worse. yet this is about the only criticism that many will read for the film. whilst it is true that it is not lynch in the sense of eraserhead, lost highway or mulholland drive - all films which i also adore, the straight story features a different side of lynch that is by no means terrible. if you are a lynch fan, it is most important to separate that side of lynch with this feature.the narrative is slow and thoughtful, which gives you a real sense of the protagonist's thoughts as he travels to his destination. alvin constantly is reminded about his past and his relationships with his wife, children and his brother. yet particularly significant is that there are no flashbacks, which only adds to the effect, which reminded me of my conversations with my grandparents. the conclusion arrives like watching a boat being carried down a slow meandering river and it is beautiful to watch. the natural landscapes of the us are accentuated and together with the beautiful soundtrack by angelo badalamenti, makes me yearn to go to america. the performances are also excellent with every actor believable in their roles and richard farnsworth is particularly excellent. his oscar nomination was greatly deserved and it was a shame that he didn't win. regardless, however it is probably the finest swan-song for any actor. so whilst the straight story features none of lynch's complex narratives or trademark dialogue, the film is a fascinating character study about getting old and comes highly recommended!

who would have thought that a movie about a man who drives a couple hundreds of miles on his lawn mower to see his brother, could possibly be good cinema? i certainly didn't. i thought i knew what to expect: one of the most boring experiences of my life. well i was as wrong as i haven't been wrong too often yet, because this is one of the best, most realistic and honest hollywood films i've ever seen...giving a short resume of "the straight story" isn't very difficult. it's about an old and stubborn man who steps on his lawn mower and drives off to another state to pay his brother a visit when he hears that the man has had a severe stroke. that's already special on itself, but what makes it even more special is the fact that he hasn't seen his brother in ten years because of some stupid argument. in the meantime he has his share of bad luck and problems, but he also meets a lot of people whose lives he influences in one way or another with his philosophical approach to life. despite all the difficulties he drives on for weeks, not knowing if he will reach his goal: seeing his brother again before it's too late...i can easily understand why there are people who don't like this movie and that's also the reason why i will not say that these people don't have a heart or things like that... this movie hasn't got any flashy action scenes, it is as slow as the lawn mower the man is driving on and no, you don't have to watch it for the nice soundtrack either, because there isn't any. but why should you watch it then? well, the simple answer is the story. i haven't seen such a touching movie with such a powerful story very often and the fact that this actually comes from hollywood and - to make things even better - from the disney studio's (that's right, the same studios that overwhelm us with sugar sweet nonsense) makes it even more special. i'm not ashamed to admit that i had the tears in my eyes a couple of times while watching it, probably because the whole situation of not seeing someone for many years because of some stupid argument is all too realistic for me.some people will argue that the story is very shallow, but i really don't agree with that. perhaps it is because they only see that old man driving on his lawn mower and don't want to think any further. if you look close enough than you'll understand that this man is doing all this because he knows he has once been wrong, that only his pride stood in the way of seeing his brother again and that he wants everybody else to see that too, so they won't make the same mistake. if that isn't deep enough, how much deeper does a story have to go for you then? i would also like to add that this movie really had it all. some beautiful landscapes (finally an american movie that shows something else than the skyline of new york, chicago or some other big city), some very fine acting by richard farnsworth, sissy spacek,... and a very understandable way of telling despite the fact that this is a david lynch movie. i know now that i was completely wrong by assuming that this movie wouldn't be to my taste. it's one of the very best movies i've seen in a long time. this movie aimed for my heart and hit the bull's eye. i give it the full 10/10.

the straight story is a multilevel exploration of the goodness and beauty of america. at one level a slow walk through the heartland, it's kind inhabitants, and amber grain, at another level about growing old and remembering what is important(and actively forgetting what isn't). david lynch gives us time in this movie and helps me to remember that so much can be said with silence. a remarkable movie that will rest gently with me for some time to come.

after seeing this film i feel like i know just a little bit more about the usa. david lynch is synonymous with shock value and weird for weirdness sake, and indeed these elements are not missing from the straight story. however it is in a light that i have not witnessed from lynch before. we begin with a simple family living a quiet life but end up with an array of absurdly interesting characters with depth in their lives that cannot be apparent from their introduction. especially moving was the bar scene with two wwii veterans discussing the events of fifty years ago and how it still affected their current lives and emotions. if you are looking for wild at heart or dune, don't look here. but if you are looking for real people with real stories this is the film for you.

it takes patience to get through david lynch's eccentric, but-- for a change-- life-affirming chronicle of alvin straight's journey, but stick with it. though it moves as slow as straight's john deere, when he meets the kind strangers along his pilgrimage we learn much about the isolation of aging, the painful regrets and secrets, and ultimately the power of family and reconciliation. richard farnsworth caps his career with the year's most genuine performance, sad and poetic, flinty and caring. and sissy spacek matches him as his "slow" daughter rose who pines over her own private loss while caring for dad. rarely has a modern film preached so positively about family.

whenever i hear a movie being touted because it has no sex, violence, bad language, special effects, and so on, my b.s. detector goes off. usually, a movie like that is sentimental hogwash which panders to people who don't want anything to surprise them, but to affirm how superior they are to us craven folk. so when david lynch's the straight story began getting those kinds of reviews, i was apprehensive, especially since i was not a fan of his other "uplifting" story, the elephant man. for all the stunning images and the good acting in that film, it seemed more interested in preaching to us than inspiring us.i needn't have worried. the straight story is an honest movie rather than a saccharine one. most of that is due to the fact that lynch and writers john roach and mary sweeney tell it straight and simple for the most part. there are a couple of homilies by straight i could have done without, and the shots of grain being harvested are repeated a little too much, but those are only quibbles. there's no heavy-handed message, no sentimental strings to jerk our emotions, and no condescension towards us and its characters. instead, they depend on the story to build its own power, and it does, so by the final scene, we are genuinely moved.of course, casting richard farnsworth adds realism to the part. he really is someone who looks like he's lived through a lot but still perseveres, and except for those homilies, the desire he has to get back together with his brother doesn't seem overly sentimental, because you can sense here is someone who's lived too long and seen too much to be driven by anger for long. and he knows his time is running out, so he wants to make some peace, not only with his brother, but with his life. sissy spacek also does fine, unmannered work as straight's daughter. and although i am a city and suburban boy, the iowa and wisconsin landscape are beautifully shot, making me want at least to visit some day.

"a truly nice story with a moral about brotherly love" describes this odd david lynch film. this was especially "odd" because it wasn't the kind of film lynch had been putting out in the last 15 -20 years. those were dark and shocking films (blue velvet, wild at heart, mulholland drive) and this is the opposite. i know it disappointed a lot of his fans. others were delighted by it. count me as one of the latter, and i own all three of those "dark" films, too.this was another supposed-true life story, here detailing an elderly man's trip in a seated lawnmower from western iowa all the way to wisconsin to see his ailing brother who he hasn't talked to in years but wants to see before the latter dies. well, i guess that premise - an old man driving a lawn mower 400 miles - still makes this an "odd" film of sorts, so lynch stays in character with that! richard farnsworth plays the title role. he is the type of guy, face-wise, voice-wise, low-key personality-wise, that just about everyone likes. the wrinkles on his face tell many a story. it was so sad to hear what happened to him in real life a year after this film was released.the first 25 minutes of this film isn't much, and not always pleasant as it shows the main character's adult and mentally-challenged child (sissy spacek) and her tragic past, but once alvin straight (farnsworth) begins his trip, the story picks up. i played this for several friends and they thought the film never picked up, but i am more generous with it. i think it's a hidden gem. to them, it was a sleeping pill.i found his trip pretty fascinating but you have to realize in advance this is not going to be a suspenseful lynch crime story. it is slow and if that's okay with you, you might like this. charm enters the picture in some of people alvin meets along the way, such as a wayward young girl running away and some nice town folks who help the old man out when he gets in trouble. (henry cada as "daniel riordan, is a standout in that regard.) harry dean stanton gets third billing, but that's a joke: he's only in the final few minutes of the movie!the iowa scenery is pleasant. i lived there for several years and can attest to the rolling hills and the rich soil. it's a nice state with nice people....like this movie.

i have always been a fan of david lynch and with this film lynch proved to critics that he has the talent, style, and artistic integrity to make films outside of the surreal aura that he's become known for in the past decade. as much as the film is g-rated, it's pure lynch in style, pacing, and tone. the film moves at a masterfully hypnotic pace and is filled with scenes of genuine emotion and power.the cinematography is terrific, as is to be expected from a lynch film, and the transitional montage sequences are breathtaking. it's also very refreshing to see a film where the characters are all friendly, kindhearted folk and not unmotivated characters that are clearly labeled as being either "good" or "evil".richard farnsworth turns in a beautiful performance as do the rest of the cast, most notably sissy spacek in an endearing performance as his daugher, and harry dean stanton in a small but infinitely crucial role.with this film, david lynch proved to critics that he could make a powerful moving motion picture just like he did in the 80's with 'blue velvet' and 'the elephant man'. critics seemed to lose faith in the past decade after he produced such surreal films as 'twin peaks: fire walk with me' and 'lost highway' but with this film he showed that there was method to fwwm and lh, and it looks as if critics finally caught on with his recent film 'mulholland drive', considering the high praise it's received and the oscar nomination for lynch.'straight story' is to me one of the most moving motion pictures i've ever seen. it's a loving story about family, friendship, and the kindness of strangers. i would highly recommend it.

this is not a movie for fans of the usual eerie lynch stuff. rather, it's for those who either appreciate a good story, or have grown tired of the run-of-the-mill stuff with overt sentimentalism and oprah-ish "this is such a wonderful movie! you must see it!"-semantics (tho' she is right, for once!).the story unfolds flawlessly, and we are taken along a journey that, i believe, most of us will come to recognize at some time. a compassionate, existentialist journey where we make amends för our past when approaching ourt inevitable demise.acting is without faults, cinematography likewise (occasionally quite brilliant!), and the dialogue leaves out just enough for the viewer to grasp the details od the story.a warm movie. not excessively sentimental.

perhaps more than many films, this one is not for everyone. for some folks the idea of slowing down, reflecting and allowing things to happen in their own time is a good description of their personal hell. for others an approach like this speaks to some deep part of themselves they know exists, some part they long for contact with.i suppose it's a function of where i am in my own life these days, but i count myself in the camp of the latter group. i found the meditative pace of this film almost hypnotic, gently guiding me into some realm almost mythological. this is indeed a journey story, a rich portrayal of the distance many of us must travel if we are to come full circle at the end of our days.much as been written of mr farnsworth's presentation of alvin straight, though i'm not sure there are words to express the exquisite balance of bemused sadness and wise innocence he conjured for us. knowing now that he was indeed coming to terms with his own mortality as he sat on that tractor seat makes me wish i had had the opportunity to spend time with him before his departure. i hope he had a small glimmer of the satisfaction and truth he had brought to so many people, not just for "acting" but for sharing his absolute humanity with such brutal honesty.given the realities of production economics, i'm not sure full credit has been given mr lynch for the courage he showed in allowing the story to develop so slowly. an outsider to film production, i nonetheless understand there are few areas of modern life where the expression "time is money" is so accurately descriptive. going deep into our hearts is not an adventure that can be rushed, and to his credit mr lynch seems to have understood that he was not simply telling a story--he was inviting his viewers to spend some time with their own mortality. no simple task, that.if you'd like to experience the power of film to take introduce you to some precious part of yourself, you could do worse than spending a couple of hours with the straight story. and then giving yourself some time for the next little while simply listening to its echoes in the small hours of the night.

i went into the straight story expecting a sad/happy type drama with nice direction and some good acting. these i got. what i wasn't expecting was an allegory for the trials of human existence. leave it to lynch to take a simple story about a 300 mile trip on a lawnmower and turn it into a microcosm for the human condition.if you didn't notice, watch it again, paying attention to the ages of the people alvin meets, the terrain he's driving through, the reactions people give him, the kinds of discussions he has (one of the first is about pregnancy and children, one of the last is outside of a cemetery). the last road he drives down is particulary haunting in this context, as it narrows and his fear and nervousness mount. the last mechanical failure could be seen as a death, and the miraculous rebirth of his engine relating to an afterlife, in which he achieves the desired reunion.i only hope some of the people who branded this as a slow sappy melodrama take the time to watch with a more holistic attention.

it's hard to find an outright bad historical drama that's based on the life of any number of british monarchs. just take a well respected british or australian actor, make things look pretty, and you're guaranteed a formula for oscar success.the young victoria is no exception, getting just about everything right, the cinematography striking and beautiful, with soft lights and lush colors and fabrics. starring emily blunt in a role she can finally soar in, the film begins with victoria's 18th birthday and moves through the intrigue and issues that surrounded her eventual rise to the throne and her famous marriage to prince albert (rupert friend). as the young victoria herself laments, she's moved like a chess pawn by a variety of parties as she finds her footing and her voice as one of britain's most influential rulers.while this moving around the chess board is fairly typical territory, it is the development of victoria's relationship with albert that makes the film slightly more interesting. i confess: i have a degree in history with a specialization in the victorian era, so i'm a bit attached to these figures. despite their many flaws as rulers, victoria and albert were some of the first leaders devoted to improving civilization for their people. they left their legacy in the arts, in public health and education, and in victoria's conservative views and mourning culture after albert's death. but these things are only briefly hinted at during the film.it is fairly well established that victoria and albert were not only madly in love, but held a level of respect for each other not usually seen between monarchs in arranged marriages. even if it did occur behind the scenes, their's was certainly one of the best known. blunt and and friend have just the right type of chemistry to do the famous pair justice, the proper mix of restraint and desperation. it's a different love, not usually shown on screen, especially in this sort of film. it's encouraging to finally see a relationship in which man and woman are on a equal playing field.but we don't get to see that love enough. while the filmmakers try to fit the affair amongst the political trappings, it doesn't quite build up the sort of momentum needed to keep the tension high. also, without delving into the more advanced important public work of the pair, things feel a bit in limbo, superficial instead of intimate, and sometimes confusing. it's not as big an issue during the film, but afterward, the effects wear off rather quickly and you find yourself trying to remember what you just watched, despite the perfect performances by the leads, most noticeably blunt who even captures the famous monarch's expressions.for as much as it tries, victoria succeeds on many levels but lacks that certain sparkle that would take it from solid to classic.

i have watched this movie on dvd a couple of times now,the first time, i watched the second half after the hour and then went back to the first hour. an engrossing entertaining film, thank god no kiera knightley in it, refreshing and it gives us all a genuine insight into the difficult life of queen victoria and the difficult choices she had to make. nothing bad about the movie at all, no real bad language or anything of a sexual nature which would offend for family viewing. might prompt the kids to research a little about the queen victoria herself and perhaps lesser known characters such as conroy and lord melbourne

when i first heard about this movie i thought it would be like the duchess(2008), but when i saw the first 30 minutes of the young victoria i knew this wouldn't just be a solid movie. almost everything in this movie is great, the costumes are really amazing and the settings are also beautifully shot.the only thing that really let me down are the performances. emily blunt(the devil wears prada) is the star of the film, bringing victoria to life and with this movie she shows that she is a great actress and maybe picking a first oscar nomination for her performance. rupert friend is almost bland as prince albert but he has great chemistry with emily blunt. paul bettany is also solid as lord melbourne although i expected more of him. jim broadbent and miranda richardson both have supporting roles but are forgettable.to me the film feels like unfinished. maybe that the screenwriters changed too many things in the script, i don't know but that's how i feel about the movie.but overall it's a great movie about the early years of victoria with a great performance from emily blunt.

a new side to the story of victoria and albert is brought to life by director jean-marc valle. most people's cursory thoughts of queen victoria is that of woman who reigned for several decades and lived her life in mourning. emily blunt is more than capable in the title role as she gives audiences a different perspective. she portrays victoria in her youth, ascension to the throne, and early years. blunt's victoria both fresh and restrained throughout the film. her strongest scenes are with albert (rupert friend) and lord melbourne (paul bettany). all the actors acquit themselves well including miranda richardson in what could of been a throw-away role.though this is not a story of dramatic arcs and histrionic "acting" moments, the story is still interesting enough to make it worth viewing. there are a few historical liberties that has been taken by the screen writing, the film tries to stay true to the relationship between victoria and albert and of the social and royal structure of the time period. the set design and costumes are outstanding.this film will be most appreciated by those drawn to history, period dramas, and of blunt and the other actors. heartily recommend.grade: a

i really thought that this movie was superb. not only is the history correct, but the style is sumptuous and yet intimate. i was a fan of emily blunt's portrayal of victoria and how she kept her spirit even though she was forced into a virtual exile while in her youth. blunt depicts the charismatic and sometimes dogmatic manner that vicotria became famous (perhaps infamous) for. the romantic elements of the movie are so genuine and tender that by the end of the movie you genuinely understand why vicotria chose to live the rest of her days in mourning of albert.the technical aspects of the film are worthy of note as well. i appreciated the beautiful score, which moves quite wonderfully along with the dramatic movement of the story. i also considered the cinematography to be outstanding, some scenes leaving me quite breathless because of the lushness and splendor they depict.there have been so few movies this year as beautiful and tender as this film and it rates as one of 2009's best!

the young victoria is a elegantly costumed and reproduced bit of history that benefits from some fine settings, solid direction by jean-marc vallée of stalwart julian fellowes' version of the youthful lass who was to become england's longest reigning monarch - victoria. much of the early portion of the film, that part when victoria is a child whose ascent to the throne is contested by her mother (miranda richardson) and sir john conroy (mark strong) seems to drag and get lost in the multiple costumes and scenery variations. but once victoria (emily blunt) comes of age and is courted by prince albert (rupert friend) the film blooms. blunt is a strong actress and finds that delicate line between girlish infatuation and royal dignity that makes her a fine foil for those at court who would seek to control the 'child queen' - including her secretary lord melbourne (paul bettany). but as she matures into her role as queen her eye dwells on the dashing german prince albert, and a love affair that has lasted in the memories of everyone is matched by the concept of joining royalty with concern for the care of her subjects - much due to the sensitivity of albert. the film takes us to the birth of their first of nine children and then ends with some statements about the influence of queen victoria and prince albert's effect on the various royalties throughout europe! it makes for an evening of beautiful costume drama and allows us to appreciate the growth of two young stars in emily blunt and rupert friend. a solid if not transporting epic. grady harp

with all of the films of recent,dealing with the british monarchy,is it really time for another? answer:you bet! the young victoria is another contribution to the wave of cinema from britain dealing with the royal family. in this case,it deals with the early life of princess victoria,and events leading up to the coronation of her becoming queen of all england,as well as her romance & eventual wedding to prince albert. the film also deals with the tempestuous lives & careers of both england's queen & prince,as well as several other events that transpire (political turmoil,etc.). emily blunt plays a radiant victoria in her youth,while rupert friend is her beloved & best friend,prince albert. the rest of the cast is rounded out with the likes of miranda richardson,as the dutchess of kent,and the always welcome on screen,jim broadbent as king william,as well as a cast of others that shine on screen. jean marc vallee (c.r.a.z.y.,loser love),directs from a winning screenplay by jullian fellowes (vanity fair,gosford park,separate lies). i absolutely went out of my head over the film's visual look (by cinematographer hagen bogdansker),who gave each frame of film a painterly look (with the help of production designer,patrice vermette),as well as some tight editing (by jill bilcock & matt garner). what i also appreciated in fellowes' script is the use of a game of chess,as a metaphor for some of the film's political motivation (the characters in the film move about like the pieces on a chess board). this is smart,well written,directed,filmed,edited & acted entertainment (and enlightenment)that makes for a well spent evening at the cinema. rated pg by the mpaa for a few scenes of sensuality,some brief violence ( a little bloody,although nothing too gory),a rude outburst of language,and some on screen smoking

just when it was easy to assume that a costume drama about royalty couldn't go anywhere, we are given a treat, a moving and intelligent drama anchored by strong and charismatic performances by emily blunt, a marvel in the leading role, paul bettany, rupert friend, miranda richardson, and mark strong, as the immediate forces that help shape the development of one of england's most powerful monarchs. "the young victoria" dramatizes the tumultuous transition of the young woman into power.emily plays the queen, with a good combination of raw strength and innocence, someone who recognizes the complexity of the task at hand, but who possesses enough confidence to move forward. she is able to portray victoria, as an astute young woman who knows she needs support from some key players and must be able to stand up to those who might now have her best interests at hand.victoria must fend a barrage of intrusions on her way to the crown, and even when she takes command of her new position, she discovers the road to self sufficiency will depend on making some very important decisions and of course, the right support. luckily for victoria, there is albert, a man who appears to like her and is her soul mate. there is amazing chemistry between the two performers, and there's little doubt what the outcome will be, but there is the figure of bettany's prime minister, a man who provides victoria with some wise support and is also fond of her.miranda richardson and mark strong shine in supporting roles as two parties who might be of questionable character and exert a considerable amount of power in the upbringing of the young girl. every one of the supporting characters could use a bit more of development, but what we can see in the screen might be enough to keep us focused on the central character and a superb performance by blunt, an actress who has shown enough fire and passion in previous performances. in here, she is given the breakout role of her career, a real life historical figure, who broke the rules and managed to rule for a very long time. she shows the seeds of the strength and character the monarch might have needed in her later years. she also has a sweetness and innocence that became the foundation of her charitable work and future intervention in social changes."the young victoria" is not a royal epic portrayal of england's ruling class. it is an intimate story of how human beings grow up and whatever special circumstances surround and shape them. in the end, the movie is a lovely entry in a year that has shown much emphasis on war and destruction. in here, there is a message that good writing and good mediation can take us very far, and there is of course, a good old fashioned love story.

who knew? dowdy queen victoria, the plump monarch who was a virtual recluse for 40 years after the death of her husband, prince albert, actually led a life fraught with drama and intrigue in her younger days. 'the young victoria' not only chronicles the young queen's romance with her husband-to-be but also does a pretty good job of detailing the political machinations surrounding her ascent to the throne.the act i 'set-up' draws you in right away. following the death of victoria's father, the duke of kent in 1820, less than a year after victoria's birth, the duchess of kent eventually hooked up with former army officer john conroy, who offered his services as comptroller to the widow and her infant queen-to-be. conroy insisted that victoria be raised under the atrocious 'kensington system', rules designed to prevent the future queen from having any contact with other children while growing up. what's more, victoria was forced to sleep in her mother's bedroom everyday until she became queen.the film explains that in 1830 parliament passed the regency act, which established that victoria's mother would become regent (and hence guardian) in the event that victoria acceded to the throne while still a minor. during this time, the duchess and conroy tried to intimidate the hapless princess and insisted that she sign papers making conroy her private secretary and treasurer. strong-willed victoria would have none of it, and refused to go along with conroy's and her mother's nefarious plans. the duchess disliked king william as she regarded him as a philanderer who brought disrespect to the monarchy; the king felt the duchess disrespected his wife. as a result, the duchess attempted to limit victoria's contact with the king. in an over-the-top scene which seemed to actually have occurred in history, the king berated the duchess at his birthday banquet, stating that it was his goal to survive until victoria reached her 18th birthday so that her mother would not become regent.king william kept his word and died a short time after victoria became eligible to accede to the throne. victoria took revenge on her mother for her support of conroy, whom she blamed for making her childhood so miserable. they were both banished to a secluded apartment in buckingham palace and for a number of years victoria had little contact with her mother.'the young victoria' conveys the excitement and pomp and circumstance surrounding victoria's coronation as queen. a good part of the film deals with victoria's relationship with lord melbourne, the whig party prime minister who unfortunately is depicted in the film as much younger than he actually was. in the beginning melbourne gains the young queen's trust and they become good friends. in the early years of her reign, she sees melbourne as a progressive, but later loses respect for him somewhat as he's revealed to be a typical politician, hiding his contempt for the masses whom he's supposed to be championing. in reality, melbourne was more a father figure to victoria, but the film hints at some sexual tension between the prime minister and prince albert, as though they were romantic rivals.the plot thickens when melbourne is forced out and the queen must commission sir robert peel, of the more conservative tory party, as the new prime minister. the film chronicles the events of 'the bedchamber crisis' in which peel resigned after victoria refused to replace some of her bedchamber ladies with the wives of tory politicians. the film leaves out another scandal which involved a lady hastings, one of the duchess's ladies-in-waiting who was accused of having an affair with john conroy and becoming pregnant by him. because of her hatred for conroy, victoria contributed to the nasty rumors being spread about hastings' alleged pregnancy. as it turned out, hastings only appeared pregnant—what she actually had was an abdominal tumor. victoria's inexperience shows during the bedchamber crisis but the film's scenarists ignore some of the more unsavory aspects of her character as evidenced by the hastings affair.the rest of the 'the young victoria' deals with -- of course -- the romance between the queen and prince albert. victoria kept albert waiting, as the film makes clear, since she wanted to acclimate herself to her duties as the new sovereign. they spent a good deal of time corresponding with one another until albert returned to england and gave victoria support during the trying times of the bedchamber crisis.i find a good number of parallels between prince albert and prince philip, the current queen's husband. while philip is mainly danish, he went to school in germany and had in-laws who were of german background. both albert and philip made it their business to reform etiquette in the court (there's a great scene where albert discovers that the servants are still setting a table for king george iii even though he had been dead for years!). albert's struggle was the same for philip—as husbands of monarchs, they had to find something to do. both albert and philip became involved in various civic projects and proved that they didn't have to live continually in the shadow of their ever-popular wives.fortunately there's an excellent scene toward the end of the film where albert infuriates victoria with what she perceives as his 'interference' in her affairs. albert doesn't want a second 'bedchamber crisis' so he goes over his wife's head and arranges a compromise involving victoria's bedchamber ladies. victoria is barely talking to albert when an assassin's bullets almost cuts them both down (in the film albert is shot in the arm but this never happened!).the performances in the film are uniformly excellent, especially the principals, emily blunt and rupert friend. the young victoria ends rather abruptly and the closing credits lean too much toward hagiography (no mention of victoria's depression after albert's death). but 'victoria' is still an engaging drama and fascinating history lesson.

i was initially forced to attend by my wife as she is fascinated by the royal families of britain and their history, and she won't go to the cinema without me. although viewers shouldn't expect to be electrified, this film is very well made and the visual aspect is second to none. in many ways it helps dispel the myth that victoria was the miserable unsmiling dumpy woman usually seen in photographs. she was a bright intelligent and according to the history of her early years, a fun loving happy young woman. her love of albert was the essence of true love, and even if you only count the number of children she bore (9), they must have had a passionate relationship. all of this is well borne out in the film. to this end, the cast has been well selected with both emily blunt and rupert friend giving sound performances as victoria and albert.(spoiler alert) the historical accuracy is somewhat questionable as at no time did prince albert get shot while defending victoria. there was at least one assassination attempt when they were out together, but nobody was struck by the shot/s. i also found it odd that little was done to expand on the allegedly intimate relationship between victoria's mother and sir john conroy. it is quite likely that this relationship was the true reason for victoria's distaste for both her mother and conroy. i also found it odd that there was an attempt to portray the relationship between victoria and lord melbourne as erring on the romantic, or at least having the potential to become romantic. he was already in his late 50's when victoria came to the throne, and while marriages between older men and young women were common in that era, the movie portrays melbourne as being a dashing 30 something and rival to prince albert. there were apparently rivals to albert, but she could never have married even slightly below her station in life, and albert was one of only a handful who would have been acceptable in any case.all in all i have spent worse times at the cinema, and brownie points with my wife can't be a bad thing either.

it is queen victoria's misfortune to be defined as an historical figure according to her relationships with men.shortly after she succeeded to the throne she came under the influence of her prime minister lord melbourne to the extent that she became known as "mrs melbourne".after the death of her beloved husband,albert,she was referred to as "the widow at windsor",and years later,a long friendship with her scottish ghillie john brown earned her the nickname "mrs brown".such is the price women paid in a patriarchal society. the reality is somewhat different and "young victoria" goes some way towards putting the record straight,depicting the queen as an intelligent and independent young woman conscious of the inequities in her society and at her court. courts have always been hotbeds of seething jealousy,plotting and counter-plotting,naked ambition and sometimes,outright murder. as an 18 year old innocent,victoria ascended to her uncle's throne,thus initiating a positive orgy of intrigue and a power-struggle between prime minister lord melbourne and his rival sir robert peel. lord melbourne cuts a dash in the old public school man kind of way with his finely-honed cynicism and his well-polished gems of advice. hardly surprising then that the young queen finds herself in awe of him,and even perhaps a little in love,an awe that he ruthlessly exploits,drawing a fine line between attempted seduction and attempted sedition as he forces his policies through against victoria's better judgement. into the arena rides prince albert,on a mission from king leopold of belgium,keen on political rapprochement between great britain and the rest of europe. at first a reluctant suitor,he soon falls in love with the english queen and palliates the influence of the politicians and courtiers. "the young victoria" is a beautifully photographed,brilliantly-scored and very sumptuous movie.i note that it has been criticised in some quarters for this sumptuousness as if a movie about 19th century english royalty should somehow have shown the empress of india and her family living in rags in a filthy workhouse........i don't think so. i must single out the remarkable miss emily blunt whose beauty reminded me of the young princess margaret's.hers is obviously the pivotal role, and she has absolutely no trouble in dominating the film despite strong performances from mr jim broadbent,miss miranda richardson and miss harriet walter,all immeasurably more experienced. the music is suitably regal and forms a cohesive part of the whole movie without being in any way obtrusive. the fact that britan flourished more under its two great queens,elizabeth the first and victoria,than at any other time is a matter feminists might like to make more of,but,i suspect,like prime minister margaret thatcher really powerful women make them feel uncomfortable.if you can work out why there might be a ph.d . in it.

i saw this on the big screen and was encapsulated with it. the period of queen victoria's younger years are a mystery and this is a perfect description of how a young girl was thrusted into one of the highest roles in the world.the script is perfect, the acting is amazing, the history and attention to detail is out of this world. emily blunt is perfect as victoria. funny how her mother is played by elizabeth the 1st and william iv is played by prince albert! (think blackadder).this portrayal of victoria shows that she was a rebellious young woman once - i'm sure she would have been on jeremey kyle show if it had been around then: "my mother and her boyfriend are trying to steal my life".a perfect piece of a major part of british and commonwealth history.

this is on my top list of all-time favourite films! it is a fantastic and insightful film. it was historically interesting and great to watch! i thought the acting from emily blunt was fantastic and rupert friend was a fantastic albert, the best actor was chosen for albert. the costumes were gorgeous and the settings and scenes such as the opera house, were amazing and detailed. i just loved it, all of it! i loved the childhood scenes were she's getting 'bullied' by john conroy. and where her mother says she has to walk stairs with an adult. one again the writers have done it! they produced this fantastic script! it thoroughly deserves the awards they got. (oscar and bafta wining sandy powell, for costume design. a bafta for best make-up and hair, an oscar in best achievement in art direction, best achievement in costume design, best achievement in makeup. broadcast film critics association awards for best costume design, also nominated for best actress emily blunt. cdg for excellence in costume design for film - period. hampton's international film awards for an audience award for best narrative film. pfcs for best costume design.sudbury cinefest, doesn't say what for. vfcc for best actress, emily blunt.) overall 10 wins and 11 nominations! that pretty good! http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0962736/awards have a look yourself, its really interesting! personally rupert friend should have got an award.

enjoyed the movie very much. certainly will leave the audience wanting to know more, and there is truly a lot more historically to find out!did the production team fall to the temptation of over dramatization, particularly of the shooting event? there is a ton of interesting accurate material hinted at? prince albert's contribution to uk and the monarchy warrants a movie on it's own but granted that was apparently not part of the intention here.the costumes and sets are especially good but am i alone in thinking that this production (which judging by the length of titles at the end was certainly not a cheap one) wanted badly for a british court historical etiquette expert beyond the duchess of york? i.e. did princess victoria really stuff an entire truffle/rissole(?) into her mouth while speaking to the prime minister in the company of his majesty with her mouth full? 'could never really felt that sympathetic to victoriain this movie, or indeed in her shoes at all. yet loved the casting of the principals, whose acting was convincing, so did the script really allow us to really get to know them well? i always felt like a totally detached, uninformed outside observer, much more so than with "mrs. brown" or even "the queen". yet to be honest i still could not take my eyes off the screen, except that is for some of the more avant-garde camera techniques which were distracting from time to time.

the young victoria is a beautiful film and has presented queen victoria in a different light to what everyone thinks about her. the films wipes away the "i am not amused" impression of queen victoria and shows she was a cheerful young woman.as i love history, particularly victorian history, you can imagine my reaction when i first saw this film advertised, i was so so so excited and counted down the days until it came to the cinemas. i was a little worried that it wouldn't be historically accurate, but it was and i loved it. i found out new facts about queen victoria that didn't know before and it interested me greatly.queen victoria in many lights was one of our all time greatest monarchs, and this film paints a picture of her real personality and what her life was like. she was treated so badly by her mothers adviser sir john conroy, because he wanted britain to have a regency. this was what inspired victoria to be a fantastic queen, which she was! the romance between her and albert was so deep and this was very well done by emily blunt and rupert friend, who were both brilliant! the young victoria is a heart felt love story but at the same time a great look into a major part of british history...i love it!!!!!!!!! 10/10 ... no doubt!

i always have a bit of distrust before watching the british period films because i usually find on them insipid and boring screenplays (such as the ones of, for example, vanity fair or the other boleyn girl), but with a magnificent production design, european landscapes and those thick british accents which make the movies to suggest artistic value which they do not really have.fortunately, the excellent film the young victoria does not fall on that situation, and it deserves an enthusiastic recommendation because of its fascinating story, the excellent performances from emily blunt, paul bettany and jim broadbent, and the costumes and locations which unexpectedly make the movie pretty rich to the view.and i say "unexpectedly" because i usually do not pay too much attention to those details."victorian era" was (in my humble opinion) one of the key points in contemporary civilization, and not only on the social aspect, but also in the scientific, artistic and cultural ones.but i honestly did not know about the origins from that era very much, and maybe because of that i enjoyed this simplification of the political and economic events which prepared the landing of modern era so much.i also liked the way in which queen victoria is portrayed, which is as a young and intelligent monarch whose decisions were not always good, but they were at least inspired by good intentions.i also found the depiction of the romance between victoria and prince albert very interesting because it is equally interested in the combination of intellects as well as in the emotions it evokes.the only fail i found on this movie is that screenwriter julian fellowes used some clichés of the romantic cinema on the love story, something which feels a bit out of place on his screenplay.i liked the young victoria very much, and i really took a very nice surprise with it.i hope more period films follow the example of this movie: the costumes and the landscapes should work as the support of an interesting story, and not as the replacement of it.

overall, i thought it a very nice movie - i hate to use the word 'nice' as it's rather dry but it was very beautiful to look at and the central performances by rupert friend and emily blunt were very strong. what i liked most was that despite the gleaming aesthetics of the costumes and the settings, all gilded and shiny, this aspect never took over the heart of the film which was good, strong writing (thank you julian fellowes :d); nothing too flamboyant or saturated with pomp, i.e not sensationalised greatly (when victoria is dragged out of bed to be informed she is now queen, well you couldn't get a less glamorous hand over of the crown). it was paced gently and every line in the film held its worth.undoubtedly the portrayal of the love between victoria and albert, though somewhat fairytale-ish on the face it, was in fact a slow burning candle and friend and blunt did well to show how effortlessly these two people 'fitted' together despite the union being initially arranged (my fave bit was when they come home after hunting and victoria simply hugs her new husband from behind; so much said without any words, that's what film is all about). blunt held her own beautifully as well, she has a face that demands your attention and i can't not mention the costumes that she wears - every one simply gorgeous. if i was blunt i would have trouble parting with any of them! the rest of the ensemble cast all played their roles well, harriet walter as queen adelaide being a highlight.the only qualm i have, is that it lacked a sense of urgency, or an event that could have made the movie a little more exciting? (it was rather tame) i don't know, i wanted 'something' to happen that would have victoria draw out some strength and prove her worth a little more. when she and albert argued, i loved it, i could have done with some more pivotal dramatic moments, though that may be just me.lastly, at the risk of sounding all patriotic, it did renew a sort of pride and awe in the crown and what it takes to be in such a position, especially in one so young. this may be in part to the fact that this film's snap shot of victoria's young life is immediately apt to what i have been writing for one character of mine in 'the sword & the scion' but nevertheless, it did flag up those feelings (for those following my book, can you guess what character victoria so aptly reflects?) it might have been in part to the film displaying how ridiculous the government were back in those times as they didn't seem to give two hoots about the poor and dispossessed of the nation, which only in turns renews appreciation that queen victoria and prince albert were so active in this domestic domain. it made the government appear rather useless - nothing much has changed then i suppose.blog on films and books: http://sempergratis.blogspot.com

what more can be said? i have not been this fascinated with a young actress since cate blanchett burst upon the scene over ten years ago. and although both blanchett and blunt have played queens now( seems to be the benchmark for up and coming actresses), the roles are complete polar opposites.simply put if you are looking for high passion, compelling drama, and machiavellian intrigue, this is not the movie for you. this isn't to say that the script or direction was bad, its just that the subject of the film did not lead too dramatic a life when compared to other notable royals like elizabeth i, anne boylen, henry viii, henry v, henry ii and elainor of acquitane. these are people whose lives were the stuff such as good soap operas are made of and whose policies and decisions altered the course of british ,and in most cases, world history. victoria, in contrast, ascended the throne without incident, she quasi-governed a nation that was fast becoming a global power due to industrialization and the rise of the navy, her state had a stable government led by competent and dynamic politicians, and she married young had a harmonious family life. the facts of her life are not the sturm und drag such as powerful dramas are made of.the heart of the film, aside from the attempt to dramatize her stultifying upbringing and the machinations surrounding her throne, is the story of the one thing that was truly shocking and surprising about her reign- a love story. marriage made for financial or political reasons is with reason not necessarily the place to look for world shaking passion, yet victoria will always be remembered in history as being sort of a patron saint marital fidelity, happiness and ideal family life. thus, central to the film is the budding love of victoria and her prince albert. i was very taken with rupert friend's characterization of albert whom he portrayed as a kind, patient, somewhat earnest and maybe a touch naive young man, looking to" do good in the world and help". in short, he is a good man with a good heart, not the most dynamic figure to base a drama around, but as that is not the point of the story, that does not matter. the heart of the character shines through thanks to friend's understated yet earnest performance. as for the queen, well..emily blunt is sublime. her beauty cannot be denied, but she is more than something pretty to look at; her face is like quicksilver because of her expressiveness. the slightest arch of the eyebrow, glance of the eye or slight wry smile delivers so much. again, this is not a bombastic performance of heavy speeches and impassioned pleas, its not that kind of movie. but what ms. blunt does do with the role is show the simple humanity of the character with potent subtlety. for example, we see the joie de vivre that has been kept in check by victoria's mother ( miranda richardson) and her scheming adviser/lover conroy expressed in the simple things like victoria trying to sketch her dog. we see her delight and fascination upon first meeting albert by her eyes being continually drawn to him. we see her nervous and overwhelmed when addressing parliament upon her ascension. and my favorite scene of all in the film- we see her nervous, happy, and hopeful as she steels herself to do what really most women never have to do in their life- ask the man she loves to marry her, a proposition so ridiculous for those times( and some would say now) that victoria bursts out in nervous laughter before she can even say "marry me". again, this is not a movie for over the top larger than life expressions, but more a study in the subtleties of a character and making the little things say so much.so, overall, i judge the film by what it is and what it tried to do and as such i give it a 7. i felt that some of the politics could be better explained and that some very fine actors were wasted with little do and little character development, namely miranda richardson as the duchess of kent, and the characters of conroy and lord peal. again, the film need not have spent a large amount of time on those characters, but a little more exposition would have helped to explain the political environment. also i would have loved to have seen more of the adjustment to married life between victoria and albert, but that may be just my greed for more scenes between friend and blunt. in summary, don't view this film in terms of a historical drama but for what it really is, a love story between two characters that happen to be historical figures. i give this film a solid 7 for wonderful lead performances, brilliant costumes and scenery and the magnificent victoria of emily blunt. and anyone who has any shred of romance left in them, you will be touched by the end of this movie. god save the queen.

one of those beautifully intense movies that draws us so intimately far in, it ends much to soon! than were left looking at the screen like, "no they didn't!", lol. good performances all around! the acting is marvelous with emily blunt simply outstanding! i knew she would give a solid, convincing performance catching young victoria's regality, temper, and vulnerability through out the entire movie. also, the production is outstanding in every way: style, substance and sensitivity. a remarkable glimpse at a remarkable time in britian's history told via a very personal and touching biography of the school age princess until her reign as queen, later marrying prince albert, than ending with the birth of their first of nine children. it had a well written screenplay and flawless editing. rupert friend as the ever so patient and compassionate young prince albert vying to win the young queen's attention, than securing her love, before lord melbourne(paul bettany), was engrossing to watch. just as engrossing was the relationship between the teenage victoria and her mother, which was fury at times, as with her mother and king william (whom also disliked her mother). the acting and scenes were captivating, highly emotional. i would recommend this to anyone interested in the historical and political situation existing in that era, and indeed, anyone who loves a compelling true romance story

having to have someone hold your hand whenever walk up or down stairs? having others taste your food before you eat it? facing an over-bearing mother? these are only a few of the obstacles which the young victoria has to deal with in this film (there's also the various power struggles going on, as well as attempts on her life). needless to say, it makes for very fascinating and informative viewing.i had only previously seen emily blunt in the devil wears prada (and little else). as she was in that film, she is once again the standout here. i was extremely impressed with her portrayal of the young victoria, and thought she handled the role very well. she makes the transition from the young victoria we meet at the start of the film to the queen victoria she becomes later entirely believable. blunt is perfectly cast in the role, showing all the different sides (from the vulnerable, to the strong, from the young victoria who makes mistakes to the queen who takes control). not enough can be said about emily blunt in this role. she's - quite simply - exquisite, commanding your attention every second she's on screen. she keeps you transfixed up to and including the final shot of the film.rupert friend proves to also be well-cast as victoria's love interest (and eventual husband), prince albert. the actors have nice chemistry and you absolutely believe in their developing relationship. they have their disagreements, but you can tell that they are in love. blunt and friend are excellent in every scene that they share and keep you interested in what is happening between victoria and albert. the other actors in the film are also very good. paul bettany as lord melbourne, miranda richardson as the duchess of kent, mark strong as sir john conroy and jim broadbent as king william. there is not a single bad performance in this film. the less-focused-upon people are well-portrayed also, given what little screen time they have. even victoria's dog (a cavalier king charles spaniel named dash) is memorable and makes an impact in the film.although the movie does tend to skip more than a few aspects of victoria's life - especially at the end - and instead *tells* us what happened (with her and albert) on screen, what matters the most is what we actually *see*. this is, after all, a film about 'the young victoria' (not 'the middle-aged victoria', nor 'the old victoria'). while there are some embellishments made on history with this film, it remains focused on what it sets out to do - which is tell us the story of how the young princess rose to power.the movie looks amazing, the costumes emily blunt wears are visually stunning and the music only adds to the film, never detracts from it. it's exceptionally shot and, unlike a lot of films these days, this movie is actually a good length, as it doesn't run on so long that you lose interest or feel that it's needlessly being drawn out.it goes without saying that what makes this film so great is emily blunt. she's in fine form here, turning in another excellent performance and elevating this film above what it might have been, had another actress been cast in this rather important/historic role. this is one finely-crafted film, with excellent performances that should definitely be seen. if you have an appreciation for a fascinating look at a woman who was extremely significant in history, this is a must-see.

it is a tricky thing to play a queen. on the one hand, the actress has to be majestic and imperious, and on the other, she has to show vulnerability in a tough situation as well as the gathering of the courage and resolution to overcome the odds, since almost all movies about queens have that basic plot line. emily blunt is quite radiant as victoria, but it's not as full a performance as i'd like, no blame to her. i can't help but feel like this is a mills & boon novel adaptation compared to a darker, more dramatic movie about another young queen, elizabeth. hence blunt doesn't get to run the gamut of queenly emotions, at least not to the full extent, since she's, y'know, the young victoria. to see the old victoria, check out mrs brown.jean-marc vallee is an interesting choice of director for the movie. he last did c.r.a.z.y., which was excellent and propelled him to fame. it was quite a different movie but i remember it looking gorgeous and that's probably the main similarity between the two movies. but while vallee wrote c.r.a.z.y., this one was by julian fellowes, and though i really enjoyed his gosford park, the story for this movie was much less interesting. i soon got lost with all the governmental politics. maybe it was less engaging because there was no potential beheading of the monarchy. i'm just saying.

the cinematic interests in the british monarchy continues with the young victoria (1837 to 1901), after having seen in recent years, the efforts with keira knightley's the duchess, cate blanchett's elizabeth films, and scarlett johansson and natalie portman's take on the boleyn sisters with the other boleyn girl. more contemporary stories would include helen mirren's award winning portrayal of the queen on the current reign of queen elizabeth ii at the turn of princess diana's death.each of the films mentioned featured stunning actresses with acting gravitas (ok, so some may dispute johansson) or were the flavour of their moment, and each film had a definitive moment in their historical character's legacy that it becomes a no brainer to have those events featured, and in fact elizabeth had enough to span two films. however, the young victoria, as the title already suggests, is a lite-version of the young queen's life, and if you're looking for that definitive event, or the staple political intrigue that plague all royal households and their dealings with shady, self-serving politicians, unfortunately there's nothing of depth here.that's not to say the young victoria is without. directed by canadian jean-marc vallee (best known for crazy) and written by julian fellowes, this film chronicles in very plain terms, ,the life and times of victoria (emily blunt, soon becoming the new it girl) when she was a child, the troubles she faced before coronation such as the eagerness of her mom the duchess of kent (miranda richardson) and her adviser sir john conroy (mark strong) to appoint themselves as joint-regent to her throne, as already planned for by reigning king william (jim broadbent). as if that wasn't enough, the political power play enters the picture with lord melbourne (paul bettany) being a prime minister-in-waiting trying to gain the trust of the new queen, and subtly plants his own trusted allies into positions within the palace. on one hand you'd understand the need for a young, and new queen to have trusted people in key positions, but on the other, are they really acting in her interests, or in the interests of others?even this angle of intrigue creeps into her romantic story with prince albert (rupert friend), where their relationship forms the bulk of the second half of the film, and pretty much everything already included in the trailers. for both, they've been brought up under the influence of others, and told each step of the way exactly what to do. even their union may seem like a firm registration of an alliance, if not for both lovers recognizing their common need to establish their own grounding, and to do so with the help of each other. instead of being pawns, there's this constant search and probing of opportunities to break out of stifling, and at times absurd, rules and regulations. trust also becomes a much valued commodity, and loyalty too can be traded for wanting to set the slate clean.however, all these themes become but a breeze through the narrative, from childhood to romance, marriage and children. in fact, there's so much fast-forwarding here, especially the last few minutes filled with inter-titles, that it actually leaves the audience wanting for more, and room of course for another movie, which i suspect would probably not see the light of day, but perhaps a television series might pick up on the film's response, and come out with a mini-series or such. it's a pity that all the effort here in ensuring the gorgeous costumes, sets and art direction would be confined to a film that's quite lightweight in theme and brief mention of issues, that they don't really challenge the protagonists in order to allow for some overcoming of character-defining adversary.with its star-studded cast, one would expect more, but one would be left wanting more instead. recommended for those who are ever curious about kings and queens in the british monarchy, only as a complement to other more engaging stories available in the other films already mentioned.

princess victoria (emily blunt) is in line for the throne of england. the present king william (jim broadbent) is not well and may not live long. however, vicky's scheming mother, the duchess of kent (miranda richandson) and her aide, john (mark strong) want to force victoria to sign papers declaring them to be the "regents" until she is older, since she is only 20 years of age. the young lady refuses, despite john slapping her around. it is another sign that victoria has a strong will and deep love for her country. yet, when william does pass away, shortly after her 21st birthday, victoria knows she has a heavy duty before her. first, she must surround herself with the "right" advisers to govern wisely. she chooses handsome lord melbourne (paul bettany) who, although an older man, is mentioned as a suitor for vicky. which brings us to the young queen's second major decision. sooner than not, the young queen should select her future mate, as it will bring stability to her life and to those of the kingdom, for an heir must appear in the coming years. meanwhile, in germany, some distant relatives of the british royal family are hatching some plans as well. handsome prince albert (rupert friend), of the saxon-coburg dynasty, is prodded by his father to court the young english royal. once he arrives at the palace, he is smitten and the feeling seems to be mutual. but, since he is a minor player on the map of royal match-making, can he succeed in winning her heart? this is a lovely film, made even better by a completely winning performance by emily blunt as victoria. yes, she is beautiful but it is her intelligent reading of the role that scores mightily. friend, too, does well, as do the other actors, including broadbent, richardson, bettany, strong (what a repulsive role!), and the rest. also, the movie is gorgeously shot, costumed, and set, making it a visual treat in every way. if anything is lacking, it is an extra dose of dazzle, as the film seems a bit too straightforward and prosaic, at times, with a somewhat unimaginative edit. however, this is only a minor, minor point of argument in an overall very successful and gorgeous film. in short, young and old, should make time for young victoria. it is a most worthy film among 2009 cinematic offerings.

this film is about the life of queen victoria during her youth and her first few years as the monarch of great britain."the young victoria" has amazing production. every scene is designed and decorated to immaculate detail. the extravagant costumes, lavish locations and beautifully landscaped gardens all make "the young victoria" very impressive. i was the most amazed by the thoughtful cinematography. how every person is placed in relation to the background or foreground is well thought out, every scene is well composed. the scene that strikes me the most was when victoria talks to melbourne. melbourne was positioned in the middle of the door frame from victoria's angle, while from melbourne's angle victoria was situated between the space where melbourne held his arm on his hips.story wise, it is far too compressed to be followed and understood by a person without historical knowledge of queen victoria. many events are rushed through or not even explained. i expected a grand scene of the coronation, and disappointingly it only lasted for a few seconds.overall, "the young victoria" is a good film, and it would have been even better if it was longer, so that events could be properly explained without rush.

and that's why historic/biographic movies are so important to all of us, moreover when they are so well done, like this one!before i saw "the young victoria", i knew a few things about queen victoria, but in the end i got much more knowledge about it. emily blunt is simply great as victoria (who would guess that!) and she probably will get a nomination at this years oscar's. personally, i'm cheering for her...for technical issues, i am pleased to say that is a very successful production, with wonderful art direction/set decoration and, of course, like it was expected to be, a terrific periodic costume design! the one drawback is that i want to see more and know more about this interesting queen, but foremost, incredible woman and mother! bravo: 9 out of 10!

rupert friend gives a performance, as prince albert, that lifts "the young victoria" to unexpected levels. he is superb. as we know, queen victoria fell into a dark, deep depression after prince albert's death and looking into ruper friend's eyes i understood. the film doesn't take us to his death but to an incident that may very well could have cost his life. an act of love. i believed it, or i should say, him. i believed what he felt was real. nothing or anybody gets anywhere near the delicacy and profundity of friend's characterization. emily blunt is good but i didn't believe for a minute she was victoria. no real sense of period. it may no have been her fault but her prince deserved the crown.

the 63 year reign of queen victoria is perhaps one of the most documented and popularly known historical reigns in british history. on the one hand, her story lacks the theatrics of earlier royals thanks to a change in social climate and attitudes, and on the other her story is one that perpetuates because it is notably human. taking on the earlier years of her life where the budding romance between herself and the german prince albert was taking forefront, director jean-marc vallée who has only until recently remained in the unbeknownst shadows of the industry here takes victoria's story and captures that human element so vital to her legacy. it's a story that feels extremely humble considering its exuberant background, and yet that's partly what gives it a distinct edge here that separates it from the usual fare.taking a very direct and focused approach that centres in on a brief five or so year period between her ascension and marriage to albert, the young victoria does what so little period pieces of this nature offer. instead of attempting a sprawling encapsulation of such a figure's entire life, vallée instead opts to show one of the lesser known intricacies of victoria's early years which are easily overlooked in favour of the more publicly known accolades. the result is a feature that may disgruntle historians thanks to its relatively flippant regards to facts and the like, yet never to let document get in the way of extracting a compelling story, writer julian fellowes sticks to his guns and delivers a slightly romanticised yet convincing portrayal. vallée takes this and runs, making sure to fully capitalise on those elements with enough restraint to maintain integrity in regards to both the history involved and the viewer watching.a major part in the joy of watching the young victoria play out however simply lies in the production values granted here that bring early 1800's regal britain to life with a vigorous realism so rarely achieved quite so strikingly by genre films. everything from the costume designs, sets, hair styles, lighting and photography accentuates the grandiose background inherent to victoria's story without ever over-encumbering it. indeed, while watching vallée's interpretation come to life here it is very hard not to be sucked in solely through the aesthetics that permeates the visual element; and then there's the film's score also which works tremendously to further the very elegant yet personal tones that dominate fellowes' script. entwining the works of schubert and strauss into victoria and albert's story not only works as a point of reference for the characters to play with, but also melds to the work with an elegance and refrain that echoes composer ilan eshkeri's original work just as well.yet for all the poignant compositions, lush backdrops and immaculate costumes that punctuate every scene, the single most important factor here—and indeed to most period dramas—are the performances of the cast and how they help bring the world they exist in to life. thankfully the young victoria is blessed with an equally immaculate ensemble of thespians both young and old that do a fantastic job of doing just that. between the sweet, budding romance of victoria (emily blunt) and albert (rupert friend) and the somewhat antagonistic struggles of her advisors and the like (spearheaded by a terrific mark strong and paul bettany), the conflicts and warmth so prevalent to fellowe's screenplay are conveyed perfectly here by all involved which helps keep the movie from being a plastic "nice to look at but dim underneath" affair so common with these outings.in the end, it's hard to fault a work such as the young victoria. it's got a perfectly touching and human sense of affection within its perfectly paced romance, plus some historical significance that plays as an intriguing source of interest for those in the audience keen on such details. of course, it may not take the cinematic world by storm and there lacks a certain significance to its overall presence that stops it from ever becoming more than just a poignantly restrained romantic period drama; yet in a sense this is what makes it enjoyable. vallée never seems to be striving for grandeur, nor does he seem content at making a run-of-the-mill escapist piece for aficionados. somewhere within this gray middle-ground lies the young victoria, sure to cater to genre fans and those a little more disillusioned by the usual productions; beautiful, memorable but most of all, human.- a review by jamie robert ward (http://www.invocus.net)

despite some reviews being distinctly luke-warm, i found the story totally engrossing and even if some critics have described the love story as 'mills and boon', so what? it is good to see a warm, touching story of real love in these cynical times. many in the audience were sniffing and surreptitiously dabbing their eyes. you really believe that the young victoria and albert are passionately fond of each other, even though, for political reasons, it was an arranged marriage. i did feel though that sir john conroy, who was desperate to control the young queen, is perhaps played too like a pantomime villain. as it is rumoured that he was in fact, the real father of victoria (as a result of an affair with her mother the duchess of kent) it would have been interesting to explore this theory. emily blunt is totally convincing as the young princess, trapped in the stifling palace with courtiers and politicians out to manipulate her. she brilliantly portrays the strength of character and determination that eventually made victoria a great queen of england, which prospered as never before, under her long reign. i believe word of mouth recommendations will ensure great success for this most enjoyable and wonderful looking movie.

i went into this expecting not to like it; i figured it would be terribly worthy and earnest, and rather plodding and dull.it's actually far better than that, and i found myself really enjoying it. i don't know too much about queen victoria beyond what most know - married to albert, who died young, and she mourned him ever after. seeing the circumstances she grew up under was fascinating; in fact i found myself wishing i'd seen more of the story, and i imagine we may see a sequel at some point.visually the film is stunning. the sets and costumes are incredibly lavish without being too gaudy and over the top. the acting is top notch from everybody involved.in a word, it was great!

apart from having the longest reign in british history (63 years), queen victoria also holds two other distinctions. she was, apart from our current queen, the oldest ever british monarch, living to the age of 81. and she was also the youngest ever british (as opposed to english or scottish) monarch, coming to the throne as a girl of eighteen. and yet whenever television or the cinema make a programme or film about her, they seem far more interested in the older victoria than they do in the young girl; the version of victoria with which modern audiences will probably be most familiar is judi dench in "mrs brown". "the young victoria" tries to redress the balance by showing us the events surrounding her accession and the early years of her reign. it has the rare distinction of being produced by a former royal, sarah duchess of york, whose daughter princess beatrice makes a brief appearance as an extra.there are three main strands to the plot. the first concerns the intrigues of victoria's mother, the duchess of kent, a highly unpopular figure even with her own daughter, largely because of the influence of her adviser sir john conroy, who was widely rumoured to be her lover. (according to one unfounded rumour he, and not the late duke of kent, was victoria's natural father). the second strand concerns the growing romance between victoria and her german cousin prince albert, and the attempts of king leopold of belgium, who was uncle to both of them, to influence this romance. (leopold's hope was to increase the prestige of the house of saxe-coburg, to which both he and albert belonged). the third concerns one of the strangest episodes in british political history, the bedchamber crisis of 1839, when supporters of the tory party (which had traditionally supported a strong monarchy) rioted because the young queen was perceived to favour the whig party and their leader lord melbourne, even though the whigs had historically supported a quasi-republican system of government, with the monarch reduced to a figurehead.scriptwriter julian fellowes is known for his conservative views, and at times i wondered if this may have coloured his treatment of political themes, as he seems to lean to the side of the tories, the predecessors of the modern conservative party. their leader robert peel is shown as statesmanlike and dignified, whereas melbourne, for all his dash and charm, is shown as devious and uninterested in social reform. there may be some truth is these characterisations, but fellowes glosses over the fact that only a few years earlier the tories had opposed the reform act, which ended the corrupt electoral system of rotten boroughs, and that they had benefited from william iv's unconstitutional dismissal of a whig administration.lessons in dynastic and constitutional history do not always transfer well to the cinema screen, and this one contains its share of inaccuracies. prince albert, for example, was not injured in edward oxford's attempt on victoria's life, and melbourne (in his late fifties at the time of victoria's accession) was not as youthful as he is portrayed here by paul bettany. king william iv certainly disliked the duchess of kent (who was his sister-in-law), but i doubt if he would have gone so far as to bawl abuse at her during a state banquet, as he is shown doing here. i also failed to understand the significance of the scene in which the duchess and conroy try to force victoria to sign a "regency order"; the duchess's constitutional position was made clear by the regency act 1830, which provided that she would become regent if her daughter was still under eighteen at the time of her accession. no piece of paper signed by victoria could have altered the provisions of the act.there are also occasional infelicities. in one early scene we see victoria and albert playing chess while comparing themselves to pawns being moved around a chessboard, a metaphor so hackneyed that the whole scene should have come complete with a "danger! major cliché ahead!" warning. yet in spite of scenes like this, i came to enjoy the film. there were some good performances, especially from miranda richardson as the scheming duchess and mark strong as the obnoxious conroy. it is visually very attractive, being shot in sumptuous style we have come to associate with british historical drama. jim broadbent gives an amusing turn as king william, although he does occasionally succumb to the temptation of going over the top. (although not as disastrously over the top as he was in "moulin rouge").the main reason for the film's success, however, is the performances of emily blunt and rupert friend as the two young lovers victoria and albert. blunt is probably more attractive than victoria was in real life, but in her delightful portrayal the queen is no longer the old lady of the popular imagination, the black-clad widow of windsor who was perpetually not amused, but a determined, strong-minded and loving young woman. her love for albert, and their happy family life together, was one of the main reasons why the monarchy succeeded in reestablishing itself in the affections of the british people. (with the exception of george iii, victoria's hanoverian ancestors had been notoriously lacking in the matrimonial virtues). blunt and friend make "the young victoria" a touching romance and a gripping human drama as well as an exploration of a key period in british history. 8/10

i remember watching this is its original airing in 1962 as a five or six year old and really enjoying this. i recently had the opportunity to watch it again, for the first time since then, as it was aired on "walt disney presents" on the disney channel. i'd forgotten most of it, and some of it was geared towards kids, but it was still enjoyable. i can't wait to show it to my niece and nephews.

we really enjoyed grey owl: a simple tale well told in classic attenborough fashion: a little over-romanticized, with archetypes, humor, and a stress of dignity and values.beautifully shot and told at a nice pace this is the true story of archie, an englishman who turned native indian, and went to live and trap in canada.solid performances from all makes this film with a message easy viewing.two of the stars of the film are without a doubt the cutest we have ever seen - and the message is a good one with its ecoleanings. it must have been great to meet or read grey owl in the 1930s, a unique character and this is a fitting film tribute.

a number of richard attenborough's films as director have been biographies of major historical figures- "young winston", "gandhi", "chaplin". "grey owl" is also a filmed biography of a historical individual, but in this case attenborough's subject is a much more obscure character.grey owl was a canadian writer of the 1920s and 1930s who promoted the ideas of environmentalism and nature conservation at a time when these causes were less fashionable than they are today. he was widely believed to be an american indian; the story he told about himself was that he had been born in mexico to a scottish father and apache mother and had emigrated to canada where he had been adopted as a member of the ojibway tribe. he lived in a cabin by a lake in a remote part of the canadian wilderness, where he earned a living as a trapper. he toured britain twice, in 1935 and 1937, to promote his books and to give lectures on conservationism, and achieved great success, even being introduced to the royal family. (during one of these tours attenborough, then a teenager, saw grey owl at the london palladium theatre). after his death in 1938, however, it was revealed that he had not been who he claimed to be; his real name was archibald belaney, and he had been born in the english seaside town of hastings.the film departs somewhat from the facts of grey owl's life. in a scene set in 1934 he states that he is 41 years old; in reality, he was born in 1888 so would have been 46 in that year. (46 would have been pierce brosnan's age when the film was made, so i am not sure why this change was made). numerous events are compressed into the last four years of grey owl's life (1934-1938). in the film it is during this period that he meets and marries gertrude bernard whom he called anahareo; in reality, he met and married gertrude as early as 1925. the film also omits the fact that they were divorced in 1936 and that grey owl remarried shortly before his death.the revelation of grey owl's true identity adversely affected his posthumous reputation, and he was dismissed as a "fraud". his supposed deceit was even used to discredit the causes which he had championed. richard attenborough, however, takes a more sympathetic view of his achievements. one of the themes explored by the film is the question of ethnic identity. although the erstwhile archibald belaney was not a canadian indian by birth, there is no doubt that he had a deep knowledge of ojibway culture and lore and that he spoke their language fluently. he was accepted by the ojibway as a member of their tribe. it therefore seems unfair to describe his claim to a native north american identity as being a fraudulent one, merely because it was an identity he had chosen rather than one he had been born into.according to the film, grey owl's wife gertrude was herself of indian descent, but came from a family which had been assimilated into white canadian culture. her marriage can therefore be seen as her reclamation of her family's original cultural heritage. she was clearly influenced by her husband, but she also had an influence on him, persuading him to give up his work as a fur trapper as she had moral objections to killing animals for their fur.one criticism made of the film is that pierce brosnan is "miscast" as the hero, a criticism which seems to be rooted in the preconception that brosnan can only play action heroes in the james bond mould. it seems to me, however, that brosnan may deliberately have taken this role in order to avoid being typecast, the taciturn backwoodsman grey owl being about as far from the suave, sophisticated agent bond as one can get. the original bond, sean connery, also seems to have deliberately opted for contrasting roles when he appeared in films like "the hill" or "the molly maguires". brosnan is in fact very good in this role, although i would agree with those who found annie galipeau weak as gertrude.another frequently-voiced criticism with which i would not agree is that the film is "boring". certainly, it is not an action film like the bonds, nor is it a great epic biopic like "gandhi", and it may indeed seem boring to those who were expecting it to be either the one or the other. it is however, likely to please anyone with an interest in the early days of the conservationist movement or the philosophical implications of national and ethnic identity. the scenes of the canadian forests are also beautifully photographed. richard attenborough has done us a service by helping to revive interest in this half-forgotten but fascinating figure. 7/10

this is an excellent movie. as a canadian who grew up with a rural lifestyle much of it is familiar , the winter, canoeing , trapping , hunting and the like. it is easy to take the familiar for granted but after watching this film a few times it has grown on me .the story of grey owl is well known to many canadians credit to director attenborough and screenplay writer nicholson for expanding the story.brosnan does well portraying a complex man , a very fine performance. annie galipeau is lovely in her first large role. the rest of the cast is solid.

okay, i'll admit the casting in the film is really strange--part of this is due to the plot, but i still had a bit of trouble believing pierce brosnan playing this lead (though he really did a pretty good job).it's based on a true story of an englishman who went to live with the canadian indians in the early 20th century. he claimed to be a mixed blood indian. he was, in fact, so successful and well thought of that people came from all over to hear his lectures and be taken on his wilderness treks--even though he was not a mixed blood indian and all his knowledge was from books or faked! the movie centers on this and what occurred when the hoax was uncovered.the acting and settings were great and i really liked the film (once i suspended disbelief about brosnan). it didn't get widespread distribution--probably because it was pretty cerebral--not a bond film nor a romance--just a really odd film about a remarkable man.

richard attenborough who already given us magnific films as "a chorus line" and "gandhi", once more surprise us making a beautiful hymn to the nature. indeed, the vast and (in that time) unexplored territory of canada helps to compose the stunning beauty of the landscapes picked up by the motion picture camera. if the movie is really based on a true story, once more becomes evidente that "men of vision" are, in truth, men that lives beyond their time, with a historical perspective that only the time will give them reason. the cinematography is magnificient, such as the cast lead by pierce brosnan, whose performance is due to attenborough's master hands. a pleasing surprise is the appearance of annie galipeau in the role of archie's beloved. movie that must appears in a list of those who really loves the nature...

i didn't expect much when i first saw the dvd cover. i mean, pierce brosnan as grey owl??ah...but then the story got underway, unfolded in a beautifully photographed and paced film. i was surprised and delighted at this (basically) true story. made me want to read more about this fascinating character, which means, the director fulfilled his purpose, and the film was a success!

radio was not a 24 hour 7days a week happening when i grew up in the 1930s england, so children's hour was a treat for me when we had batteries and an accumulator to spare for the power. the few programmes i heard therefore made a great impression on my young mind, and the 3 that i recall still are "toytown", one about all the animals at the zoo, and --- grey owl, talking about the animals he knew, which he called his "brothers". it was only in recently that i learnt that grey owl wasn't a genuine "indian", but the tribute paid by the sioux chief makes great sense to me "a man becomes what he dreams". would that we could all dream as world changing and beneficial as archie grey owl belaney. would that a new grey owl could influence world leaders to clean up the environment.

amazing movie i saw this movie for the first time on a flight and could not believe that i had not even heard of it before getting on that plane. while it may seem, at first to be a "chick flick", it is a film that everyone should see and will enjoy. men, watch this movie with someone you love. you will enjoy it as much as she does and it will score you big points.

there should be more movies about our native americans. i especially think that using actual real native americans, would be the the right thing. i know that this archie belaney, who was played by pierce brosnan he did an excellent job in portraying that character, since he was an englishman. but my suggestion to hollywood, is to put more american indians into the roles, and never use anyone else. the sioux nation has been put on the back burner far too long. their poverty is a disgrace to our country. it is my firm belief that our country should return the black hills to the sioux. we ask israel to return their lands to the arabs, but we do not make any effort to do the same, we should be ashamed of ourselves. we must practice what we preach!

we viewed the vcr and found it to be fascinating. not knowing anything about this true story, i thought: "oh, no, p.brosnan as an american indian ('red' indian in the film), what a bad choice" until i discovered the truth about grey owl. the film does a good job of demonstrating the dignity of these native peoples and undermining the racist myths about them. and annie galipeau, wow, what a beauty, and very convincing as an indian woman (i believe she is french-canadian; she sure reverts to the all-too familiar speech of such). in spite, of brosnan's detached, grunting style, in the end he comes through convincingly as a passionate, dedicated man. the plot is a little weak in demostrating his conversion from trapper to animal coservationist. good film, highly recommended.

the movie is wonderful. it shows the man's work for the wilderness and a natural understanding of the harmony of nature, without being an "extreme" naturalist. i definitely plan to look for the book. this is a rare treasure!

well worth watching, especially with the nice twist of a journalist with integrity, you are expecting a big fall down story line as grey owl is unmasked as a fraud, but it is not to be and adds to the generally optimistic and uplifting theme and drama of the story and film.this has to be brosnan's best performance to date, he convinces admirably as the english boy playing indians. the stand out scene is the return to his ?aunts? where brosnan and the two elderly lady actresses make a wonderful scene full of feeling of nostalgia and a life lost with so little dialogue, just with expressions and good direction. perfect.the story is so little known and the message so universal and all important it is a real pity this film did not get better recognition, maybe in time it may become a bit of a classic and a sleeper. i hope so.well done dickie attenborough and cast.

if you know the story of grey owl, you'll love the movie! annie galipeau is a great actress, and pierce is better than never in grey owl. but in this movie there's no real scene of action. i think this movie should be nominated at the oscars! welll go see this movie, it's a classic!

this is an interesting true story of archie grey owl, who dreamed of being an indiain when he was a child until the age of 17 he was born in england then moved to canada where he was adotped by indiains and he writes collums in magazines and he wrote a book that caugt the attention of millions the book was of his life. but at the end he told his wife that he was not a real indiain and she was fine with it and he died at the age of 43 two years after he went back into the wildness.

this film is wonderful in every way that modern action adventures are not. take some time. relax, enjoy. think. people who see this movie as slow or plodding or dull really need to take a week off and watch it several times until their short attention span mind comes to grips with the possibility of being involved with a cause or even beautiful story in a beautiful place for no other reason than because it isn't hurrying to make the points you so emphatically need it to make in the short time alloted. at first i was apprehensive of brosnan playing a native american. given the story line though, i think it was apt casting. now, back to my hermiting. -jahfre

all in all a good film and better for the fact that had the film not been made the story might remain hidden to the masses. brosnan does a good job as the native american with a hidden past and the photography is stunning. to some, this may be too whimsical, to others boring - for me it is a gentle, well-told tale and perfect for family viewing. now that's not something you get a lot of recently.

i know some people think the movie is boring but i disagree. it is a biography of a very complex and extraordinary person. i liked the characters in the film and think that leaving parts of archie's life a mystery captured his humanity. i don't think the purpose of a good biography should be the detailing of someone's life but rather the complexities and relationships that make them interesting. and what is more fascinating than someone so successfully reinventing themselves? "men become what they dream - you have dreamed well." good job to lord attenborough. i also wanted to mention that nathaniel arcand really stood out to me as a charismatic actor and i hope to see him in more films.

here, on imdb.com i read an opinion, that grey owl is best character of pierce brosnan ever performed. i do not know if he had better nor worse roles, i'm not his fan, but this one was really exceptional.the other thing - impressive hand of the movie director. i give my respect. the serenity, the beauty and spirit of wilderness was illustrated really exlusively, i never met such proximity it in any movie before.another thing left in my mind after the film - this is the movie, closest to the original books, and atmosphere in it. and little bit more. i pay my respect to the original grey owl.

this film is a wonderful movie based on the life of a man called grey owl in 1930s canada. i found it to be similarly riveting and heartfelt as 'rudy' and 'awakenings'. it picks up late in grey owl's life and follows him through his most tumultuous and influential period.the film is about a canadian indian trapper who finds himself promoting the plight of the over-trapped beaver. he also predicts the decrease in natural lands and the overuse of earth's resources. this is an outrageous concept in the 1930s and surprisingly well received. he becomes a well known speaker and the masses are ready to listen.the casting of pierce brosnan seems rather odd, but is not outrageous. anyone wanting to argue that point must first watch the movie to understand. brosnan provides a wonderful performance as does annie galipeau. galipeau is a strong actress whose place beside brosnan is refreshingly natural compared to the forced pairings in recent bond films.i would recommend this film to anyone interested in good drama, beautiful scenery, or environmental causes. it is a movie for families as well, however children under 10 (depending on maturity) would have trouble following the plot.

the movie is more about pony than grey owl. it's also about aboriginals, canada, the english, grey owl's aunts and the north bay nugget. excellent story.this is an excellent movie, more like a book, that raises interesting questions about cultural identity and values. the key scene is grey owl admitting his imposture to pony and her reaction.a few observations on the user ratings. note that the user ratings are bi-polar clustering at 5 and 7; it's not for everyone, but has a strong following. this movie is underrated and overlooked but will be noticed for years to come. also, few women have watched the movie but they rate it more highly than men. has it been marketed properly?

recently i was looking for the newly issued wide screen dvd of fly away home and came upon interesting title that i had never heard of: grey owl. the fact that it was a richard attenborough film caught my attention (he responsible for such fine films as gandhi, chaplin, and shadowlands). i noticed that the screenplay was by william nicholson (author of shadowlands). this "special edition" was full of interesting sounding material and the price was just under $10.00 -- so i chanced it & bought it. wow! what a beautiful film. pierce brosnan stars as archie grey owl, a real life trapper in the 1930s, who came to love and respect the wild lands of canada, and worked to help protect them. brosnan (who starred in a james bond film) gives a shaded, warm, powerful performance as does annie galipeau as the young woman who loves and influences his feeling for the creatures of the land -- especially the beaver. a fine score by george fenton (the crucible) and beautiful photograhy by roger pratt add greatly to the effectiveness of the film. and the extras on this dvd are something else! includes two shorts made in the 1930s with the real grey owl as well as audio commentary tracks by attenborough and producer jake eberts; 2 featurettes; and many other fine additions plus options for those having access to a pc with dvd-rom features. grey owl has been released directly to dvd in the united states -- a fact that richard attenborough attributes to hollywood's lack of interest in distributing something that isn't loaded with a lot of violence and sex. this is a film that not only informs and entertains but leaves you with something to think about. i had a very warm feeling at the films conclusion -- and a whole new love and understanding for beavers! grey owl is a very fine film -- worth checking out! this is one i look forward to sharing with others.

i saw this movie on the hallmark channel and thought it was wonderful, especially since it was based on a true man. pierce brosnan was very good as the loner english man who took on the persona of the half breed grey owl. the photography was beautiful.this movie made me do more research into this character archie belaney known simple as grey owl. i want to read as much as i can about him. at the time i did not know richard attenborough had directed it. but i am not surprised. i like all his movies whether he is acting or directing. i gave it the highest rating. however, i would have liked to have seen more in the movie about why he took on this persona as it only showed the two aunts who raised him and his room in their house.you can't go wrong with this movie if you are like me and enjoy a beautiful story without hearing foul language and contrived special effects every few minutes.

pierce brosnan will probably be the only thing familiar in richard attenborough's new biopic. the rest is new to international audiences: canadian history and first nations culture."grey owl" is a light examination of how an man came to be adopted into the ojibway of northern ontario, learning and preaching environmentalism decades before it became politically correct to do so. the film contains a love story, a moral message, and a man tortured by his past. that torture, though, is not always brought to life with the dramatic impact that it might.nevertheless, it is a film which holds its audience without any violence. it pays deep respect to canada's first nations, and presents them in a dignified and non-stereotypical manner. brosnan's performance is somewhat stiff, but i suspect that's just how lord attenborough wanted him.thanks from a proud canadian.

this docu-drama is what you would expect from richard attenborough, the man who gave us "gandhi": beautifully photographed, compellingly casted, well written in the measured, literate manner that hollywood discarded in the 30's, and scrupulously accurate. it stands out as a genre film, excelling in its portrayal of native american (or, more appropriately for its canadian setting, "first nations") culture and standing with "black robe" as a wonderfully photographed piece of canoe country and its culture (here, circa 1934). this idyllic portrait derives drama from its subject: archie "grey owl" belaney, a scot raised in hastings (england) by maiden aunts who became so obsessed with the "red indian" tales of his childhood that he went to canada, disappeared into the woods, and became a trapper and adopted son of an ojibway band. he was a vain man with a habit of marrying and abandoningindian brides, none of whom seem to have thought less of him for it, for he was also an extraordinarily charming and picaresque character. one of his wives (one smarter than he, by most accounts) propelled him into fame as a writer and early advocate for protecting the wild country of the north, and this forms the focus of attenborough's tale. the chemistry between brosnan and annie galipeau (as grey owl's wife pony) is engaging and, if not firey, is nonetheless quite touching. a good film when you need some time from the madding crowd.

as someone who was born to a german mother and english father (who spent five years in a prisoner of war camp) i come from unique position. one of having to deal with the various nazis on one side of the family and the victors of ww2 on the other. this miniseries cannot delve into every single part of hitler's psyche and must give the viewer a general flavor of the situation at the time and as best as one can hitler's state of mind. in this the series does quite well. carlyle is very good as is o'toole, i would however liked to have got more information on the relationships with others in party because hitler did not do anything on his own. he had people around him that followed him to the letter often without question and certainly without question later on in his murderous career. what was going through goebbels, goring and hess's mind? it would have been helpful to see more of these relationships. but i hope it will make people research the subject more. it might also make people understand why someone like saddam hussein cannot be allowed to continue in power.

first week of may, every year brings back the memories of the holocaust, through movies on televisions. among many movies they showed, this was the one i had not seen.the story is about hilter's life and how he came to power. it starts with his childhood and ends with his holding the top most position of power in germany.the movie was earlier presented as a tv series and later converted into a movie format. scottish actor robert carlyle plays adolf hitler with great guts, conviction and flare to give a real portrayal of this man.it is a good screenplay and narrative, that educates the audiences on the main events that lead hitler into power, and also tries to show the probable psychological make up of hitler. the movie is a biased viewpoint of the director christian duguay – who shows hitler as a one-track, menacing, angry, and shouting person – who had such a strong hold on the germans and people around him. hitler is not shown as someone having charishma and attraction, and there the movie fails to convince hitler's portrayal.even though the venture was for tv, all the ingredients of production are first class and at par with any main stream movie. the production value, sets, costumes, etc. were perfect.there is a lot of criticism of this movie, in the authenticity about the historic events that is presented. but still the movie is gripping, every engaging and entertaining. robert carlyle overpowers and dominates the screen as no one else does. he is amazingly good – brilliant! i would have liked a more balanced view of hitler's life, because i think, hitler was able to bring out the dormant feelings of million of germans and it is not only him who should be blamed for the holocaust. as i have told several times, that – very sadly - our society loves to garland or prosecute one person, as a representative of the society's good or evil respectively.

i don't know what it is with this movies. but movies about history or religion are always criticised by their accuracy. of course it's not 100% accurate. it's difficult to make 100% accurate films nowadays when even the "experts" disagree with each other. therefore i rather like to judge a movie by what it is trying to say than pick on all the inaccuracies.so i start by saying that i liked this mini serie. but i do agree with the critique that his childhood years went by too fast. the series should have been a three part story, his childhood being the first part. but if they didn't have more money to shoot more story who am i to criticise that???there's only one real problem i have with this movie and that's the fact that it's told in a history book way. especially the second part which is just a sum of events that happened. i rather would have liked to see hitler more humane (more scenes where he doubts himself etc.). noah taylor did that more in the movie 'max' which seem to work better i think. nevertheless i'm glad this was made and own it on dvd. just to remember more vividly what happened and see carlyle giving his best. 7.5/10

this is a tepid docu-drama that covers no new ground, reworks all the cliches and is sloppy with facts. for example, munich is a very flat city. so why is it hilly in the movie? for example, the end of the great war in 1918 was not a surrender but an armistice. yet it is announced as a surrender. for example, european news vendors did not (and do not) shout headlines as they hawk their papers. yet this strictly american custom is employed in the film. for example, the nazis did not adopt the german eagle until after they had taken power but there it is on the lectern as hitler delivers one of his stem winders. indeed, most of this disappointing production consists of little more than hitlerian oratory. the movie also perpetuates the myth that the beer hall putsch was hatched at the munich hoffbrauhaus. it was not. robert carlyle does a fine portrayal of his subject. but his supporting cast is adequate at best and very often not even that. these comments are based on the first episode only. one only can hope the second will be better but don't bet on it.

even though ian kershaw distanced himself from this project due to inaccuracies in regards to hitler's life and yes, this is dramatised, but essential. robert carlyle plays hitler during his later years, during this documentary that only deals with hitler from boyhood until he became chancellor of germany, including the night of the long knives. this tv-film (also a two-part mini-series) shows how a series of factors allowed hitler to come to power, e.g. the financial disaster of 1930.the series follows hitler and little else, apart from the lives of fritz gerlich and ernst hanfstaengl. all in all, valuable and filled with interesting actors, yet i feel it should have been more tightly directed with stronger cinematography; most actors are portrayed in half-body shots which (for me) makes for a theatrical stance, not cinematic. the tempo is at times drowsy, and the film does suffer from it, being approximately 2,5 hours long.

there is no greater disservice to do to history than to misrepresent it. this takes the easiest and most shallow route, simply portraying him as a monster. only showing his negative sides, and exaggerating them. "those who are ignorant of the past doom us to repeat it". he was a human being. that may prove tough to some people to accept, but an important part of life is facing that which we don't want to. rather than demonizing the man, we ought to try to understand him. otherwise, we stand little chance of preventing anyone similar in the future, or possibly even the present, from succeeding at anything of remotely comparable scope, as far as damage and misery goes. hate him and what he did, don't make him into something mythical, intentionally or otherwise. frankly, far too much of this mini-series could play "dumb dumb *duuum*!" after or during scenes. the whole thing nods, nudges and winks at the audience, with a clear message of "was this guy evil or what", incorporating every single bad trait(as well as making up several that go directly against who and what he was), letting them appear more or less out of nowhere, and having them be constant throughout his life, not something he came to believe or claimed to. this should never be used to educate. use der untergang(downfall, in english), and maybe point out the few inaccuracies of that, instead. this, this is disrespectful to the actual events that took place, and to any and all survivors, not to mention those who died. the cinematic quality? top-notch. it's well-done, through and through, excellent production values, a solid arc to the well-told plot, what characterization does occur is strong and credible, dialog and script are great, all acting performances are masterful(carlyle looks and behaves the role... as it was written... perfectly), the music is well-composed, cinematography and editing are flawless and creative, and this is definitely dramatic, entertaining and riveting. they get dates and many occurrences, and do them justice. if i had been offered to work on this, and did not feel i could be objective enough to have hitler appear as a fully fleshed-out person, i would have declined, citing that as the reason. i don't blame anyone for loathing him. how can you forgive what he did, and are we sure that we should? that is not what i am suggesting. finally, let me point out that, as i write this, we are in a world-wide economic crisis that has lasted for about two years, and that is not terribly dissimilar to the stock market crash of 1929. the two reasons it hasn't led to a depression of the new millennium are as follows: governments are giving money to the banks to keep the market going, and the majority of the countries is now friendly towards one another. apart from that, the lesson hadn't been learned. hopefully, it has now. back to this... my suggestion? read a book, non-fiction, dealing with the subject. there are plenty of informative, smart ones. the dvd holds a trailer. i recommend this only to those who know better, and vehemently urge anyone who has watched it, to seek out the truth. 8/10

"hitler, the rise of evil" is clearly produced by people emotionally unburdened by the horrors of world war 2. which makes watching a refreshing experience.i think its greatest value lies in its crystal clear revealing of the nazi-mechanism. of the utterly corrupt ways hitler used to make it to the top. having arrived there, this film ends.when on top, the 'fuhrer' (= german for 'leader') led his germany to the biggest & most devastating war in history of mankind. ending six years later in germany's utter defeat. as a result, germany lost its eastern provinces (= about 35% of its prewar soil), and was forced to accept a 44 year-split of its remaining territory. both west and east germany had to be rebuilt from scrap, their reputations severely damaged by the many nazi-atrocities inspired by racism.as i said, "hitler, the rise of evil" makes an good watch. set in an acceptable thirties-environment, with (more than) competent acting. in particular peter o'toole's role as the aged president von hindenburg stands out, even adds an extra dimension.my copy of "hitler, the rise of evil" also provides a second dvd with two good documentary films. one is about hitler's personality, the second deals with the forgery of the hitler-diaries. in 1983 this forgery caused a hilarious scandal in england and germany, damaging the reputations of several historians and journalists.

in christian duguay's movie, hitler: the rise of evil, hitler's early years in life and politics is shown in a successful way with some minor historical errors and some exaggeration. it is quite natural for a hollywood movie to contain such things as the main purpose of production is the income that they will get from the movie. even though such errors may disappoint some members of the audience who believes that everything should be done by the book, i believe that most of them fits well with the rest of the movie, making it more interesting. we should not forget that this movie is not a documentary. who cares how did his dog died anyway.throughout the movie, hitler is portrayed as a psychologically unstable figure that gets angry very easily and is very passionate about his ideals. but he was not portrayed as a super-villain but more like an ambitious politician. i believe that this is a nice perspective as the movie is not contaminated by tons of negative emotions and this made the movie somewhat objective. yes he was a little mad, and his methods were rough but he was still a human not a totally insane figure as portrayed in "inglorious bastards". i believe it made the movie more realistic even with some inaccuracies in the historical facts.the flow of history is nicely reflected to spectators. even though the movie's focus was around hitler we also had chance to see what is happening in the country as a result of these actions via newspapers, discussions of people and the songs in a jewish cabaret. also society's reaction was also reflected to movie but it was very limited. struggles of journalist fritz gerlich and ironic plays that are played in the cabaret was amusing and interesting but that was all. mostly we only saw his followers rampaging the streets and cheering him.another thing that was missing in the movie is information about the origins of his hatred for jews. in the beginning of the movie, some ideas about this is given but they were quite superficial. all of a sudden he was a politician who is giving speeches about necessity of extermination of jews.in conclusion, hitler: the rise of evil cannot be considered as an excellent movie that everyone will like but it is not unsatisfactory at all. if you can stand directors that change history for cash, it is an interesting movie reflecting hitler's personality in a successful way.

as an amateur historian of ww2/nazi germany, i couldn't wait for this to come out on dvd. i missed it when it was first on in 2003. i don't want to repeat what's already been said in the previous 8 pages of comments about the historical inaccuracies. a better job could've been done portraying the "charming" hitler. i also had a small problem with some of the casting choices, not so much for their acting, but for their appearances. peter stormare doesn't look much like rohm, why didn't they make babson as hess wear a wig? and my biggest complaint..so much has always been made of hitler's striking blue eyes, why didn't they make carlyle wear blue contacts? on the plus side, i thought the actors who played goring and drexler looked pretty good. again, as long as people watching this understand that this is supposed to be entertainment 1st, history 2nd i don't think a lot of harm will be done.

"hitler: the rise of evil" was shrouded in controversy before it ever aired, and that controversy may obscure the accomplishment of the film.those who criticzed the film, which they hadn't seen, did so with good intentions, based on the misguided thought that it would be overly sympathetic to hitler. however, they misunderstood the point: to humanize the evil hitler is not sympathize with him. it is far more disturbing to realize that the unspeakable acts committed by one of history's greatest villains were committed by a human being. a sick, diseased maniac, to be sure, but a human being nonetheless. it is necessary to know the story of how hitler was able to come to power to prevent it from happening again."rise of evil" is highlighted by a brilliant, career best performance from robert carlyle, who makes hitler a human being without ever redeeming him in any way. carlyle flawlessly captures the look and mannerisms of the nazi leader, while never letting the impersonation become cartoonish or distance us (something anthony hopkins was not quite able to accomplish when he portrayed hitler in "the bunker", another very good made-for-television film). while were are repulsed by hitler's depravity and virulent ant-semitism, carlyle gives him a certain magnetism and power the real adolf hitler must have possesed. after all, while else would a nation have followed him?of the various subplots, by far the most compelling features matthew modine as reporter fritz gehrlich, who makes it his life's work to draw attention to the reality of of hitler and nazism. while modine's performance is a little stilted in part 1, by part 2 he seems to have settled in, the character gives us a real-life hero in a film full of villains. peter stormare and liev schrieber also give strong support.part 1 of this two-part mini series suffered a little bit from being overly choppy, including a look at hitler's childhood which lasts only the duration of the opening credits. and in part 2, sections detailing hitler's relationship's with his niece, and his mistress eva braun, are less successful than the central plot, but do serve to give us further insight into his mental and emotional state.ultimately, no film about hitler can make us understand him. the average person is, thankfully, incapable of ever understanding a man who would try to exterminate an entire race of people. "hitler: the rise of evil" tries less to make us understand hitler, and more to make us understand how he came to be power. it is an important story that must be told, and it is impossible to believe anyone who has seen the film would accuse it of having anything but the best of intentions, and the capability of doing anything but good.9 out of 10. *** 1/2

i agree with many of the negative reviews posted here, for reasons i will go into later on. but this miniseries is powerful and convincing because the talented cast really captures the dark truth of hitler's world.peter stormare is perfect as ernst rohm, the brutal brownshirt leader. each scene he has with hitler is explosive! hitler is so evil he dominates everyone but the thuggish, primitive rohm -- and he clearly digs rohm for just that reason. the interplay between stormare and carlisle illuminates the way hitler relished rohm's brutality, but later sacrificed him for political reasons.jena malone turns in a heartrending performance as geli raubal, hitler's doomed niece and the victim of his unspeakable perversions. without revealing any of the sexual filth directly, jena malone plays out all the horror of the slow extinction of a young girl's spirit. she uses her eyes and voice to suggest all the horror that will be visited on millions in the years to come. and she's brilliant! zoe telford very nearly matches jena malone with her portrayal of eva braun. eva is clearly sick, cruel and heartless -- but at the same time almost pitiably dependent on her adolph's twisted tenderness. the aborted lovemaking scene between them (hinting at the spine tingling truth of hitler's enormous self-loathing) is both chilling and erotic.liev schrieber gives a deliciously weasel-like performance as putzi hanfstaengel, the spineless man-about-town who is seduced by hitler's promises of wealth and power. while a brute like rohm simply loves the idea of crushing skulls under his boots, schrieber's character is one of many germans who abhors nazi violence but can't resist the quick and easy route to money and power. his weak-willed fawning over hitler soon loses him the respect of his wife, played with style and sensuality by the stunning and regal julianna margulies. they provide a true portrait of marriage and betrayal.these performances carry the mini series along, easily overcoming occasional weaknesses in the script. there is one exception. regrettably, matthew modine's acting chops just aren't up to snuff. his noble lunk-haid journalist ruins every scene he has -- the viewer can hardly wait for rohm's brown-shirts to stomp that smug, righteous look off his ignorant, corn-pone low-rent hollywood golden boy face. but the story still works.now in regard to the factual inaccuracies of the script -- hitler's perversions and cruelty are rendered in a vibrant, compelling drama. but the battlefield record of corporal hitler is badly distorted. as if afraid the audience can't handle the idea of evil and courage in the same person, the writers make hitler look like a whining coward who "begged" for an iron cross. as if anyone in the kaiser's army could get a medal just by whining about it! the movie makes it look as if hitler were a coward in the trenches, when he was a fearless soldier. they also suggest his comrades despised him, when in reality he was widely admired by officers and enlisted men alike. the depressing thing is that the mini-series succeeds so well in representing hitler as a monster in honest ways -- but they just couldn't resist the cheap shot.all in all, however, hitler: rise of evil is a soaring success highlighted by powerful performances.

to communicate in film essential things of life - like what is life, does it have a meaning? - is sheer impossible. of course possible answers to these questions are demonstrated in every film (story), but communication needs a direct appeal to consciousness. this happens if the input from the senses overrules the "input" from our mind, i.e. our thoughts. few directors know how to communicate essential things. tarkovsky, is one. his "stalker" shows images of existence, communicates life as it shows itself and yet escapes your mind. i think de zee and de graaff do the same.

this movie is a journey through the mind of a screenwriter caught in his own paradoxical philosophy. he examines the ever illusive question of 'who am i' and 'what is i?' it's a courageous and thought provoking enterprise. there is a shipload of beautiful images, dream-inspired, escher-like paradoxes reminiscent of the hand drawing itself, or rather, erasing itself. more and more we follow the writer in his agony over what to say and what to film, we see him phoning with his wife who left for peru, leaving him to take care of their baby, a task he performs with less and less attention until he's so absorbed in his dilemma's that he hardly looks at the child anymore. his wife comes back and makes a scene, destroys his notes and helping him go over the last treshold until he erases him-self. interspersed with eye-pleasing and i-destructing images, the story is mainly philosophical. it's about the veils of maya, the world of illusion. the paradox of the movie however, is that it needs a lot of talking and thinking to prove that thinking should stop. during the more than two hours of provocative beauty and rapid philosophising the movie made me long for silence or a shorter movie. if that was the purpose of the maker, he succeeded quite well.

one is tempted to define the genre of gert de graaff's movie as `event of the thought' following the example of merab mamardashvili. the nominal storyline is a certain bart klever's torturous quest for that ephemeral substance which constitutes the essence of personality. the script for his new movie is taking shape simultaneously on his computer and in his own imagination. this film-monologue originated as a response to fellini's `8 ½' and cost gert de graaff 13 years of work. excitedly playing with real and fictional characters as well as with the audience, it reveals the whimsical interconnection of the real and imaginary, the paradoxical co-existence in two different galaxies: that of guttenberg and that of maclhuen. for some time we are apt to side with the script writer, who believes that the cause of all misfortune is the damned stereotypes of mass mentality (`man', `catholic', `window washer'). and together with him we fall into a trap when the author-creator is finally faced with the insoluble dilemma: how can one eliminate from the future movie. bart klever? just five minutes before the finale thanks to the common petty reproaches of the wife of the creator, who is deeply immersed in work, we realize that together with the main character we have again been `framed'. really, what is the price of the art for the sake of which it is acceptable to renounce one's own name and the day-to-day care for the young daughter?so who is he, this bart klever? is he a brilliant prophet or someone possessed like frenhoffer from balzac's masterpiece (just like the latter the script writer in the end erases from the computer memory everything has written)? gert de graaff suggests that we answer this question ourselves.

after going for a bike ride that day, lying beside a lake in a nature reserve, spending half an hour feeding and talking to a donkey who lived in a beautiful field with a small wood in it, this film made absolute sense to me.the imagery of the film was beautiful and that is all you need. switch off the conscious control knob of the mind and job done.reminded me of baraka (1992) but with the added lesson of my previous paragraph.this comment requires a minimum of ten lines, ten lines is the minimum not 9 lines but ten. after finishing counting all the lines you realise that there are less than ten even though less than ten lines is all that is needed to make my comment.

the plot doesn't begin to describe the film: a man is writing a film, or rather, *this* film. it's totally self referential to the point that you think it's going to fold in on itself like a black hole. the writer writes something and it happens, or something happens and he writes about it.it's very philosophical, like "waking life" but more zen oriented and for that matter, much better, in my opinion. at one point there are person-on-the-street interviews and then you see shots of these people being filmed, and then you discover that their responses are scripted when one keeps flubbing her lines. there is beautiful scenery and optical illusions.i hope it comes out on dvd so i can watch it again more carefully. seen at cinequest (the san jose, ca film festival) on 2/25/2002.

this stylistically sophisticated visual game presents ‘a story within a story'. the protagonist is scriptwriter bart klever who fights persistently with his new text – which is, at the same time, the screenplay of the film we're watching. in the movie bart plays a scriptwriter writing the script of the film… bart's struggle with the text becomes a narrative theme, as does the environment of the flat where he works and takes care of his little girl. the intimate environment offers ample opportunity for games of illusion involving space, light, colours and a couple of cats. the outwardly simple world of the room is further complicated by the unstable dimensions of a text continually influenced by the filmmaker's interventions, which appears on a computer monitor and serves as a counterpoint to the similarity mutable environment. the constantly changing viewing angle complicates answers to questions which arise: what is ‘truth' and what ‘illusion' ? which of the observed worlds is primary and superior to the rest? can anything serve as a basic orientation point in the narrative space?

we all create our own reality, or do we? that is the core question behind this highly original and masterfully crafted examination of the illusionary nature of reality. blending eastern and buddhist philosophies with the visual chicanery of m.c. escher, this fascinating treatise manages to take on the rather cerebral question of `who are we and what is our place in the universe?', and turn it into a captivating and fun-filled 100 minutes. the film centers on bart, a writer struggling with his screenplay, `the sea that thinks.' as he sits at his computer, the work begins to unfold as nothing more than a description of his sitting at the computer, writing the screenplay. before long he is stuck in a whirling conundrum in which everything he writes becomes reality. director gert de graaff approaches his subject with an impish sense of humor and dazzles the viewer with a series of astounding visual tricks that confront the nature and validity of our perception. ultimately, de graaff's film challenges the audience at several levels to question whether anything we see or touch or taste is really what it appears to be, or whether our entire understanding of the universe and our place in it is merely a trick played on us by our senses. note: after you've seen the movie, check out the film's entertaining web site. (dutch with english subtitles) --eric moore

there are a number of things that are not correct, although this is not too important since what happened to whom and when is still in dispute. the most blatant liberty with the facts i think is when they start to play at bruno koschmidder's kaiserkeller, when in fact they played at the indra and moved to the kaiserkeller later.i agree with semprinni20 that the film was biased in favour of pete best's version, but if he is the story consultant then i guess he calls the shots. i also agree with semprinni that the recordings pete best plays on say the last word on the subject of why he was fired.although the film is not such a lavish production as the later film "backbeat", i prefer this film because it is more accurate, and because it has a better script with deeper characterisation.there is plenty in the film that is quite substantial - such as brian epstein trying to hide the fact that he has been "queer-bashed," only to find out that the band knew he was gay all along. little touches like the band going into a café and ordering "corn-flakes mit milch." my favourite scene, which does have some bassis in fact, is where at an audition stuart sutcliffe has just bought his bass guitar but can't play it, so he stands with his back to the impresario and tries faking it, but gets caught. that's rock 'n' roll.well worth watching.

having just watched this film again from a 1998 showing off vh-1, i just had to comment.the first time i saw this film on tv, it was about 1981, and i remember taping it off of my mother's betamax. it wound up taping in black and white for some reason, which gave it a period look that i grew to like.i remember very distinctively the film beginning with the song, "my bonnie", as the camera panned over a scene of liverpool. i also remember the opening scene where paul gestures to some girls and says, "look, talent!" so it was with great irritation that i popped in my 1998 taped version and "remembered" that the film opens with "she loves you", instead of "my bonnie". when you see how slowly the camera pans vs. the speed of the music, you can see that "she loves you" just doesn't fit. also, in this "later" version when paul sees the girls, he says, "look, girls!"..and somehow having remembered the earlier version, that word just didn't seem to fit, either. why they felt they had to americanize this film for american audiences is beyond me. personally, if i'm going to watch a film about a british band, i want all of the british colloquialisms and such that would be a part of their speech, mannerisms, etc.another irritation was how "choppy" the editing was for television. just after stu gets beaten, for example, the film cuts to a commercial break-lots of 'em. yeah, i know it depends on the network, but it really ruins the effect of a film to have it sliced apart, as we all know. what some people might find as insignificant in terms of dialogue (and thereby okay to edit), may actually go the way of explaining a particular action or scene that follows.my point is, the "best" version of this film was probably the earlier version i taped from 1981, which just so happened to include the "shake, rattle & roll" scene that my 1998 version didn't. i started to surmise that there had to have been two different versions made for television, and a look at the "alternate versions" link regarding this film proved me right. that the american version had some shorter/cut/different scenes and/or dialogue is a huge disappointment to me and something worth mentioning if one cares about such things. imo, ones best bet is to try and get a hold of the european version of this film, if possible, and (probably even less possible), an unedited version. sadly, i had to discard my old betamax european version because i didn't know how to convert it.all that aside, i found this film to be, perhaps, one of the best films regarding the story behind the "birth of the beatles". being well aware that artistic and creative license is often used in movies and tv when portraying events in history, i didn't let any discrepancies mar my enjoyment of the film. sure, you see the beatles perform songs at the cavern that made me wonder, "did they even write that back then?? i don't think so", but, nevertheless, i thought it was a great film and the performances, wonderful.the real stand-out for me, in fact, was the actor who played john, stephen mackenna. i just about fell in love with him. his look, mannerisms, personality and speaking voice seemed to be spot-on. he looked enough like a young john for me to do a double-take towards the end of the film when you see the beatles performing on ed sullivan for the first time. i actually found myself questioning whether or not it was actual beatle footage, until i saw the other actors in the scene.if you're looking for a dead accurate history of the beatles' life and beginnings, you can't get any better than, "the beatles' anthology", as it was "written" by the boys', themselves. however, if you're looking for a fun snapshot of their pre-beatlemania days leading up to their arrival in america and you leave your anal critical assessments at the door, you can't go wrong with the "birth of the beatles"--a must for any "real" or casual beatle fan.

the idea of making a film about the beatles sounds doomed idea, as no production can catch the idea of the actual historic beatles. then it is perhaps best not to try to recreate the past, but to produce an illustration that works best with the other available beatles material. this is exactly what 'birth of the beatles' offers to us, the simple story known to us without any extravaganza.*** spoilers here on *** be warned that not everything is that accurate as some beatles-graduates might expect. the beatles are seen performing songs that hardly were even composed by that time. the beatles perform "ask me why", "p.s. i love you" and even "don't bother me". the beatles-graduates should see that if the beatles on the film only performed songs that they actually did at hamburg, the younger viewers might not anymore recognize the beatles they have learned to know them. of that original hamburg repertoire only "johnny b. goode" and stu sutcliffe's "love me tender" are retained.the guys who play the beatles in this production scarcely look like the originals, but the rest of the film still make good viewing as the film is for the rest fairly accurate. the guy who plays lennon does it good and the rest of the band are not bad either. brian epstein is great and the moment when he sacks pete best from the group is probably the most memorable scene in the whole film. also as a bonus you get to see the original cavern club in the film.

"birth of the beatles", for being a us television movie, released in the fall of 1979 has actually been, so far the best movie which tells the tale of the the four lads from liverpool that revolutionized the music industry and the world. as told by the point of view of former beatle pete best. the performance from the entire cast is excellent but, most especially the performance by stephen mackenna as john lennon and rod culbertson as paul mccartney. the film was produced by a legend of the rock and roll era,mr dick clark. who a year earlier in 1978 had produced another tv movie, that has stood the test of time starring "kurt rusell" in the lead role about another musical legend; "elvis". that movie was directed by an unknown director named "john carpenter" who went on to direct other successful movies such as; "halloween","escape from new york", and "the thing". the same can be said for the director of the "birth of the beatles", mr richard marquand. he went on to direct other theatrical blockbusters such as "star wars return of the jedi","eye of the needle",and "jagged edge" among many. the only other film that tells the story of the fab four that i know of,is back beat which had a theatrical release in 1994. however, the critics did not care for it,nor did the public, for it did not have a long life span in the theater. birth of the beatles is very charming and simplistic film that gives you the essence of the beginning of the legend and the struggles & hardships they went thru and ends at there pinnacle of success when they arrive in nyc and appear in the ed sullivan show in 1964. i highly recommend this film.

as a knowledgeable fan i recommend this film as faithful to the facts and well acted. as an 11 year old living in istanbul i heard some friends talking about a new music sensation that caused girls to scream. i thought hmmmm, if girls like them, they must be crap. my only records until then were haley mills, the everly brothers & ricky nelson. soon after while on vacation with the family at a military cafeteria in ismir i heard a song (which i later learned was 'love me do') and was floored by the difference between it and every song i had ever heard until then. when i heard the 'meet the beatles' album of my older brother i was hooked for life. having read the definitive book of their beginnings (by davis) i was surprised that this movie followed the facts very well with the exception of leaving out most of the sex and some of the drug use (it did touch on the use of methadrine/dexadrine). >

i wouldn't be surprised if soderbergh was pressured to avoid making pre- revolution cuba as graphically corrupt as it was. merely reciting a few statistics isn't going to make it with the younger crowd. still, part one, which is almost entirely shot in the jungle, does capture the feel of that place, especially when traversing the mountainous areas of cuba. i liked del toro's interpretation of che guevara's personality. and the actor who plays castro, bichir, also did a great job, against all odds. it's clear soderbergh doesn't look down on these people, but it's also clear he's not going to plea their case to 'yanquis' far removed from the recent past. some of the more important historical aspects contradict what i've read. to my knowledge castro did not court the soviet union until all attempts to gain acceptance from the united states were exhausted. but on other aspects he is right on, especially as to the looting by the expatriates as the island went other rebel control. the country's treasury was left empty.

the year is 1964. ernesto "che" guevara, having been a cuban citizen for the last five years,disappears from the face of the earth,leaving a glum fidel castro to announce that he is probably dead,when in truth, he has left cuba to move to bolivia to live an assumed identity. whilst living in la paz,guevara undertakes an idea to overthrow the corrupt,bourgeois government there. once again,steven soderberg takes up where 'che:part one' leaves off (only better this time). the pacing is more on target,the job of acting is ever so fine (including a turn by a sickly looking benecio del toro,as che guevara). suffice it to say,it's probably best if you see both films,to get the true story of guevara & what kind of a man he was (i had the rare open window of opportunity to see both films at one screening----talk about a long haul!). as with 'che-part 1:the argentine',this film has no mpaa rating, but contains enough salty language & violence to easily snag it an 'r'.

i'm going to review the 2 films as a whole because i feel that is how it should be considered, and watched. when i talk about 'the film' i am talking about parts 1 & 2 together when watched one after the other, as they should be.thank you jon anderson, steven soderbergh & benicio del toro.this film is a refreshing, bold, gritty and true film. and, it hearkens a new style of film making. no faux drama. no swelling sound track. not faux documentary style. just clean shots and an attempt to stick to the facts. i have been reading jon anderson's "che guevara: a revolutionary life" and recently finished fidel's auto biography, and this had helped my ability to soak this film in properly. but i have to say that it is jon anderson's exhaustive, penultimate and wonderful biography that has given this film the proper historical back bone. anderson was consultant on this film (or these 2 films). what makes this film a true thing is that it is clean. no swelling music or slow-motion photography to heighten drama, and even more importantly; no fake documentary shaky camera. just square shots and straight forward shooting style. the type of camera used makes you feel right there in the jungle. benicio del toro should be given full honors for this, i never doubted him as che throughout the film... not once. he did a wonderful job and i will respect him for ever for this. some people complain that the film only deals with 2 slices of his life and not the whole. but i think this is one of the true beautiful aspects of this film: it doesn't try to be everything. it doesn't try to 'tell the story'. a person's life is too multifaceted to try and tell in 2, 4, 8, 16 or 32 hours. this is one of the subtle beauties of this film, it resists that temptation, and stays focused on the intent of letting us get a feel for che, his developing militaristic mind and the forces around him. it focuses on 3 slices of time: the battle to over throw batista, che's u.n. speech and the gorilla preparations in bolivia. "motorcycle diaries" already told his young man side, and i applaud s. soderbergh for focusing on other aspects instead. i keep referring to jon anderson's book and the film stays true. the only weak link for me are the casting (not the performance) of matt damon. in a film so loaded with true to life performances, an american, (matt damon) playing a bolivian is a clunky stretch - he does well, but after so much care in the casting, this was an over-site. small and completely forgiven. the reality that the rest of the casting gives you, and most notably benicio del toro's amazing job, put's this film at the top of my list.the fact that this film went almost straight to video say's something about how the cold war ethics that would never allow the 'revolutionized cuba' to become what it might have, are still at work keeping it's story quiet. if not out of clandestine muffling, then out of the effects of properly done propaganda that has prejudiced this topic.this is a must see film, and jon anderson's "che guevara: a revolutionary life" is a must read if you want to start to get a grasp of the early effects on the global mind set regarding the expansion of international / political financial chess moves of the 40's, 50's & 60's that placed unfair pressure on our south american neighbors, and the effects it fostered.

possibly the most brilliant thing about che: part two, as we begin to integrate it with part one in our minds, is that there is no clarification of why che chose to confidentially abscond from cuba after the revolution, no allusion to his experience in the congo, no clarification of why he chose bolivia as his subsequent setting for a coup d'etat, no allusion to the political decisions he made as a young man motorcycling across south america, which walter salles has given prominent familiarity. extraordinary focus is given to che meeting the volunteers who accompany his guerrilla factions. yet hardly any endeavor is made to single them out as individuals, to establish involved relationships. he is reasonably unreasonable. che drives an unbreakable doctrine to leave no wounded man behind. but there is no feeling that he is deeply directly concerned with his men. it is the concept.in part 1, in cuba, the rebels are welcomed by the people of the villages, given food and cover, supported in what grows to be a victorious revolution. here, in bolivia, not much understanding is apparent. villagers expose him. they protect government troops, not his own. when he expounds on the onesidedness of the government medical system, his audience appears uninterested. you cannot lead a people into revolution if they do not want to comply. soderbergh shows u.s. military advisers working with the bolivians, but doesn't fault the united states for che's collapse. che seems to have just misfigured his fight and the place where he wanted to have it.in showcasing both wars, soderbergh doesn't build his battle scenes as actions with specific results. che's men attack and are attacked. they exchange fire with faraway assailants. there is generally a cut to the group in the aftershock of combat, its death toll not paused for. this is not a war movie. it is about one man's reasonably unreasonable drive to endure. there is no elaborate cinematography. soderbergh looks firmly at che's inflexible dedication. there are remarkable sporadic visceral shots, but being few they are all the more powerful, such as che's pov shot during his final beats. there is an abundance of the terrain, where these men live for weeks at a time, and the all-consuming effect is of languor, guevara himself having malaria part of the time.benicio del toro, one of the film's producers, gives a champion's performance, not least because it's modest. he isn't portrayed as the cutting edge like most epic heroes. in cuba, he arises in conquest, in bolivia, he falls to the reverse, and occasionally is actually difficult to distinguish behind a tangle of beard and hair. del toro illustrates not so much an identity as an attitude. you may think the film is too long. i think there's a genuine cause for its breadth. guevara's affairs in cuba and particularly bolivia was not a sequence of episodes and sketches, but an undertaking of staying power that might virtually be called insane. in the end, che as a whole or in parts is a commercially ballsy movie, one where its director begins by understanding the limits innate in cinematic biography and working progressively within those means.

part ii or formerly known as guerilla, is also a great achievement but not quite as entertaining as part i because this is where we begin to witness what might have caused the fall and death of che guevara. once again, i'm impressed by the cause-and-effect that both parts have in their interconnecting stories. we're reminded again and again that the lead character, che guevara is an argentine. some of the men in fidel's army chose not to take orders from a foreigner and now that che has chosen to leave the comfort of victory to continue the revolutionary in bolivia, he doesn't get much respect from his new army and the natives either, only because he's a foreigner.as far as technical goes, i think part ii would've been more helpful if before everything else, right after the display of the map, it would show some highlights from the previous installment just to refresh memory about his characters and what he's set himself on doing, to make the audience understand why his methods was successful in cuba but they don't work in bolivia. it is clear now in this segment, that che is not as charismatic as fidel castro. in bolivia, he's dealing with a bunch of soldiers whose hearts are not fully in it. it's said that the ingredient for revolutionary is love.. well, they don't give a damn that much about their country so it's a tough sell. it's excruciatingly painful and difficult for che to get the others to buy into his vision.i like one particular scene that illustrates che's deteriorating condition, a scene in which his horse would not go no matter how badly che tries to direct it, and then his temper took the better of him and for a moment there, he forgets he's a doctor, and he becomes this desperate soldier who's stabs his own horse. his army is like a horse that doesn't want to be led. but at the same time, the film drags, it relies on small cameos from familiar faces that you'll recognize just for the sake of brief entertainment and for the most part, you get pounded left and right by one obstacle after another, but maybe that is the intention of part ii, if so.. then it definitely works. standing ovation to the cinematography that gives us a first person view at the moment of che's last breath. this movie may not answer the questions of why che guevara was so stubborn, why he was so determined he could pull it off even wen the odds were against him and why he deeply wants south america to have the same fate as cuba but the movie che is a story worth telling.

the first one meant victory. this one means defeat. it takes place in a bolivia, there the guerillas are sick and wary and don't meet that much sympathy from the farmers. if you know your 60s history, you understand how it ends. you will understand it even without that knowledge.del toro is once again splendid. he goes on building this icon about the revolutionary who remains the same, regardless of success or failure. that's what guevara is according to the legend, but still it's so well acted.the documentary feeling is there around the icon, which is one of the greatest achievements in this big soderbergh project. he has succeeded.

from what i've read a lot of people were disappointed by this film, compared to part 1. initially i could understand this but after a bit of thought i think they are wrong to be. soderbergh continues his fact based telling of che's life that he started in part 1. part 1 told a story of a revolution moving from unpromising beginnings to an ultimately successful conclusion. part 2 tells a story of a revolution that moves from unpromising beginnings to a completely unsuccessful conclusion. it is not soderbergh's fault that these 2 parts of che's life had completely different outcomes. he bravely chooses to tell both in a fairly straightforward way. the viewer may feel a lot better coming out of the cinema after part 1 than part 2 but that is the reality of che's life and not in my opinion any fault of the director. the film is far from perfect. it is probably too long. at least in part 1 we saw different aspects of the war as the guerrillas had successes. in part 2 they can't catch a break and we see their numbers constantly being reduced by death and capture. che's capture and death are dealt with well. the film is greatly enhanced by the dialogue being in spanish. benicio del toro is again excellent as the charismatic argentinian. so if you've seen part 1 you will see a very similar telling of a very different story in part 2.

i watched part one two days ago and today i saw part two. of course the two parts are worlds apart so i am a little shaken by all that i just saw. i felt consumed by the knowledge of the inevitability of che's death; for me, it clouded the entire movie. i suppose that is exactly what soderbergh wanted us to feel, the slowly evolving inevitability of his death. part two was so downbeat compared to, again an inevitability but in cuba it was positive and in bolivia it was so negative. the politics of the movement in bolivia were only alluded to but rarely confronted didactically. for me the memorable scenes were all at the end of the film: the confrontation with the jailer and the milder talk with the bolivian official where that official questions che about the failure of the peasants to support his revolution. i had not considered the national differences playing as much role as they did in the conflict, argentine versus bolivian. i thought soderbergh dealt admirably with the inevitable problems of supply in a revolutionary struggle; how do you get food without antagonizing the peasants who do not have enough themselves. i was struck by how hard it would be to try something as che tried. i guess it is all in the timing; is there sufficient anger against the government to begin the movement; in bolivia there wasn't. che realized the terrible corundum of revolutionists in his letter to fidel read at the beginning of the film: if not now, when, 50 years from now. a very thought provoking and well done film; make every effort to see it.

i've read up a little bit on che before watching this film and you wanna know something, he was a real hero for the people because he only wanted to see equality for everyone and that he hated what the oppressive forces were doing to his people as well as all other latin americans in general! now, i don't know about others, but to me he did the right thing by wanting socialism so that everyone had to pay their fair share. however, the powerful elite obviously weren't going to go for that. so, rather than understanding what che guevera wanted, they were forced to kill him in attempting to suppress the revolution. it didn't work since there were too many of his other followers who only picked up where he left off. a good example of this was when castro continued his leadership in cuba. as far as i'm concerned and as che said it himself right before he died: "if you kill me, that's fine. but you're only killing a man, you'll never kill the cause!" i couldn't have said it any better myself.but ... anyways.... that's why i give this film a 7 out of 10.

it surprises me that i actually got the courage to watch the bio flick or flicks "che: parts 1 & 2". why? because if my cuban exile parents would ever found out i saw this movie about this despicable mass murderer of the cuban revolution, i would be grounded for life. hey wait? i am an adult, they can't ground me no mas. director steven soderbergh, and newbie commie (sorry steven, but i had to take soder shots here) divides the movie in two partes on commander ernesto "che" guevara's revolutionary life. "che: part 1" presents how che in the mid 1950's joined fidel castro's guerilla crew in their revolutionary quest to overthrow cuban president fulgencio batista's regime; which as we all know was a revolutionary success for them, but a gargantuan guerilla disaster to many cubans as it revolted into communism. "che: part 2" presents che trying to revolutionize the t-shirt industry by pitching t-shirts with his appalling bearbado face to t-shirt manufacturers. ok, i am che-chatting a lot of crap towards your way! i meant to say the 'che: part 2" focuses on che in the late 60's trying to bring back the revolution, this time to a poverty-stricken bolivia, but with far different results. in fact, che ended up being dead meat enchelada when he was captured and killed by the bolivian militia in 1967. soderbergh does not include the in-between time of those two instances in che's life when he commanded the despicable la cabana fortress prison in cuba, where he mass murdered many cubans who opposed communism. that is where i think soderbergh executed a cinematic injustice by not showing the viewers how atrocious guevara really was. i did decide to see "che" in hopes that soderbergh would not glamorize him, but instead present how disturbed he really was. unfortunately, soderbergh did not do the latter and sadly decided to present guevara as a revolutionary hero, which he was not. he was a sick man who thank god is now probably at the bottom of the devil barrel. now, i do have to be an objectivistic reviewer and must admit that benicio del toro's performance as che was extremely commanding, and worthy of merit. and that demian bichir was a haunting dead-ringer as fidel castro in his meticulous performance. but the rest of the cast of "che" was primarily comprised of mediocre performances of actors portraying guerilla soldiers. and as much as i do admire matt damon, why did sodebergh throw him in the revolutionary mix in a spanish-speaking cameo performance portraying a bolivian delegate? soderbergh did not have to present this biopic which is mostly "too much talk and not enough action" in 4 hours and 30 minutes. we have had too much of che already, even posthumously with those ridiculous t-shirts, so why give us too much more of him? but i guess when you have the del toro by the horns (as you did here steven), i guess it is your saving grace for not totally executing "che: parts 1 &2". *** average

che: part one was a fascinating experiment, which did not only tell a very interesting story, but it also tried to do something different with the "biopic" genre.che: part two is the excellent culmination of this experiment.this movie offers all of the same attributes from the first one, from the extraordinary performances (specially from benicio del toro) to steven soderbergh's brilliant direction, without forgetting its intention of breaking with the conventional rules from the biopics.that is what i admire from soderbergh's experiments...they always try to do something different and unusual, and they succeed most of the times.the final message from this film is perfect, and it includes everything we have been told about che guervara's life.the only fail i found on che: part two is that a few parts felt a bit irrelevant.in summary, i give che: part two a very enthusiastic recommendation because, as the first one, it is a brave and fascinating experiment which challenges the spectator and leaves us thinking.

i came to watch guerrilla, part two of steven soderbergh's biopic of che guevara, without having seen the preceding film and without more than a cursory knowledge of che's life. at the same time i was rather apprehensive that this would be both a heavy-going history lesson and an unrepentant love-letter to the iconic revolutionary. as it turns out, this film far exceeded my expectations.guerrilla works remarkably well as a standalone film. the story of che's failed attempt to lead a revolution in bolivia, then under military rule, is a compelling tragedy. the initial impetus brought by che's arrival incognito to lead the guerrilla war is lost as misfortune follows misfortune. the odds stack up against the revolutionaries. us backing for the bolivian army, hostile conditions in the rainforest, suspicious locals and che's failing health are just some of the difficulties which beset the nascent rebellion.soderbergh's portrayal of che is largely uncritical, but this film is no hagiography. the style is refreshingly undramatic, with a subtle and effective soundtrack by alberto iglesias adding quiet drama to many scenes. che is undoubtedly the centre of the film but there are very few close-ups of his face and we are encouraged to see the people fighting alongside him and sometimes against him too. where soderbergh wishes to demonstrate che's virtues we see it in small episodes such as the loyal acolyte who upbraids two fellow guerrillas when they question che's leadership, and emphasises the sacrifice that he has made in leaving behind cuba to fight again for revolution.the direction throughout is superb. part two feels tightly edited despite its narrow focus and is able to communicate a great deal through images without the need for a narrator to spell things out for the audience. at the start of the film we see a few short clips of lavish parties in post-revolutionary cuba, immediately furnishing us with ideas as to why che would sacrifice his old life to fight again in another country. later on, the portrayal of guerrillas marching through the unending rainforests stands out as a strikingly beautiful scene and helps to create a feeling of the enormity of the task before this tiny band of revolutionaries.if there is a problem with the film it is the distance between the viewer and che, which, though it does allow us to appreciate the context of the insurgency and the people around him, makes it hard for us to understand him better as a person. true, benicio del toro is utterly convincing in the lead role – so much so that it is difficult to remember that you are watching an actor and not the man himself. however, watching guerrilla as a standalone film means that we are given precious little insight into what is shaping che's thoughts, words and actions. it is to be hoped that this is more to the fore in the first part of soderbergh's biopic (i cannot comment on that yet), and certainly the strength of part two is making me look forward eagerly to seeing the prequel.

i sat through both parts of che last night, back to back with a brief bathroom break, and i can't recall when 4 hours last passed so quickly. i'd had to psyche myself up for a week in advance because i have a real 'thing' about directors, producers and editors who keep putting over blown, over long quasi epics in front of us and i feel that on the whole, 2 to 2.5 hours is about right for a movie. so 4 hours seemed to be stretching the limits of my tolerance and i was very dubious about the whole enterprise. but i will say upfront that this is a beautifully – i might say lovingly – made movie and i'm really glad i saw it. director steven soderbergh is to be congratulated on the clarity of his vision. the battle scenes zing as if you were dodging the bullets yourself.if there is a person on the planet who doesn't know, ernesto 'che' guevara was the argentinian doctor who helped fidel castro overthrow fulgencio batista via the 1959 cuban revolution. when i was a kid in the 1960s, che's image was everywhere; on bedroom wall posters, on t shirts, on magazine covers. che's image has to be one of the most over exploited ever. if the famous images are to be relied on, then che was a very good looking guy, the epitome of revolutionary romanticism. had he been butt ugly, i have to wonder if he would have ever been quite so popular in the public imagination? of course dying young helps.movies have been made about che before (notably the excellent motorcycle diaries of 2004 which starred the unbearably cute gael garcia bernal as young che, touring south america and seeing the endemic poverty which formed his marxist politics) but i don't think anyone has ever tackled the entire story from beginning to end, and this two-parter is an ambitious project. i hope it pays off for soderbergh but i can only imagine that instant commercial success may not have been uppermost in his mind.the first movie (the agentine) shows che meeting castro in mexico and follows their journey to cuba to start the revolution and then the journey to new york in 1964 to address the un. cleverly shot black and white images look like contemporary film but aren't. the second film (guerilla) picks up again in 1966 when che arrives in bolivia to start a new revolutionary movement. the second movie takes place almost entirely in the forest. as far as i can see it was shot mostly in spain but i can still believe it must have been quite grueling to film. benicio del toro is excellent as che, a part he seems born to play.personally, i felt that the argentine (ie part one) was much easier to watch and more 'entertaining' in the strictly movie sense, because it is upbeat. they are winning; the revolution will succeed. che is in his element leading a disparate band of peasants, workers and intellectuals in the revolutionary cause. the second part is much harder to watch because of the inevitability of his defeat. in much the same way that the recent valkyrie - while being a good movie - was an exercise in witnessing heroic failure, so i felt the same about part two of che (guerilla). we know at the outset that he dies, we know he fails. it is frustrating because the way the story is told, it is obvious fairly early on that the fomentation of revolution in bolivia is doomed; che is regarded as a foreign intruder and fails to connect with the indigenous peoples in the way that he did with the cubans. he doggedly persists which is frustrating to watch because i felt that he should have known when to give up and move on to other, perhaps more successful, enterprises. the movie does not romanticise him too much. he kills people, he executes, he struggles with his asthma and follows a lost cause long after he should have given up and moved on, he leaves a wife alone to bring up five fatherless children.but overall, an excellent exercise in classic movie making. one note; as i watched the us trained bolivian soldiers move in en masse to pick off che and his small band of warriors one by one, it reminded me of the finale to butch cassidy. i almost turned to my husband and said so, but hesitated, thinking he would find such thoughts trite and out of place. as we left the theatre he turned to me and said "didn't you think the end was like butch cassidy………………!"

many reviews i've read reveals that most people tend to like part one better than part two. i feel exactly the opposite. part one played around a bit much with trying to find different ways of showing che guevara's personality through different types of film stock, different locations, and cutting back and forth between an interview and the cuban revolution. for the most part it was structured finely but somewhat distracting. in part two, che enters bolivia, and along with changing geographical location, the rules and the structure changes. gone are the spacial jumps and switching between stocks, the "documentary realism" and the treatises. instead, now we are literally trapped with che in a desaturated, depopulated landscape where the only people who exist are burdened too far with their lives for anything but survival to be an option. i posit that it's the dark turn of che's life that is the real reason why most people prefer part one to part two.the change in geographic location also signifies, for me at least, that che: part one and che: part two are, in fact, the second two acts of a three act structure begun by motorcycle diaries. motorcycle diaries is che's coming-of-age (or more appropriately, coming-of-ideals) in argentina, che: part one is his military leadership in cuba, and che: part two is his downfall in bolivia. these movies do not completely illustrate his life (we're missing his experiences in guatamala and, more importantly in my opinion, his post-cuban revolution executions), but they create a very detailed exploration into the controversial aspects of his character and nature as worldwide symbol. he both symbolizes the idealism and need for armed resistance to oppression, and revolutionary failings in the post-world war ii third world countries and their hindering by such activities as, um, the cias meddling.but, yet again, all of that is projected on-screen in this case not through long scenes of dialog and speeches, but through a much more intimate, suffering portrayal of che at the end of his thread and his life. again, the rules have changed, and in this case it's hard to tell if there was any chance of success at all. the number of times the camera shows people literally trapped between a rock and a hard place and the desaturated, shaky long takes involves the audience into the narrative of people imprisoned in a hostile landscape, an existential hell, where revolutionary beliefs ultimately end up taking second tier to the desperation of hunted people starving to death. it's just not that easy of a movie to watch, but it's very effective.--polarisdib

following directly from where the story left off in part one, the second half which sets about telling the inevitable downfall and much more grim side of the man's legacy is exactly as such. in direct contrast to the first feature, part two represents a shift from che the pride and glory of a revolutionised country, to che—struggling liberator of a country to which he has no previous ties. the change of setting isn't just aesthetic; from the autumn and spring greys of the woodlands comes a change of tone and heart to the feature, replacing the optimism of the predecessor with a cynical, battered and bruised reality aligned to an all new struggle. yet, as che would go on to say himself—such a struggle is best told exactly as that—a struggle. while part one certainly helped document that initial surge to power that the revolutionary guerrilla acquired through just that, part two takes a much more refined, callous and bleak segment of che's life and ambition, and gives it an assertive portrayal that is both poignant and tragic in a tangible, easy to grasp manner.while the movie's tone in some regards does stray off and differ quite drastically from part one however, there still remains that same documented approach taken a month ago that avoids melodrama and fabrication as much as possible. this somewhat distant, cold approach to telling che's story and struggle will no doubt turn some viewers off; indeed, i still remain reserved about whether or not the feature itself should have been named after one man—if anything, the entirety of che, taken as a whole, delivers a tale that goes beyond mere biography and instead documents a man's struggle alongside those who helped carry him along the way. by no means does soderbergh try to paint a humanistic portrait here akin to what hirschbiegel did with der untergang half a decade ago (excuse the ironic contrast); che is a slow moving, reserved and meditative approach to telling a history lesson that just happens to be narrated by the one man who –arguably- conducted the whole thing.yet by moving from the lush green landscapes of cuba and retreating to the bleak, decaying backdrop of bolivia for part two, the story does inevitably take on a distinctly contrasting tone that doesn't feel too disjointed from its predecessor, but does enough to give it its own reference points. here, the basic structure of part one is echoed back—there's the initial struggle, the battles, the fallen comrades and the recruiting of those to replace them, all the while we see some glimpses of the man behind the movement. yet, as anyone with the vaguest idea of the actual history behind the feature will know, part two is destined to end on a much more underwhelming, and disquieting note. this difference, in combination with the similarities to part one, make a compelling and memorable whole; by all means, both could be digested one their own (and kudos to soderbergh for achieving as such) and enjoyed as they are, but taken as one statement, che delivers exactly what it sets out to achieve.indeed, everything that made part one the treat that it was one month prior is still evident here from the subtle yet engrossing performances from the central cast to the slow building, realistically structured combat scenes—the drama inherent to the characters on screen is just as vague and indiscernible, but with a feature such as this, part two once again proves that avoiding such elements don't necessarily hurt a film when there is enough plot and reflection on other elements to keep the viewer engaged. in fact, upon writing this review i was at odds as to whether or not to simply add a paragraph or two to my initial review for part one, and title the review as a whole, yet i felt that to do so would only serve to disillusion those who may sit down to watch the entirety of both films consecutively.with that said, i cannot rightfully decree whether or not che holds up to the task of engaging an audience for its sprawling four hour plus runtime, but upon viewing both segments i can at least attest to each part's ability to do just that. with a reflective, intricate screenplay combined with endlessly mesmerising photography and nuanced performances that do justice to the movie's characters without drawing attention to themselves, che part two is every bit as compelling and rewarding as its predecessor, but this time with a tragic but uplifting, reaffirming conclusion fit for the history pages of film.- a review by jamie robert ward (http://www.invocus.net)

part two picks up... not where the last film left off. as part of the quasi-conventionality of steven soderbergh's epic 4+ hour event, che's two stories are told as classic "rise" and "fall" scenarios. in part two, che guevara, leaving his post as a bureaucrat in cuba and after a failed attempt in the congo (only in passing mentioned in the film), goes down to bolivia to try and start up another through-the-jungle style revolution. things don't go quite as well planned, at all, probably because of che's then notorious stature as a communist and revolutionary, and in part because of america's involvement on the side of the bolivian government, and, of course, that castro wasn't really around as a back-up for che.as it goes, the second part of che is sadder, but in some ways wiser than the first part. which makes sense, as guevara has to endure low morale from his men, betrayals from those around him, constant mistakes by grunts and nearby peasants, and by ultimately the enclosing, larger military force. but what's sadder still is that guevara, no matter what, won't give in. one may see this as an incredible strength or a fatal flaw- maybe both- but it's also clear how one starts to see che, if not totally more fully rounded, then as something of a more sympathetic character. true, he did kill, and executed, and felt justified all the way. and yet it starts to work on the viewer in the sense of a primal level of pity; the sequence where guevara's health worsens without medicine, leading up to the shocking stabbing of a horse, marks as one of the most memorable and satisfying of any film this year.again, soderbergh's command of narrative is strong, if, on occasion, slightly sluggish (understandable due to the big running time), and one or two scenes just feel totally odd (matt damon?), but these are minor liabilities. going this time for the straight color camera approach, this is almost like a pure militia-style war picture, told with a great deal of care for the men in the group, as well as guevara as the lord-over this group, and how things dwindle down the final scene. and as always, del-toro is at the top of his game, in every scene, every beat knowing this guy so well- for better and for worse- that he comes about as close to embodiment as possible. overall, the two parts of che make up an impressive package: history as drama in compelling style, good for an audience even if they don't know che or, better, if they don't think highly of him. it's that special. 8.5/10

ironically the most talked-about american film in the 2008 new york film festival is 98% in spanish. the extra-long film's controversy began at the cannes festival. there were love-hate notices, and considerable doubts about commercial prospects. as consolation the star, benicio del toro, got the best actor award there. i'm talking about steven soderbergh's 'che,' of course. that's the name it's going by in this version, shown in new york as at cannes in two 2-hour-plus segments without opening title or end credits. 'che' is certainly appropriate since ernesto "che" guevara is in almost every scene. del toro is impressive, hanging in reliably through thick and thin, from days of glorious victory in part one to months of humiliating defeat in part two, appealing and simpatico in all his varied manifestations, even disguised as a bald graying man to sneak into bolivia. it's a terrific performance; one wishes it had a better setting.if you are patient enough to sit through the over four hours, with an intermission between the two sections, there are rewards. there's an authentic feel throughout--fortunately soderbergh made the decision to film in spanish (though some of the actors, oddly enough in the english segments especially, are wooden). you get a good outline of what guerrilla warfare, che style, was like: the teaching, the recruitment of campesinos, the morality, the discipline, the hardship, and the fighting--as well as che's gradual morphing from company doctor to full-fledged military leader. use of a new 9-pound 35 mm-quality red "digital high performance cine camera" that just became available in time for filming enabled dp peter andrews and his crew to produce images that are a bit cold, but at times still sing, and are always sharp and smooth.the film is in two parts--soderbergh is calling them two "films," and the plan is to release them commercially as such. first is 'the argentine,' depicting che's leadership in jungle and town fighting that led up to the fall of havana in the late 50's, and the second is 'guerrilla,' and concerns che's failed effort nearly a decade later in bolivia to spearhead a revolution, a fruitful mission that led to guevara's capture and execution in 1967. the second part was to have been the original film and was written first and, i think, shot first. producer laura bickford says that part two is more of a thriller, while part one is more of an action film with big battle scenes. yes, but both parts have a lot in common--too much--since both spend a large part of their time following the guerrillas through rough country. guerrilla an unmitigated downer since the bolivian revolt was doomed from the start. the group of cubans who tried to lead it didn't get a friendly reception from the bolivian campesinos, who suspected foreigners, and thought of the cuban communists as godless rapists. there is a third part, a kind of celebratory black and white interval made up of che's speech at the united nations in 1964 and interviews with him at that time, but that is inter-cut in the first segment. the first part also has fidel and is considerably more upbeat, leading as it does to the victory in santa clara in 1959 that led to the fall of the dictatorship of fulgencio batista in cuba.during 'guerilla' i kept thinking how this could indeed work as a quality european-style miniseries, which might begin with a shortened version of walter salles's 'motorcycle diaries' and go on to take us to guevara's fateful meeting with fidel in mexico and enlistment in the 26th of july movement. there could be much more about his extensive travels and diplomatic missions. this is far from a complete picture of the man, his childhood interest in chess, his lifelong interest in poetry, the books he wrote; even his international fame is only touched on. and what about his harsh, cruel side? really what soderbergh is most interested in isn't che, but revolution, and guerrilla warfare. the lasting impression that the 4+ hours leave is of slogging through woods and jungle with wounded and sick men and women and idealistic dedication to a the cause of ending the tyranny of the rich. someone mentioned being reminded of terrence malick's 'the tin red line,' and yes, the meandering, episodic battle approach is similar; but 'the thin red line' has stronger characters (hardly anybody emerges forcefully besides che), and it's a really good film. this is an impressive, but unfinished and ill-fated, effort.this 8-years-gestating, heavily researched labor of love (how many more ocean's must come to pay for it?) is a vanity project, too long for a regular theatrical release and too short for a miniseries. radical editing--or major expansion--would have made it into something more successful, and as it is it's a long slog, especially in the second half.it's clear that this slogging could have been trimmed down, though it's not so clear what form the resulting film would have taken--but with a little bit of luck it might have been quite a good one.

neatly skipping over everything from the coup in cuba to his undercover entry into bolivia, part two of soderbergh's portrayal of che guevara is that of the tragic hero. as with che – part one, this rather rambling guerrilla warfare escapade through the colourful mountains of bolivia is probably destined to disappoint more people than it will satisfy, so why was the film (and particularly benicio del toro's performance) so loudly praised at cannes?james rocchi, for instance, called it, a work of art that's, "not just the story of a revolutionary," but, "a revolution in and of itself." the guardian's peter bradshaw called it a "flawed masterpiece." i return to my original contention for part one – that the value lies particularly in depiction of a hero figure. and in an age when there is a surfeit of poor hero role-models, could it not be salutary to see a strongly honourable one, even if stripped of some of the less endearing episodes of his life? this is the psychological hero enshrined by the great scottish essayist, thomas carlyle, in his seminal book, heroes and hero worship. heroes can be real or imaginary (or somewhere in-between). but should genuinely inspire us to higher goals, a higher purpose. compare this with the unrealistic 'heroes' of standard western storytelling: where a person undergoes trials and tribulations before obtaining a barely-believable reward – usually everlasting love or material wealth – as if by divine studio intervention. real heroes have an excess of moral courage – not lost ark dare-devilishness or james bond super-toys. they rise, and empower others to rise, to be the best that they can be. in part one, che succeeds. in part two, he fails. it is not for want of moral courage but since a) not all good plans can succeed and b) being human, mistakes are inevitable.guevara's intellectual clarity is flawed when he equates conditions that justify armed struggle with conditions that make that armed struggle able to succeed. it is a serious miscalculation.high in the mountains from la paz, the colours are breathtaking. there is an air of mise-en-scene authenticity that was occasionally lacking in che - part one (the u.s. would not allow soderbergh to film in cuba.) visual treats are heightened by maximising natural light and the extreme flexibility and realism offered with groundbreaking red cameras. this is a high performance digital cine camera with the quality of 35mm film and the convenience of pure digital. designed for flexibility and functionality, the package weighs a mere 9 lbs. "shooting with red is like hearing the beatles for the first time," says soderbergh. "red sees the way i see . . . so organic, so beautifully attuned to that most natural of phenomena – light." if che had stopped with the successful cuban revolution it would have enshrouded him with an almost mystical invincibility. that he fails in bolivia shows not only that he has human limitations but that it is his moral virtues that are remembered, not the political triumph. critics will say – and with some justification - that his armed struggle inspired much less noble characters to achieve tin-pot dictatorships. his development of guerrilla fighting tactics are not good or bad in themselves (and have since been used for both).but for all its praiseworthiness, the film often seems to lack dramatic and narrative tension. we stumble from one escapade to another, knowing that he will eventually meet his death. i found myself glancing at my watch and thinking it could have been shorter. but the work that has gone into this – interviews with people from all sides and even getting one of guevara's ex-comrades to coach actors on the minutiae of the bolivian operations – make the film a commendable achievement. it might not be top-flight entertainment, but it demonstrates integrity in documenting a significant slice of history.there is also another very important point in the che 'hero' figure here. it's about failure. that if you try your utmost, even if you fail, your effort will not have been in vain because it may give others hope and moral courage. one could cynically call it a 'martyr' complex, and it is found, of course, in many religious figures as well. but che does not 'sacrifice' himself. he does what he does best, to the best of his not inconsiderate ability, and so provides an example. success or failure in any particular instance become mere details.with the u.s.'s longstanding and illegal blockade of cuba (all in the name of 'freedom'), i am tempted to write that che parts 1 & 2 are too good to be wasted on the u.s. but that would be to invite a contention that the film has sought so earnestly to avoid. one must hope that many viewers will have the skill to view che without politics and the bias that inevitably engenders. whatever its faults, it rehabilitates soderbergh from the populist nonsense of oceans 11.but if you haven't heard of che guevara or seen part one, or if you can't get past the phrase 'murderous marxist' without frothing at the mouth, i might struggle to imagine what you would get from this film. the same can be said for many who have, and can.

a lot of the problem many people have with this movie is that they seem to think that the story should have been more entertaining (ignoring it is based on a true story) or ranting against a film that glorifies che (which it really doesn't). this film is very close to jon anderson's definitive bio on che and gets the story right. soderburgh does an excellent job of setting the mood for the unraveling debacle that was che's bolivian adventure. you really get the impression of the total timidity and bewilderment of the bolvian peasant to che's revolutionary ideas or of the difficulties that his men faced with hunger and the terrain. sorry to bore the attention challenged movie fan out there but that was how it happened. so don't go into this movie expecting a rambo shoot em up, its a true story!

i love cinema so what i'm about to confess embarrasses me deeply. i had given a thumbs down to "che, parts 1 and 2" without having seen the film. terrible i know. but i felt into a trap perpetrated by...who? i don't really know but there has been a negative word of mouth that spread like wild fire and, no matter how smart i think i am, i fell into it. but, thankfully, i bumped into an argeninean film director, martin donovan, a man i love and admire. when i told him i wasn't going to see it because i knew the film was a failure he looked at me as if he was ready to punch me right on the face and donovan is a pacifist! he took me aside and told me how much he loved the film and why. i went to see both parts straight away and, "che, part 1 and 2" is the best film i've seen in 2008. it is, of such purity that it will remind you of the work of some of the great masters of the past. the regard for its audience is something that we're not used to anymore. i don't know if we ever were. riveting, moving, without concessions and benicio del toro is just extraordinary. we can see his soul, we can actually perceive it. the humanity of the man is overwhelming. so, thank you martin donovan once again for educating me so honestly. bravo del toro, bravo soderbergh and everyone involved in this landmark film. don't commit the mistake i was about to commit. go see it, now, on the big screen

beautiful story of wisconsin native, dan jansen, and his real life, agonizing struggle to win the 1994 olympic gold medal in speed skating, despite his overwhelming emotional loss with the death of his much loved best friend and family member; his sister, jane.this story's main focus is to sensitively portray the real life emotional turmoil of grief, that one feels in loosing a special loved one, and the struggle to productively cope and rise above the great loss! it is the incredible story of dan jansen's heartbreak in loosing his beloved sister to leukemia, his struggle to cope with the intensity of his grief, while still maintaining his dream to win at the olympics, and his ultimate triumph in winning the gold medal in speed skating for america, and in honor of his sister's memory; thereby fulfilling his childhood promise to jane!after dan jansen's remarkable gold medal performance in the winter olympic in lillihamer, norway, he established a foundation in 1994 to help fight leukemia, which claimed the life of his sister, and to support youth sports programs, educational and scholarship awards. his dan jansen foundation promotes the philosophy that: "as his father always told him at a young age: 'there is more to life than skating around in circles!' maintaining a proper perspective is key! so, too, is setting goals, and realizing one's dreams through perseverence, overcoming adversity and never giving up!"recommended for anyone who has ever suffered the great loss of someone very special, and dearly loved within your life! and, for anyone who still believes in the achievement of dreams, and never giving up!

a brother's promise is a wonderful family film. this is a biography of dan jansen, a champion olympic speed skater. the movie depicts this athlete's life from a young age through full adulthood. the love and support of the family members is evident throughout. how dan and the rest of his family handle winning and losing races is a life lesson for all of us. the commitment and determination of dan's coach and his teammates, shows what it takes to make a real team. how dan and his family deal with a devastating illness of a loved one is depicted without undo sentiment or sugarcoating. the faith of the family is shown in basic terms and is obviously a major part of their lives. this is a powerful family film which can be meaningful for a person of any age.

i had read an article about dan jansen's olympic and personal journey before seeing this movie. i'm always intrigued by a story of hope and overcoming life altering events, and this was no exception.the background of the characters that is provided gives you a sense of the family's closeness and how they positively affected each others' lives. i can't speak to the accuracy of specific details in this movie, it is customary to take some creative license when organizing a script. however, the spirit of dan and his family is what matters here.its a worthwhile movie of a story that should be told. i felt empathy for the characters and cheered at the end.

a really great movie and true story. dan jansen the greatest skater ever. a touching and beautiful movie the whole family can enjoy. the story of jane jansens battle with cancer and dan jansen love for his sister. of a important promise made by jansen to win a gold medal to prove his sister jane was right to believe in his talent in speed skating was justified. this picture is well worth the time. i wish they would make more films of this quality. thank you for a great film with excellent actors and an excellent story. it is a very touching story about a beautiful family support and faith for their children and a special dream for their youngest son and his sister.

carl brashear (cuba gooding, jr.) was born to sharecroppers in the deep south. he joins the navy, whereupon he tells his father he will be back. the father gives him an old radio, and brashear leaves on the navy bus. the most valuable thing his unemotional father taught him was, "never quit". after a recommendation from a white commander powers boothe), who admires his drive and guts, he gets sent to navy diving school at bayonne, nj. he endures harassment from his pals in uniform and from his trainer, chief navy master diver, billy sunday (robert de niro), and from the commanding officer, called pappy, (hal holbrook, who "has almost as many loose screws as an old car". they all want to make him drop out, and the prejudice is quite fierce.the dangers of diving prove a further setback when he loses a leg due to an accident on board ship. despite this setback, he tells his wife that he will train and achieve his objective, and with the help of billy sunday, (now both joined in commiseration in their sufferings), they train and he is able to become the first black navy diver with his artificial limb despite the skepticism of a highly mocking and doubtful captain at the navy department hearing in washington, dc to determine if he meets the criteria. an inspirational movie, showing that determination can overcome all odds.

for me,this is one of the best movies i ever saw.overcoming racism,struggling through life and proving himself he isn't just an ordinary "cookie" ,carl brashear is an amazing character to play ,who puts cuba in his best light,best performance in his life.de niro,who is a living legend gives that something to the movie.hated his character in movie,but he gives so much good acting to this film,great performance.and appearance of beautiful charlize was and as always is a big plus for every movie. so if you haven't seen this movie i highly recommended for those who love bravery,greatness who seek inspiration.you must look this great drama. my vote 9/10.

you think you've had it tough? you should check out this film. carl brashear is the epitome of courage and determination. what this man had to go through to become a navy diver, should be an inspiration to us all. and significantly, after seeing this film, i learned that what is shown is not even the half of it! cuba gooding, jr. does some of his best work to date as brashear. de niro, as usual is good as the southern redneck who trains him. george tillman in only his second major feature (after "soul food"), has made a quantum leap as a filmmaker. if you want to be moved and inspired, you definitely need to check out this one.

i gave it an 8 star rating. the story may have fallen short about 3/4 of the way into the picture but the performances remained strong throughout."men of honor" was changed from "navy diver" understandably so. anyone who has served in any branch of the armed forces will probably feel that "honor" is an appropriate word to use in the title.

"inspirational" tales about "triumph of the human spirit" are usually big turn-offs for me. the most surprising thing about men of honor is how much i enjoyed it in spite of myself. the movie is as predictable and cliched as it gets, but it works. much credit goes to the exhilarating performances by both leads. it's a perfect role for cuba gooding, jr., who's wonderfully restrained here. we have come to expect a lot from de niro, and he doesn't disappoint. he creates a darkly funny portrait. director george tillman, jr. set out to make an old-style flick and comes up with a winner.

while it certainly wasn't the best movie i've ever seen, it was certainly worth the $8 (which can't be said for many movies these days.)this was a pleasant account of a true story, although many of the details of the real story were twisted for the movie, (ie, billy sunday's character was three or four people in the real story combined together.) robert deniro was of course good, and cuba gooding, jr., was also impressive.

this film is a great example of fine storytelling. the acting is superb. the story is inspiring without being overly manipulative or fake. there were a couple points where they probably made people a tad more good or bad than they really were, but considering it is a hollywood movie, they showed amazing restraint. there wasn't a single explosion shown in the movie, even though they had one opportunity to. the film, while having suspenseful parts, was not made into an action movie. the story is thus made to focus on an extraordinary man in unfortunately ordinary times. well done!

men of honor has many great aspects to it. good action sequences, plenty of "feel good" scenes, a good musical score, but the part that really makes the movie is the great acting. mostly by robert deniro. the story of men of honor is focused about carl brashear played by cuba gooding jr. who wants to be the first african american deep sea diver in the navy. it chronicles his rough struggle from being a poor farmer to getting into diving school and even further. it is a good story, but it seems like it has been done many times before. a person, against all of the odds, won't give up until they accomplish their goals that they set for some sentimental reason many years ago. it could happen, but a lot of the struggles the brashear faces in the movie are questionable including the c.o. of the diving school tampering with his final test. however, all of that is made up for the scene when robert deniro finally enters the movie. deniro plays mater chief sunday who is the teacher at the diving school brashear is attending. as soon as deniro come in he omits this vibe of extreme arrogance that you can't hate unless you have incredible wilpower. before the movie ends, deniro gives off multiple speeches that would have you laughing at how cool he is but you are too stunned at the way he punches them out. in the end you must doubt some of the aspects of the film, but admit it, if it was all the truth, it would have you snoozing it your seat by the first twenty minutes.

i thought this move was very good. there were a few things that were less than perfect, but overall, i was quite surprised. the courtroom scene in the end seemed a little unrealistic, but was real enough to be entertaining. i found that the movie communicated the hardships of going though military training and the sacrifices that go along with it. being a military pilot i could relate to many of these parts.

men of honor features cuba gooding jr., in what is probably his best performance to date. he plays carl brashear, a man of towering courage and heroism. he's a poor dirt farmer from the south, who wants to become a navy diver- but has problems because of his race. the head of the diving school, played by robert deniro, is a racist redneck that nonetheless grows to respect brashear. the film is about how brashear has to concur the nearly insurmountable odds, not once but twice. the performances are what make this film special. gooding is great, and deniro, the best actor in movie history, gives a towering performance- his best dramatic work in years. charlize theron gives another solid performance as deniro's much younger wife. the film lays on the patriotism a little too strong (though no where near the level it was in the patriot), and a few of the characters are just one dimensionally bad (hal holbrook's mr. pappy is just so evil), but the film is a rarity among films today. it's uplifting and uncynical. a wonderful film.

as i watched this movie, and i began to see its' characters develop i could feel this would be an excellent picture. when you get that feeling, and the movie indeed fills those expectations the experience is rare. i had that very feeling throughout this movie. robert deniro and cuba gooding junior played riveting and amazingly strong parts which were both oscar worthy. the supporting cast was equally as strong creating a winning foundation for the picture to grow on. i can say without any hesitation at all, see this movie it will not disappoint.

i thought the racism and prejudice against carl brashear was grossly overdramatized for hollywood effect. i do not believe the u. s. navy was ever that overtly racist. i cannot imagine a full captain, the commanding officer, ever telling his chief to intentionally flunk anyone. certainly not at the risk of his life. and there has never been a chief petty officer as unabashedly prejudice against everybody but wasps as deniro's character. no chief as slovenly and drunken as he was played would have ever risen to master chief in the first place. cuba gooding saved an otherwise badly done movie.

although i gave a rating of "9", my expectations were higher than what the film delivered. i would have been happier had there been more deep diving since i am a diver myself, but it was supposed to portray the life of carl brashear and that's what it was about. this film made me angry in the beginning, but happy in the end.

i went to this movie at a cast and crew show cause my friend, whom is a producer on the movie invited me. forget what you have seen in the commercials, forget what you have heard, go see this film for yourself. i was more than surprised by it. in a world of the grinch, charlies angels, the 6th day, unbreakable, here comes a film that is worth your hard earned bucks! glorious scenes, wonderful cinemtrophy and a cast you want to eat with your heart. i found this to be one of this years most orchestrated powerhouse films and with reason. robert deniro deserves an oscar nod. if you could give an oscar to everyone involved as a package, this would be the film.

a classic hollywood biopic is the best sense of the genre. gooding and deniro both give spectacularly heartfelt performances in the two leads roles, and the supporting cast is uniformly excellent, with standout performances by carl lumbly and michael rapoport. the only "nit" i might pick is that theron's role was unnecessary & distracting (not her performance which was fine, it's just that the film seemed to add two unnecessary scenes to accommodate her role.)aside from that, the characterizations, dynamics, and action of the real-life story are riveting and unforgettable. the evolutions of the main characters and how what they experience evolves their beings are uniquely characterized by the performing artists. despite the movie's extreme length, the pacing stays intact throughout. the score is also terrific.us this a predictable hollywood film? you bet. so, mike leigh addicts should subtract a star, but everyone else should enjoy mightily.

i hadn't heard about brashear before i watched this. this is the story of him and the man who trained him, helping him to become the first african-american us navy diver. a tale of will-power. the plot is well-written, and develops nicely throughout. this is what it seems, the typical underdog thing, and it doesn't hold too many surprises. it's also quite hollywood, but hey, i don't know the actual man, maybe it's close to how it actually happened. nevertheless, it gets the job done, with dramatic scenes and adversity along the way, and this is inspirational for anyone who's ever heard the words "no, you can't" be spoken about their life-long dream. the acting performances are all excellent. deniro and gooding jr. both shine whenever they're on-screen. rapaport is marvelous, as well. the characters are well-written, credible and consistent. this is well-edited, and features good cinematography. the production values are high, and this does a fairly convincing job of transporting us back to the 50's. this is the only film i've seen by this director and the writer, though i may now consider looking into more they're responsible for. there is a moderate amount of strong language, otherwise no offensive material. i recommend this to anyone who finds the subject interesting, and/or fans of those who made it. 7/10

guys, you got to watch this awesome movie. at the end of this movie you will have a strong passion and profundity imbued into yourselves. the acting of the two characters, billy sunday and carl brashear deeply touches the heart from inside. this movie is about principles, dignity, patriotism and honor. you will hear chief carl brashear say, the navy has greatest tradition of all - honor - practiced thoroughly by these two characters. mere glances of these characters during the movie fills you with enthusiasm. dialogue delivery of this movie is perfect. you can't find any flaws in the dialogues. what the master chief billy says roams in and out of your mind for a long time after watching the movie. please watch this movie.

this is one of the best military films ever made. and it is great because of its focus on values. it's a great human interest story that turns on a commitment to honor, loyalty, love, and determination.gooding and deniro are superb in the lead roles. it's wonderful to see the master chief's racism evolve toward respect and love through carl brashear's determination, drive,and yes, sense of honor. the title indicates the source of their bond. i never noticed until this last time watching it how brilliant carl lumbly's portrayal of carl's father, mac brashear, was. in a way, it's a cornerstone of the film in that it's carl's memory of his father that helps carry him through hard times.i am selective about what films i purchase. this is one of those rare ones that i want on my shelf. it will be seen many times in the future, i'm sure.

i'm certainly glad that a film was made about carl brashear's amazing life story. coming as it did during the civil rights era, brashear became an inspiration for people of all minority groups not willing to settle for a status expected.brashear as played by cuba gooding, jr. leads by example in the conduct of the life he has chosen. very similar to jackie robinson who integrated baseball and made it stick by his character and conduct. as brashear, gooding knows that he does not want the sharecropper life that his father carl lumbly has and lumbly makes it real clear to get more out of life than he's gotten.but while harry truman integrated the armed services after world war ii, the navy still has its restrictions. a black man can only be a cook or an officer's valet, the real fighting parts are denied him. that's not good enough for gooding who applies to become a navy deep sea diver.once at the diving school at bayonne, new jersey, gooding gets it all thrown at him, mostly by the master chief petty officer in charge, robert deniro. deniro may have some leftover prejudices, but he's nevertheless a hero and one who can inspire if one can get passed racial divide.the best thing about men of honor is the chemistry between deniro and gooding. they certainly come from different places, but as they get to know each other, both turn out to be men of honor.other good performances to note are charlize theron as deniro's wife and hal holbrook as the head of the diving school, a guy the navy just wish would retire for reasons you'll see.men of honor is an inspiring story about people with courage to spare and the ability to change.

robert de niro, cuba gooding jr., hal holbrook, and all the rest of the actors and actresses in "men of honour" have combined to make this a fine movie. mark isham wrote the filmscore, so you know the music is truly fine, too.but: after noticing a slew of goofs, loopholes, and over-dramatic heart-string pluckings right from the start, i had to make a vow to ignore them and sit back to enjoy the film. if you can do that, it _really_is_ good.the story of carl brashear, a true-to-life hero, is inspirational enough to last a lifetime. look him up on the internet... the entire story is more amazing than the film, as the director admitted in his comments. there were only three african-american u.s. navy divers in world war ii. however, none reached the status of u.s. navy master diver. carl brashear was the first african-american u.s. navy master diver. and he was the first amputee diver to ever be certified or recertified as a u.s. navy diver. (resounding applause).on the negative side of the movie's ledger: should i tell you of only one of the many "loopholes"? yeah, i'll mark this comment as containing "spoilers" and do so... the early, pivotal scene where the helicopter hits the radio mast and sinks into the sea: they'd never have had the time to suit up a full mark v diver, even if he were the legendary master chief billy sunday, in time to be only "... a couple of minutes late" saving the pilot.so, for loopholes, goofs, and over-dramatization, i derated "men of honor" from a perfect 10 down to a 7.will hollywood ever realize that the unalloyed truth is so much better that their over-dramatic approach to story-telling? i doubt it. too bad!

i was curious to know how critics responded to this rousing, inspiring film, so i went to rotten tomatoes and was dismayed to discover that the pompous peanut gallery that is our nation's film critics had given the film an average 43% (or "rotten") rating.all i can say is, if this movie doesn't move you, you have no heart. (it's interesting to note that the same film on the same website got a 74% rating from viewers).not that the opinion of critics is all that important to me. after all, i can't think of a more useless, overpaid profession. some schmo gets paid to go to the movies (what a tough life) and does the same thing everyone else on the planet does: forms an opinion. but these chumps have a way of coming across like their opinion somehow matters more than yours, and even worse, they love to hate.i'll grant you that this movie is old fashioned (well, except for the f-bombs), syrupy, and a little predictable... after all, you know right from the beginning that cuba gooding jr., portraying real-life navy hero carl brashear, is going to triumph (eventually) at every turn simply by the way he comes across: determined and plucky; strong-willed and optimistic.but his performance and that of de niro (as billy sunday, a composite character of several real-life people) are so strong, so inspiring, that you'll be on your feet cheering many of the film's scenes, especially the courtroom climax. you'd have to be a real stick in the mud not to be moved by these scenes. like our nation's film critics. michael rappaport is excellent as well as a sweet-natured, stuttering diving student that befriends gooding's brashear. if anyone has seen "higher learning", this character totally redeems that character.anyway, this confirms what i've always felt: don't listen to critics. see this movie and get inspired.

tillman jr.'s drama about the first african american navy master diver (gooding jr.), who defies all odds and achieves his goals despite a strict embittered trainer. the screenplay is not bad, a bit extreme at times, but the direction and acting is first-rate, and this film is inspiring and achieves what its supposed to do. i liked deniro in the lead, although its not on par with his masterful works (taxi driver, godfather and all the others) it is as good as his other good performances such as in king of comedy or angel heart. deniro is always convincing and believable here, very good performance, gooding jr. is not bad, definitely one of his better performances. --- imdb rating: 6.6, my rating: 9/10

men of honor stars cuba gooding jr., as real life navy diver carl brashear who defied a man's navy to become the first african american navy diver. sometimes by his side and sometimes his adversary there was one man who carl brashear really admired. his name was master chief billy sunday (robert deniro). sunday in a lot of ways pushed, aggravated and helped carl become the man he wanted to be. i loved cuba in this film. his portrayal here is as liberating and as powerful as denzel washington was in the hurricane. through every scene we can see his passion, motivation and stubbornness to achieve his dream. we can see the struggle within in him as he embarks to make his father proud. i also loved how the director created and brought forth a lot of tension in some of the key diving scenes. brashear's encounter with a submarine during a salvage mission is heart-stopping and brilliant. the only fault i could see would have to lie in the supporting cast. cuba and deniro's characters are very intricate and exciting to watch. which does make you a little sad when they have to butt heads with such two-dimensional supporting characters. the evil lt. cmdr. hanks, sunday's wife (charlize theron), the eccentric diving school colonel (hal holbrook) and cuba's love interest are the characters i found to not have very much depth. what could have made these characters more substantial and more effective was a little more time to develop them. why was that colonel always in his tower? how come sunday's wife was so bitter and always drunk?another curious question has to be this. what happened to carl brashear's wedding? i mean if this film is chronicling this man's life wouldn't his wedding be an important event? maybe it's just me. men of honor, however, is a perfect example of the triumph and faith that the human spirit envelops. this film will inspire and make you feel for this man's struggle. which i do believe was the reason this powerful story was told. my hat goes off to you carl brashear. i really admire your strength.

the inspiring story of carl brashear (cuba gooding, jr.), a black man who grew up in poverty in kentucky and then joined the us navy, aspiring to be the first black master diver in navy history. we are shown the series of struggles from boyhood on that brashear has to overcome to make his dream come true (and then to keep it alive.) not the least of the challenges was master diver bill sunday (robert deniro), the head trainer at the diving school the navy sends brashear to, who is not especially sympathetic to brashear's goals, but who ultimately becomes an unlikely friend and supporter.this is a good movie; fast paced and with a lot of action, although not an "action" pic in the normal sense of the word. there's a very human story here as well, and an interesting study of racism and the struggle to overcome it; there's also a sense of the struggle that took place in the 1960's between older and younger naval officers (the "old navy" vs the "new navy.") the performances are quite good - particularly goodings'. i thought deniro was perhaps a bit over the top in his portrayal of sunday (although, who knows, sunday might well have been this extreme kind of loose cannon) and the portrayal of sunday's wife gwen (by charlize theron) also made me question whether these parts were "jazzed up" to provide entertainment value.a good movie, though. i never once wondered if it was worth tuning into.7/10

i loved this movie. it is a definite inspirational movie. it fills you with pride. this movie is worth the rental or worth buying. it should be in everyones home. best movie i have seen in a long time. it will make you mad because everyone is so mean to carl brashear, but in the end it gets better. it is a story of romance, drama, action, and plenty of funny lines to keep you tuned in. i love a lot of the quotes. i use them all the time. they help keep me on task of what i want to do. it shows that anyone can achieve their dreams, all they have to do is work for it. it is a long movie, but every time i watch it, i never notice that it is as long as it is. i get so engrossed in it, that it goes so quick. i love this movie. i watch it whenever i can.

this film is an excellent military movie. it may not be an excellent hollywood movie, but that does not matter. hollywood has a reputation of sacrificing accuracy for good entertainment, but that is not the case with this movie. other reviewers have found this movie to be too slow for their taste, but – as a retired soldier – i appreciate the pace the movie crew deliberately took to tell their story as completely as possible given the two hours and nine minutes allotted. the story itself has been told and retold several times over, but it remains for a professional soldier – and an african american at that – to report on the story as presented by the movie crew, and as it presents the us navy to the world. the story of brashear's work to become a navy diver, and his life as a navy diver beyond his graduation, is not the only story that is presented. there i also the story of how master chief petty officer sunday defied the illegal order of his commanding officer that petty officer 2nd class brashear not be passed in his test dive no matter how well he did, and paid the price of a loss of one stripe and a change of assignment. it also told the true story how brashear found the third hydrogen bombs lost in the atlantic ocean off the coast of spain in the 1950's, and how he saved the life of another seaman who was in the line of the snapped running line that would have snapped him in two if brashear had not shoved him out of the way and took the shot himself. this was a complex story that was worth telling, and i will admit that two hours and nine minutes was not enough to tell the full story, and i can tell from the deleted scenes on the dvd that the crew tried their best to tell a story as full as possible. as a professional soldier, i was proud to see such a great story told in such a comprehensive manner, and to see the traditions and honor of the navy preserved in such a natural and full manner.

this one is a great one! robert de niro and cuba gooding have teamed up to make a powerful and very influential film. this is the true story of the first black us navy diver and the obstacles he faced in attaining his certification at the hands of a racist master diver. along the way, he must also face plain old bigotry from all of his classmates, none of whom want him in their class. they move out of the barracks when he arrives. ultimately, he becomes certified and goes on to have a great career as a us navy diver. watch this one! it's a great tale of courage and honor. as the story unfolds, we get to watch racism slowly dissipate and everyone begins to respect men one at a time.

"men of honor" - true story about a proud and persistent black navy diver (fabulous cuba gooding jr.) is definitely a great movie that both touches and entertains and it's part of the absolute cream of the new millennium cinema. wonderful acting is the main reason to make this movie something truly special and pretty enjoyable, splendid experience. charismatic robert de niro is marvelous as rough, fierce and pitiless chief billy sunday - role is practically written for him. this film alongside with fantastic "15 minutes" (2001) are two of the latest proofs that he's still one of the very finest actors of our time. on the other hand "men of honor" includes a fine performance from cuba gooding jr. who has been one of the most promising young black actors since "boyz n the hood". "men of honor" goes straight into the company of "jerry maguire", "as good as it gets" and "instinct". cuba gooding jr. is a skillful and fantastic actor and i'm prepared to get lots of more terrific movies from him. "men of honor" has also quite an excellent story-line and probably the most exciting diving sequences of the movie history. this is a great, fascinating movie and i can only recommend it.

military training films are becoming so common that they are becoming a genre unto themselves. among the more prominent we have, `officer and a gentleman', `top gun', `gi jane', and now `men of honor'. the fact that this one happened to be true doesn't change the fact that the formula is the same. this film is probably most like `gi jane' since it focuses on the desegregation angle.the story is actually quite inspirational and is probably the best human-interest story among those mentioned above. carl brashear (cuba gooding, jr.) is unquestionably a man of great courage and principle, and his strength of character shines through brightly in this film. unfortunately, director george tillman has tunnel vision in presenting the characters and eschews character development of various characters other than brashear in favor of showing brashear in a constant state of adversity. billy sunday (robert de niro) is a central figure, and except for the initial scene, the fistfight and a couple of scenes with his wife, we don't know much about him. for instance, brashear sees the scars on sunday's palms and we are to assume that he worked a plow, but there is no follow-up on that point. mr. pappy (hal holbrook) gets only one short scene by which we can judge him. the rest of his screen time shows him pacing around and ranting. if a director is going to make a human-interest story, he needs to humanize the characters.cuba gooding jr. gives an outstanding performance as brashear. this is probably the best i've seen him. this is a role and a character that is far more complete than any part he has played before, and he rises to the occasion. in `jerry maguire', rod tidwell was a fascinating, but one-dimensional character with the depth of a rain puddle. brashear is much more complex and grounded, and the issues he faces are life crises, making the part far more challenging. this is an excellent recovery from gooding's last role in `chill factor', a film so dreadful that it was almost an act of professional suicide to take the part.after a stint trying his hand as a comedian (`analyze this', `the adventures of rocky & bullwinkle', `meet the parents'), robert deniro is back to his dramatic roots with an outstanding performance. deniro isn't a bad comedian, he is just such a great dramatic actor that it seems like he shouldn't waste his time doing comedy. deniro endows billy sunday with a rock hard personality belying a tortured soul. it is a pleasure watching him work. it seems every film i watch lately has charlize theron in it. i saw `the legend of bagger vance', `men of honor' and `the yards' right in a row and i was beginning to wonder if she had a part in every film in 2000 (actually, she only did five). this was a minor role for theron, but she carried it off well and managed to stay with deniro step for step. david keith, who co-starred with richard gere in `officer and a gentleman', has a cameo herethe dvd has some interesting special features, including reflections by the real carl brashear and some deleted scenes.i enjoyed this film despite the hackneyed plot and the one-dimensional presentation. i rated it a 7/10. i'm a sucker for underdog stories and i have a fondness for stories where strength of character is the central theme. this film is particularly strong in both areas and brings us two memorable acting performances that compensate for some of the director's shortcomings.

the documentary begins with setting the perspective to several light years. the voyager is traveling our milky-way with the sounds of our earthly lives, as a space monument for (possible?) extraterrestrials. the documentary contains footage of willy dixen, robert johnson, skip james and j.b. lenoir. the footage of j.b. has never been published before. the narrative is from 'blind willie' dixon. however, it's done by an actor. the film shows the work of all these early blues men followed by covers and interpretations by musicians, such as nick cave and the bad seeds among others. the death of j.b. lenoir (john mayall's song) is a striking event in the story. lenoir got political engaged and is considered to be of the league of martin luther king and peers. his political interests can be found in the themes of his lyrics. blues is found to be 'the' native music of america. blues is the roots and the rest is the fruits.the title 'soul of a man' is after a willie dixon song.

i saw this documentary at the cannes film festival, in a small 200-seat cinema at the top of the main building at the cannes film festival.i absolutely was into it. i love the mix of awesomely made fictional scenes. it is amazing set-design. the scenes look really like they were filmed in 1920ies or 1930ies.and the music is so nice.i rate this experience 9/10.* spoilers ahead *the documentary tells about awesome blues-men, with black-and-white old-looking scenes of the black man playing the guitar and singing. it is really amazing. but this also mixes in new bands and that is maybe one thing i might dislike in this documentary. it is the too abundant use of links to modern rock-bands playing those blues songs in a modern way. i didn't really appreciate their trashed way of playing such awesome blues songs. this is the same kind of un-perfect musical taste i found when watching wim wenders buena vista social club.the documentary was such a standing-ovation at this first screening in the little cinema, that the next day this documentary was shown for everyone and normal tourists on the beach of the croisette at the open-air cinema. though the sand, the quality of the projection and the bad quality of the sound probably made it a difficult experience to enjoy for the thousands of people who were sitting in the sand that night.

mahatma gandhi, the father of the nation in his quest for india's freedom struggle ignored his own family and son, this movie is about his son hiralal who feels neglected because of mahatma gandhi's service to the society. the movie starts off in south africa where mahatma gandhi works as a barrister and fighting the cause of india's freedom against the british. hirarala arrives in south africa to help his dad who is a barrister, since gandhi was involved in the freedom struggle, he wanted his wife and children to join in too as a service to the society and as a result hirarlal does not get a chance to complete his education and fails his exams, he gets married to his love gulab (bhoomika chawla) against his father's wishes. hiralal has ambitions to travel to england and become a barrister just like his dad but his own dad refuses to grant him a scholarship offered to his family by a businessman and instead gives it away to another person saying that the scholarship should not be limited to his family and should be open to the most deserving student living in colony. this angers hiralal and the rift between father and son increases, hirarlal hates his father for neglecting him and blames him for being uneducated and unemployed. hiralal struggles to make ends meet and lands up on the streets through failed business attempts and in huge debt, he loses his wife and children. akshaye khanna has give a stellar performance as hiralal gandhi.. all kudos to him, the direction and the script is fantastic, the picturization is excellent. overall an excellent movie and a must see. i give it a 10/10

gandhi my father is like viewing a book, chapter by chapter you read it(with your eyes) and you learn more about harilal gandhi and for that matter kasturba gandhi. so little is known about both of them and this movie describes them uniquely. the title misleads though, its as much a movie about mohandas karamchand gandhi and his son, as its about harilal and his mother. and akshaye khanna and shefali chayya do full justice to their respective roles.such movies are like leap years. they come after only so much time.gandhi my father, is also about an internal struggle, which is sometimes more difficult than any freedom struggle ever undertaken.watch it, if you like quality cinema.

i just came back from the late-night cinema and it was indeed a silent way out as most of the audience pondered though the real-life black & white images of the partition,the freedom movement,etc which was very much reminiscent of the lives' our forefathers faced! amidst this backdrop,mind you,there was no tel/fax/internet in those times but for the very voice of truth & non-violence, the cinematography infused some spirit of stark reality of adversity amidst the strict raj.gandhi shown as a hardworking attorney in south africa,who stood for his basic ideologies and gave every degree of conviction to spread awareness of the same with humility and sainthood which to the uttered speech of general smut was shown as a nice farewell on screen.it had the best drafted speech with a subtle humour & a veiled threat to the british raj in india!there was a nice remark when he said we pray in silence to the british in india now that gandhi,the politician is set for india(towards sainthood).the very backdrop of a big family with many kids needs the mention of an obvious divided attention and love which had to cast it's spell on the unfortunate kid's psyche who was left alone to aspire for unrealistic ambitions.little did harilal knew about his aptitude and he gets emotionally carried away with small pleasures in life and fails in front of the huge idol of his father.he tries to do away from mentor-ship which is the basis of any success which had to be seen by those fortunate neighbours in the streets of gandhi's residence when harilal vents out his frustration in open.this means he becomes mentally weak and gets psychologically deranged to an extent that he is forced into religious conversions and alcoholism ,with debt and dis-obedience fuelling his negative thoughts.he still had shown the sincere love for his mother through touchy scenes and even gandhi's humble expressions form harilal to forgive him didn't meet any conclusions in his mind as he always feared the father,gandhi.he couldn't digest the fact that gandhi couldn't share his love with him as he expected & was driven to rebellion when he couldn't understand the equal-merit based delivery of scholarship money by his father to his cousin where he saw a failed opportunity to study for barrister in england.this had to take it's toll in him thrown to the streets as a beggar when the whole of india was celebrating the indepedence!the life of a destitute never changes come what may but the manner in which the sad death of kasturba & gandhi himself is shown brings in an emotional silence.finally the last turbulent thoughts of the dying harilal is shown as a flashback to keep the audience gripping and wondering where did the father of the nation go wrong? was he clever enough to be mentally strong to lead an-one man army & use his brave soldier-son as a weapon to show to the british & rival forces that when it comes to the interest of the nation,nothing comes in between.sadly though that to read a mahatma's heart one has to live outside his family and see which the emotionally naive harilal couldn't see living inside....a pity that such naive harilal's are still ruining the efforts of many mahatma-like fathers in many families in todays' life and have taken to drugs,alcoholism and god knows what thoughts!!here's a message to all those brave sainik(soldier)-sons please respect the father of the nation!please obey and happiness shall be bestowed or else it's a disaster in waiting,isn't it?

it was easy for sir richard attenborough to make gandhi (1982)—he was merely narrating a story of a great individual who walked on this planet not so long ago. comparatively, it must have been a lot tougher for director feroz abbas khan making his debut as a filmmaker to make gandhi my father, pitting a shriveled anti-hero against an international hero, both of whom were historically real individuals, and ironically father and son. the events in the film are mostly real. mahatma gandhi lived as shown in the film, setting high moral standards for the world to follow. yet these very standards overshadowed the aspirations of his eldest son harilal to be a lawyer of repute like his father, to complete his education and get a job in india and thus provide income for his nuclear family.the film does not debunk gandhi and his ideals. for gandhi, his mission was larger than his family's aspirations. he loved his family and cared for them, though his thoughts for their appeasement were blinkered by his ideal of caring for the masses. he stood for equality and dignity among all persons and in his view to give special undue advantages to his own son overlooking other deserving persons went against the basis of what he preached. the film looks at an unusual case of parenting—where an idealist parent places receding goalposts for a less-than-brilliant offspring. the film presents an unusual scenario that happened. a son marries his childhood sweetheart, upsetting his father. the father upsets his son's educational aspirations at several key junctures. the fragile link between a devoted son and a father breaks, as the son wants to stand on his own feet and care for his nuclear family. while the father gradually becomes the father of a nation, the son stumbles in valiant quest for identity and survival. his marriage breaks and seeks solace in religion, buffeting between islam and hinduism. through all his tribulations his link to his mother remains, until she chides him for being drunk.feroz khan is essentially a director of plays making his foray into cinema. he wrote and directed the play mahatma vs. gandhi that had considerable impact on the indian theater community. the play and the consequent film were based on two biographies, one by chandulal dalal and another by nilamben parekh, the success of the staged play was an evident reason for the commercial bollywood actor anil kapoor to produce this noteworthy film. every time a good director of plays attempts to direct cinema there is an evidence of a lack of confidence with the medium. peter brook is a great director of plays, but less competent as a film director. the opening shots of khan's film promises great cinema—a derelict harilal gandhi is brought to sion hospital, bombay (mumbai) barely mumbling that his father is bapu (the popular name of mahatma gandhi), father to an entire nation. the hospital authorities do not recognize him to be mahatma gandhi's eldest son, dying in poverty and loneliness. apart from the dramatic opening, the film unfortunately merely presents a great story and some superb exterior shots of father and son meditating in silhouette. for an indian film it does present some high production qualities that go hand in hand with a lack of interest for details (the clothes of most indians in the film seem dust-free and freshly laundered, modern hairstyles of actors, and even shefali shetty playing mohandas gandhi's wife a century ago with plucked eyebrows), the bane of indian cinema. since feroz khan is a theater personality, he has invested much more effort in working with the actors in developing the characters rather than on cinematic details, somewhat like sir attenborough another person who is also a product of theater (royal academy of dramatic arts).knowing quite well that to criticize gandhi in any manner was asking for trouble, even when there was no direct criticism in the film, producer anil kapoor took a remarkable decision of not putting up posters of the film at accessible heights in india, fearing that some one could tear the poster or disrespect it intentionally or unintentionally. with all its mix of greatness and faults, gandhi, my father throws several questions at the viewer. is a mother-son bonding stronger than a father-son bonding in parenting? is one's immediate family less important than humanity at large? does one seek refuge in religion and alcohol only when worldly troubles are encountered? in this film, harilal buffeted by adversities runs from one religion to another, while his father quotes scriptures "forgive them for they know not what they do" when beaten and thrown on the ground by a south african policeman, convinced of the value of religion and convincing others as well.the film won the best actress award at the tokyo international film festival for shefali shetty (shah) and an indian award from critics. feroze khan and anil kapoor have handled a sensitive subject very well and elicited above-average performances from the ensemble of actors. i do hope the international success of the film paves the way for some able director to film another brilliant indian play girish karnad's tughlaq some day meeting international quality standards.

i would not like to comment on how good the movie was or what were the flaws as i am not a professional film critic and i do not have enough knowledge of making movies. what i do know is that making this kind of a movie in your very first shot is a big achievement and i would like to congratulate the director for that. however, in some reviews, that i have read, critics have complained that hiralal's relationship with his brothers was not highlighted, and his siblings were completely erased from the story. now i would really like to raise a point here that as the name of the movie suggests, it is not a movie about hiralal's brothers, it is a movie on the relationship of mahatma gandhi and his son hiralal gandhi, nothing more nothing less. if we start complaining about some characters being kept out of action in the movie, it would be a bit unfair because these characters don't fit in the picture, no matter how relevant they were in real life. so i think it would be better if we stick to the main idea and stop satisfy a critic in ourselves.enjoy!!!!

gandhi, the great :greatness in the world is associated with people like alexanader the great, ashoka the great for their greatness lied in being glorified as more than humans. gandhi is called great for actually not being a great but being more human, for i always believe bringing out the humanity in us is where the greatness of being human lies.gandhi was a human with humanity and one who strived for humanity ready to sacrifice himself in the battle for humanity but not his enemies. let me move to the movie review now.about gandhi my father :gandhi my father is a film not about gandhi but about his son harilal gandhi.on telling the story of a son whose father was one of the greatest humans to walk this earth, the director succeeds in portraying the tale.the film succeeds in telling the story of a mislead son of a father who lead a nation to greatness.the movie is termed as a criticism of gandhi's failure as a father to his son, i would rather say it is of a sacrifice gandhi had made as a father of a son to do justice as a father of a nation.i wish the essence of this movie prevails not just in india, the gandhian land, but through the hearts of all the people of this world.gandhi the true human. jaihind.

i saw the movie and really could not stop my tears. its tragedy that india has no such leaders after freedom, who dare to do justice with their own children, when they don't behave properly.. in current generation, politicians bring their children's into politics without measuring their caliber and skills.. i remember the dialogue from gandhi 'what kind of society we want to create/make with such people (about harilal)?' no wonder that it will be a dream that india will hardly have such leader in this or next generation.. einstein was right when he said about gandhi that 'after 50 years one would hardly believe that such person with body, soul and mind (mahatma gandhi) had ever lived on this earth.' i sincerely want to thanks a lot to anil kapoor, feroze khan and all film actors/actresses for this wonderful movie about great person and relationship with his son. all father and son should watch this movie once and take some lessons for both roles.

keeping all political views aside, feroz khan and anil kapoor's 'gandhi, my father' is a good movie that cleverly explores the confused-towards-family side of mohandas karamchand gandhi, and the fight of his eldest son harilal gandhi with the society, his larger-than-life father, and most importantly demons in his head. one draws parallels to gandhi the father of the nation and struggles any son could have with their fatherthe acting is good. shefali shetty, darshan zariwala and akshaye khanna-strictly in that order- add color and pathos to this heart wrenching tale of harilal who weeps to be hugged just once and also runs away at the faintest touch of the finger.feroz khan's direction and the production canvas is lavish and attractive, however, the screenplay could've been tighter. i had seen the play some years ago on a pirated video type dvd (it was called mahatama vs gandhi, i think) and it was certainly more gripping. though, the movie's background score and the father-son and mother-son moments are just a brilliant treat.this movie could have been great. it's borderline to that. it has the potential so huge to have been just a story differences between a father and son or just gandhi or even both. somewhere, the plot is lost and when you expect absolute epitome of emotions, nothing comes to you.it compares decently to other gandhi's. certainly not an overview film like kingsley's gandhi,or abstract as kamal hassan's hey ram. the film just about manages to find its footing; however, one is left wondering "what if..." worth a watch. 7.5/10

the movie took a new angle to gandhi's life, which is nice to see and it shows how human he was. his relationship with harilal is something that gandhi was troubled by and mentioned it several times as his failure as a father in his autobiography.my big gripe is that i thought gandhi was surprisingly uncharismatic in the movie. it could have been better acted by the person who played gandhi. some of gandhi's statements seemed too smug and it seemed as if he was intentionally portrayed in a negative light in some parts of the movie.the movie is not really all-rounded, but focused only narrowly on the relationship of the father and son. the rest is blurred out and only used to show the time frame and the general setting of the movie.overall nice movie if you keep in mind that it is not a complete picture.

it is one of the better indian movies i have seen lately, instead of crappy song and dance or slum dog movies. all the actors have showed the right emotions at the right intensity with right timing. it is the hallmark of a good movie, that it make the viewer go back and research the subject, which exactly what i did checking on harilal. i always enjoy akshay khanna's subtle style of acting and interestingly he had rather a complicated relationship with his own father vinod khanna, albeit not as dramatic as gandhis and wonder how it helped him essay this character. i was impressed by the direction and 2 thumbs up for anil kapoor for producing such a classy movie.

this movie is simply awesome.it was a very sensitive issue and movie was superb.this movie did not create any controversy in india (as far as i know) and its publicity was also kept low.initially i thought that this movie would simply be a waste of time since most of the indian directors and producers used to change the theme even though its very sensitive and adds a love story in original story and spoils the whole thing...most of the indian viewers would agree on this topic if they remember ashoka, mangal pandey,loc etc..there have been so many movies in india which would have become milestone or mega hits if the love story part would not be unnecessarily added.but its treatment is pretty similar to pinjar movie (also a must watch).if it counts then i would like to thank anil kapoor ( producer ) and firoz abbas khan ( the director) for making such a great movie..

feroz abbas khan's gandhi my father, a film that sheds light on the fractured relationship between the mahatma and his son harilal gandhi. for a story that's as dramatic as the one this film attempts to tell, it's a pity the director fails to tell it dramatically. gandhi my father is narrated to you like that boring history lesson that put you to sleep at school. now the film aims to convey one very interesting point - the fact that gandhi in his attempt to be a fair person, ended up being an unfair father. this point is made in the film many times over, and one of the examples given to make this point is that scholarship to england, which gandhi twice denies his son. instead of showing us how exactly harilal dealt with this betrayal and what went on in his head, the director just moves along with the story, thus never letting us be witness to the growing resentment harilal feels towards his father. which is why when we finally see an outburst from harilal, it comes off looking like he's over-reacting. the point i'm trying to make here is that we never really get to understand exactly why harilal became the rebel that he did. we never really understand why he turned to islam, and then back again to hinduism. the thing is, we never really understand harilal at all. and that's because the director of this film is too busy focusing on mohandas karamchand gandhi and his role in the freedom struggle, a story most of us are already familiar with. to put it simply, gandhi my father promises to examine the strained father-son relationship, but it doesn't so much as show us where the cracks in this relationship first set in. we understand harilal had to live with the burden of being gandhi's son, but show us why that was a burden to begin with. show us incidents of their early conflict. for example, it's not enough that gandhi merely says he's opposed to harilal's early marriage, tell us why this opposition? it's not enough that kasturba blames her husband for the way her son turned out - for constantly shuttling him between schools in gujarat and south africa, for making him relocate every time gandhi needed to relocate. words are not enough, show us how these incidents shaped the character of harilal gandhi.what's more, instead of sticking with the prickly theme of this tenuous gandhi versus gandhi relationship, the film goes off on too many tangents, thus diluting the impact of the central theme. this was never meant to be a film about the struggle for independence, and yet on many occasions that's exactly what it seems like, because the director feels almost obligated to take us through all the main events leading upto that historic moment, even though much of it has no relevance to the film's basic premise - the stormy father-son relationship. so you see the problem with this film is not that it's a bad film, but it's certainly a very confused film. what happens to harilal's children after his wife's death? does he ever have relationship with them? where do they suddenly vanish after that one scene in which we see them with the mahatma and kasturba? none of these questions are answered in a film that's basically meant to be about relationships in the gandhi family. the film version of an immensely popular play directed by feroz abbas khan himself, gandhi my father is a disappointment, no questions asked.cinematically, it struggles to translate the filmmaker's ambitious intention to the screen. practically every single scene in the film opens and closes with fade-ins and fade-outs, never quite seamlessly leading into each other. on the positive side, there is inherent nobility in the film, which you recognise. the filmmaker makes every effort to deliver a balanced narrative, trying hard not to take sides, never once judging either father or son, painting neither as the villain. what the film does do, however, is make clear the fact that gandhi was a difficult patriarch whose ideals may have shaped the nation, but evidently alienated his family. of all the actors in the film it's only akshaye khanna who really shines in the role of the luck-deprived harilal gandhi. it's a wonderful performance, and it's not easy since the role covers virtually the entire lifespan of the character. but akshaye brings a rare concoction of innocence and despondency to that part and succeeds in making harilal a pitiable figure. just watch him in that scene in which he discovers his wife's dead, and you'll realise how much he conveys through body language alone. darshan jariwala, meanwhile, who plays gandhi senior, adopts a caricaturish approach to playing the mahatma in his later years, but it's the way he humanises the man in his early years as a barrister in south africa that is the actor's best contribution to that role. the abundantly gifted shefali shah plays kasturba, the woman who's meant to be torn in this father-son conflict, but if she's unable to bring across that feeling of helplessness then it's really not so much her fault as it is the fault of a rickety script. much effort's gone into the making of this film and that's evident throughout, but the film suffers from that inevitable flaw that is eventually what you'll remember about it when you leave the cinema - it's just so boring.director feroz abbas khan's gandhi my father is a sincere effort yes, but also a film that could have done with a much tighter screenplay. what we learn from the film is that gandhi and harilal made each other very unhappy. and with this film, the director makes us too.

mahatma has been depicted as a man who neglected his own son in this movie. don't get me wrong i am not condemning the movie; it is such a wonderful movie and walked out of the cinema with a lump in my throat. we need to understand mahatma's spiritual standing, he is a true spiritual leader. only a fully enlightened man could possibly detach himself from his loved ones. a man with such caliber leads his family and followers by example. according to the movie, he spoke to his son and try to make him understand where he is coming from, but poor harilall with so little intellect could not understand his father. when things went wrong with harilall, mahatma could remain calm and accepted that his son is a big tragedy. had it been any other parents, they would have compromised their values to assist the son to get on his feet. mahatma didn't do that, he is true leader who leads by example.

it takes guts to make a movie on gandhi in india ,in which he is not shown as a man who could do no wrong.this movie shows how a mahatma failed to be a decent father(at least in the eyes of his son). the performances are terrific ,the cinematography fantastic, the direction fabulous,but the film drags.if the intention was to make this movie without any box-office expectations,which i assume is the case here,then its a brilliant attempt,but if the makers were expecting this to be a commercial success,then the film's fate was doomed the day they chose this subject..20 yrs from now,this movie will be remembered for the brilliant portrayal of harilal by akshaye khanna.he deserves an oscar nomination for this one..and honestly,his is not the only performance worth applauding, shefali chhaya is terrific too..watch the scene where harilal hears about his father's death.no dialogues,no screaming,but a speechless shot by khanna.its one of the finest scenes ever shot in the history of cinemagandhi,my father is not at all exciting cinema but yes,its excellent cinema and a must watch.brilliant attempt..

"gandhi as a husband and father?" has always been discussed by people in india. 'gandhi...my father' is a story that only a few would have known to such details. surely an insight into gandhi's personal life.overall, i liked the movie for story and cinematography. jariwala, akshay khanna, and shefali shah have all done a good job. most scenes of the movie would be nice desktop wallpapers...commendable job. traditional indian folk music as background score during certain parts of the movie gives a good feel of the happenings.however, what i didn't quite like was the narration style. at several points, i found the tone over-dramatized.overall, good work by anil kapoor productions. i would recommend it as "must-watch-once". 8/10

from very long, we are seeing movies on gandhi. and mostly, the light is always on portrayal of gandhi as freedom fighter or man with principles. but when i heard that a movie is being made which will highlight gandhi as father and stress on his relationship with his son, it instantly hit my attention as this is one territory which is least being explored as it has his own dark side and less people shown courage to dwell into it. fortunetly, anil kapoor (producer) and feroz abbad khan (director) did.the story start with gandhi working in south africa and his relationship with white people and his wife. latter akshay (harilal) joined his father for becoming a barrister but his dream took overturn when his father (gandhi) pushed (or motivate) him to become freedom fighter. it showcase that gandhi believes more on practical study rather then formal education. harilal too try to walk on his father footstep but soon failed as its infatuation towards his wife, children and his own dream of becoming big success altered his path and then start the repulsion between son and father. he finally defeated his father in terms of pursuing his dream and to left him on his own terms. he written back to india but then start his unsuccessful stories which become bigger and bigger with time. i am leaving reader to see movie to catch further story...performance. first akshay. he has given best performance of his tenure so far and is absolutely convincing in his portrayal as harilal gandhi. the scene in which he reach the room where his wife dead body is placed is one where you can see a fine actor which is hidden/developing in akshay. darshan jariwala is also good as mk gandhi and able to live up such a larger then life character. he performed well and with quite an ease. shefali chaya (now shah) as kasturba is brilliant actress and already proved her metal in tv serials. bhumika chawla too performed well but actress of her candidature is waste in these kinds of role. other actor have also justifies their performances.technique and make up is also good and cinematography especially that duo tone color picturisation was too good. costume looks and match with context.overall, a worth seeing movie which is defiantly slow in progress and impatient people may find it boring but give you an insight of area which is not brought to silver screen till date. also, the way story progress and connection of scene may look worn to some people and to critics especially but for an average movie watcher like me, it still enough to make me occupied on my seat till end.

gandhi my father is a well made movie. it nicely portrays the life of gandhiji's eldest son harilal. his character, his differences with his father, his love for his family, his desire to stand on his own, his failure, his ego.. akshaye khanna completely justifies the role of harilal. just not him, everyone did well in the roles they played. darshan jariwala is the best on-screen gandhiji i've ever seen. but i will cut three points as there were few shortcomings.first, movie was fifteen-twenty minutes longer than it should have. second, the movie needed more research into harilal's character. somewhere, the character looked incomplete. also, his relation with his brothers was not shown. there was no mention of any other child of gandhiji in the whole movie. i believe the character like harilal should be having at least some differences his brothers as well, considering the egoist nature of harilal.anyways, despite some shortcomings, i liked the movie. recommended...

this movie is about a dysfunctinal family but not just any dysfunctional family. it is about the family of the father of our nation (india) although, the film focuses mainly on the estranged relationship between mahatma gandhi and his eldest son harilal gandhi. it shows how the mahatma had to kill m.k. gandhi, how he had to sacrifice his family life in order to achieve our freedom. every time mohandas karamchand gandhi and his son would try to get close the mahatma would come between them. this is a beautifully done film. akshaye khanna has proved himself to be a top actor. he expressed emotions very naturally. darshan jariwala who mainly stars in plays-gurukant desai's lawyer in guru has portrayed gandhi wonderfully.(as a real human being, unlike ben kingsley who made him look like a god) shefali shah the girl from monsoon wedding has also done a really good job of showing how kasturba gandhi was torn between father and son. this movie is touching and so is its soundtrack "raghupati raghava" sung in a very unique manner. i saw this movie just 3 hours ago(it released in dubai a day earlier-on the 2nd) and when the movie was over there was "pin drop silence" and while exiting out of the theatre not one person pushed another( can you imagine us indians not pushing ?) not one ! there was a sacred silence...

an ok movie about downs syndrome. a mother has twins one is very sick the other is good but he has downs. the mother does not think she can raise him so she gives him to some people who have 15 kids 11 have downs! the mom does not like this & she thinks he should be with his family ( i agree too ) so they take it to court & the family gets broken up & the grandparents lose, it never really says if the mom & daughter makeup? i think this movie's good but the plot is familiar, it's still good & has a few unintentional laughs!

hello everyone, this is my first time posting and i just love the movie no child of mine and i could watch it over and over!! well i taped it a long time ago like a few years ago and i dropped it and broke it and i haven't seen it in a few years!! could any one please tell me when it will come on again!! i would really appreciate it alot!!you can email me if you want to cause that is my favorite movie of all including empty cradle to and if anyone knows when that comes on to please let me know,i would really appreciate it alot!!!

while i don't agree with bob's and tammy's decision to give up baby jesse, and it's something i'd never do, they were trying to do what was best for the baby. the way this movie is written, you see yourself becoming wrapped up in the story and asking yourself what you really believe, from all different aspects. patty duke? antagonist? almost unheard of, as far as i'm concerned. but during the movie, she really convinces you that she's psychotic, or at least, that there's something seriously wrong with her. her character is the meaning of "emotionally disturbed." the movie seems to end quickly, leaving things somewhat unresolved. but other than that, this movie is really great. it really makes you think. it's not a movie to watch when you just want to kick back and relax and watch something cute that'll make you laugh. but it is a good movie to see when you want to challenge your own beliefs, see things from others' perspectives, and discover a little something about yourself. caution: you may even grow while watching this movie! and it's all worth it, in the end.

john garfield plays a marine who is blinded by a grenade while fighting on guadalcanal and who has to learn to live with his disability. he has all the stereotypical notions about blindness, and is sure he'll be a burden to everyone. the hospital staff and his fellow wounded marines can't get through to him. neither can his girl back home played by eleanor parker. he's stubborn and blinded by his own fears, self pity, and prejudices. it's a complex role that garfield carries off memorably in a great performance that keeps one watching in spite of the ever present syrupy melodrama. the best scenes are on guadalcanal, where he's in a machine gun nest trying to fend off the advancing japanese soldiers in a hellish looking night time battle, and later a dream sequence in the hospital where he sees himself walking down a train platform with a white cane, dark glasses, and holding out a tin cup, all the while his girlfriend walks backward away from the camera.

***spoilers*** on of the first wwii movies coming out of hollywood that shows how the war effected those gi's, or in this case us marines, who fought in it.21 year old al schmid, john garfield, was just starting to live with a well paying job-earning some $40.00 a week-at the local steel mill and girl ruth hartley, elenore parker, whom he was about to marry when the japs spoiled everything for him, and millions of likewise young americans, by attacking the us pacific fleet at pearl harbor. doing his duty as an american citizen al immediately joined the us marine corps hoping to get back at the japs knowing, correctly as it was to turn out, that the marines would be the first american combat units to get a crack at them.al finally got his chance when his unit, the 1st marine division, landed on august 7, 1942 at guadalcanal in the far flung solomon islands to engage the japanese who were were in control of it. it was during the battle of the ilu river that al almost single handed stopped a massive japanese banzai attack holding off, with his machine gun, wave after wave of suicide attacks by the determined japs until help, or reinforcements, finally arrived. it was during the bloody fighting al was hit in the face by a jap grenade that ended up blinding him.now back in the states convalescing at a naval hospital al is faced with something far more harder to overcome then battling a battalion size attack of japanese or german soldiers. he's faced with a future where he'll never see again and having to depend on others to look after, or for, him!we get to see in the film "pride of the marines" al battle himself far harder then he did the japanese troops on guadalcanal in just coming to terms with his disability. not wanting anyone, especially his girlfriend ruth, to feel sorry for him al in fact is the one who feels sorry for himself more then anyone else in the movie. it's with the help of navy nurse virginia pfeiffer, rosemary decamp, and ruth together with his us marine buddy lee diamond, dane clark, that in the end gives al the courage to face his blindness with the same strength that he faced wave after wave of japanese troops on gudalcanal. a courage al thought he lost back in that god-forsaken island hell in the south pacific.based on the true story of us marine sergeant albert schmid "pride of the marines" showed what we were to expect from the tens of thousands of wounded us servicemen coming back from the war. we get to see how it in many ways was far more difficult for those fighting the war to adjust to a peacetime america when they left something, like in the case of al schmid, behind on the battlefield. al's battle with his personal demons was a lot harder then the japanese that he fought in that they were part of him and thus had to fight himself in order to overcome and eventually defeat them. despite the help that he got from both nurse virginia and his girlfriend ruth as well as his navy doctor-who has a striking resemblance to actor gregory peck-it still was up to al to overcome the fears that he faced. fears which he and only he had to both battle and overcome, like he was told by everyone in the movie, all by himself.

a very good wartime movie showing the effects of war on a hometown boy who looses his eyesight on guadalcanal and must come home and re-adjust himself with the help of family and friends. an excellent cast of actor's helps make this movie very entertaining. eleanor parker's role as the girlfriend was worthy of an oscar nomination. she has such an innocence to her in this movie. ann doran role was equally satisfying as was all of her small supporting roles. i especially like the hometown aura of pre-war phildelphia. the hunting scene is very good. of course the war scene on guadalcanal truly showed the horror faced by our soldiers during this epic battle. a well deserving film and one that should not be forgotten

being from the philadelphia suburbs and extremely interested in local history, this film provides an excellent vintage view of philadelphia in the 1940s. there are scenes of downtown, a train station that no longer exists, 30th street station--which still does exist, as well as scenes from the northeast part of the city. good shots of the old row-homes as they appeared then. the movie gets a bit "chatty" at times - causing the viewer to briefly lose interest...but the overall storyline is solid and very moving. anyone who enjoyed this movie should also try to see the film "bright victory", also with local footage of the valley forge army hospital in phoenixville, pa - and scenes from downtown phoenixville. the army hospital has since become a college campus. neither of these films are out on any format and i can't imagine why. i have them both on vhs from home recording, as shown on tcm in recent years. i highly recommend them to any other history buffs out there from my area!

definitely at the top five of best john garfield movies has to be pride of the marines. it's the true story of marine private al schmid who at the cost of his own sight, while wounded held off a horde of storming japanese on guadalcanal. the story nicely segments in three parts, al schmid's home life where he's a simple working stiff who's just getting serious with a woman and who likes nothing better than his bowling night. pearl harbor is bombed and he's off to war as millions of others were.the second part is at guadalcanal and we see part of the action where he's in an isolated machine gun nest, holding off japanese troops. his action prevented marine positions from being overrun, but a grenade does in his eyesight.and of course the third part is his painful adjustment to civilian life and to reassure himself that people aren't just caring for him out of pity, most of all that girl he was seeing eleanor parker.this film was broadcast on tcm on john garfield's 95th birthday and there was a documentary on garfield hosted by his daughter. one of the people interviewed said that garfield was the actor most believable in working class roles in having and holding a union card. in that respect he was lucky in that he did land with warner brothers in hollywood. though he kept getting typecast in gangster roles in the tradition of that studio, garfield was terrific in these parts because of his background, because he came from the kind of life al schmid had, with the exception of garfield's jewish background.in that respect he was perfect to play the part of a working class hero like al schmid who accepted the responsibility of defending his country. no super heroics here, just a guy who'd rather have been back in philadelphia, but doing a job that had to be done.it's a great part for garfield. it's a film one shouldn't miss. i do wonder though whatever happened to the real al schmid.

a wonderful and gritty war film that focuses on the inner torment of blinded marine al schmid. although it is tough and unpleasant it is in the end heroic - schmid's triumph over disability and depression. the battle scene was superb. but one bone to pick. no matter how many .50 bullets they fired i never saw any water or dirt being kicked up by the impacts! it hurt the realism, but i can live with it. fine performance by eleanor parker, again, as his girl friend.

no one would argue that this 1945 war film was a masterpiece. (how could any 1945 war film be a masterpiece?) and yet this is an extremely effective telling of a true story, that of al schmidt, blinded on guadalcanal, as played by john garfield, who spent days wearing a blindfold to capture the nuances of a blind person's actions. robert leckie, in "helmet for my pillow",denigrates schmidt's popularity in favor of his foxhole mate, who was killed, writing that "the country must have needed live heroes." well, i suppose the country did. and they had one here. there is a single combat scene in the movie, bound to the studio lot, lasting only ten minutes or so, and occurring less than halfway through the film instead of being saved for the climax, but it is the scariest and most realistic depiction of men under fire that i can remember having seen on screen, including those in "saving private ryan". men yell with fear, scream at each other and at the enemy, and bleed and die, without the aid of color, stereophonic sound, squibs, or gore.simply from a technological point of view, the film is outstanding. it isn't just that we learn how complicated a mechanism a .30 caliber, water-cooled browning machine gun is, or that it must be fired in bursts of only a few rounds, or that it isn't waved around like a fire hose, as in so many other war movies. the technical precision adds to the scene's riveting quality. the need to stick to short bursts is horrifying when dozens of shrieking enemies are pouring across a creek fifty feet away with the sole aim of exterminating you and your two isolated comrades confined to a small gun emplacement. the performances are solid, if not bravura, including those of the ubiquitous 1940s support, john ridgeley, and a radiant, youthful eleanor parker. the framing love story is spare, but it works, and ultimately is quite moving. a striking dream sequence is included. it's not bunuel, but for a routine 1945 film, it stands out as original and effective. albert maltz may have overwritten the script, or it may have been altered by someone else. it could have used the kind of pruning that might have introduced some much needed ambiguity. still, there are odd verbal punctuations that have a surprising impact on the viewer -- "why don't god strike me dead?" and, "in the eyes, lee. get 'em in the eyes!" depths of anguish in a few corny words. and a surprising amount of bitterness expressed by wounded veterans in a 1945 war film. notes that might seem false to a contemporary viewer but perhaps shouldn't: the dated vernacular which it's difficult to believe many of today's kids could think was actually ever spoken -- "private gab," "dope", "drip," "gee," "you dumb coot," "dame," "a swell guy," and "feeling sorry for yourself." let us consider the historical context and be kind in our judgments. at the time, some of this goofy lingo was at the cutting edge. real weak points? the wounded veterans get together and argue with each other about how much of a collective future they have and the argument is oversimply resolved with a conclusion along the lines of, "just because you have a silver plate in your head doesn't mean people will think you're a bad person." there are sometimes voice overs and silent prayers that are both unnecessary and downright unimaginative. "please, god, let him return to me," and that sort of thing. well, the film makers were operating within the constraints of their times. maybe that's why the final fade is on a shot of independence hall and the inspiring strains of "america the beautiful" swell in the back. none of this can undo the film's virtues, which are considerable, particularly the impact of that horrifying combat scene. it's not on television that often. if you have a chance, by all means catch it.

this movie is a fantastic movie. everything about it in my opinion was top notch from the acting to the directing. i know mr. garfield was blacklisted in the 1950's but the majority of his other films are on video if not dvd. that being the case,why isn't this one? a friend recorded it off of tcm for me but to have it on dvd would be great. for special features they could have say a marine historian talk about the battle and if mr. schmid's wife or son are still alive they could be interviewed as well. anyway this is a great movie and i highly recommend it.if it ever is put out hopefully it won't be colorized. colorizing it would in my opinion just ruin the whole effect of the film. the battle scene was quite realistic as far as a 1945,film would go. mr. garfield did a superb job of portraying mr. schmid. some actors might have been tempted to overact the part of mr.schmid's disability but i feel he got it just right. i sincerely hope they come out with this movie on dvd someday as a tribute to the courage of al schmid and all the other marines who sacrificed so much for us in world war two.

this is a great film classic from the 40's and well produced. there are very dramatic scenes in this film with john garfield,(al schmid),"force of evil",'48 and dane clark,(lee diamond),"last rites",'88, fighting the japs during wwii being completely surrounded and with only one machine-gun. when al schmid was able to go home after being wounded with a horrible injury, his problems just started to begin with his family and engaged girl friend. dane clark gave an outstanding supporting role as lee diamond, who did everything to help his buddy al get his life together again. there is never a complete victory to war and lets not forget all the brave wounded military personnel in veterans hospitals from all the wars and our present iraq vets!

my father, dr. gordon warner (ret. major, us marine corps), was in guadalcanal and lost his leg to the japanese, and also received the navy cross. i was pleasantly surprised to learn that my father was the technical adviser of this film and i am hoping that he had an impact on the film in making it resemble how it really was back then, as i read in various comments written by the viewers of this film that it seemed like real-life. my father is a fanatic of facts and figures, and always wanted things to be seen as they were so i would like to believe he had something to do with that.he currently lives in okinawa, japan, married to my mother for over 40 years (ironically, she's japanese), and a few years ago was awarded one of the highest commendations from the emperor of japan for his contribution and activities of bringing back kendo and iaido to japan since mcarthur banned them after wwii.my father was once a marine but i know that once you are a marine, you're always a marine. and that is exactly what he is and i love and respect him very much.i would love to be able to watch this film if anyone will have a copy of it. and i'd love to give it to my father for his 94th birthday this year!

most war films made in the us during wwii were great fun to watch but suffered from severe gaps in realism because they were being produced more for propaganda value to raise the spirits at home than anything else. i am not knocking these films as many of them are still very watchable. however, because they so often lack realism they are prevented from being truly great films. a perfect example was the john garfield film air force--in which a b-17 nearly single-handedly takes out half the japanese air force! however, pride of the marines is a welcome departure--scoring high marks for portraying a true story in a reasonably accurate manner. when i first saw this film, i thought it was not a true story as it seemed way too improbable to be true. however, after researching further i found that it was in fact rather true to the amazing story of two men who did so much to earn the medal of honor. this is one case where real life seemed too incredible to be true!

i hadn't seen this film in probably 35 years, so when i recently noticed that it was going to be on television (cable) again for the first time in a very long time (it is not available on video), i made sure i didn't miss it. and unlike so many other films that seem to lose their luster when finally viewed again, i found the visual images from the "pride of the marines" were as vivid and effective as i first remembered. what makes this movie so special, anyway?everything. based on the true story of al schmid and his fellow marine machine gun crew's ordeal at the battle of the tenaru river on guadalcanal in november, 1942, the screenplay stays 95% true to the book upon which it was based, "al schmid, marine" by roger butterfield, varying only enough to meet the time constrains of a motion picture. this is not a typical "war movie" where the action is central, and indeed the war scene is a brief 10 minutes or so in the middle of the film. but it is a memorable 10 minutes, filmed in the lowest light possible to depict a night battle, and is devoid of the mock heroics or falseness that usually plagues the genre. in a way probably ahead of its time, the natural drama of what happened there was more than sufficient to convey to the audience the stark, ugly, brutal nature of battle, and probably shocked audiences when it was seen right after the war. this film isn't about "glorifying" war; i can't imagine anyone seeing that battle scene and wanting to enlist in the service. not right away, anyway.what this film really concerns is the aftermath of battle, and how damaged men can learn to re-claim their lives. there's an excellent hospital scene where a dozen men discuss this, and i feel that's another reason why the film was so so well received--it was exceptionally well-written. there's a "dream" sequence done in inverse (negative film) that seems almost experimental, and the acting is strong, too, led by john garfield. garfield was perfect for the role because his natural temperament and schmid's were nearly the same, and garfield met schmid and even lived with him for a while to learn as much as he could about the man and his role. actors don't do that much anymore, but added to the equation, it's just another reason why this movie succeeds in telling such a difficult, unattractive story.

in the immediate aftermath following world war ii, sound minds in hollywood tried to distance themselves from the mindless flag-waving that is a natural ingredient in a war effort. "best years of our lives' and even 'gentleman's agreement' investigated the way americans looked at themselves in the wake of the war, but delmer daves' "pride of the marines" beat them to it.the film is about philadelphia smart alec john garfield who goes to war as a marine and after a nightmarish evening in a foxhole, with japanese soldiers eerily crying out at him and his buddies "mariiines, tonight you die!", he is blinded by a hand-grenade, and dumps his girlfriend back home rather than have to depend on her after coming home.delmer daves is uncompromising in his depiction on these men who are brave, as it were, almost by coincidence. they are there, in the foxhole, and when shot at, they react. so much for heroism, but they get the job done. and then comes the self-pity, the dark, gloomy sense of humor. garfield is in angry denial of his blindness and the film makes no excuses, "there's no free candy for anyone in this world", as his buddy tells him. the same guy, a jew, played by dane clark, reminds him, "in a war somebody gets it, and you're it. everybody's got problems! when i get back, some guys won't hire me, because my name is diamond".great movies are made with guts like these, and if the first half hour of 'pride of the marines' fails to rise to the occasion completely, from then on it evolves into a true work of art. you weep, and you ponder, you ache and you hope against hope. well, simply: art.

if there's one genre that i've never been a fan of, it's the biopic. always misleading, filled with false information, over-dramatized scenes, and trickery all around, biopics are almost never done right. even in the hands of the truly talented directors like martin scorsese (the aviator) and ron howard (a beautiful mind), they often do a great disservice to the people they are trying to capture on screen. skeptiscism takes the place of hype with the majority of biopics that make their way to the big screen and the notorious bettie page was no different. some critics and moviegoers objected to gretchen mol given the role of bettie page, saying she was no longer a celebrity and didn't have the chops for the part. i never doubted mol could handle the part since, but i never expected to as blown as away by her performance as i was upon just viewing the film hours ago. mol delivers a knockout oscar worthy performance as the iconic 1950's pin-up girl, who, after an early life of abuse (depicted subtlety and tastefully done, something few directors would probably do) inadvertently becomes one of the most talked about models of all time. the picture covers a lot of ground in its 90 minute running time yet despite no less than three subplots, there is still a feeling that there may be a small portion missing from the story. director/co-writer marry harron and guinevere turner's fantastic script is only marred by a too abrupt and not as clear as it should be ending. still, credit must be given to the two ladies for creating a nearly flawless biopic that manages to pay tribute to both its subject and the decade it emulates masterfully. come oscar time, mol, turner, and harron should be receiving nominations. doubt it will happen, though there certainly are no three women more deserving of them. 9/10

i am not going to lie. despite looking interesting, i watched the notorious bettie page because i had heard (and it was fairly obvious just by looking at a synopsis or anything about the film), that gretchen mol got naked in it. i have never been a fan of mol, but i cannot resist seeing an attractive woman taking off her clothes. yes, that may be perverted, but its a theme and ideal central to the very core of the movie, and helps to make the film a lot stronger than it probably should be.the film chronicles bettie page's (mol) life from her physical and sexually abused days as a kid in high school in the south, and onto her new life in new york. she wants to be an actress, but she has to pay bills too. after taking a few seemingly innocent shots on a local beach, page slowly becomes a modeling sensation, and quickly jumps from suggestive photos to sexually provocative pin-up photographs.i feel the briefness of the film (just over ninety minutes) is both a curse and blessing for it. on one hand, the film never overstays its welcome. you get to know page within a few short minutes, and then it gets right into her modeling career and does not look back. but it curses the film as well, because we never really get a chance to grasp everything that is going on. she just kind of jumps around between modeling shoots and the controversies that they create before jumping right into the major senate investigation that takes up much of the final act of the film. you just sit there, and attempt to absorb it all, and more just comes right at you. it feels like the filmmakers wanted to summarize too much material in too short a film. it begs for longer sequences, and begs more for even longer explanations. it does not feel rushed; it just does not feel all there.another bit of a fumble, although a bit more of a curiosity, is the use of colour throughout the film. the majority is in black and white, but frequently, splashes and sequences of colour do emerge. but while this may have been done as a symbolic gesture early on, it becomes a bit of a distraction as it continually pops up later on before cutting back to black and white. it gets confusing, and becomes more of a tedious interference than anything else as the film goes on.while it may fumble a bit with the actions, the film stays dead-on with its themes. page, who i know little to nothing about, is played off innocently, and her world is exactly the same. save for a few shady characters during her teenage years, everyone she encounters is an innocent, and everything she does has an innocence to it. i never thought i would look at full frontal nudity as being something that was anything other than vulgar and depraved, but here, it truly is something to marvel at. all at once, it is beautiful and innocent. even the most sexually perverted moments in the film (albeit tame compared to today's standards) have an innocent and angelic feeling to them. there is just something about the way mol's nude body is portrayed that it just strikes at such a different chord than nude bodies in other films. it just feels so natural and so wondrous, that if there were any reason to watch the film, it would be to see the spectacular depictions of mol's body as she plays bettie page.the other reason is mol herself. as page, she exemplifies that 1950's southern belle everyone knows (or can at least imagine). despite her profession, she is still a normal person, and still looks at herself as being religious. mol plays her exactly to the right amount of squeaky-cleanliness needed to make this character feel authentically from the 1950's. she plays her with such matter-of-factness that you would be hard-set not to think that mol was actually bettie page herself.unfortunately, the supporting cast have very little moments to shine, and are totally overshadowed by mol's wonderful performance. none of them do anything particularly pleasing, and none of them really have that same strength in their role as mol does. this is not really the fault of the actors, but more of the fact that they do not have much to work with. many of them are totally recognizable, such as oscar-nominee david strathairn (in a role a little too close to one of his better performances), sarah paulson (recent golden globe nominee for studio 60 on the sunset strip), and character actor lili taylor, but you would be hard set to really place their performance in being anything other than okay. none of these characters are really developed, and they really just stand as character cut-outs who mol runs loops around as she picks up steam in her brilliant performance.really, this film is worthwhile for its portrayal of nudity, and for gretchen mol's excellent performance of bettie page. everything else is a bit too muddled and awkward than it should be. had more work been done to develop supporting characters and not just blast right through the story, this film would have been a much better biographical film. as it stands, it is just a vehicle for mol to really rise into the stratosphere of popularity as an actress.7/10.

greetings again from the darkness. mary heron is amassing quite the list of films which provide a glimpse into their specific era. her previous "i shot andy warhol" and "american psycho" were at their best when commenting on the quirkiness of society during that period. although "the notorious bettie page" is obviously about ms. page, it is every bit as much a peak behind the curtain at the world of kinky photo shoots in the 50's.the film is fun to watch both from the perspective of the story and the technical aspect of the way it was filmed and put together. the grainy b&w film and photos capture the time and the introduction of color in miami beach through the photos of bunny yeager is very well done.the supporting cast is strong with david strathairn (fresh off his edward r. murrow role), chris bauer (as irving klaw) and lili taylor. the star of the film is the wonderfully talented and underrated and underworked gretchen mol. ms. mol always brings an edge and spirit to her roles. she was absolutely mesmerizing in the little seen, jason alexander directed "just looking" in 2000. here she is the notorious bettie page. her smile is captivating and her body is flawless. she really seems to enjoy this role and helps us understand how the girl next door from tennessee could become the underworld pin-up queen.as one would expect, the soundtrack from the era is terrific. patsy cline and peggy lee are just two of the featured performers. although the film hints at providing a history into this industry, the final third kinda falls flat preventing pure movie magic. but the magic of gretchen mol and bettie page make this a fun movie to watch and one that will yield endless showings on hbo in the near future. now will someone please turn ms. mol into the star she should be?

great acting on the part of gretchen mol. this film is one of the best biopics to hit the screen in some time. while it does cover the majority of bettie's young life, it also manages to stay on a mostly focused path which is something most biographical films seem to lack. there is some lovely and alarmingly funny subtext in the dialogue and acting. this film is an excellent break from the dir. of "american psycho," and i think this will show through as her best work to date. oh, and as a cinematography buff, i give this film 100% in the cine dept. it was amazing how well they pulled off a 50s look with modern film stocks. accolades to the d.o.p. all around very enjoyable. i recommend any interested to see it: 8/10.

the notorious bettie page written by mary harron & guinevere turner directed by mary harronhow do you define a person who has always been between two worlds, one of presumed sin and one of supposed redemption? especially when that person eventually succumbed to a split personality disorder in her latter years as if to demonstrate her own point. if you're director mary harron, you don't shy away from showing the push/pull nature of the notorious bettie page. you allow the character to drift back and forth between the healing forgiveness of the power of god and the church and the seductive illusion of control and dominance afforded to page during her years as a pinup model. by doing so, audiences are offered a complex character that is propelled forward by a desire to leave her difficult past with a naive enjoyment in others' lust for her and a struggle to reconcile her image in the eyes of god. come the right time, it will no longer matter how many eyes are on her because there is only one pair that counts.shot mostly in black and white (with some unnecessary bursts of color), the notorious bettie page is at times a light, humorous comedy, making the film an enjoyable experience and also one that pokes fun at how seriously people believe in the corruption of pornography. but the delicate hand of the director is more palpably felt during page's times of despair. harron is a sensitive, considerate director who does not throw page's numerous and devastating blows of abuse in the face of her viewer. instead, she allows the surprisingly effective gretchen moll, who plays the title role, the chance to hammer the pain of her character into the viewer with fear in her eyes, exhaustion is her cries and shame on her skin. whereas most directors, perhaps most male directors, would find it essential to show the heroine in painful positions in order to draw a link between the kinds of atrocities that were put upon her and where her life took her, harron has too much compassion for her character, her actress and her audience. from fragility, page learns to trust people again and as more and more photographers fall in love with her image, the more she falls in love with their admiration and the control she has over the gaze. by the time her poses cross over into the realm of soft-core s&m, she has found a way to combine her need to be respected with the objectification she has been accustomed to her whole life.mary harron's bettie page is a woman who yearns for control over her life and destiny, yet ultimately is always being told where to stand, how to smile and what to wear. when she finally realizes that none of her choices have been her own, she chooses to embrace god and preach his word to those who will listen. the true sadness behind this most important decision is that she is still letting someone else guide her blindly; she just has more faith that this direction will be better for her soul.

...but the general moviegoer's mileage may vary in mary "american psycho" harron's stylized look at the american sexual psyche as seen through the lens of the immortal queen of curves, bettie page.i'll not bore anyone with a recitation of the iconic status of ms. page, a prim and proper valedictorian from nashville, tennessee, who moved to new york in hopes of being an actress and ended up becoming the bondage queen of the universe. nor will i run through the sketchy bio-pic plot of "the notorious bettie page," though i offer high kudos to the technical aspects of the film (a sequence of animated magazine covers springs instantly to mind), improper use of a period camera notwithstanding. finally, i won't belabor the timely applicability of the film's themes of innocence and perversion, freedom and control, the sacred and the secular; they're there for the viewer to absorb, if they wish. the more things change, the more they stay the same, as the saying goes.what i will ramble on about for a moment is the splendid performance of gretchen mol as bettie page. truth is, mol's face looks almost nothing like bettie's, nor is she particularly built like bettie (although only a fool would deny those beautiful breasts, and no fool, i!). she doesn't even sport the thick, dark bush that concealed ms. page's most intimate charms, but the fact remains that mol thoroughly embodies the spirit of bettie page in every way, shape, and form. it is a bravura "comeback" from an undeserved semi-obscurity. i've never met ms. page (and sadly, never will, most likely), but i've devoured the photos and videos, and read all the bios and interviews available, bought the trading cards and other odds and ends, and to be honest, lusted for ms. page ever since i first discovered her in my adolescence between the covers of dusty tease magazines at the barber shop and the five and dime. mol perfectly captures the essence of the woman as i have come to conceive her, no pun intended, in what i consider to be an oscar-worthy performance. liv tyler could never have matched mol's shining intensity of characterization in a million years, and i, for one, am grateful she left the project. not that i'd mind seeing her totally naked, i hasten to add, but i can't imagine that her brand of sensuality would have translated into the innocent exhuberance of bettie page."the notorious bettie page" is not for everyone, any more than bondage and discipline are. i suspect it will do much better on disc than in the theaters; legions of devoted page fans and the curious will see to that. i can only hope that the dvd will be chock full of enough bettie extras to show the uninitiated just how good a job mol has done.beyond that, a tip of the hat to a fine supporting cast, especially lili taylor and chris bauer as paula and irving klaw, whose celebrity photo business was bettie's doorway to immortality.a final note to the young scribe who opined that ms. page had no effect on his generation: take a good look at madonna's cone brassiere and get back to us. bettie page is, whether you know it or not, the true godmother of fetishwear. without her, madonna and the rest of her kin could never have existed.

film can be a looking glass to see the world in a new light. good night and good luck, for instance, offered parallels to modern judgement-without-evidence and encroachments on freedom. it is easier to examine a moral problem when it is not too close to home: by putting it in a fictional or historic context removed from our immediate situation. with pornography, we consider ourselves 'enlightened' and our forefathers to be hidebound by quaint ideas - usually involving fire and brimstone, but the definition of what is obscene can easily fall prey to ignorance and unscientific interpretation instead of evidence. bettie page was a cult icon of an era which included not just mccarthyism but the banning of comics (such as tales from the crypt) on the basis that they would turn youths into half-mad juvenile delinquents. this film, developed from key questions raised in her life, poses dilemmas that are as relevant today as back in 1950.our film opens with two key scenes. in the first, we see well-dressed, respectable looking men in a seedy bookshop. one of them asks for pictures of women in kinky boots and being restrained - then turns out to be an undercover cop conducting a sting. the second scene shows bettie page, waiting to be called as a witness, looking quite demure, as if she had just come out of church.the first 50mins are in black & white. old fashioned film effects such as wipes and fades add to the sense that we are watching a film from bygone years, as do the mannerisms of the cast, skilfully recreated 1950s scenes, contemporaneous slang phrases and the terse dialogue associated with film-making of the period. archive footage is frequently intercut - which will delight many and irritate others. in keeping with its theme, the movie is almost a collection of different types of photography-in-motion, and the older clips of fabulous beaches and landmarks juxtapose well against bettie's classic poses hearken back to an age of 'health & nature' magazines . . . although i admit that if you are not captivated by the story you may find the effect a bit choppy.very soon, we go into flashback. bettie escapes a depression years downtrodden life in nashville, enlivened only with church singing and soul-saving, and goes alone to make her own way. after her initial success, her modelling work splits into two strands: the mainstream glamour work focussing on her over-the-rainbow smile, and the 'specialist interest' photos involving dressing up in high-heeled boots and light bondage gear. in an earlier audition (reminiscent of a scene with naomi watts' character in mulholland drive - who was also called betty), she gives a performance that is full of emotion, contrasting with her normal animated, cheerful (but ultimately bland) day-to-day expression. is part of her still unfulfilled? bettie is frequently rejected in auditions once they realise she is the well-known pin-up girl. but we have never been asked to feel sorry for bettie page: her abusive childhood is quickly referenced and skipped over; when she is raped by four hometown lads, we see only the threat and then bettie recovering and surviving, picking herself up in deserted woodland, and putting on the brave face of someone who refuses to lie down and die.although no nudity is involved, it's bettie's special interest photos that eventually arouse trouble. when we go back to the court, the opinions of a clergyman on the corrupting influence of such photos are taken as evidence. a psychologist authoritatively says how the photos lead to 'suicide, murder and psychosis' in youngsters who are exposed to them (presumably not in that order). eventually a star witness explains how his son's life came to an end as a result of such photos - 'being 'trussed up like that'. it is not made clear how being 'trussed up' causes death). the text accompanying a series of bettie's photographs in a magazine tell how she was forced to endure 'terrible agonies' with the fetish restraints (the audience knows that she actually found them quite hilarious and that the wordings, like the photos themselves, were pure dramatisations). after a 12hr wait, bettie is told her evidence - she is the one person who could state definitively that she was not photographed in agony - will 'not be required'. the 'horrors' of the photos have been proved.if this all sounds like the dark ages which we have left, consider a recent (2003) incident in which an ann summers advert was banned. it said, "for fashion and passion whip along to your local store," with a photograph of a woman's back. she's wearing a bra and thong and her hands are handcuffed behind her back. the lingerie and sex toys company, that targets female consumers (and also supports charities fighting domestic violence) said its adverts aimed, "to give women sexual confidence and always showed women in control of their sexuality." one might conclude that the prejudice and ignorance of the betty page investigations still holds currency.bettie's religious views are integral to the story, just as the concept of sin is integral to christianity and contributes to the 'forbidden' nature of sexual enjoyment frequently prevalent in the uk and us - as opposed to the more factual approach found in continental europe. it could be argued the formulae of sin and redemption, and "being saved", are even reflected in mating patterns that perpetuate traditional male dominance. a policeman making a friendly (but sexually motivated) approach to bettie outside the courtroom offers to 'save' her from loneliness. the knight-in-shining-armour might be chivalrous, but it also assumes a woman in need of rescue.love it or hate it, the notorious bettie page is an unusual and extraordinary film, and a moral wake-up call for those that heed it. there is excellent ensemble acting, and gretchen mol, as bettie, is remarkable as the whole film succeeds or falls on her powerful performance.

firstly, i have heard great things about this film, not least among the retro/vintage scene and the stockings lovers who absolutely love bettie page and it did not disappoint. shot in very clean black and white with colour added for key scenes, the film gives a documentary feel to the early life and career of bettie page.there are many things i did not know about page. firstly, there was the gang rape, later on, there is her early attempts at developing an acting career and then glamour pictures, firstly with a camera club peopled with men who can't get enough of her and later with the klaws, paula and irving, who despite their taking of bondage and fetish photos, come across as extremely pleasant and friendly people. if only modern pornography producers were like that, perhaps better porn would be a consequence! for the most part, the film is neither a diatribe against the evils of pornography but an attempt to show the kind of environment that existed in the 1950s for those producing fetish and nude pictures of women. this environment was extremely repressive, perhaps in a good way because it meant that there was none of the 'saturation' effect that we have today, when it comes to pornography. it also appeared to be much less harsh. page comes across as someone who enjoys her work and doesn't appear to be degraded by it. in many of her photos she is seen tied up and gagged (and trying to hold a conversation), brandishing a whip with a flourish, thus exciting the photographers taking her pictures and seen in 'initiation style' girlie bondage movies which look quite tame compared with the hardcore stuff we have now.page never became an actress and instead deserted pinup when she was in her thirties for 'jesus christ'. her belief in god and jesus never goes away, even when bound and gagged she still insists that she has been given a 'gift' by god to do 'this thing'. seeing this film, i am more knowledgeable about page and in awe at her modesty, beliefs and demeanour. she is one of a kind, compared with the identi-kit clone blondes we have today and someone who can actually say 'there is life after porn'.

"the notorious bettie page" (2005) directed by: mary harron starring: gretchen mol, chris bauer, lili taylor, sarah paulson, & david strathairn mpaa rating: "r" (for nudity, sexual content and some language) it seems as though every celebrity nowadays is getting a biopic made about his or her life. from ray charles to johnny cash, biopics are very posh right now. "the notorious bettie page" is the latest of these to be released on dvd. it features gretchen mol as the world's most famous pin-up model, bettie page and was filmed mostly in black and white with certain excerpts in color. unlike "ray", "walk the line", and "finding neverland", however, this movie is not going to be one to watch out for at the oscars this year. this movie lacks the emotional resonance displayed in other biopics and most of the more dramatic moments in bettie page's life are either completely ignored or only merely suggested. this does not mean, however, that it is a bad movie. in fact, "the notorious bettie page" is a thoroughly entertaining and fulfilling movie--a solid work of cinema. this film focuses more on page's exciting career and the thin line between sexuality and pornography. it is filmed with fervor and care and mary harron's direction captures the look and feel of the time period as most filmmakers only dream about.everyone knows bettie page (played by mol). whether you know her as an icon…or a simple porn star…you know her. she is a woman who had a very profound impact on american culture only by revealing more skin than deemed appropriate at that particular time. now, most people know her as one of america's first sex symbols--a legend to many models, especially those of playboy and other adult-oriented magazines. she lived in a time when showing just an inch of flesh below the waste could have someone arrested and page's bondage-style photos were just the thing to push the american public into an uproar. in fact, the photos launched a full-fledged senate investigation about common decency and the difference between harmless films and porn.the performances in "the notorious bettie page" are absolutely wonderful with gretchen mol standing out. her performance as bettie page is simply brilliant. i understand that, when she was announced for the role, many people were skeptical. her name is not one that immediately leaps to my mind when i think of great performances. now, it will. she completely aced the role and drew me in with her vulnerable and yet deeply engaging performance. david strathairn is fresh off of last year's "good night, and good luck", in which he gave one of 2005's best performances. here, he gives yet another fine performance…even though he is slightly underused. i was shocked at how very limited his screen time was…but quality over quantity is always the most important aspect of any good movie. the only performance i have seen from lili taylor was that in "the haunting" (1999). while most people ignored the movie, i found it to be an enjoyable, if not completely shallow, horror movie and i also have always thought that taylor was perfectly credible as the emotionally-distraught nell. here, taylor gives yet another credible performance. she gives a very subdued performance and delivers the perfect performance to compliment that of gretchen mol.after everything was said and done, i realized that "the notorious bettie page" cannot be compared to other biopics, such as "finding neverland" and "walk the line". it is incomparable to these because it tells a story of a woman and her career, from the beginning to the end. her personal life is briefly implied, but it is really her impact on the world that becomes the high point. we watch the film knowing that page will eventually bare all and we know the impact that her decisions will have…but we are rarely shown the impact that they will have on her personal life. she is a woman that never looked back and could constantly reinvent herself. after all, she was an adult model turned christian missionary. this movie does not over dramatize anything. it could have included fictitious moments of page sobbing hysterically and begging god to forgive her. it could have shown page running and screaming through the rain, trying to escape the ghosts of her past…and yet it does not. "the notorious bettie page" tells a simple story and that is something rare by today's standards. fortunately, it is quite refreshing.final thought: "the notorious bettie page" is a relaxing movie with absolutely amazing cinematography.overall rating: 9/10 (a)

she's not michael jordanthink of all the marvelous nba players whose career light has been dimmed for no other good reason than the timing of their birth. their names might trip as easily off the public's lips as russell, cousy, byrd, magic, mchale, oscar, wilt, the list goes on; but the volume gets turned down a little, for stockton and malone, charles, patrick and all the other great players who always lost the headlines to michael.i've seen it written that gretchen mol's career flamed out in the wake of the cover article in the 1998 vanity fair issue which predicted inevitable superstardom for ms. mol. it was later said that she had been over hyped. i disagree.i still remember that for some time after i saw "the devil's advocate" in '97 or '98, i would get confused as to which actress played mary ann lomax. was it mol or theron? oh yeah! charlize theron was the one in "2 days in the valley" and "mighty joe young" and gretchen mol was in "donnie brasco", "celebrity", and "rounders".by the time i had seen "the thirteenth floor" (mol) and "sweet november" (theron), i pretty much had them straightened out but i still put them in the same mental file drawer. both were highly talented, had sweet faces, similar body types, short blonde hair and so on.theron, though, was offered more work. i loved her as sara deever and as adele invergordon her beauty was downright intimidating.in 2003 "monster" was released and from that point until the handing of the oscar itself, all of filmdom knew who the "best actress" award was going to. and deservedly so! theron was aileen wuornos. the only way to get a more accurate understanding of what made the real aileen wuornos tick would be to somehow replay the digital video trapped in selby's head. and for a major talent to make herself that physically unattractive! unheard of!then in 2005 "the notorious bettie page" was released. mol's performance was extraordinary. maybe she was standing in the shadow of ms. theron. it was like the ballroom for the victory celebration for the losing presidential candidate, nobody came and nobody cared. it was viewed as a continuation of an old tale, once promising actress with a declining career does a nudie part in a "b" movie. ho hum! no, no, no! wrong! no matter what you may think of the film (and i enjoy films about the fifties) if you pass on this one you'll be missing one of the better performances of that year. ms. moll was every bit as much bettie as ms. theron was aileen. unfortunately aileen, to the film-going public, is the more sympathetic character. for whatever reason, an amoral, sociopathic killer is less embarrassing to us than a naïve, unsophisticated, uninhibited, religious girl whose most capital crime was to live her life totally trusting and completely exposed. bettie page was one of the icons of the fifties. her photos and films never sexual, never pornographic, but she presented as a near caricature of all things kinky. there was no sense of realism, only parody. ms. moll captured the very essence of the character. she gained 20 pounds to add some zaftig to her normally slim figure and when she posed for various photographers in the film, her body was bettie's. her full frontal lack of any inhibitions accurately fits everything which has been published about bettie. cinematic nudity normally depicts eroticism or sexuality. in this film it's all about innocence. seeing gretchen/bettie nude didn't make me want to jump her but instilled a desire to protect her from all the horrors that people can inflict on each other. if you pass on this film you'll be missing out on one of the best performances of recent years. by the way, shame on the mpaa for giving this an r rating.

i've known about bettie page for many a year now. the soft-core porn images of her from the 1950's have since become iconographic and still have a strong draw even today. the "bettie page" look is also still hugely popular within the hetero fetish world and remains as distinctive today as it did then. so i watched this film with quite a bit of familiarity to begin with. the result did not disappoint.among other things, it was hugely entertaining to see the movie's recreation of actual figures like irving klaw, john willie, and bunny yeager – all consider trailblazers today. mary harron did an excellent job creating the desired ambiance of sexual repression and hypocrisy in 1950's america along with a sexuality that, by today's standards, was innocent in the extreme. i particularly liked the use of monochrome versus color as a visual shorthand for the emotional and spiritual climate bettie found herself in.i think that gretchen mol did an excellent job of presenting the character of bettie in all her innocent sexuality and all her utter naiveté. bettie loved to look pretty, loved the attention, saw nothing wrong with nudity, and enjoyed dressing up in "silly outfits" for the camera. the underlying sexuality and deeply fetishistic desires all that evoked were completely lost on her. to this day she still doesn't understand "what all the fuss was about" when it comes to her pictures or the s&m content of them.this isn't to say she's uneducated or too simple to understand it's just that she simply doesn't "get it" about fetishism and never will. no harm there. bettie page is simply being who she is. the film captured this quite nicely.the social atmosphere of the 1950's depicted by ms. harron and written by her along with guinevere turner makes me truly glad i live in the day and age that i do. the hypocrisy and repression combined with the massive ignorance about our sexuality all combined to a frighteningly stifling world. the film well captures this and brings to cheering as bettie endures it all with her unshakeable faith and her unchangeable naiveté.this film was a bit slow at times but hit all the points ms. harron attempted and hit them well. i'd recommend this film even for those folks with little to no knowledge of who bettie page was and what effect she had on american culture. for those with such interests, then this film is a must see.

the first two-thirds of this biopic of fetish model betty page are very interesting. betty, as portrayed with enormous sincerity by gretchen mol, comes across as a pleasant, girl-next-door type, who saw nothing wrong with what she did (and there certainly wasn't anything "wrong" with it). director mary harron, who also made "i shot andy warhol" and "american psycho", recreates betty's america by mixing old black and white stock footage with new, degraded, black and white footage. once betty lands in florida and starts working with bunny yeager, color is introduced. betty's notoriety was mostly the result of her work with paula and irving klaw (lili taylor, in a great performance, and chris bauer), as well as john willie (jared harris). the scenes where harron recreates betty's bondage photography sessions are fascinating and adroitly executed. the early purveyors of fetish material are not portrayed too condescendingly and we get a sense that these folks were part of a tight "community". betty never had too much of a problem with her notoriety, although we get the impression that her reputation prevented her from gaining legitimacy in the straight acting world. because the film's third act is virtually non-existent, we are left with the impression that we have been watching a feature length documentary on betty page rather than a structured drama. flaws aside, it's a film well worth catching and represents yet another fine feather in the cap of producer christine vachon.

although the notorious bettie page is well acted and shot, is is, at best, a cliffs notes version of bettie's biography. the film mainly centers on her work with irving and paula klaw, the brother and sister team who produced the bulk of her most famous photos. it does not detail her life after posing, aside from her religious rebirth. it cites "the real bettie page", by richard foster as a source, but it ignores bettie's later years of mental illness and incarceration in a mental hospital. the narrow focus of the biography can be debated, but the majority of bettie's fans and the "civilians" would probably be more interested in her modeling career, which is what they get.the film is well acted, with gretchen mol faithfully reproducing the look of bettie, as well as conveying the sweetness that her photos exuded. the character is played as rather naive, a probable byproduct of interviews given by bettie in recent years. it is more likely that bettie was aware of the nature of her photos but rationalized it as acting and costumes.the supporting cast is also outstanding, with chris bauer and lili taylor playing irving and paula klaw, and david strathairn as estes kefauver. the film errs with the character of john willie, played by jared harris. john willie never met bettie page and was not involved in photo shoots with the klaws. harris plays willie a bit like peter o'toole, in his more debauched state.despite the quality of acting, the film is a bit of a disappointment in terms of depth. the story is rather cursory and we never feel that we truly get to know bettie. much like her photos, it's just an image. it does tend to exaggerate bettie's notoriety. her photos were mainly seen in and around new york, in a very narrow market of underground and cultish publications. her real fame came after her photos were reprinted in the late 70's and 80's, and the cult of betty page (as her name was usually spelled) grew. bettie's greatest exposure (pardon the pun) was in playboy, appearing in the january 1955 issue (the christmas photo, which is staged in reverse in the film).the film is well done, if rather shallow. it is able to sustain interest until the end and showcases many fine performances. it hits the high points of bettie's life, but ignores many details which would have given it far greater depth. the ending is rather a let down. it feels rather abrupt. still, the movie is definitely worth viewing by anyone interested in bettie, or even the time period. the soundtrack is great, really pulling the viewer into the 1950's. if nothing else, the film stands as a showcase for america's burgeoning sexuality and the clash with its puritan past. it's also a peek at an icon for both men and women.

beautifully made with a wonderful performance from gretchen moll capturing such a stainless plain happiness in her work, and the recreations of the little movies and the photographs are perfectly made and often hilarious. according to harron they used film stock that is no longer produced and fifties style studio lighting even for the outside locations to give the colour portions its distinctive look. bettie page saw the movie at hugh heffner's house (she is now eighty-three) with the producers there, but not the director, in case it got awkward if she didn't like it. she apparently did like it up until the official inquiry, which she found unsettling. some great costumes too. the idea for the movie started in 1993, but this was worth the wait. the portrait of her never seems to ring false in reference to all those images and snippets of (dreadful) movies that many of us will have already seen. it would make an interesting companion piece with goodnight and goodluck, but much more pleasant viewing!

the notorious bettie page (2006) ***1/2 gretchen mol, lilli taylor, chris bauer, jared harris, sarah paulson, david strathairn, austin pendleton, norman reedus, dallas roberts. mol shines as legendary pin-up queen bettie page in a fine biopic.gretchen mol is probably best known for being tauted as the next-it-girl a few years ago when no one knew who she was despite an infamous cover story by vanity fair among other media dubbings but despite a few co-starring roles here and there her predicted stardom seemed to twinkle less brightly until now. here as the famous pin-up queen bettie page, gretchen mol is indeed a shining star on the rise.bettie page was tennessee born raised as a god-fearing and family oriented proper girl who seemed to find herself the unwarranted object of lust and affection, as she grew older. a gang-rape that is flashbacked is wisely not graphically depicted nor is the subtle showing of her own father having less- than-decent designs for his own kin which is important to understand how page managed to escape the possible nightmarish life for a career as an actress by heading to new york city in the 1950s when in fact that was the time and place to be to catch lighting in a bottle. what page didn't realize is that in fact she would be just that when she arrived.a beautiful raven haired sweetheart with a divine figure, page is spotted on coney island one summer day by a black policeman asking to take her photograph which leads to her posing in his basement and eventually to the studios of irving klaw (bauer) and his sister paula (taylor) who cater their kitschy but considered pornographic stills to a unique clientele: fetish types.although page is rather naïve she is undeniably smart and knows that her body is not a sin and can see the forest for the trees in the sense that she is in control - or at least abides in what is offered her as work in that it is not indecent and she is having fun in her increasingly less-clothed portraits - until a congressional witch-hunt seeks out a few scapegoats to make pornographic images a crime. talented filmmaker mary harron and her screen writing partner guinevere turner ("an american psycho" and "i shot andy warhol") streamline the biopic trappings rather neatly and maybe a bit too hasty in getting at who really was bettie page although they do justice in depicting an era of uptightness at its zenith. large thanks to gifted cinematographer mott hopfel for his languorously gorgeous black and white images and also the sprinkled color segments that recall douglas sirk films of the era for its melodramatic kindlings. part feminist treaty and part american dream fulfilled the story chugs along nicely with fine performances by its ensemble including the comical bauer and taylor as siblings in smut and harris having a field day as a fellow fotog with a taste for wine and chatter. it's amusing to see strathairn in a bit of stunt casting as a senator on a campaign for righteousness after portraying news bulldog edward r. murrow in his last outing, "good night, and good luck" as an opposite the table role.but hats off to the truly fine talents of mol as the uninhibited yet deeply morale and most importantly intelligent bettie page who lets her child-like innocence beam through her bold nudity and now-considered-tame-and-quaint-borderline- kitschy poses that caught the male fancy for decades and is still a bookmark for human sexuality in this country and perhaps the world overall. mol is perfect and uncannily resembles her portrait's subject down to her knowing-teasing smile. the real bettie page was reportedly not involved with the project but apparently gave her blessing and continues to live a somewhat secluded life that is alluded to in the final moments as to having found jesus and shirking her 'notorious' image once and for all. a shame since this film oddly embraces the resounding decency imbued within its subject, radiating for all to see in its naked splendor.

first, let me say that notorious is an absolutely charming film, very lovingly rendered of its time and subject(s). gretchen mol is utterly, painfully convincing, the very soul of the contradictions smoothly reified by ms. page herself. irving and paula klaw are richly drawn as the working-class stiffs they were (having met paula at movie star news in 1990 i can say that lili taylor's performance is unimpeachable), and jared harris as john willie (coutts) is an adoringly debauched genius. anyone with an interest in the recorded history of american attitudes toward sexuality must see this movie, in a theater preferably, where votes made with dollars count more.second, i will allow that i am a producer of material similar to that for which the klaws would become famous, which is no way affects my estimation of ms. harron's work as the splendid piece that it is, but does condition my view of notorious as an act of political resistance of the first order. ms. harron has crafted a work of subtle subversion. along with v for vendetta, it is a movie about another time for our times.few readers of this site will be aware that the government they will see enacted in notorious (through transcription of the very words uttered in closed senate committee hearings) is a very close approximation of the one they live under right now. while ms. harron expressly disallows that she has a political agenda appended to this film, her faithfulness to the facts, and the respectful and unsensational way in which she renders them, synchronizes notorious with the present day. the very acts that notorious portrays in loving and accurate detail are defined as obscene by the communications decency act, recently brought to the supreme court as a first amendment case and turned back there at the behest of the bush administration. in other words, the delicate and ineffectual bondage depicted in notorious is indictable today by federal prosecutors in whatever (hostile) jurisdiction they choose. of course, there were no hearings in the senate or elsewhere on this matter when the cda was passed. of course you know nothing about it, because you don't want people in peoria telling you what you can and cannot look at (likewise, people in peoria probably don't want me telling them what they're allowed to view). of course notorious will never be indicted. it's hollywood. it's lawyered up. countless klaws will, however, continue to be steamrolled by a puritanical bureaucracy that has not advanced its aesthetic, moral or biological composition much in 50+ years.in addition, notorious posts no 18 usc 2257 compliance statement, which is mandated by the unnoticed "earmark" recently voted into law. if any media contains images of "sadomasochistic restraint" it is required to make available (ex warrant) records of age and circumstance of all performers. notorious fails in this regard also.in addition to being a splendid piece of entertainment and an (nearly) accurate historical document, notorious will be the litmus against which the bush justice department is itself judged with respect to the 14th (equal protection) amendment and on perhaps several other constitutional grounds. in this regard alone, a debt of gratitude is owed mary harron. you'll be grateful in any case, constitutional or otherwise, if you see this film.

i had a vague idea of who bettie page was, partly due to her appearance in the very wee days of playboy (apparently, when she got her photo taken of her and her santa hat, just that, she didn't know what the mag was). the movie, co-written and directed by american psycho's mary harron, fleshes out the key parts of her life well enough. a southern belle of a church goer has some bad experiences and leaves them behind to seek better times in new york city, where she gets into modeling, and from there a lot more. soon, she becomes the underground pin-up sensation, with bondage the obvious (and "notorious" of the title) trait attributed to her. the actress gretchen moll portrays her, and gets down the spirit of this woman about as well as she could, which is really a lot of the success of the film. she's not a simplistic character, even if at times her ideas of morality are questionable ("well, adam and eve were naked, weren't they?" she comments a couple of times). apparently, the filmmakers leave out the later years of page's life and leave off with her in a kind of redemptive period, leaving behind the photo shoots for jesus.in all, the notrious bettie page is not much more than a kind of usual bio-pic presented by hbo films, albeit this time with the stamina for a feature-film release. the best scenes that harron captures are page in her "questionable" positions, getting photos of her in over-the-top poses and starring in ridiculous films of whips and chains and leather uniforms. this adds a much needed comic relief to the film's otherwise usual nature. it's not that the story behind it is uninteresting, which involves the government's investigation into the 'smut' that came out of such photos and underground magazines. but there isn't much time given to explore more of what is merely hinted at, with page and her complexities or her relationships or to sex and the fifties. it's all given a really neat black and white look and sometimes it seemed as if harron was progressing some of the black and white photos to be tinted more as it went along. it's a watchable view if you're not too knowledgeable of bette page, and probably for fans too.

"the notorious bettie page" is about a woman who always wanted to be an actress but instead became one of the most famous pin up girls in the history of america. bettie page played by gretchen mol was one of the first sex icons in america. the type of modeling bettie page took part in included nudity and bondage which lead to a u.s senate investigation in the 1950s.walking out of the film, all i could think about was how far we have come in terms of pornography since the 1950s. you can go on the internet now and find some of most disturbing and shocking images ever shot, that the footage questioned in "the notorious bettie page" seems almost childlike and innocent. most of the footage including the bondage did not feature nudity when bettie page was involved yet today we have sick images where we can see women having sex with animals. i find that maybe the envelope has been pushed a little too far since the 1950s because looking at this movie in terms of today's pornography, it was very tastefully done.to be honest, i was pretty impressed with "the notorious bettie page," i found the film to be very well done and interesting. the movie is exactly what the trailer leads you to believe it will be and is a very interesting look at one of the first female sex icons in america. gretchen mol looks just like bettie page and gives a very fine performance. i also thought that since the movie was shot in black and white it made the film seem realistic because it made the audience believe they were watching a film created in the late 1950s.my only complaint about the film was the running time, there seemed to be a few scenes that were cut and seemed to be a little shorter than they should have been. i looked this up and it seems that 10 minutes was cut from the film since its original showing at the toronto film festival. also the ending was pretty tame and i was expecting a little more from it or maybe some paragraphs to come on the screen to tell the audience more about bettie page's life where the film left off. those are my only two complaints about the film other than that the directing was solid, the acting was great especially gretchen, and the writing was good.mary harron, who directed "american psycho", which is one of my favorite films, is the director and writer of "the notorious bettie page." i feel that mary is a very talented director who knows how to create a setting and create great movies based on characters because like "psycho", bettie page is a character study and a fine one at that. harron captures the 40s and 50s with ease as well as all the characters. she is a very talented director who i hope will be around for many years to come.bottom line: "the notorious bettie page" is definitely worth a look. it's a very interesting story that shows how far america, as well as the world, has come in terms of pornography. the film also provides a fine performance by gretchen mol who literally nails the role of bettie page on the head. and top it off with a talented director who was able to capture the look and feel of a previous era and you have a good movie on your hands. sadly, this film is probably going to flop since not many besides people who grew up in this era will show interest in the film but i think it's worth checking out.moviemanmenzel's final rating for "the notorious bettie page" is a 8/10. it's an interesting character study about one of the most famous pin up girls and sex icons in american history.

i saw this movie at the 2006 palm springs international film festival and it is a movie and not a film since it apparently was shot by hbo to be shown on their cable network sometime this year. this movie presents page as a bondage and discipline fetish pinup and b&d stag film actress who had enough talent to become a real actress. page was a little more than that and the film touches on some of her other roles in modeling but not enough to balance out the career of the 50's pinup icon. this film is supposedly based on the book "the real bettie page" by richard foster. it's shot in black and white for that 1950's nostalgia feel. i have the book called "bettie page the life of a pinup legend" that has a lot of great photos chronicling the career of page and i must say that this movie reproduces on film, with gretchen mol as page, many of those famous photo's very accurately. mol herself with the bettie page black wig and brown contact lenses is bettie page. not only does she have the bettie page look but she has the smile and characteristics of her personality that came through the camera down perfect. and her body is as close to a replica of page's as possible. terrific casting. the story is kind of thin and tabloidesque and certainly could have been a lot better. but this is a pretty good tv movie. i would rate it a 7.0 of a scale of 10 and recommend it's viewing when it comes on tv.

for a film that's ostensibly about sex and leather, it doesn't have any right to be as oddly sweet as it is. the story of bettie page, a good christian girl from the south who's momma wouldn't let her date until she married, who moved to new york and ended up becoming the most successful pin-up of her age, is driven by an outstanding performance from gretchen moll. her page can't quite reconcile the pictures that she takes (nobody's allowed to touch, it's all fun and respectful) with the pornography trials and supposed ill-effects that her images have on the world around her.page has been an inspiration to every burlesque artist since, not just because she had a figure to die for, but because she invested every picture with an innocent sense of fun that was uniquely sexy and simple at the same time. rather like this film, in fact. filmde in both black and white and glorious technicolour, it's a lovely way to spend a couple of hours.

bettie page was a icon of the repressed 1950s, when she represented the sexual freedom that was still a decade away, but high in the hopes and dreams of many teenagers and young adults. gretchen mol does a superb job of portraying the scandalous bettie, who was a small town girl with acting ambitions and a great body. her acting career went nowhere, but her body brought her to the peak of fame in an admittedly fringe field. photogrsphed in black and white with color interludes when she gets out of the world of exploitation in new york, this made-for-tv (hbo) film has good production values and a very believable supporting cast. the problem is, it's emotionally rather flat. it's difficult to form an attachment to the character, since bettie is portrayed as someone quite shallow and naive given the business she was in. the self-serving government investigations are given a lot of screen time, which slows down the film towards the end. but it's definitely worth watching for the history of the time, and to see the heavy-handed government repression that was a characteristic of the fifties. 7/10

canadian filmmaker mary harron is a cultural gadfly whose previous films laid bare some the artistic excess of the sixties and the hollow avaricious eighties. with "the notorious bettie page" she points her unswerving eye at fifties america, an era cloaked in the moral righteousness of joe mccarthy, while experiencing the beginnings of a sexual awakening that would result in the free love of the next decade. harron and her co-writer guinevere turner, are clearly not interested in the standard biopic of a sex symbol. this is a film about the underground icon of an era and how her pure unashamed sexuality revealed both the predatory instincts and impure thoughts of a culture untouched by the beauty of a nude body. if the details of bettie's life were all the film was concerned about, then why end it before her most tragic period was about to begin. clearly, harron is more interested in america's attitudes towards sexual imagery then and now. together with a fearless lead performance by gretchen mol and the stunningly atmospheric cinematography of w.mott hupfel iii, she accomplishes this goal admirably, holding up a mirror to the past while making the audience examine their own "enlightened" 21st century attitudes towards so-called pornography. as america suffocates under a new conservatism, this is a film needed more than ever.

more a snapshot of the most popular pinup of all time than your typical dragged out biopic, this fun and fabulous film has the look and feel of the era with an excellent soundtrack and everything you would want in an indie-type film. i think the tendency would be to portray bettie page as some sort of sex vixen, like a jayne mansfield. but if you've truly looked carefully at bettie's poses, she always looked happy. not a "you wish you could get with me" haughty look, nor the "i'm just doing this because my acting career didn't work out" look of a porn star. and so, the ladies involved with this film (three female producers, a female writer/ director, female co-writer and the lovely gretchen mol, who i'm sure helped shape this role with her own sugary influence) really captured the idea of a sweet, somewhat naive, southern girl who really enjoyed having her photo taken and hoped that good ol' jc wouldn't be too upset with her. gretchen mol turns out a career high performance (she may just have the most perfect breasts ever), which i am happy about, because she did have the curse. several years ago, she made the cover of vanity fair when no one really knew who she was, touting her as the next it-girl. and let's be frank, that was a bit presumptuous. i mean unfortunately she has never made it to gwyneth status, though not for lack of talent. making a few poor film choices when you are a pretty blonde in fickle hollywood renders you forgettable i'm afraid. if this doesn't put her back on the a-list, well i'll be a monkey's uncle.intensely private, bettie herself has not seen the film yet. bettie left the pinup party on a high note and fell in love with her old flame, jesus. whatever floats your boat honey. you were one helluva woman. i hope you're happy wherever you are.congratulations mary harron, you've done our cult idol justice.

if this film strikes you (as it did us and, apparently, others departing the theater) as disappointingly thin, it may be because the subject herself is mildly disappointing. the film faithfully presents us bettie page as she probably was: a playful almost-innocent from the rural south whose career as "the pinup queen of the universe" was for her just goofy, natural fun. her eventual moral qualms, religious conversion and sudden departure from nude and bondage modeling are biographically accurate, yet hard to understand given how untroubled she seemed by her livelihood.there are many reasons to see this film even so, not least of which are the amazing b&w noir cinematography of w. mott hopfel iii (complete with old fashioned wipes and dissolves), the 1950's-faithful acting of the cast under the direction of mary harron, pitch-perfect performances by some of our most underrated supporting actors (including chris bauer, lili taylor, sarah paulson, austin pendleton, dallas roberts and victor slezak), not to mention the oscar-worthy and technically difficult lead performance of gretchen mol.ms. mol does several scenes fully naked and most others in amazing period lingerie and "specialty" costumes (gloriously assembled by costume designer john a. dunn), yet she astonishingly maintains bettie page's unstudied pleasure in her lush body. to watch ms. mol as ms. page, an aspiring actress, progressing through degrees of progressively less "bad" auditions and student acting scenes is to see a truly fine actress in complete control of her craft.the script does effectively bring us into 1950's america, where childhood sexual abuse, lawless abduction and rape, and the legal suppression of brands of pornography which today seem laughably tame, is a reality. 50's new york is evoked with seamlessly-inter cut news reel footage. 50's miami comes alive in super-saturated, 16mm-style color. the real bettie page seems to scamper, smile and pose before us, and yet the effect is curiously lightweight, barely lewd and not at all dangerous.how odd that bondage's greatest icon should be so lacking in venom, and that this technically excellent biopic should have so little sting.

although kurt russell was and is probably the closest person to look like elvis in show-business, so many things were false in this film. first of all, the makers claimed elvis opened his famous live shows in '69 after a 9 year hault for films by wearing a white jump-suit made in 1972. also they claimed he sang 'burning love' which he first sung in 1972 and 'the wonder of you' which he first recorded in 1970. they also claim that he got his first guitar for christmas when all elvis fans know he got it for his birthday. i know all movies based on past have something false but these things are so obvious to people who like elvis.

i have loved this movie since i first saw it in 1979. i'm still amazed at how accurately kurt russell portrays elvis, right down to how he moves and the expressions on his face. sometimes its scary how much he looks, acts, and talks like the real elvis. thankfully this is being released on dvd, so all of us that have been waiting can finally have an excellent quality version of the full length film. i have heard the detractors, who say that there are some inaccuracies, or some things left out, but i think that keeping in mind that john carpenter only had about 2 1/2 hours to work with, and that this was being shown on television (just two years after elvis's death!) that he did a fine job with this. in fact i haven't seen another elvis movie that even comes close to this one. highly recommended.

i remember watching this film a while ago and after seeing 3000 miles to graceland, it all came flooding back. why this hasn't had a video or dvd release yet? it's sacrilegious that this majesty of movie making has never been released while other rubbish has been. in fact this is the one john carpenter film that hasn't been released. in fact i haven't seen it on the tv either since the day i watched it. kurt russell was the perfect choice for the role of elvis. this is definitely a role he was born to play. john carpenter's break from horror brought this gem that i'd love the tv to play again. it is well acted and well performed as far as the singing goes. belting out most of elvis's greatest hits with gusto. i think this also was the film that formed the partnership with russell and carpenter which made them go on to make a number of great movies (escape from new york, the thing, big trouble in little china, and escape from l.a. someone has got to release this before someone does a remake or their own version of his life, which i feel would not only tarnish the king but also ruin the magic that this one has. if this doesn't get released then we are gonna be in heartbreak hotel.

this movie is one of those "wow!" movies. not because it's the greatest movie of all time, but because it surprised me. not only was it a t.v. movie, but it was on elvis. i can safely say as many impersonators as there are there was only one elvis, but i can also safely say that kurt russel came extremely close to being the real thing. it was one of the greatest impersonations that i have ever seen. he had me believing that it was really him. i learned a lot about elvis' life from watching this movie. and don't led the television part of it let you stray-it's actually a really fantastic film! and kurt russel could've been elvis' twin :)

kurt russell is elvis, plain and simple. his dedication to this role resulted in what i think, is the best movie bio ever. if you're an elvis fan, see it if you can.the made-for-television film was made two years after elvis' death.one piece of advice, there are two versions - one at 180 minutes and one at 117 minutes. the only one to watch is the longer one. the shorter one has more than one hour of footage edited out. it just does not work because the scenes in it are often dependent on the scenes that were cut.this masterpiece takes you from elvis childhood through his emergence as entertainment's greatest star. shelley winters and bing russell (kurt's real dad) are excellent as elvis' parents. and pat hingle delivers a very competent col. tom parker.long live the king!

kurt russell, whose career started when he kicked the real elvis in it happened at the world's fair, will probably never top his performance as the king in this biopic helmed by slash and shock meister carpenter. there are times you feel that you're watching elvis until something snaps you back to reality...perhaps memories of a hapless don johnson in elvis and the beauty queen? all the performances here are excellent: season hubley as priscilla, pat hingle as the colonel, even shelley winters brings the right level of nerves and hysteria to her rendering of momma presley.kurt's dad bing is here playing elvis' father vernon, and there's a fine understated performance from robert gray as elvis' buddy and bodyguard red west. a must see for rock n roll fans.

kurt russell's chameleon-like performance, coupled with john carpenter's flawless filmmaking, makes this one, without a doubt, one of the finest boob-tube bios ever aired. it holds up, too: the emotional foundation is strong enough that it'll never age; carpenter has preserved for posterity the power and ultimate poignancy of the life of the one and only king of rock and roll. (i'd been a borderline elvis fan most of my life, but it wasn't until i saw this mind-blowingly moving movie that i looked beyond the image at the man himself. it was quite a revelation.) elvis remains one of the top ten made-for-tv movies of all time.

i first saw this film when i was about 13. it blew me away then and in many respects it still does now. but i am less inclined to see it as an accurate historical piece now. there is precious little effort made to examine and interact with the racism - and thus fails to recognise that the most potent anti racism weapon is to understand it at its very core in those who commit it. what we get instead is a dichotomy - on the one side, beko and woods in 3d panoramic rainbow vision - on the other, two dimensional characters are portrayed as unapologetic unthinking evil.this all makes for a great film story, but it worries me that people see the portrayal as 'accurate'.

this movie is using cinematography fantastically, the depth of the camera catches each character. denzel washington and kevin kline put on awesome performances though washingtons accent does die in certain scenes. how is this movie laying forgotten? unable to rent nor hire in recent times it threatens to be lost forever. a worrying idea. attenborough at his best since ghandi, this master piece stands for what it should in movies such as these, no worrying about gaining audiences rather a cry for freedom in the south african apartheid.though critised for the biased nature, the movie is faithful to the book by donald woods and faithful to the message intended to express to the world. ta and peace

i was electrified when i first saw this in 1983 or 1984. steven biko is gone half way through the film but the resonance of his courage and wisdom is not forgotten. i didn't when finally in south africa in 1993. it is also largely a story about friendship and loyalty. when i was in south africa and heard the audience at a dance recital in natal sing nkosi sikelel' iafrika, my hair stood on its ends. there is a lot to learn from this story for all peoples.

i have just finished watching this film in my gcse history class. it was thrilling and was a brilliant insight to what actually happened to steve biko during the time of the apartheid law. how anybody can say that this film was the most boring or dull 2 and a half hours of their lives i don't know because it had me hooked from start to finish. it was great how denzel washington portrayed him and showed how he was fighting against the apartheid law and to get equal rights for black people. in one part steve biko says to a policeman we are just as weak and human as you are, this is to show them that he and all of the other black people in south africa were no different to the whites. donald woods inspired me because he fort for what he believed in and did not believe totally in apartheid. he and steve biko formed a very strong friendship that shook south africa and went on to awaken the world. i very much enjoyed this film and strongly recommend this to people. it helped me see that racism is not right and that everybody is equal, their fate should not be determined by the colour of somebody's skin. n

i keep watching this movie over and over and over. i have to watch it at least once a week. i am from africa and looking at that movie taught me some things that i didn't even know about africa. denzel's movies are all full of lessons for people of walks of life. i wish he was my own brother. i have also seen and love your masala mississipi. what a thrilling situation. when denzel was trying to hook his brother up on the job, reminds me of my teen ages when my brother was always mad with me about getting myself busy all the time. my brother was always caring for my old father and he wants to see me the same way too. by the way where did denzel get that african accent from in the cry freedom movie? i have first seen that movie in africa and i didn't know then that denzel was american till i moved down here.

i first watched this movie on its release in 1987 and was greatly affected emotionally, through a combination of guilt at what my fellow white human beings could do to innocent people and the reluctance of the outside world to really investigate these atrocities against man.particularly moving was the funeral of steve biko, made even more vivid and hard-hitting by the south african anthem played at the time. i have long believed that this movie achieved what nobody else had managed - to open the eyes of the world to what was really happening in south africa. i consider myself to be a normal right thinking person and i can attest to how this film changed my whole way of thinking about not just south africa, but how we as white people perceive black people. i have never seen any difference between people of any colour or creed, but after viewing this film i physically changed my life and have spent the last 17 years living in a predominantly black country and helping many people rise above their present standard of living and achieve that which they would not have thought possible. the greatest reward i can honestly say i have received - to be able to say that in my own small way i have contributed and redressed the balance a little. but if more people thought like me and actually did something to help black people without seeking reward then the entire black population of this planet would be a little better off.i challenge any right thinking person to watch cry freedom from beginning to end and not feel that emotion tugging at your heartstrings as you witness the 700 schoolchildren brutally shot dead in sharpville for refusing to learn afrikaans, the senseless murder of steve biko, such a champion for his own people's rights, and then, ultimately, to understand that all this is not merely a film, albeit a magnificent one, but that it all actually happened and less than 30 years ago.yes, my friends, watch this movie and then see if you can go out afterwards and party hard. i couldn't. i was too upset at knowing the truth. that is the hallmark of a great film. it was obviously the intention of sir richard attenborough to get this message over about south africa. of course he has achieved it. unless you happen to support apartheid. god help you.

"cry freedom" is not just a movie. it is a historical account, heroic story, and insight into the cultural background of a major event in history. not only does denzel washington do a terrific job of impersonating a motivating, determined hero, steve biko, but he delivers a message to the public about the horrors of south arfrican apartheid. the story of biko, an influential leader, and his main "influencee", donald woods, is a heartbreaking one. but, the ultimate success of his life can go beyond the atrocities committed in south africa. "cry freedom" manages to communicate to its audience the optimistic aspect of the seemingly disturbing plot. it is because of great films like this one, that the public can become educated on terrible events in history, great leaders who sought to end them, and how we can never allow them to happen in the future. because of this importance, "cry freedom" is an amazing film that should be seen by all.

the performance of every actor and actress (in the film) are excellently natural which is what movie acting should be; and the directing skill is so brilliantly handled on every details that i am never tired of seeing it over and over again. however, i am rather surprised to see that this film is not included in some of the actors' and director, attenborough's credits that puzzles me: aren't they proud of making a claim that they have made such excellent, long lasting film for the audience? i am hoping i would get some answers to my puzzles from some one (possibly one of the "knowledgeable" personnel (insider) of the film.

this is a film that everyone should watch. quite apart from raising hugely important points (while south africa is on the road to recovery there are still many countries in similar situations now), it is superbly directed while denzel washington gives, in my opinion, the best performance in his career so far. kline also gives a good performance, although perhaps not as stunning as washington's. john thaw also puts in a good turn as the chief of police.there are so many possible areas where a film on apartheid could fall down, but all of these have been avoided. it would be easy to simply portray white people as the bad guys and black people as the good guys, but attenborough has not done this. sure, there were some white characters who seemed inherently evil, such as the captain at the soweto uprising, but to add extra dimensions to all the characters would make the film unbearably long. some people complain about the length of the film as it is, but i think it needs the whole two and a half hours to tell the whole story, for it really is an incredible one.the best scene in the film is that of steve biko's funeral. when the whole crowd begins to sing the south african national anthem, it is probably one of, if not the most moving scenes i have seen.if you haven't seen this film already: watch it. it may not be comfortable viewing, but it's certainly worth it.

this film moved me beyond comprehension, it is and will remain my favourite film of all time, mainly because it has almost every emotion all rolled into its 157 minutes. what is the hardest part for me to take is that whenever i want to hear the amazing music and songs from the film, i have to put it into my dvd player, so i was wondering if anyone anywhere knows who sings the songs in the film and where they can be found, as i have looked everywhere i can think sporadically over the past 5 years. my favourite quote from the film is when in court the advocate says "but your own words ask for direct confrontation, isn't that a direct call for violence?" biko replies "well you and i are in confrontation now, but i see no violence!!"craig robertson fife, scotland

what is "cry freedom" like? it is simply great and unique experience about making of south africa and how black people in that country were repressed by white people. main character of the story is donald woods (kevin kline), chief editor of the newspaper daily dispatch in south africa. woods writes several articles, where he speaks critically about views of steve biko (denzel washington). soon woods meets biko and he changes his views about him and he also begins to understand what authorities are doing to black people in south africa (right from the top, even from the chief of police). when biko dies in police custody, woods decides that he have to write book about him and that no matter what he has to publish it. but woods must escape from his country to get that book published and he must also put his family on second place, so world can find out the truth.attenborough managed to make a good movie about people, with main message that black and white are the same, cause we are all people. story leads us to south africa and this (movie) is great way for the whole world to learn what happened in that land and i'm disappointed that only 3200 people rated this movie. this is movie from which we all can learn something. although it is a bit long, this story couldn't be presented in any shorter way because director wanted to show us how hard was for woods to get that book published after death of biko. also relationship between woods and biko was shown great, just like families of those two people and all the problems they are going through. but sometimes sacrifices must be made (biko's death) so the truth could be reveled (woods book).

steve biko was a black activist who tried to resist the white minority governed south africa in much the same way as gandhi tried to resist the british empire's colonialism in india. richard attenborough's film cry freedom is not about biko or apartheid as much as it is about donald woods, the white liberal newspaper editor who risked his life trying to tell biko's story. the film has a jarring point of view switch after biko dies in prison from tortuous behavior at the hands of south african "police". woods, played by kevin kline, must choose whether to do the right thing and flee the country to publish books about biko or allow his wife, played by penelope wilton, to pressure him into forgetting about the books. in that case, biko dies in vain. what begins as a life-changing friendship between biko and woods degenerates into a standard by the numbers escape over the border yarn after biko's death. oscar-nominated denzel washington is good in only his fourth film as biko, but something is wrong in a film that tries to depict the struggles of apartheid by focusing more on the trials of a white family for more than half the film. attenborough would have served his topic better by focusing on biko's rise to prominence instead of beginning where biko befriended woods. perhaps a black actor in a leading role in a 2 1/2 hour film wasn't exactly conducive to big box office, but the film was a tremendous box office flop anyway. film politics aside, the film still entertains and sends a message or two, albeit, in pg-sanitized fashion. *** of 4 stars.

a long film about a very important character from south africa, stephen biko. he is one of these blacks who did not survive apartheid, who actually died a long time before their normal time. the already old film though does not show how important biko was, what he really represented. his life and his teaching is reduced to little, at best a few witty remarks. the film being from 1987, the objective was to push south africa over the brink that would lead her to liberation. so the film aims at showing how irrational the south african supporters of apartheid are, in 1987. to show this the film has to look beyond biko's death, hence to center its discourse not on biko but on a white liberal journalist and his escaping the absurd system in which he is living. his escape is made necessary because of the victimization he is the victim of, along with his family, and because he wants to publish the first book on biko, after his death, and that can only happen in england. the film shows a way to escape south africa, while apartheid is still standing and killing. so do not expect this way to be realistic and true. it could not be. but the film has tremendously aged because it does not show south africa with any historical distantiation, the very distantiation that has taken place under nelson mandela's presidency and that is called forgiveness provided those who want to be forgiven speak up and out. the film is strong and emotional but that very historical limit makes it rather weak today, especially since the film does not mention the third racial community, the indians. panegyric books or films all have that defect: they are looking at the person they are supposed to portrait from only one point of view. that explains why the film has aged so much, seems to be coming from so long ago, as if nothing had changed at all. a remake is necessary.dr jacques coulardeau, university paris 1 pantheon sorbonne, university versailles saint quentin en yvelines, cegid

it's a shame that this piece of work wasn't acknowledged as a piece of work. it has everything a historical film must have: a serious historical research, outstanding performances of every actor involved and a discrete but great direction.when i saw the movie i knew it should be a prototype for every biographical movie.

this is an absolutely incredible film. it shows south african racism from the perspective of the victims, and provokes a feeling of anti-racism in everyone who sees it. it is the best historic film i have ever seen.

'cry freedom' is a movie about how far people will go to find the truth.the first half is an interesting portrayal of an unlikely friendship between activist steve biko and editor don woods (played fanatically by dezel washington and kevin klein). while the second half deals with woods looking for answers on biko's death.although most people favor the first half of the movie which focuses on the unlikely friendship between biko and woods'. i found the second half about don woods struggle to have biko's story be heard around the world much more interesting.

richard attenborough is a director whose name is synonymous with the academy award winning 'gandhi', back in '83. i didn't know of any other work of his till i recently came across 'cry freedom', released back in 1987. while it may not have been as popular as his gandhi, it is every bit as gripping, if not more, and was released when south africa still had not got rid of the shackles of apartheid. while most movies on social issues come out after the event had happened, i guess this one released during the time.the story is based on real life characters and events. the book on which the movie was based, was written by donald woods (kevin kline), a journalist who used to work in south africa until the end of the seventies. it traces the origins of woods friendship with the charismatic black leader steve biko, who is wonderfully portrayed by denzel washington. i cannot imagine a better choice for the role. washington exudes a natural charm and screen presence, which biko's character required.while initially, woods was against what he felt was black racism being spread by biko, after meeting the man, he could not help being drawn into his struggles and ideas. the bond between them grows stronger, and woods and his family realise and become more sensitive to the plight of the people biko represents.however, finally, tragedy strikes, and woods must now concentrate on escaping from south africa, with his book, so that he can get it published and let the outside world know what is going on. the second half of the movie is a gripping tale of his escape from south africa, along with his family, and will keep you on tenterhooks.there are some deliciously humorous dialogues too. the scene between biko and the lawyer in the courtroom is an example.lawyer: do you advocate violence? biko: i advocate a confrontation. lawyer: well, isn't that violence, mr. biko? biko: not necessarily. you and i are having a confrontation now, but i don't see any violence.however, there are moments that bring you back to the horrors that pervaded the country before better sense prevailed. the scene where the army opens fire on a protest by school children is gut wrenching and heartbreaking.this is definitely a must watch. i would suggest those not familiar with attenborough's work, do take time out for this. there are movies which make a lot of money. and there are movies which make lives. i would any day prefer the latter.

what a brilliant film. i will admit it is very ambitious, with the subject matter. at a little over two and a half hours, it is a very long film too. but neither of these pointers are flaws in any way. cry freedom, despite the minor flaws it may have, is a powerful, moving and compelling film about the story of the black activist steve biko in his struggles to awaken south africa to the horrors of the apartheid. it is true, that the first half is stronger than the second in terms of emotional impact. people have also complained that the film suffers from too much woods not enough biko. i may be wrong, but although it is biko's story, it is told in the perspective of woods, so woods is an important character in conveying biko's story to the world.cry freedom visually looks amazing. with the show-stopping cinematography and the stunning south african scenery it was a visual feast. the opening scenes especially were brilliantly shot. george fenton's music brought real dramatic weight to most scenes. it was subtle in scenes in the second half, but stirring and dramatic in the crowd scenes. the script was of exceptional quality, the courtroom scenes with biko were enough to really make you think wow this is real quality stuff. the first half with biko as the main focus constantly had something to feel emotional about, whether it was the police's attack of the south african citizens or biko's death. the second half entirely about donald woods carries less of an emotional punch, but is compensated by how it is shot, performed and written. and there are parts that are genuinely suspenseful as well. the performances were exceptional from the entire cast, from the most minor character to the two leads, there wasn't a single bad performance. regardless of the accents that is, but it is forgiven so easily by how much the performances draw you in. denzel washington in one of his more understated performances, gives a truly compelling performance as biko, and kevin kline shows that he can be as good at drama as he is at comedy, for he gave a suitably subtle performance to match that of washington's. and the two men's chemistry is believable and never strikes a false note. penelope wilton is lovely as donald's wife wendy, and she is a great actress anyway. out the supporting performances, and there may be some bias, two stood out for me. one was timothy west, who relishes his role as captain dewet. the other was the ever exceptional john thaw in a brilliantly chilling cameo-role as kruger. lord richard attenborough's direction is focused and constantly sensitive as usual.overall, a truly wonderful film. ambitious and long it is, but never ceases to be compelling, powerful and achingly moving. a definite winner from lord richard attenborough, and worthy of a lot more praise. 10/10 bethany cox

i think the context of the story has been covered by other posters so i would just like to write about the impact this film had on me.i first saw this film the year of it's release around 1987. my school organised a trip to the cinema to see it, for an re project i think. we all went along of course excited because we were on a school trip to the cinema! little did we know what we were about to experience. to this day i still remember the feelings it invoked in me and i remembered crying a lot as were most of my friends. i think at the age we were we found it shocking and quiet rightly outraged in our own youthful way .it had such an impact on me that i joined the anti apartheid movement the same year.i think it served it's purpose in my case.

what a movie! i never imagined richard attenborough could have such a movie in him. gandhi has always left me indifferent, apart from ben kingsley's performance, and i never considered attenborough a particularly good filmmaker. but cry freedom held my interest like few movies have in recent times. it's an exciting, mesmerizing political movie with great performances by kevin kline and a young denzel washington.kline plays donald woods, a south africa newspaper editor who befriends the civil rights activist steve biko. it starts as a difficult friendship, for woods sees biko as a black supremacist preaching hatred against whites. but biko, with his kind words, upbeat attitude and complete transparency, wins over woods and introduces him to a reality about apartheid that woods knew nothing about.biko is a decent, law-abiding citizen who altruistically stands up against all prejudice and the system that keeps down his people. one night, coming from an illegal meeting, he's arrested and beaten to death. the authorities try to hush up the matter because biko has become a huge personality in south africa. but through the efforts of woods the truth comes out. but what should be a triumph only becomes a nightmare as woods and his family become targets for the secret police.this movie has an interesting structure. it has in fact two narratives: first it narrates the life and death of biko. it's an amazing first half, completely dominated by the charisma of washington in what may be his greatest performance yet.the second half, no less interesting, narrates woods attempt to escape from south africa to publish a book about biko. woods has become an enemy of state, a banned person, which means he can't meet people or leave his country. plus he's constantly spied by the police. kevin kline gives a great performance in this second half too.although the first half is quite straightforward, the second does interesting things with editing, by giving flashbacks of biko and of events that show the repression against the black south africans. some may argue this is to make it more interesting, but for me the second half just as captivating, as woods and his family devise a bold plan to escape south africa.the last minutes were so heartbreaking i was in tears. george fenton and jonas gwangwa's score certainly had something to do with it. although i've never been much of a fan of fenton (cannot stand his gandhi score), i do think the score for cry freedom is one of the most beautiful ever composed for cinema. the movie, thanks to the music married to the powerful images, at times reached incredible peaks of emotion.cry freedom is definitely not a movie just to watch because of denzel washington. this is a movie to be cherished in its entirety. acting, writing, music, editing, cinematography come together in a perfect synthesis to create an ode to the power of the human spirit. this movie deserve a place alongside movies like the pianist, life is beautiful and the shawshank redemption.

"the true story of the friendship that shook south africa and awakened the world." richard attenborough, who directed "a bridge too far" and "gandhi", wanted to bring the story of steve biko to life, and the journey and trouble that journalist donald woods went through in order to get his story told. the films uses wood's two books for it's information and basis - "biko" and "asking for trouble".the film takes place in the late 1970's, in south africa. south africa is in the grip of the terrible apartheid, which keeps the blacks separated from the whites and classifies the whites as the superior race. the blacks are forced to live in shantytowns on the outskirts of the cities and towns, and they come under frequent harassment by the police and the army. we are shown a dawn raid on a shantytown, as bulldozers and armed police force their way through the camp beating and even killing the inhabitants. then we are introduced to donald woods (kevin kline), who is the editor of a popular newspaper. after publishing a negative story about black activist steve biko (denzel washington), woods goes to meet with him. the two are wary of each other at first, but they soon become good friends and biko shows the horrors of the apartheid system from a black persons point of view to woods. this encourages woods to speak out against what's happening around him, and makes him desperate to bring steve biko's story out of the clutches of the white man's south africa and to the world. soon, steve biko is arrested and is killed in prison. now woods and his family are daring to escape from south africa to england, where woods can publish his book about steve biko and the apartheid.when i first heard of "cry freedom", i was under the impression that it was a movie completely dedicated to the life of steve biko. i had never actually heard of steve biko before i seen this film, as the events in this film were really before my time. but it's more about the story of donald woods and his journey across the border into lesotho as he tried to elude the south african officials. woods was put on a five year type house arrest after steve biko was killed. so in order to publish his manuscript on steve biko, he had to escape. because the manuscript would be considered treason in south africa and that could have resulted in woods meeting a fate similar to that of biko's. the real donald woods and his wife acted as consultants to this film.denzel washington is only in the film for the first hour, and i was disappointed with that as i was expecting to see him for the entire movie. but he was amazing as steve biko, and captured his personality from what i've read really well and his accent sounded perfect. his performance earned him an oscar nomination for best supporting actor. kevin kline delivers a excellent and thought-evoking performance as donald woods, and penelope wilton is excellent as his wife wendy.filming took place in zimbabwe, as needless to say problems arose when they tried to film it in south africa. while in south africa, the south african gestapo followed the film crew everywhere, so they got the bad vibes and they pulled out and went to neighbouring zimbabwe instead. despite everything, and the fact that the apartheid didn't end 'til seven years later, "cry freedom" wasn't banned in south africa. but cinemas showing the movie received bomb threats.richard attenborough brings the horrors of the apartheid to the screen with extreme force and determination. he doesn't hold back at the end of the movie when showing what was supposed to be a peaceful protest by students in a shantytown, turns into a massacre when police open fire on them. the film ends with the names of all the anti-apartheid movers who died in prison, and the explanations for their deaths. many had "no explanation". quite a few were "epilepsy", which is hard to believe, and many more either fell from the top of the stairs or were "suicide from hanging". no one will ever know what really happened to them, but i think it's fair to say that none of these men died at their own hands, but at the hands of others; or to be more precise, at the hands of the police. "cry freedom" is a must-see movie for it's portrayal and story of steve biko. it's also a searing and devastating portrayal of a beautiful land divided and in the hellish grips of racial segregation and violence.

very rarely does denzil washington make a bad movie and come to think of it that goes for kevin kline and in this case , this must count as one of their best films. it is more about of film about how strong friendship can more than the story of steve biko although we do get an insight into what the man was like and how far the reporter and friend donald woods went to preserve the mans name and let the world know what a corrupt , putrid society south africa was. the direction is outstanding from david attenborough as it was for gandhi although if there is any critisism to be aimed it could be at the length of the film. two and a half hours is a long time to sit through a historic movie .what is amazing is how he manages to control all the extras. thousands of people in both films. this film really does open your eyes to what happened before the break up of aparthiet and you cannot fail to moved by it. 8 out of 10.

it's sad to view this film now that we know how the anc got shafted by international capitalism. biko died for nothing much. woods achieved little. yes, outright apartheid was abolished, but all the apparatus of power was reserved by the minority whites, leaving the anc government more or less impotent. as naomi klein writes in the shock doctrine, in the talks between the black and white leaderships "the deklerk government had a twofold strategy. first drawing on the ascendant washington consensus that there was no only one way to run an economy, it portrayed key sectors of economic decision making --- such as trade policy and the central bank --- as "technical" or "adminsitrative". then it used a wide range of new policy tools --- international trade agreements, innovations in constitutional law and structural adjustment programs --- to hand control of those power centres to supposedly impartial experts, economists and officials from the imf, the world bank, the gatt and the national party --- anyone except the liberation fighters from the anc." the statistical results are horrifying, with not much change accomplished, and aids flourishing. viewing cry freedom in this light is deeply ironic --- actually tragic. the anc has transformed itself from being the solution to being the primary problem.

an overlong, but compelling retelling of the friendship between civil rights leader steve biko and donald woods. the first half of the film is the strongest where we see the bond formed between the two men, and how they help each other out, but the second half isn't as strong, due to the elimination of the biko character. still, its a compelling film with great performances by kline and washington, in the film that put the latter on the map. washington was also was nominated for best supporting actor for the first time. overall, a well made film that could have been trimmed down a bit. 7/10.____________________________________

as anyone old enough knows, south africa long suffered under the vile, racist oppression of apartheid, which completely subjugated the black population. one of the most famous anti-apartheid activists was steve biko, who was murdered in jail. following the murder, reporter donald woods sought to get biko's message out to the world.in "cry freedom", woods (kevin kline) befriends biko (denzel washington) before the latter is arrested on trumped up charges. when woods attempts to spread biko's word, he and his family begin living under threat of attack, and they are finally forced to flee the country. the last scene gut-wrenchingly shows police firing on protesters.as one of two movies (along with "a world apart") that helped galvanize the anti-apartheid movement, "cry freedom" stands out as possibly the best ever work for all involved.

cry freedom is an excellent primer for those wanting an overview of apartheid's cruelty in just a couple of hours. famed director richard attenborough (gandhi) is certainly no stranger to the genre, and the collaboration of the real-life mr. and mrs. woods, the main white characters in their book and in this film, lends further authenticity to cry freedom. the video now in release actually runs a little over 2 and a half hours since 23 minutes of extra footage was inserted to make it a two part tv miniseries after the film's initial theatrical release. while the added length serves to heighten the film's forgivable flaws: uneven character development and blanket stereotyping in particular, another possible flaw (the insistence on the white characters' fate over that of the african ones) may work out as a strength. viewing crying freedom as a politically and historically educational film (as i think it should, over its artistic merits), the story is one which black africans know only too well, though the younger generation may now need to see it on film for full impact. it is the whites who have always been the film's and the book's target audience, hopefully driving them to change. now twelve years after the movie's production, cry freedom is in many ways a more interesting film to watch. almost ten years after black majority rule has been at least theorically in place, 1987's cry freedom's ideals remain by and large unrealized. it therefore remains as imperative as ever for white south africans, particularly the younger ones who have only heard of these actions to see it, and absorb the film's messages. in total contrast to american slavery and the jewish holocaust's exposure, south africans' struggles have been told by a mere two or three stories: cry freedom, cry the beloved country (ok, count it twice if you include the remake), and sarafina (did i miss one?). all three dramas also clumsily feature american and british actors in both the white and black roles. not one south african actor has played a major role, white, coloured, indian or black!). and yes i did miss another international south african drama, mandela and deklerk. though this (also highly recommended) biopic was released after black majority rule was instituted, mandela was played by a black american (sidney poitier, who also starred in the original s.a.-themed cry the beloved country), while the afrikaner deklerk was played by a (bald) very british michael caine, a good performance if you can dismiss that the very essence of afrikanerdom is vehement anti-british feelings. until local sabc tv and african films start dealing with their own legacy, cry freedom is about as authentic as you'll get. as villified as the whites (particularly the afrikaners) are portrayed in the film, any observant (non-casual) visitor to south africa even now in 1999, not to mention 1977 when cry freedom takes place, will generally find white's attitudes towards blacks restrained, even understated. looking at cry freedom in hindsight, it is amazing that reconciliation can take place at all, and it is. but cry freedom at time shows not much has really changed in many people's minds yet, and that the black africans' goal to freedom and reconciliation is still ongoing. this is why if you're a novice to the situation, cry freedom, is your best introduction.

billed as the story of steve biko -- played excellently by denzel washington, as you'd expect -- this was actually more the story of donald woods, played by kevin kline.this was undoubtedly the making of kline as a serious actor, and he was surprisingly good in the role.attenborough gave this the sort of direction you'd expect, and the often spectacular scenes of the masses were those of the sort that only he can get across.the remainder of the cast was competent enough and did a good job, in what ends up as an ultimately sad tale of a south africa that is still nowhere near the distant past.

this film is, quite simply, brilliant. the cinematography is good, the acting superb and the story absolutely breathtaking. this is the story of donald woods, a white south african who thought himself a liberal until he found out the reality of apartheid. kevin kline is completely convincing - so much so that when donald woods himself appeared on tv some years later, i recognised him from kline's portrayal. denzel washington also turns in a masterful performance, as ever.i urge you to watch this. it is long, but it is worth your patience because it tells such an incredible story. remember, folks, this really happened.

i show this film to university students in speech and media law because its lessons are timeless: why speaking out against injustice is important and can bring about the changes sought by the oppressed. why freedom of the press and freedom of speech are essential to democracy. this is a must-see story of how apartheid was brought to the attention of the world through the activism of steven biko and the journalism of donald woods. it also gives an important lesson of free speech: "you can blow out a candle, but you can't blow out a fire. once the flame begins to catch, the wind will blow it higher." (from biko by peter gabriel, on shaking the tree).

i truly enjoyed the movie, however, i did not realize that little richard had so many things going on in his life. first of all i was not aware of lucille. there is very little (hardly any) mention of females being intimately involved with little richard. even in his life today there is no mention of any involvement of females in a romantic way. i wonder why this part of his life was not mentioned. overall the movie was great. i also did not like leon playing the part of little richard, he is a good actor but i feel that the part of should have went to a different actor. visually he did not remind me of little richard. i also was totally unaware of the promiscuity that little richard was a part of. from the movie he was pictured as a sexual addict. in todays time he would be referred to counseling for his sexual addition. he was a voyeur. i don't want to ruin the movie for someone that has not seen the movie however there were several things about the movie that i feel should not have been a part of the final cut.

actually they could not have chosen a better diversified actor to portray little richard than leon. he captures little richard to a most believable essence. the outfits where wonderful and any person watching this movie will definitely keep a smile on their face through the entire movie. although the movie is a little long, it keeps your attention with the personality and outfits of little richard in mind. the ending should have taken a direction of moving little richard more into the present where you could see him as he has aged into this new millennium. he will always be the king of rock-n-roll as far as i am concerned regardless of what the other media says.

tressa's vocal performance was outstanding!! tressa played the female singer role, while richard was in the club. when she first step out on stage, and started to riff and strut her stuff, it made my soul shake. her voice is platinum. she needs to make a cd. she has more fans then she realizes. i loved her show stopping performance in the five heart beats, which she also starred with leon when she was younger. how can a little girl have a voice so big. she is truly amazing.good voice good good good good voice voice voice voice excellent voice fantastic voice , back shaking , tear crying , uplifting, take you back in the days voice. tressa if you read this commit, please take my advice and start recording a cd. if not just for the love of singing, but for your fans. i believe you can truly make it. look at these other one hit single studio singers, lol.

it is fitting on a musical sunday to get your heart a pumping, and no one can do that better than little richard. the man could sing the drawers off the ladies and defined rock and roll.look to leon to provide a definitive characterization, as he has done so with david ruffin in the temptations and jackie wilson in mr. rock 'n' roll: the alan freed story.this was a fascinating biopic as we saw little richard struggle with his father, with his church and with himself over just who he was. he won the battle and there is no one else that has his voice or his style.

it is always a nice suprise when a film made for tv turns out to be entertaining such as little richard. this is a very watchable film about the story of rock and roller ,little richard played by an actor called leon who i have never seen before but does an very good job. as most tv films , this is a little tamer than if made for cinema which is a shame because i am sure there is lot we could have seen about little richard that was controversial. instead we see a lot religous rubbish which is the only thing that spoils the film and eventually spoilt a very promising career. all in all this film is good and the acting is above average fot a tv film. 7 out of 10.

leon was fantastic as always, this time playing little richard in his early years. the movie showed a fully fleshed out little richard without neglecting to fill the show with lots of great music. my only complaint is that the ending was a little abrupt - i was hoping for a 2-parter!

i really liked this movie, it was good, and the actors were brilliant! leon robinson, who played richard, and many other classic singers, is very good at his job, when you see him in a musical movie, you know that it is going to be good! i would suggest that people watch this heart warming, sad, and special movie, if they want to know more about richard! outstanding! fresh!

the life and time of little richard, as told by little richard, as produced and directed by little richard, was about as one sided as one of his songs. this is not a biography or even a docudrama, but does have good writing, great energy and an outstanding leading actor playing richard. all the music is by little richard, so it rocks a tight lipsync on every song.the movie covers his early childhood, carrys thru the formative years in music, the wild success and richard's throwing it all away to praise the lord. its all tied together well and the obvious comeback in 1962 manages to stay away from the idea that little richard discovered the beatles, whom opened for him.my main objection is that his outrageous, counter cultural behavior is underplayed and you get no feel for how his audience experienced him at that time. some of his energy, which he still has, does not come across full force. he seemed tame, compared to what i remember of him at the time.the best scenes are richard getting jilted by lucille and writing a song about it and the strip to bikini shorts while performing, to make the point about not having a decent place to change.if they had gotten into the "bronze liberace" as richard use to refer to himself in interviews, then there's a story. trust me i just saw him perform a couple of months ago and he still flirts with the pretty white boys, giving the one particularly good dancer in the audience, his headband. nearly 68 and still going strong i recommend this movie and any concert or t.v. appearance you can find. little richard is always on

gentleman jim is another case of print the legend, with errol flynn playing the legendary boxer as a brash but charismatic social climber in a rollicking entertainment that barely stops for breath. it's as pointless looking for historical accuracy here as it is in flynn's the charge of the light brigade - this is sheer hokum with all the stops pulled out, filmed on a surprisingly lavish scale and given a real sense of energy by raoul walsh's vivid direction. flynn is still at the height of his powers (you'd never guess he suffered a mild heart attack during the production), with alexis smith a beautiful romantic sparring partner and perpetual sidekick alan hale along for good measure, this time as flynn's father (jack carson takes sidekick duties this time). indeed, even the pirate galleon from flynn's earlier movies makes a somewhat out-of-place cameo in a dockside bout! the 103 minutes just breeze by.

i meant that in a good way, believe me. true to life, it ain't. the whole oirish thing gets kinda thick, but you do enjoy the cast here-flynn, smith, bond, watson, frawley, etc. all good. i also liked seeing mike mazurki-of course he played a boxer, what else? typical forties flick teeming w/ familiar faces and fast paced scenes, one after the other.flynn is fine as gentleman jim, you never get past a 1 dimensional look at him or the rest here, i suppose, but it's okay, it's a cartoon and meant to please, that's all. the boxing scenes were pretty good, ward bond's vaudeville logging act a riot, and you hadda like seeing all those billyclub wielding bobbies come racing into the scene a couple of times.really alotta fun, flynn was on a roll at that time and it's clear to see why audiences loved him.*** outta ****

errol flynn had one of his favorite roles as the brash braggart from a fighting irish family who went on to become the heavyweight champion of the world at a time when john l. sullivan (ward bond) went around claiming that he "could beat any man alive." both flynn and ward bond give what is probably among the best performances they ever gave on screen.raoul walsh has directed the colorful tale with robust style, capturing the family life as well with scenes that are warm-hearted and full of good humor. all the warner contract players make up the fine cast--including the always reliable alan hale as flynn's rambunctious father, proud of his son's fighting abilities, and alexis smith who makes the most of her role as a feisty society girl who enjoys taking flynn down a peg with saucy one-liners dealing with his conceited manners.all of the 1880s atmosphere is captured in glorious b&w, although it's too bad warners didn't have more faith in flynn to do the film in color. he was entering a rocky phase of his film career at the time, engaged in a widely publicized rape trial that had all of the tabloids busy sorting things out.the fighting scenes are among the best ever choreographed for the screen, with flynn obviously in fine form and making very little use of doubles for most of the action. and the scene where bond turns over his award plaque to flynn at a social gathering is one of ward's finest moments in a long career as a character actor.summing up: maintains interest all the way through, whether you're a sports fan or not.

director raoul walsh was like the michael bay of the '40's and years before that. and i mean that in a positive way, since i'm definitely ain't no bay-hater. his movies are just simple high quality entertainment, just like the raoul walsh movies were in his days."gentleman jim" is fine quality entertainment. besides a first class director, it also features a first grade cast, with raoul walsh's regular leading man errol flynn in the main part.what surprised me was how well the boxing matches were brought to the screen. they used some very dynamic camera-work, which also really made the boxing matches uplifting and exciting to watch, with the end championship fight against john l. sullivan as the ultimate highlight. biopics of the '40's and earlier on were obviously still very much different from biographies being made this present day. modern biographies often glorify its main subject and show his/her life from basically birth till death and everything, mostly emotional aspects, in between. 'old' biopics were just made the same as movies that weren't based on actual real life persons, which also means that the film-makers would often use a use amount of creative liberty with the main character's personality and events that happened in his/her life. this movie is also not just a biography about a boxing legend but also forms a nice portrayal from the period when illegal bare knuckle fighting entered the modern era of boxing.errol flynn does a great job portraying the real life famous boxer james j. corbett aka gentleman jim. not too many people known it but flynn did some real good acting jobs in the '40's, of which this movie is one. fysicaly he also looks in top-shape. he also looks quite different by the way without his trademark small mustache in this movie. the movie also features some fine supporting actors and some fine acting throughout.a great and entertaining movie that also still truly holds up real well today.8/10

errol flynn is "gentleman jim" in this 1942 film about boxer jim corbett, known as the man who beat john l. sullivan. directed with a light hand by flynn's good friend, raoul walsh, the film also stars alexis smith, jack carson, alan hale sr., william frawley and ward bond. flynn plays an ambitious, egotistical young man who has a natural talent for boxing and is sponsored by the exclusive olympic club in san francisco in the late 1800s. though good-natured, the fact that he is a "shanty irishman" and a social climber builds resentment in olympic club members; most of them can't wait to see him lose a fight, and they bet against him. despite this, he rises to fame, even working as an actor. finally he gets the chance he's been waiting for, a match with the world champion, john l. sullivan (ward bond). sullivan demands a $10,000 deposit to insure that corbett will appear to fight for the $25,000 purse. corbett and his manager (frawley) despair of getting the money. however, help comes in the form of a very unlikely individual.this is a very entertaining film, and jim corbett is an excellent role for flynn, who himself was a professional fighter at one time. he has the requisite charm, good looks and athleticism for the role. alexis smith plays victoria ware, his romantic interest who insists that she hates him. in real life, she doesn't seem to have existed; corbett was married to olive lake morris from 1886 to 1895.the focus of the film is on corbett and his career rather than the history of boxing. corbett used scientific techniques and innovation and is thought of as the man who made prizefighting an art form. in the film, corbett is fleet of foot and avoids being hit by his opponents; it is believed that he wore down john l. sullivan this way.good film to catch flynn at the height of his too-short time as a superstar.

in late 1800s san francisco, poor well-dressed errol flynn (as james j. corbett) works at a bank, and enjoys attending local "fights" (boxing) with co-worker and drinking buddy jack carson (as walter lowrie). one day, pretty alexis smith (as victoria ware) walks into the "comstock bank", where mr. flynn works. flynn is so taken with ms. smith's elegant beauty, he offers to carry her withdrawal purse. smith is secretly taken with the handsome flynn, but is put off by his brashness.flynn's good deed (actually, pick-up attempt) gets him a complimentary membership in the snooty "olympic club", which conveniently includes a gymnasium (with boxing equipment). however, flynn's presumptuous manner, and practical joking (he tickles men on the parallel bars) irritates "club" members. when an english boxing champ visits the club, members endeavor to get flynn to fight the man. they are hopeful flynn will resign, humiliated by his defeat - but, flynn wins! first time producer robert buckner puts together a nice package for warner brothers, and director raoul walsh. mr. buckner was, certainly, basking in the success of his contribution (screenplay) to the studio's brilliant "yankee doodle dandy". unfortunately, this story is positively ludicrous. there was a "gentleman jim" - this story is supposedly the filming of the real james j. corbett's autobiography "the roar of the crowd" - but, this movie must be significantly fictionalized.flynn is a very appealing leading man; he maneuvers the script lightly, and should have been recognized, by the early 1940s, as an excellent actor. many of flynn's characterizations were (are?) overlooked as great performances, and this is one of them. smith does well as his feminine interest, deftly transmitting her emotions for the viewer. director walsh makes the silliness look smooth and extravagant. the supporting cast is a treasure trove, from boisterous alan hale (as pat corbett) to walk-on lon mccallister ("paging mr. corbett").******** gentleman jim (1942) raoul walsh ~ errol flynn, alexis smith, alan hale

excellent warner bros effort starring errol flynn in one of his best screen performances. it's often cited as his best, and i can't really judge fully until i have seen his "dawn patrol". however, his work in "they died with their boots on" takes some beating. i'm a big flynn fan (he's my favourite actor after james mason--it also helps that he's an aussie) and i think he's just marvellous, a great screen presence and also a great actor. he is the centrepiece of "gentleman jim" as the legendary boxer with the fancy footwork, but he is also backed up by a literate, warm and funny script, and raoul walsh's direction. every walsh film i have seen never loses a beat of it's pace, he truly was a born film-maker. walsh directs the ring scenes beautifully, as he does with the lighter moments and that poignant, great final scene between ward bord and flynn. add to that great production values (the "gay nineties" never looked better!) and a lovely supporting cast and it's pretty much perfect entertainment. alan hale usually played flynn's sidekick, but here is his father, and it still all works. alexis smith is flynn's love interest. the pair are head over heels in love with fighting with each other.

just to mention one more thing about gentleman jim. i agree with all the assessments that make this among errol flynn's greatest outings in a career of great outings. i would think this role playing boxer jim corbett is more like his real personality than the swashbucklers he was typecast as. flynn seemed like a party animal from his memoirs and was one guy whose real life was more exciting than his screen life. the extra thing i wanted to point out is notice the great montages, transitions, and still inserts that punctuate the film. although the director was raoul walsh, a frequent collaborator with flynn, with cinematographer sid hickox, the montages were made up by an up and coming editor named don siegel. i never knew siegel went that far back but he's listed right in the credits. he would go on to a great career as action director himself.

errol flynn's greatest movie, not just a sports movie with a wonder last 5 minutes where ward bond shines. don't miss it just because you think its an old movie. its a classic that could be easily missed. do yourself a favour and don't.

james j. corbett, heavyweight champion of the world from 1892 to 1897, turned out to be errol flynn's favorite role. possibly because he didn't have to wield a sword or be in a western. he grew tired of the swashbucklers and he said in his autobiography that he felt he was miscast in westerns and couldn't understand why people liked him in them. it is an enjoyable film, but hardly does tell the real story of james j. corbett.as portrayed corbett was the first scientific boxer to win in the heavyweight division, a man who used brains and speed more than brute strength to win. he defeated john l. sullivan and lost to bob fitzsimmons the heavyweight crown. he was also a compulsive womanizer and in that was a lot like the man portraying him. of course that was not shown on the screen. the character that alexis smith plays, the banker's daughter who falls for him, has no basis in reality. corbett was in fact married twice and was flagrantly unfaithful with both of his wives.also though after he lost his title and after the events of this film are concluded he suffered a great personal tragedy. his father in a moment of depression, probably over finances because he lost heavily betting on his son to beat bob fitzsimmons, shot his mother and then turned the gun on himself. the murder/suicide hardly squares with the happy clan that alan hale presided over.one thing though that i did like about gentleman jim. ward bond got the career role of his life in playing john l. sullivan. director raoul walsh got a great performance out of bond as the blustering, but lovable sullivan. even given some of sullivan's bad points that don't make it to the screen like rabid racism, bond's portrayal is the quintessential john l. and the best thing about gentleman jim.speaking of racism, one thing that should have been told was the fact that sullivan while champion refused on grounds of race to meet peter jackson who was black and from australia and probably the best heavyweight of his time. i say probably because as a challenger corbett met him and fought him for 61 rounds to a draw. that fight more than any other created a demand for a sullivan-corbett title match. of course when corbett was champion he refused to give jackson a title shot. maybe he didn't want another 61 round marathon with someone who may have been better on that particular day.gentleman jim is not jim corbett's story, it is a movie of errol flynn playing at being james j. corbett. but corbett had he been alive in 1942 no doubt would have loved the movie and loved flynn's portrayal of his life. it's as he would have liked to have been remembered.

if you are looking for a definitive biography of the life of boxer james corbett, then this is probably not the film for you. the famed boxer receives a 1940s "hollywood-ization" of his life--making the story far more entertaining and engaging than real life. however, because the performances were so good (particularly by errol flynn) and the script so likable, the film's embellishments can be forgiven.errol flynn plays gay nineties-era boxer james "gentleman jim" corbett--a man who became world boxing champ in 1892. the film goes from his rather humble beginnings and follows his through his career through him winning the title match against john l. sullivan. however, while it could have focused mostly on the matches, most are rather brief in the film (except for the final title match) and the emphasis is on corbett's brash personality as well as his relationship with the lady played by alexis smith. throughout the film, there is excellent supporting work done by a cast of wonderful supporting actors (such as the perennial supporting actor in flynn films, alan hale) and the writing really helped bring these people alive.what is particularly nice about the film is seeing the athleticism of flynn as a boxer. while a few of the shots are of doubles, almost all the boxing scenes are of flynn and he did a convincing job as a pugilist. this was a nice departure for flynn, who generally played "pretty boy" roles or swashbucklers and this shows just how tough a character he was. to find out more about this, try reading a biography of him--he was quite the rough and tumble character before coming to hollywood.now as for the real james corbett, read on if you aren't afraid of finding out how the movie isn't accurate. first, corbett was not a poor guy coming from a poor family, but was college educated and bright. second, while he did get alexis smith at the end of the film, they also divorced a few years later. third, the wonderfully touching final scene of the film between sullivan and corbett was probably the best part of the film, sullivan was a jerk and this never could have happened--in reality, sullivan was more the egomaniac and corbett was not the fat-headed guy they portrayed in the film--though it made for a lovely film.

this is one of the greatest sports movies ever made by hollywood. what a wonderful story about one of the great sports figures of american history. what makes the story of james j. corbett especially interesting is that mr. corbett introduced the style of boxing that continues to this day. in that respect james j. corbett was truly innovated. but getting back to the movie, all the performances were excellent. alexis smith was beautiful. indeed, she looked like nicole kidman. and although it's a period piece, the story withstands the test of time; it has not gone stale. ward bond's portrayal of john l. sullivan has to be one of the great portrayals of an actual sports figure in the history of movies and the boxing scenes are realistic, well-staged and highly effective. that coupled with a great script makes this movie a must.

i consider myself a bit of a connoisseur of boxing movies and as such there is only one thing that prevents me from calling "gentleman jim" the best boxing movie ever made. that is the robert wise/paul newman flick "somebody up there likes me." that movie might be number 1, but "gentleman jim" is a close number 2.the movie doesn't just chronicle the rise of james j. corbett, it also shows the sport of boxing at a crucial time of transition. in the late 1800s boxing was moving away from the brutal days of bare-knuckle rules to the more "gentlemanly" days of the gloved, marquis of queensbury rules. and the sport was moving away from the days when it was an illegal spectacle and towards a time of acceptance and respectability."gentleman jim" is not a realistic look at those days. it is romanticized and, yes, even a bit hokey at times. but always delightfully so. errol flynn is perfect as the "gentleman" jim who really isn't a "gentleman" at all but merely a fast talker from a working class family. alexis smith is quite ravishing as the upper class woman with whom he has a love/hate relationship (and we all know it is, of course, love that will win that match in the end).at the end of "gentleman jim" the great john l sullivan (whose famous line was not "i can lick any man in the world" of course...romanticism again) hands over his belt to corbett. this is truly one of the best scenes in any sports move ever made. realistic? no. but wonderful. hey, if you want realism watch "raging bull" instead. that is a much more realistic boxing movie. but "gentleman jim" is a lot more fun.

loosely based on the james j corbett biography "the roar of the crowd", gentleman jim is a wonderfully breezy picture that perfectly encapsulates not only the rise of the pugilistic prancer that was corbett, but also the wind of change as regards the sport of boxing circa the 1890s.the story follows corbett {a perfectly casted errol flynn} from his humble beginnings as a bank teller in san fransico, thru to a chance fight with an ex boxing champion that eventually leads to him fighting the fearsome heavyweight champion of the world, john l sullivan {beefcake personified delightfully by ward bond}. not all the fights are in the ring tho, and it's all the spin off vignettes in corbett's life that makes this a grand entertaining picture. there are class issues to overcome here {perfectly played out as fellow club members pay to have him knocked down a peg or two}, and corbett has to not only fight to get respect from his so called peers, but he must also overcome his ego as it grows as briskly as his reputation does. along with the quite wonderful corbett family, and all their stoic humorous support, corbett's journey is as enthralling as it is joyous, yet as brash and as bold as he is, he is a very likable character, and it's a character that befits the tagged moniker he got of gentleman jim.the film never sags for one moment, and it's a testament to director raoul walsh that although we are eagerly awaiting the final fight, the outer ring goings on are keeping us firmly entertained, not even the love interest sub plot hurts this picture {thank you alexis smith}. the fight sequences stand up really well, and they perfectly show just how corbett became the champ he was, his brand of dancing rings round slugger fighters is now firmly placed in boxing history. as the final reel rolls we all come down to earth as an after fight meeting between sullivan and corbett puts all the brutality into context, and it's here where humility and humbleness becomes the outright winner, and as far as this viewer goes..............it will do for me to be sure to be sure, 9/10 for a truly wonderful picture.

gentleman jim not really a boxing film. it is a vehicle for errol flynn as jim corbett. but having said that, the boxing scenes are a real eye-opener to the modern viewer. there are no 12 round, points decisions here.errol flynn plays the irish bank clerk who gets a shot at the heavyweight world title. flynn is well suited to the role of suave but unpredictable corbett. his opponent john sullivan is still better however, a bruiser of the old school played by ward bond.the theme of the film is a man pushing for his big chance. corbett leaves his mundane life behind and builds a new persona as gentleman jim. jim is a chancer who can adapt to any social environment. he is a liar and an egotist. sullivan the heavyweight boxing champion is portrayed as a simple brute but his honesty and sportsmanship gives a certain contrast to the main character.there is action and excitement aplenty and a wonderful ending with the requisite redemption for all. and errol flynn gets the girl.

flynn, known mostly for his swashbuckling roles (and his bedroom antics!) takes a different tack with this film and it works beautifully. playing real-life boxing champ jim corbett, flynn turns on the charm full blast as he makes his way from a stifled san francisco bank teller to a celebrated pugilist, all the while setting one eye on society deb smith. he and best pal carson attend an illegal bare-knuckle fight and are arrested along with scores of other men (and a dog!) including a prominent judge. the next day, he gets a chance, via smith, to gain entrance to the judge's private club. he uses this opportunity to weasel his way into the good graces of its exclusive members and land a spot as the club's resident boxer. his unusually adept skill in the sport soon has him taking on all comers, up to and including the world champion john l. sullivan (bond.) flynn is downright magical here. he is the epitome of charm, charisma and appeal in this role. he looks terrific (especially in a hangover scene with his hair mussed and wearing a white union suit) and does virtually all of his own stuntwork (impressively!) his line delivery is delicious and he is credible and sympathetic and at the same time duplicitous and rascally. smith exudes class and taste from every pore and is a good match for flynn. at this stage, he needed a female costar who could stand up to his advances and reputation (he was undergoing statutory rape charges at the time) and she does so admirably. she is repulsed by his freshness and cavalier attitude, yet can hardly help but fall under his enchanting spell. bond is incredibly burly, brawny and towering, yet tender when the script calls for it. amusing support is provided by a young and ebullient carson. frawley is his dependably cantankerous self as flynn's manager. the rest of the cast is excellent as well including flynn's rambunctious family and an assortment of stuffy nob hill types. the whole thing is beautifully appointed and securely directed. a few of the sets are amazingly presented. some of smith's gowns border on the garish, but she suits the upswept hairstyles very well. it's a terrific glimpse into the earliest days of championship boxing, but it's also so much more. some of it (like the character traits shown by flynn) is enhanced or exaggerated for entertainment purposes, but a lot of it is authentic (like the methods and costumes shown in the fight scenes.) one line is particularly memorable: "i believe you like me more than i like you, but it's entirely possible that i love you more than you love me." it's classic romantic dialogue (and there are more than a few zingers sprinkled throughout the script as well.)

some saying about 'the play is the most important thing', or something like that, is attributed to that old bard of avon, himself, william shakewspeare. if it wasn't old will, it may well have been our own, super-veteran film director, mr. raoul walsh. there are a large number of his films that would support this hypothesis. none are more appropriate than gentleman jim(warner brothers, 1942).the film also racks up another award, being named as errol flynn's favourite of his own starring vehicles. it clearly gives on screen evidence that would easily lead viewers sitting in the darkened theatre, or viewing it on their home tv or dvd, to conclude same.to be sure, the story is a semi-serious biopic, which takes a portion of factual material and blends it with a liberal dose of the old imagination to bring us a very satisfying, albeit somewhat fictionalized(what biopic isn't?)occurrences.the casting is excellent, as it makes good use of the natural athleticism of our lead, mr. errol flynn. though not a swashbuckler, a western or a war picture, this gentleman jim is perhaps the starring role that was the best fit for the rugged australian.errol was a member of the australian olympic boxing team in either 1928 or 1932. his training and skills in the 'sweet science'are clearly in evidence throughout the film and especially in the "big fight" for the world's heavyweight boxing championship with the great john l.sullivan,himself.(played in expert fashion by ward bond) the cast reads like a duty roster of warner brothers' resident supporting players. it features alan hale as jim corbet's father, a livery wagon operator*. his two brothers are harry and george (pat flaherty and james flavin), the two 'blue collar' men of the family, their occupations being stated as being 'longshormen'.the great jack carson does his usual masterful serio-comic performance in support as jim corbett's friend and fellow bank teller. the rest of those we can both recognize and remember are:john loder, william frawley,madeleine lebeau, minor watson, rhys williams,arthur shields,dorothy vaughn to name but a few.director walsh also used a number of pro wrestlers in roles of various boxers. hence we have ed "strangler" lewis and an unknown grappler* are featured as the 2 waterfront pugs in the opening scenes. others were sammy stein, mike mazurki(ever hear of him?)and "wee willie" davis. these guys had a powerful,yet unpolished look about them that the old pier 9 brawlers would have possessed.we haven't forgotten leading lady, alexis smith. she is powerful in her characterization of an "independent" woman, yet maintains enough true ability as a comic player in many of the scenes. she displays quite a range in her part as poor little rich girl, victoria lodge.with all these ingredients at hand, the trick is how to mix the elements in proper proportions to give it the 'just right' blend. well, director walsh does so with a reckless abandon. because he is looking for, above all, a great film. his treatment shows all of the skills he had honed to a fine tuning starting with his days as a player with d.w. griffith. mr. walsh seems to have a special fondness for that period, the 1890's.*** mr. walsh's direction moves through the script at a fairly fast clip, breaking up the exposition scenes with a humorous punch-line, "the corbetts are at it again!" hence, he is able to maintain a light, even humorous touch to a story which could become too drab and serious.furthermore, in an almost unnoticed element, brother walsh gives us an authentic look of a san francisco of the 1890's. and as a further example of his fondness for that period, he creates wide, dynamic images of the historic prize fights. there is a vibrant, joyful mood conveyed in those boxing scenes. as a crowning glory to this great, perhaps underrated film, director walsh gave the image a look as if it were an illustration from the police gazette, which covered such events in those "old days".but there's just one thing to remember before viewing. if it is for the first time, or if your seeing it once more:"the corbets are at it again!!"* in my humble opinion as a historian of both film and pro wrestling, it looks like tor johnson, who years later was a favourite of director ed wood's.** a 'livery' is a somewhat archaic term for a vehicle for hire for local city transportation.*** it's true. mr. raoul walsh was a griffith veteran player. he was the actor to portray john wilkes booth in the birth of a nation(1915).**** being born in 1887, raoul walsh was old enough to have his own memories of the 1890's and of the sullivan-corbett championship bout and what it meant to the sporting life in the america of those days.

james j. corbett's autobiography "the roar of the crowd" was the starting point of this lively and well-remembered fictionalized biography. the author was heavyweight champion of the world, succeeding john l. sullivan, before the turn of the century. the events of the narrative depict corbett as a brash but likable and intelligent young man whose conquest of the world of boxing and social prejudice in his time, when he was considered merely the son of irish immigrants, a lowly bank teller and a nobody surprised everyone. it took him several hours of exciting and often amusing screen-time to prove his compeers were wrong. he is an bank teller when the film opens, but he somehow wangles an invitation to a sporting club for the well-to-do. he falls in love with a beautiful but snobbish girl, with whom he always seems to be quarreling, and he lives at home with a brawling clan of corbetts who seem to fight with one another as often as with others. when he defeats the club's best and a professional fighter borough in to embarrass him, he finally decides to become famous by fighting. he sets out on the road with his friend, who acts as manager and trainer, and despite a few near setbacks, he wins all his bouts and attracts attention. coming home to pursue his girl again, he contrives to annoy the boston strongboy, mighty john l. sullivan, who enters bars and claims he can "lick any man in the world". few believe he can win a bout against sullivan, but corbett, dubbed "gentleman jim" for his gracious manners and patrician appearance surprises everyone by moving, dancing out of range, and negating the furious sullivan's power. the film's finest scene perhaps comes when a beaten sullivan comes to congratulate corbett. the new champion rises to the moment, tells sullivan a few years before it might have been different, and shows him nothing but admiration and respect. he gets his girl as a result of his two performances, but by the end of the film, as they visit his s parents, his manager is able to tell the world, "the corbetts are at it again". the films is attractive and has a consistent style without being flashy. the script was written by veteran horace mccoy and vincent lawrence from the corbett novel. sidney hickox did the cinematography, with period set decorations by clarence steensen and art direction by ted smith. heinz roemheld did the music and milo anderson the gowns. the film was ably directed by action-film specialist raoul walsh. flynn also liked working with walsh but did not care for the other director he worked for most often, michael curtiz. among the cast,were ward bond as john l. sullivan, in one of his best performances lovely alexis smith a bit spotty but intelligent as the girl corbett loves and a very able errol flynn as corbett, a young man he seemed to relish playing--he later said it was his favorite role from the period...jack carson was his manager, alan hale his charismatic father, john loder a rich foe, with william frawley, minor watson, madeleine lebeau, rhys williams, arthur shields, dorothy vaughn and mike mazurki along for the enjoyable proceedings. it is hard to say enough about the logic and light-hearted fun this movie's makers have generated; it is one of the best-liked of all sports biography films, and by my standards one of the most enjoyable as well.

this film enhanced my opinion of errol flynn. while flynn is of course best known for his savoir-faire and sprezzatura (to throw in a couple of high-falutin' european terms!), this film gives him an opportunity to stretch (albeit only slightly) as an actor, as he plays an unabashed social climber with a big ego and a sense of nerve to match. the supporting cast is excellent; everyone seems well-chosen for their roles.the story moves briskly and, while not particularly profound (it misses, perhaps intentionally, the opportunity to render social commentary on the massively uneven distribution of income during that time), it certainly entertains and satisfies. from what i know of jim corbett, the story is also reasonably faithful to history. i also really liked the great depictions of 1880s san francisco. all in all, there's little not to like about this film...very well worth the time to watch it.

well, i am delighted to hear a rumor that this may finally be issued on dvd. when that will happen, i don't know, but i will grab it when it's released.in my humble opinion, this is errol flynn's most entertaining film, especially when "gentleman jim" corbett's ring career begins in the film. then it goes from a good film to a great one.few people could play arrogant men and still come off as a likable good guy as well as flynn could and this film is a perfect example of that. reportedly, this was flynn's favorite role and i believe that. you can just sense how much fun he was having here. ward bond also looks like he was really enjoying his role playing the famous john l. sullivan. bond, too, was never better.there is just the right amount of action boxing scenes in here and they are pretty well done, too. corbett's family is fun to watch, too, as they carry on in the stands during jim's matches. out of the arena, corbett's family's constant arguments and yelling can get a little too loud and annoying but they set the stage for a fitting conclusion.and speaking of the conclusion, sullivan's speech to corbett after the big fight is very touching and the highlight of the film. some mean-spirited critics (variety, for example) didn't like that ending nor the fact that much of the film is fictionalized but - duh - most films are fictionalized, like it or not. and, in this case, it made for a nice story and nice ending. (in real life, corbett was a very soft-spoken true gentleman, not anything like flynn's portrayal, but flynn still make him a good guy.)this is one of the more entertaining classic films i have ever watched and i eagerly wait for the dvd.

the film belongs to inventor - underdog genre. jake gyllenhaal, laura dern and chris cooper bring a little acting verve to story with several standard elements. well filmed, well edited, with plenty of well acted secondary roles.some have declared this movie to be classic american hokey. it is that and more. i agree with those who say "the movie celebrates the thrill of youthful inspiration." the film is a pleasant reminder that achievement may be born of ordinary roots.

in my opinion, october sky is one of the best movies of 1999...it totally has everything an emotional drama movie would need, like, wonderful story and good character interactions. october sky will remain in heart for as long as i can remember, and i just have to say a very special thanks to those who have created this film.

above-average film and acting partly spoiled by its completely predictable story line. even the music is chosen so that the words fit the action every time. a scent of "pleasantville" camp hangs around this flick. as a period piece, it's more accurate than not. its depiction of the tragedy of company towns and lack of upward mobility is sketchy but moving. chris cooper turns in a first-class performance as howard's coal-miner daddy.

this movie will kick your ass! powerful acting in a story that pushes all of us to live out our dreams. jake gyllenhaal will go places from here, and the supporting cast was superb. why would would anyone want to stay in coalville and develop black lung anyway?

i saw that movie few days ago. this movie is so great that it makes me feel that if you want something really bad that you have always dreamed about it - you can have it. this shows a big wish come true trought happiness and sadness, hopeless and failure. but if you are strong enough and your heart really belongs to something that you love you can make things different and be happy.

this film caught me by surprise. my friend told me that this movie was a "chick flick." boy, was he wrong! this movie has a great family appeal, with no sex scenes like _other_ movies. jake gyllenhaal does an excellent job in homer hickam's shoes. the supporting cast is great, as well.science, coming-of-age, family quarrels, a great train scene... this film has it all. the soundtrack is good, although the score is presented quite choppily. the 50s music kicks the movie over the edge of greatness.the dvd is definitely worth its weigh in coal. replay value is great - i've seen it quite a few times already.

i'm sure things didn't exactly go the same way in the real life of homer hickam as they did in the film adaptation of his book, rocket boys, but the movie "october sky" (an anagram of the book's title) is good enough to stand alone. i have not read hickam's memoirs, but i am still able to enjoy and understand their film adaptation. the film, directed by joe johnston and written by lewis colick, records the story of teenager homer hickam (jake gyllenhaal), beginning in october of 1957. it opens with the sound of a radio broadcast, bringing news of the russian satellite sputnik, the first artificial satellite in orbit. we see a images of a blue-gray town and its people: mostly miners working for the olga coal company. one of the miners listens to the news on a hand-held radio as he enters the elevator shaft, but the signal is lost as he disappears into the darkness, losing sight of the starry sky above him. a melancholy violin tune fades with this image. we then get a jolt of elvis on a car radio as words on the screen inform us of the setting: october 5, 1957, coalwood, west virginia. homer and his buddies, roy lee cook (william lee scott) and sherman o'dell (chad lindberg), are talking about football tryouts. football scholarships are the only way out of the town, and working in the mines, for these boys. "why are the jocks the only ones who get to go to college," questions homer. roy lee replies, "they're also the only ones who get the girls." homer doesn't make it in football like his older brother, so he is destined for the mines, and to follow in his father's footsteps as mine foreman. until he sees the dot of light streaking across the october sky. then he wants to build a rocket. "i want to go into space," says homer. after a disastrous attempt involving a primitive rocket and his mother's (natalie canerday) fence, homer enlists the help of the nerdy quentin wilson (chris owen). quentin asks homer, "what do you want to know about rockets?" homer quickly anwers, "everything." his science teacher at big creek high school, miss frieda riley (laura dern) greatly supports homer, and the four boys work on building rockets in homer's basement. his father, however, whose life is the mine, does not support him. john hickam (chris cooper) believes that homer shouldn't waste his time on the rockets, that the coal mines are all that matter. the coal from the mines is used to make steel, and without steel, the country would be nothing. the difficult relationship between homer and his dad is one of the most poignant relationships i have ever seen in a film. miss riley introduces homer to the idea of entering the local science fair, with a chance to go the nationals and win a college scholarship. "you can't just dream your way out of coalwood," she tells homer. homer and his friends act upon their dreams by working constantly on the rockets, improving the models with each attempt. despite the many attempts, the boys do not lose their determination. "what are the chances of us winning that science fair," o'dell asks homer in one of their more despairing moments. "a million to one," answers homer. "that good?" o'dell replies, "well, why didn't you say so?" the music, composed by mark isham, conveys sadness and hope at the same time, especially sad at a point when homer descends into the mine shaft and loses sight of the sky and his dreams of getting out of coalwood. rollicking 1950s' rock and roll, including songs by the coasters and buddy holly, occasionally pushes the instrumental pieces aside to create a light-hearted mood that contrasts the teenagers' lives with the lives of the miners. the film, photographed by fred murphy, also uses colors to set moods and symbolize. the town of coalwood, actually filmed in tennessee, is washed with blues, grays, and browns. it's as if the grime from the coal sticks to everything- faces, clothes, houses, and roads. when a couple in a gleaming red convertible stops to ask for directions from the boys, it is obvious that they are from the world outside of coalwood and the olga coal company. the book on guided missile design that miss riley gives homer is red. the red stands out enough against the blue-gray world of coalwood to symbolize "getting out", but it is still subtle. the reds are fleeting hints of a world that homer only dreams of. jake gyllenhaal expresses such zeal, hope, and pertinacity as homer hickam that it is hard to believe he isn't the real homer we see in actual footage at the end of the film. chris cooper is also extraordinarily believable as homer's stubborn father, who doesn't recognize, or just doesn't want to admit, that the mine is not producing enough to keep the town alive. homer, and everyone who encourages him in his rocket-building, is aware that the town is dying. with the community disintegrating, the only way they stay together is by gathering for the rocket boys' demonstrations. again, i'm sure things didn't happen exactly as the movie portrayed them, but what would a movie be without a bit of idealism? "october sky" has just enough of that to make it a great motion picture and enough rawness to keep it real.

maybe not the most original way of telling a story, we've seen all this before in many movies.. but.. i liked it october sky alot anyways. it got something, great directing and good acting by all parts, especially laura dern(the teacher) and chris cooper(the father). i wanna be a rocket-engineer!:)

i watched this film without knowing anything about it whatsoever and found it similar thematically to billy elliott (2000). both films are based around a troubled father/son relationship. in both films, the son does not want to follow his father down the mines and dreams of a better life away from their home town. both sons face derision by their classmates and both have a strong female role model who teaches them.the major difference that i found between the films was that october sky was an infinitely more interesting and touching film. laura dern puts in a moving performance and chris cooper plays the disapproving father very well as he went on to do in american beauty (1999). joe johnston surprised me with his subtle directing, very different from his other directorial features such as jumanji (1995) and jurassic park iii (2001).

this film was absolutely brilliant!! every performance in this film is excellent, especially jake gyllenhaal and chris cooper. it looks like mr gyllenhaal will have a huge film career if this is anything to go by. i thought that joe johnston was an odd choice as director as he is usually associated woth big budget blockbusters(jumanji, honey i shrunk the kids). he pulls of every scene with sheer class. my favourite scene was where homer is going down the mineshaft and looking at the sky, going down, as all of his dreams were, it was beautiful. joe johnston should direct more of these brilliant, acting driven films as well as his big budget blockbuster faire, which is also excellent. kudos!! to all involved in this masterpiece!

the acting in this movie was superb. as an amateur rocketeer, i found very few mistakes. as a human being, it touched my heart and soul. to watch the actors, you would think that they are the actual characters. laura dern, a favorite actress of mine, left nothing out of her performance. the young actors playing the rocket boys showed talent beyond their years, especially young homer. homer's father inspired that eternal love/hate relationship between a father and son so that it felt real. if you don't get a lump in your throat or shed a tear when that first successful rocket goes up or when father and son come to terms, then get your pulse checked (you may be dead).

my wife did not realize what a gem this movie was when she picked it up. it is a story that shows real world success through hard work and determination.that is so refreshing in a world of violent movies not that i dis-like them), but you have to love a movie that succeeds without it.

october sky is a highly lauded movie, and it¡¦s easy to see why. the story is easy to comprehend and many turning points are gripping, the actors and actresses do fairly good jobs, especially jake gyllenhaal and chris cooper, the hero finally gets what he wants, and it¡¦s a true story. frankly i think the director¡¦s achievement is not comparable to the sparks and heat the original story generates. we don¡¦t see any special narrative or cinematography; the power of the movie relies much on the riveting plot and tough situation the young hero is trapped in that most audience will find themselves identify with the characters. we feel homer¡¦s desire to earn his father¡¦s recognition and create his own future, and his resilience wins our respect. ¡§october sky¡¨ reminds me of a later 2001 japanese production of mini series ¡§rocket boy,¡¨ which might owe some of the inspiration from this movie. actually these two works shot from two different cultures provide interesting comparison. when october sky unfolds a story of a young man crying out loud to claim his right over his own destiny, ¡§rocket boy¡¨ offers a more compromised description that could sometimes constitute an acrid criticism of modern society. starring the outstanding actor yuji oda, ¡§rocket boy¡¨ focuses on three men as ordinary as can be: a travel agent who has a dream of becoming an astronaut, a boastful advertising agent who is on the brink of being torn apart by his inferiority complex resulted from the extreme success of his father and older brother (like what homer feels in his family), and a food company employee who is about to getting married but scared of this idea. the collected social consciousness superimposes its definition of success on its constituents and steps further to force them suffocate their dreams by claiming them ¡§impossible.¡¨ to compensate for his lost ideal, kobayashi (yuji) works in the tour operator because it¡¦s called ¡§galaxy.¡¨ when his client fails him and his girlfriend decides to leave him, he finally finds strength from his father¡¦s words, who had determined to be a sailor but later found life on the sea less attractive as he had presumed. ¡§but i don¡¦t regret it,¡¨ his father told kobayashi, ¡§at least i tried.¡¨ it is his father¡¦s confession that encourages him to resign his job and apply for astronautships despite the fact that he hurts his legs and needs to move around on a wheelchair. kobayashi¡¦s effort finally fails, and he goes back to the travel agency. but his ¡§crazy¡¨ courage inspires his friends, and everyone loves him more. just before the end of the series, kobayashi is on the job as a guide of a space camp meant to let children learn more about astronauts. after the tour is over we see him leaning against a tree, unfolding a sheet of poster he tears from the bulletin board that says: ¡§astronauts wanted for 2004.¡¨ kobayashi looks at the piece of paper and laughs and laughs, just like a kid looking at his ticket to disneyland. kobayashi may never get what he wants, but he dares his destiny and ¡§just does it.¡¨ this series is so heart-gripping not because the hero exhibits any heroic deeds, but his ordinariness and unstoppable urge to realize his dream which make us wonder and envy. unlike dilbert or other sarcastic writings, this show enlightens us and teaches us something. homer and kobayashi both have the dream, and they do what they can despite other people¡¦s opinions. i recommend other imdb users to see the japanese tv series. if you are a nine-to-fiver, you will feel more touched. i feel sorry that imdb doesn¡¦t have its data, maybe you can ask somebody from japan to help you.

i loved october sky. the thing i loved most had to be the music. it worked two ways: in the first hour of the film, it gives the viewer a time-frame. this is done by playing songs from the late fifties. in the second hour, an instrumental score takes over. the music now fits the mood of the film perfectly.i did not only enjoy the music, i also quite enjoyed the cast. jake gyllenhaal as homer hickam was especially a surprise for me. he gave off a first-class performance, as did chris owen (quentin) and chris cooper (john hickam).i've seen this movie about escaping the life already laid out for you twice now, and both times i thoroughly enjoyed myself.

i grew up in southern west virginia; i'm about the same age as (or maybe a year older than) homer hickam, author of "the rocket boys," the book forming the true-story basis of this heart-warming film.and so i relate closely to the west virginia coal-mining theme, and to the stunning effect sputnik had at that time (october 4, 1957) on all of us. the rocket boys went on to make great lives for themselves. i went on to get my degrees in physics and computer engineering. all because sputnik woke up a lot of young people to the "science gap" the u.s.s.r. had on the u.s. in those cold war days...this is a wonderful film for everyone, of all ages. but if you grew up in west virginia in the late 1950's, it'll touch the core of your being.everyone: get it; watch it; recommend it to your friends... who'll thank you many times.

a true wholesome american story about teenagers who are interested in launching their own rocket in a rural west virginia coal mining town, after the launch of sputnik in 1957.through trial, tribulations and perseverance beyond belief, they are ultimately able to achieve their goals.jake gyllenhaal, as the leader of the group, is excellent in the title role. as his motivating science teacher, laura linney is quite good but her southern accent is over the top.there is a standout supporting performance by chris cooper, a head miner, who wants his son to follow in his footsteps, but gradually comes around at film's end.what makes this film so unusual for our times is that there are no bed-hopping scenes and no profanity whatsoever. it is the epitome of an american story that is well done.besides the science angle, we have the father-son disagreement, football scholarships as a way to escape coal mining, and the loving spirit of family.why aren't pictures like this recognized more at award times?

based on fact, this is the story of a teenager named homer hickam (jake gyllenhaal), growing up in a coal town in west virginia where a boy's usual destiny was to "end up in the mines." but homer had his eye on the sky and a love for flying rockets, to the dismay of his mine-foreman father, and the consternation of the townsfolk generally. a misfit for sure, he and three of his equally outcast buddies begin making rockets, which they fly from a patch of barren land eight miles out of town, so as to no longer terrorize the community with their oft-times errant rockets. unfortunately, most of the town and especially homer's father (chris cooper) thinks that they are wasting their time. however, the people become intrigued and soon start coming out in droves to watch the 'rocketboys' send off their homemade missiles. only one teacher (laura dern) in the high school understands their efforts and lets them know that they could become contenders in the national science fair with college scholarships being the prize. now the gang must learn to perfect their craft and overcome the many problems facing them as they shoot for the stars. director joe johnston has always been a famous name for his movies such as jumanji & jurassic park 3 & "october sky" surely stands above all of his other films. without any doubts, "october sky" is his best effort & obviously his best film. it's not only a true story filmed extremely well, but even as a movie, it has every single thing, which is required for a top level cinema. and along with johnston's extra-ordinary direction, are some exceptional performances. jake gyllenhaal was around 19, when this movie was released & he gives a beautiful & natural performance. he is a perfect actor. chris cooper as his father, also gives a very fine performance. the same goes for laura dern & also she looks beautiful. even the rest of the performances are extremely well. the background score was fine. highly inspiring movie, which lifts up your spirit sky high. one of those movies which definitely inspires you for all of your life. an amazing inspiring movie along with loads of entertainment. not to be missed.

i think i read this someplace: joe johnston (director of the film and also one of the guys who founded industrial light and magic for work on the first star wars film) and one of his producers or something were racking their brains for a title for the movie, "rocket boys" (i guess) was lacking something.one day they were messing with a pc program that forms words from other words (ie: you type in a word or series of words and it mixes the letters up and forms other words) i think the technical term is an "anagram"anyway, they typed in "rocket boys" and sure enough what comes back is "october sky". they were shocked to say the least. the title summed up everything in the movie since the movie revolves around sputnik. at first homer jr did not like the idea, but he warmed up to it after the "movie poster paperback novel" came out and took off.

i just accidentally stumbled over this film on tv one day. it was aired in the middle of the day on a channel not exactly famous for airing good movies. this one, however, was nothing less then good.october sky tells the true story of homer hickam, a boy inspired by the sputnick launch to become a rocket scientist. he and his friends begin to build rockets. his father is not to happy about his sons new found hobby and would rather see him become a coal-miner as himself or go to college on a football-scholarship like his brother.the story is well written. a bit too predictable maybe, but that's ok cause it doesn't focus too much on those parts of the story. it's important part, but where this is obvious the inner action, the action between the characters is focused on. the story is good. it has some clichés, but that's ok. it's based on actual event's so you kind of can't just drop out these clichés. the characters are really good. where the story is on a downhill the characters are brought out and manage to keep the action and the quality of the movie high. you get to know these characters and you get sympathy for them. they are well written and believable.this is a good looking movie. the sets and the 50's style is thorough and the pictures are well composed and well lit. this all sets the mood of the film very good.the acting is really good. jake gyllenhaal delivers a great performance as homer hickam and chris cooper is good as john hickam. as for the rest of the cast they are good too. all together this makes out a pretty strong cast.all in all i'm glad i caught this movie. it was first after seeing it i learned that it was based on actual events. if i had known that when seeing it, it would probably just be even more interesting. october sky is a good and interesting movie. it's a movie i believe everyone can enjoy. it's kind of a feel-good movie. not bad at all!

i have recently seen this movie due to jake's recent success with brokeback mountain. i figured i would see the movies that i missed. i had no expectations going into the film so was astounded that i had missed this movie at all. it's a gripping father and son tale, and it is also an underdog story. i even shed a tear at the finale of this wonderful tale. this movie appeals to all ages. the only reason i give it a 9 out of 10 is that it slows down a little in the middle, but it comes back strong in the end. the acting was great, the story was magnificent, and the cinematography was captivating given the setting of the film. go see this movie! rent it, buy it, watch it, love it! i know i did!

there is a bit of trivia which should be pointed out about a scene early in the movie where homer watches the attempt of december 6, 1957 (at least that was the video used on the tv he was watching) which showed the vangard launch attempt, which failed.he is next shown reading or dictating a letter to dr. von braun offering condolences about the failure.von braun was at marshall space flight center in huntsville working for the army. the vanguard project was by the early nasa team which was at what soon became goddard space flight center.the army rushed the jupiter-c, which was essentially a us made v2 technology, but worked to launch a satellite in response to russia's success with sputnik.this error may have actually been made by homer, because of the notoriety of von braun, but his team didn't have their attempt fail. in fact the underlying redstone was flying from 52 and was the first us man rated booster, used for shepard's sub orbital flight, as well as grissom's.this is why this sort of movie is so good, as it hopefully will inspire people to read up and spot these bits of trivia, and in the process see what has been done, and be inspired to do more.

i first saw jake gyllenhaal in jarhead (2005) a little while back and, since then, i've been watching every one of his movies that arrives on my radar screen. like clive owen, he has an intensity (and he even resembles owen somewhat) that just oozes from the screen. i feel sure that, if he lands some meaty roles, he'll crack an oscar one day...that's not to denigrate this film at all.it's a fine story, with very believable people (well, it's based upon the author's early shenanigans with rocketry), a great cast – chris cooper is always good, and laura dern is always on my watch list – with the appropriate mix of humor, pathos, excitement...and the great sound track with so many rock n roll oldies to get the feet tapping.but, this film had a very special significance for me: in 1957, i was the same age as homer hickham; like him, i looked up at the night stars to watch sputnik as it scudded across the blackness; like homer also, i experimented with rocketry in my backyard and used even the exact same chemicals for fuel; and like homer, i also had most of my attempts end in explosive disaster! what fun it was...i didn't achieve his great (metaphorical and physical) heights though. but, that's what you find out when you see this movie.sure, it's a basic family movie, but that's a dying breed these days, it seems. take the time to see it, with the kids: you'll all have a lot of good laughs.

a simple and effective film about what life is all about, responding to challenges. it took a lot of gall for homer and his friends to be able to grow into manhood without falling in the trap of a prefabricated future that runs from father to son, to be a miner in the local mine and never get out of that fate. it took also three different challenges for homer and his friends to conquer a personal and free future. the challenge of the first ever man-made artificial satellite, sputnik 1, a soviet satellite, a milestone in human history, a turning point that homer and his friends could not miss, did not want to miss. then the challenge of science and applied mechanics to calculate and to devise a rocket from scratch or rather from what they could gather in books and order in their minds. finally the challenge of a world that resists and refuses and tries to force you back into the pack, even with an untimely accident that forces you to get back into the pack for plain survival necessity, and even then homer proved he had the guts to accept the challenge that was blocking for a while his own plans and dreams. but there is another side of the story that the film does not emphasize enough. homer is the carrier of the project but he is also the carrier of the inspiration he and his friends need. if he is the one who is going to get the university scholarship, because his friends gave him precedence, his friends will also be able to get on their own roads and tracks and step out of the mining fate, thanks to the energy his inspiring example sets in front of their eyes. it is hard at times not to follow the example of the one who is like a beacon on a difficult road. but the film is also effective to show how the father resisted this dream because for him science was not the fabric of a true man, like mining or football. the working class fate that was so present in those 1950s and 1960s and still is present in some areas is too often enforced by the traditional thinking of the father. if the mother does not have the courage to speak up one day, the working class fate i am speaking of becomes a tremendous trap. here too the film is effective and it should make some parents think. this might have been the fourth challenge homer had to face: the challenge of taking a road that was not the one pointed at and programmed by his own father.dr jacques coulardeau, university paris dauphine & university paris 1 pantheon sorbonne

i resisted seeing this movie and i understand why it was not a big hit in theatres. "october sky" feels and looks oh so familiar. and it is. all plot contrivances and emotions have been explored before in other films -- and possibly even better. but despite it's familiarity and resistance to all formulas hollywood, this movie is winning and likeable at every turn. sputnik is the inspiration for this journey of the heart, mind and soul. just as the characters from steven sondheim's musical merrily we roll along stood agape atop their apartment roof hoping it would launch their new generation ("what do you call it? you call it a miracle."), sputnik has a similar affect on the young rocket boys of this true tale. while jaded townsfolk of their 1950's coal town dismiss the event, homer hickham sees sputnik as his ticket out of a life in the mines.masterful direction and casting make the journey of rocket boy homer and his pals seem fresh and new. especially affecting are subplots concerning homer's ailing young school teacher. remarkable restraint is shown in depicting their delicate relationship. also remarkable is the father / son supblot that anchors the film. perfectly played all around. even homer's mom gets her moment without cliche or intrusion. her ultimatum to her husband is both dignified and heatbreaking. "myrtle beach" says it all. a major video chain i despise has a sign next to this film stating that you'll love this film or they'll refund your money. for once, i agree with them. you'll never look at the october sky quite the same again.

there is an old saying that relates to the rousing new film by joe johnston that goes something like this: "the man who thinks he can and the man who thinks he can't are both right." that is a highly presumptuous statement referring to self motivating and belief in an individual, which, in this movie, stand true even after road blocks and family trouble stand in the way."october sky" is about a young man who believes in himself named homer hickam, growing up in a strict, traditional family in the 1950's. homer loves in a small coal mining town where nearly every man grows up to be a miner. all of his friends, quentin, roy, and o'dell all think that their life after high school will be like everyone else's. homer is not exited about that future.one night, while everyone stares at the sky, a russian space craft called sputnik passes overhead. this is something new for homer, and he finds it spectacular and overwhelming. from this point on, his look at life will never be the same.first, he tells everyone that he wants to work in the rocket scientist area for an occupation. flabbergasted at what he says, his family passes that idea over their heads and continues with life as usual his friends, however, think that this idea may have some potential. after all, quentin is a very smart individual when it comes to this kind of thing.when the four friends start to test model rockets, and blow a white picket fence to smithereens, then what seems to be a forest fire is scared by them, they're forced to end their progresses.the performances in this movie are absolutely riveting from start to finish. all of the actors give performances as if this is the real mumbo jumbo here. standing out in all of the glory: laura dern as miss riley. this very well may be academy award material if the judges can remember back to the beginning of the year when this film is released.the characters are also extremely well developed. not only to the filmmakers give clear, apparent reason why homer is interested in the subject, but they also explain to the audience how they are succeeding in their studding of rocketry. we clearly understand all of the characters' motives and beliefs, especially the father, who is bent over on everlasting tradition.the film, unfortunately, loses some of its momentum at mid-point because of a silly, recycled romantic sub-plot involving homer's love interest and how his brother stole her from him. this type of this is becoming so awfully common in high-school movies, not that this film is aimed at high-schoolers. the actors stare at each other mindlessly, like the are in a trance. i put up with it without complaining in 1997's "inventing the abbots," but i have had just about enough this.but that is just a minor complaint. with an authentic looking time period, cinematography worth an oscar and clips of the real life homer and friends at the end, whom all hit it big with their dreams, especially homer, this is the first great film of 1999.

this is a gem, a real piece of americana for all that this implies. if you are self programed to resist "life-afirming" stories, just stay away and leave the pleasure to the rest of us who still believe. and what makes the frosting on the cake truly delectable is that it is fact based on a real rags to riches story, no need to nit-pick what details were changed to make a compact story. chris cooper is one of the greatest living actors, and the complex, self-conflicted, bottom-line good at the core father he portrayed could only be pulled off successfully by someone with his skill and insight. the simple minded comments, refusing to accept a father who tries to lay down the law all the while sensing that he may possibly be off-track, expose the limitation of the commentator, not the writers or the acting. this is not for the cynical, or the simple minded.

i was watching this when my wife called to inquire from the other room as to my choice of fare. my comment? "i am watching my life!"though younger, but only by 5 years or so, than the "rocket boys" i remember the absolute urgency with which sputnick was greeted by our administrators of education and how the whole science fair thing gained momentum and took me and others into the competitive whirlwind. my own tornado landed me in my own state's science fair, in physics by '62, though our group was less successful in gaining the support of, for example, firefighters we approached for guidance and counsel until after a tragic event, our city went so far as to allow us to tour the nike missile site on chicago's lakeshore.this movie brought it all back for me and i will bet that it brought it all back for a bunch of us "ubernerds" of the late '50s and early 60's.we are in a similar science brain drainage period now and really need this movie as a country. see it!

this is a fine drama and a nice change of pace from today's more hectic and loud films. it is another solid based-on-a-true store, which still means much of it could be made up for dramatic purposes. frankly, i don't know but i liked the story.the story is about a young man back in the fifties who gets interested in rocketry and wants to enter that field instead of working in the coal mines as everyone else, including his father, does in this west virginia town. the big problem is the conflict it causes between the boy and his father, which i think was overdone. i would like to have a little less tension between the two.the young man, still a boy, is played by jake gyllenhaal, one of his first staring assignments, i think. he's likable, as are his school buddies in here. it's nice to see nice kids in a modern-day film. the two other key actors in the movie are chris cooper (the dad) and laura dern (the kid's teacher who encourages him all the time.)the cinematography is decent the 1950s soundtrack is fun to hear. once again: i wish there more of these kind of films made today.

1.) this movie was amazing! i watched it while i was in the town next to the one where he grew up! i went and saw the buildings that the story took place in. overall, i loved this movie, one of jake gyllenhaal's best!! also- my favorite parts were the science fair, and all the times with his father. they were so sad, it seemed. homer wanted to follow his dream and his dad didn't seem to care one way or another. that tag line is true. "sometimes one dream is bright enough to light up the sky." 2.) the way this movie was shot was impeccable, it was all so believable that it could have been recorded during the 1950's. dress was accurate and they had their slang down too. definitely recommend this movie!

"october sky" is a film that will steal your heart, fill your mind with vivid imagery, and lift your spirit. the tale of homer hickham and his dream of creating a rocket seem so simple at first, especially when the film is set in a mining town, where the future is as clear cut as the lumps of coal in the mine. but homer cannot follow in his father's footsteps. with the encouragement of miss riley,(a friendly teacher), members of his father's staff, and his friends, homer attempts to make his dream a reality.yet as in any true to life story, there are many stops along the way. director joe johnston lowers us into the coal mines, where we witness the chilling plight of miners stooped beneath a ceiling of rock. with lit helmets and bent posture, they resembled alien insectoids more than humans in the darkness. the hacking coughs of the miners and the blackened faces were a constant reminder of the danger the miners faced in their work.contrasting the mine shaft's lugubrious load are the images of homer and his friend's rocket launches. underneath the blue bowl of sky, rockets are placed upon a pad and launched into the stratosphere...and nothing can match the scene when homer sees sputnik for the first time.yet what makes the film so endearing is the relationship between the characters. homer's father is a classic hardened man...but he has a soft side as well. we see that he does love his son, despite their many arguments. the love and support of miss riley is evident as well. best of all, the film is uncomfortable. it doesn't tie everything up in a nice bow. it tears at you, lifts you up. it keeps an air of reality, which is important in a film like this.this film can be considered a complete work. at first, i was disappointed that the film did not continue with homer's life. i didn't want it to end. then i realized...that's what a good film does to a person. if it has done its job, you won't want it to end. and "october sky" accomplishes just that.

to like this movie at most you must be a)strongly in love (without a marriage) b) acknowledge english humor which is about admiring gallant and witty life situations and not just running gags c) be fairly very intelligent, because authors gave an opportunity to laugh and cry over every single minute of this movie, and only if you meet "b" and "c" requirements, you can recognize and enjoy author's input. d) to fully enjoy the movie you must love women like kirsted dunst, who is so natural, sweet and irresistible. e)you must admire creative, a little melancholic people with great and remarkable personalitiesif you meet all these requirements you'll be likely to rate this movie near 10 points.i never laughed half(!) as much as from watching this masterpiece. and i even managed to cry while laughing in some moments (i always get sensitive, whenever good things happen to kirsten dunst)

how to lose friends & alienate people is in all honesty one of the best comedies i've seen this year along with pineapple express and step brothers. its not one of those "gross out" comedies that heavily relies on fart jokes and toilet humor but instead moves at an affable pace and you will be easily attached to the unfolding narrative. simon pegg nails it in the coffin with his hilarious portrayal of a fish-out-of-water character and is quickly detaching himself from the tripod he once belonged to back in england (the other two would be nick frost and edgar wright). getting yourself in the top of the hollywood food chain is a hard thing to do as we can clearly see with pegg, his first jab at the lead role was david schwimmer's comedy run fatboy run but it received lukewarm reviews from critics and audiences alike. his second try is this movie, got fairly positive reviews from the majority but was a flop in the box office. i, for one still haven't lost faith in him and i'll still be there whenever he wants to take that third shot for glory.other characters were well cast from jeff bridges to danny huston and gillian anderson. surprisingly, kirsten dunst in my opinion fared well in this movie as the love angle to pegg's character however, the spark that i saw in interview with the vampire is still lost. she needs to find it, fast or she might suffer the consequences of being lost in the land of "rom-coms" forever.

possible spoiler - in some way "how to alienate friends...." is the "loser learns to adjust, becomes successful and finds out that something else matter more" type of story, situated in the celebrity business. - end of spoiler i don't know the original book but this comedy delivers several good moments. though i do think the ending is flawed. it felt too fast and too abrupt, as if something was missing. besides i'd say the movie isn't able to keep a high level. apart from this you'll find a sweet selection of actors and actresses with sometimes controversial acting qualities. until now i've never seen pegg any different. still he is a very unique type though on the screen he sometimes might seem a little more tedious than necessary. fox proved she is capable to play a hot starlet with her head in the clouds. don't know whether it was a hard thing to do, but her performance was hot and way better than during "transformers" (okay... probably that's no tough match). kirsten dunst is very much kirsten dunst (again) and you may like it (as i do) or find it annoying. on the other hand you'll see anderson who proved her acting skills and jeff bridges (who is fine but perhaps he could have acted a little more powerful). they all fit their character well enough.conclusion: i think it's a nice celeb comedy with some more and some less funny passages, a sweet cast but an all too sudden ending.

going into this movie, i had heard good things about it. coming out of it, i wasn't really amazed nor disappointed. simon pegg plays a rather childish character much like his other movies. there were a couple of laughs here and there-- nothing too funny. probably my favorite parts of the movie is when he dances in the club scene. i totally gotta try that out next time i find myself in a club. a couple of stars here and there including: megan fox, kirsten dunst, that chick from x-files, and jeff bridges. i found it quite amusing to see a cameo appearance of thandie newton in a scene. she of course being in a previous movie with simon pegg, run fatboy run. i see it as a toss up, you'll either enjoy it to an extent or find it a little dull. i might add, kirsten dunst is adorable in this movie. :3

'how to lose friends & alienate people' is a superb film. a hilarious film from start to end. a lovely entertainer. enjoyed it. thumps up! performances: jason is fantastic. he's a treat to watch him from start to end. jeff bridges is excellent as the boss. he's a legend. megan fox looks amazingly hot, and deliver a good performance. but dude, she's so hot man! anderson is delightful. she doesn't look old at all, still hot indeed. kristan dunst looks lovely and does a pretty good job. others are also pretty good.'how to lose friends & alienate people' is a excellent entertainer. don't miss this flick!

how to lose friends and alienate people is decent comedy with a bit of romantic approach.it's actually a story of sidney young(simon pegg) breaking through in journalist and magazine writing business which is interpreted in a funny way. simon pegg made an ok appearance, slightly worse than his usual. movie is not hilarious or funny all the way or anything like that but it has its moments, and those moments are really hilarious.i recommend this fun and worth watching american with english cream comedy to all people who just wanna sit, relax and enjoy movie for what it is. if you're about to watch this movie with critical approach then you should pass unless you want to be disappointed and start trashing it.

simon pegg plays the part of sidney young, a young entertainment writer who has begun the beginnings of a career writing for a grassroots magazine that specializes in badmouthing the shallowness and superficiality of the rich and famous. he is making a career out of lampooning celebrities, although he has a desperate wish to be a celebrity himself. the movie is based on the very bizarre career of toby young, who also ran a small magazine in britain called the modern review, which offered scathing criticism of pretty much everything imaginable, until he closed the magazine in a hail of verbal bullets with his co-editor, and then went on to a spectacularly failed career as a writer for vanity fair, which is pretty much the part of his life told in this movie. he is at first thrilled to go work for a major publication (called sharp's magazine in the movie), and despite active nerves he is positively beaming on his first day. he meets the chief editor, clayton harding (played by jeff bridges), who is hard as nails but who is also exactly the kind of editor he needs to be for a goof-off like young to keep his job at the magazine. he offers little in the form of immediate acceptance of young, but he also has what can only be described as a liberal tolerance of young's off-the-wall antics and inappropriate behavior. much of the comedy in the movie is derived from young's misunderstanding of or indifference to the generally accepted code of public behavior and the peculiar etiquette involved in dealing with the rich and famous. but sidney's reasons for acting in such a weird way and for giving outwardly offensive interviews is because he believes that he loathes the entire celebrity culture and, it would seem, he believes in that age-old saying – 'if you can't beat 'em, join 'em…and then beat 'em."complicating matters are two very different women. there is a charming, regular girl at the magazine named alison olsen (kirsten dunst) who at first is appalled by sidney's obvious arrogance and womanizing ways, and a stunning model named sophie (megan fox), who represents the celebrity culture. needless to say, sidney's endless attack of superficiality and stardom is a superficial lust for sophie, the one with the look of a star.sophie is stunningly beautiful, it's true, but also comes across as having not a single thought rattling around in her head. alison is a regular girl, not very interesting or attractive, but dunst's performance makes her a real person. a relationship with her would have all the reality of a britney spears marriage, and yet the movie retains some level of believability because, despite how obvious this is, we also feel sidney's pain in not pursuing her (i felt it, anyway).how to lose friends and alienate people has a pretty interesting premise and is full of honest, satisfactory performances, and although it turns into a bit of your standard romantic comedy by the third act, it has a variety of well-developed and interesting characters. danny huston, for example, gives us a great performance as alison's other love interest, who pays homage to the big lebowski (also starring bridges) with his ever-present white russian, one of my personal favorite drinks. buying absolute and kahlua here in china costs the equivalent of about $350, but my kitchen is never without them. i am looking forward to the day when simon pegg will branch out a little bit, because i love his films but i am completely unsure about his range. he played a serious character in hot fuzz, but only serious in relation to the lunacy surrounding him, and ultimately went back to being himself again, which he has pretty much been in shaun of the dead, run, fat boy, run, and now how to lose friends. he's a rising star, it will be interesting to see what else he can do.

i really, really enjoyed watching this movie! at first, seeing its poster i thought it was just another easy romantic comedy ... but it is simply more than this! i personally believe that this idea (that i'm sure a good part of the viewers had just before they saw the movie) it's yet another important part of the big concept of this movie itself (or even of its marketing strategy)! what i mean is: nowadays we are slaves to images! to impressions! i went to the cinema to view this film having the wrong impression, the wrong expectations, and at the end i felt how superficial i could be! to exemplify it comes to my mind the sequence near the end in which sidney buys the plane ticket to go back to new york and as he is asked to 'give an autograph', meaning to sign for the ticket, he believes that just because he got on tv thanks to the scandal at the awards he is now some kind of celebrity. and this is just, i believe, the climax of this main theme around which the movies revolves. above this, i believe the movie also offers us a solution to get along with this, illustrated throughout the movie by sidney's attitude: don't become too serious about yourself or about anybody else ... "even saints were people in the beginning" ... as sophie once says in the movie. the saints of the moment are the stars. we attribute them an 'aura' of perfection, of eternal happiness, but the reality is much less than that. even the saints of any religion are images, ideal models of how to behave and how to live your life. even they were not for real ... they became 'for real' after they died and we looked back at them. and that's the catch: we need our saints! we need our stars! we strive for them as if it wasn't for them we wouldn't have anything to strive for. and television and all other media are means to create and capture our strivings. we desperately need benchmarks in regard to which to measure ourselves. and that's how we got in the cinema to watch this movie in the first place: to see if we can fit the benchmark, or if the benchmark is to small for us. this time it was larger than we expected.

i love kristen dunst, especially in elizabethtown. i guess she's the kind of actress who had better not act before camera, but just be herself. she did that, and she looked so natural in elizabethtown. in this movie, however, she did try to add in more artificial performance, especially in the first half of the film, so that she looked more like a sober editor. while in the other half, she totally set herself back in her daily track, and i just couldn't tell her to be an editor any way. therefore, her performance is not enduring in this film. the film,on the whole, is attracting and inspiring. the character of young is full and reasonable. anyway, the film tells a big and sophisticated story. the only big defect is that it didn't show a turning point of the hero and heroine's love story. i am totally confused when they kiss at the end of the story, because that is rather unclear for the two persons.

"how to lose friends & alienate people" is not based on tiger woods' infidelities. it is a mediocre romantic comedy based on toby young's book on his experiences working as a journalist covering celebrities. the film stars simon pegg as sidney young, a zany british journalist who takes a job in an illustrious celebrity magazine in new york. young is restless in getting caught up all type of shenanigans to alienate all around him, hence movie title. he is uproarious, daring, and moronic. but nevertheless for some very bizarre reason, he is a somewhat likable character. sidney befriends a fellow journalist, the composed alison olsen, played quite admirably by kirsten dunst. however, sidney is primarily longing for the sexpot actress sophie maes played by the fantastic ms. megan fox. this foxtrot is short on acting proficiency but high on "eye candy" material. sidney gets in all kinds of tomfoolery in order to move up the journalist ladder in the magazine co. those are the peak comedic moments of the film. however, i think that director robert weide and screenwriter peter straughan might lose some viewers and alienated authentic rom-com material by developing an implausible romantic plot line between sidney & alison; even though team weidstraughan did formulate an entertaining narrative otherwise. pegg did peg his character down to the wire with his hilarious performance as sidney young. jeff bridges was again building "the dude" bridges with his enigmatic supporting work as clayton harding, the magazine's suave prez. but the rest of the film's acting was not worthy enough to feature here. "how to lose friends & alienate people" should not be alienated entirely, but you might lose some movie friends if you publicize it as a superlative romantic comedy. *** average

well it was a nice surprise after all. its trailer did not predict a good film at all, it was even a bit misleading. especially the part of jeff bridges was a positive surprise, well written, sardonic and funny. less real though, i do not think a guy who got where he got would show signs of such irreverence towards everything that his current company stands for. one does not become a top suit just to doubt it all suddenly again. the ending of the film, during the showing of dolce vita, was too corny, cliché and quite disappointing. and of course a guy like pegg's character would not last past his first week in a blitz new york magazine like this. i hope one day i will see a decent role written for megan fox, here she looked a poor actress playing a bimbo. and by the way, i do not see why she is the "sex symbol" of the year, i see hotter girls on nearly every cover of every magazine.

simon pegg plays a rude crude and often out of control celebrity journalist who is brought from england to work for a big american magazine. of course his winning ways create all sorts of complications. amusing fact based comedy that co stars kristen dunst (looking rather grown up), danny huston, and jeff bridges. it works primarily because we like simon pegg despite his bad behavior. we completely understand why kristen dunst continues to talk to him despite his frequent screw ups. i liked the film. its not the be all and end all but it was a nice way to cap off an evening of sitting on the couch watching movies.7 out of 10

i am a huge fan of simon pegg and have watched plenty of his movies until now and none of them have ceased to make me laugh. neither did how to lose friends and alienate people.this movie is essentially about a man good as pissing people off. however, he has an innate set of ethics that prevents him from doing things that might just make him famous. but in the end he ends up doing them, the culture of life.the movie is well toned with humor, romance, good acting and also a bit of a lap dance. its one of those movies where you could just be happy when it ends.

weak start, solid middle, fantastic finish. that's my impression of this film, anyway. i liked simon pegg in the two films i've seen him in--- hot fuzz, and shaun of the dead. his role here, though, took a completely different turn. shows his range as an actor, but nonetheless i really disliked th character as he was portrayed at the beginning.there's a kind of humour i call "frustration comedy." its supposed "jokes" and wit are really nothing more than painful and awkward moments. much like the bean character rowan atkinmson plays. there are a number of other comedic actors who portray similar characters too. i don't mean to bash them here, so will not.but do be warned that if you are like me, and you dislike smarmy and maddeningly bungling idiots, pegg shows just such characteristics for the first third of this film. it does get better, however.i read somewhere that this is based on a true story. hmmm. maybe. the film's story stopped being annoying, and became kind of a triumph of the "little guy" in the final third. i don't need all films to be sugar and light--- but coincidentally, as this film got better, it also started to be more and more of a happy ending.it was also a pleasure to see an old favourite, jeff bridges, play a role so masterfully. i liked "iron man," but was saddened by the fact that bridges' character was a villain. purely personal taste, of course, as his acting in that was superb. nonetheless, he was a marvel here as the bigger than life man of vision, the publisher of sharps. it was nice to see him in a role that i could actually enjoy.overall then, i liked it! i just wish i had come in 40 minutes late, and missed the beginning.

uk newspaper reviews seem to have concentrated on the fact that the reviewers tend to know toby young, the journalist on whose real-life experiences this movie is based. the key word here is "based". how to lose friends is a fictitious romcom.sidney young joins a prestigious gossip magazine in new york, where he proceeds to make gaffe after gaffe before finally getting it right and making it. this involves him selling out, and the movie has some serious points to make about journalistic integrity. however, they are not overdone: the main substance remains a comedy which centres around sidney's misadventures. the script has its cake and eats it in that sidney is a stupid, well-meaning buffoon at the same time as being a smart, moderately obnoxious skilled writer. this contradiction is never that much of an issue, because simon pegg (as sidney) projects likability too well.jeff bridges underplays sidney's editor a little too effectively, and kirsten dunst is rather anonymous as the conflicted eventual object of sidney's affections and, with regard to megan fox (who plays an airhead bimbo starlet), i can say only this: just say the word, miss fox, and i will leave my wife, sell all my belongings, and buy myself a plane ticket in order to take my place at your side as your consort. of course, given that i'm a fat 56-year-old english accountant, you might not find my offer too enticing, but it's there on the table anyway. given how short her career has been so far, one might think it is a little too soon for megan fox to take on a role which mercilessly lampoons the sort of actress she might be thought to become: however, she does it sweetly, with some skill, and extremely sexily. this girl will go far.there is stalwart support from a variety of seasoned performers - miriam margolyes and bill paterson from the uk, gillian anderson and danny huston from the us.there are several laugh-out-loud moments, and i smiled most of the way through. as ever, the f-word makes appearances when it really doesn't need to, although at least a couple of these are very funny.

sidney young (pegg) moves from england to new york to work for the popular magazine sharpe's in a hope to live his dream lifestyle but struggles to make a lasting impression.based on toby young's book about survival in american business, this comedy drama received mixed views from critiques. labelled as inconsistently funny but with charm by the actors, how to lose friends seemed as a run of the mill fish out of the pond make fun at another culture comedy, but it isn't.this 2008 picture works on account of its actors and the simple yet sharp story. we start off in the past, then in the present and are working our way forwards to see how young made his mark at one of america's top magazines.pegg (hot fuzz) is too likable for words. whether it's hitting zombies with a cricket bat or showing his sidekick the nature of the law the english actor brings a charm and light heartedness to every scene. here, when the scripting is good but far from his own standards, he brings a great deal of energy to the picture and he alone is worth watching for. his antics with "babe 3" are unforgivable, simply breathtaking stuff as is his over exuberant dancing, but he pulls it off splendidly.bridges and anderson do well at portraying the stereotypical magazine bosses where dunst fits in nicely to the confused love interest. megan fox, who stole transformers, reminds everyone she can act here with a funny hyperbole of a stereotype film star. the fact that her character sophie myles is starring in a picture about mother teresa is as laughable as her character's antics in the pool. to emphasize the point there is a dog, and pegg rounds that off in true brit style comedy, with a great little twist.though a british film there is an adaptation of american lifestyle for young as he tries to fit in and we can see the different approaches to story telling. young wants the down right dirty contrasted with the american professionalism. the inclusion of modern day tabloid stars will soon make this film dated but the concept of exploitation of film star's gives this edge.weide's first picture is not perfect. there are lapses in concentration as the plot becomes too soapy with an awkward obvious twist and there are too many characters to be necessary. the physical comedy can also be overdone. as a side note, the bloopers on the dvd are some of the finest you will ever see, which are almost half an hour long.this comedy drama has simon pegg on shining form again and with the collective approach to story telling and sharp comedy, it is worth watching.

how to lose friends and alienate people came out in 2008. it bombed at u.s. box offices. it's an absolutely hilarious film with a great cast. simon pegg is great playing sidney young, who wrote the book "how to lose friends and alienate people. i know it's not a true story. the only way i know that is because sidney wants to go out with an actress named sophie maes. sophie maes doesn't exist, but other than that, the film could be real. how to lose friends and alienate people is probably the funniest film of 2008, and i think you definitely should see it. as i said earlier, the film has a fantastic cast including: kirsten dunst(spider-man, the virgin suicides) danny huston(the number 23, 30 days of night) gillian anderson(the x-files) megan fox(transformers, confessions of a teenage drama queen) jeff bridges(the big lebowski, the vanishing) overall, how to lose friends and alienate people is hilarious. i think simon pegg and kirsten dunst do work well together, and i think you should see it. though there is some odd nudity including trans-sexuals, it's a hilarious and awesome comedy. one of simon pegg's best.the plot:sidney young, a journalist from england, travels down to new york to work at sharp magazines. while there, he meets an actress named sophie maes and tries to sleep with her before his boss does.

'how to lose friends and alienate people' is an entertaining, if loose, adaptation of toby young's memoir of the same name. it's also a great title for helping to fill up the line requirement in imdb reviews! the basic gist is the same as the book with certain incidents dramatised, but a romantic plot is added and the ending is certainly hollywoodised. simon pegg, despite playing an essentially irritating person, is his usual likable and funny self and pretty much carries the film. strange to think only a few years ago he was just a tv sitcom guy and now he's rubbing shoulders with hollywood names. there's a good supporting cast and it's an amusing, easy watch - kind of a male 'ugly betty', but funnier.

well here comes another,well,romantic comedy...but unlike all others movies of this genre,this is by far the best i have seen in a long while..i'll admit,at first i wanted to watch this movie because of megan fox,and a little because of simon pegg...first of all,if you have watched a decent amount of movies,you will know that sidney and alison would be together at the and of the movie,one way or another...but from the beginning to the end of the movie you won't know how...okay,now this movie is just made for simon pegg.i can't see any other actor in the role of sidney,and i'm sure this would be a very weaker movie if not for pegg's great performance.there is a number of great gags and jokes in this movie that kept me laughing really hard,courtesy of simon pegg's character sidney...but i think everyone in this movie is good.for example,kirsten dunst is really solid in this movie( i usually don't think of her as any more than an average actress,but she was really good in this one ),then there's jeff bridges,there's gillian anderson,and of course megan fox who plays spoiled bitchy star sophie maes...great role for her...all in all,while i usually don't agree with ratings her on imdb,this time i would completely agree with them...go and see this movie,it is really light-hearted and positive,and i recommend it deeply... my rating 7 out of 10...well 7.5 actually...

romantic comedy is not the correct way to describe "how to lose friends & alienate people". the underlying romance in the plot is, for the most part, displaced by a far more interesting "rags to riches" tale. although the central line of the story is somewhat rushed passed, in several screen shots, it does have a sense of; getting the "nitty gritty" out of the way, focusing on those key relationships which make "office politics" and using those almost irrelevant scenes, used purely for comic effect. yet it works so well, especially with pegg in the front seat. the film is ultimately very clever, playing well on the trans-atlantic relationship pegg shares with his co-stars and merging the cross between the high and low -life society quite well and quite refreshingly in a storyline that despite predictability is somewhat of a unique journey. the different characters in the film are presented well and casting is definitely a plus point on the film. both the "trading places" relationship between pegg and huston and the "love, hate" relationship between pegg and dunst do work so well in a story that is, for want of a better word, charming. even fox, whose main asset is of course sex appeal, shocks with what turns out to be quite a dark character and acts that "bimbo" role all to well. its one of these films where every little detail does pay tribute to a great piece of work. from transsexual strippers to an amazing soundtrack it all meshes nicely into what can only be described as clever comedy.

pegg has had a few hits in the past few years, starting with "shaun of the dead" in 2004, movie on to "hot fuzz 2007", early 2008 he came out with "run fat boy run" and now comes this, "how to lose friends and alienate people" which is in many ways one of my favourite comedy's of the year.the film is about sidney yound, a man who writes a failing magazine who makes fun of celebrity's mostly because he is not one of them. anyway, one of the most successful magazine owners (played by jeff bridges) invites him (out of nostalgia) to work at his magazine. sidney is of course excited and moves to america, there he meets a girl currently writing a book, and hilarity ensues.this film is great and i hope more come out like it in the near future. pegg has once again given people everywhere another good film and i cant wait to the see the third part of the blood and ice cream trilogy "paul". i rate this film 81%.

amazing performance from simon pegg who just gets better and better with every role. as usual he plays the part of a very cringy character who makes you want to hide behind your cushion in embarrassment for him sometimes, but thats what pegg is all about.the laughs were regular and eye watering and everyone of them aimed at penn. the movie was very cleverly put together where every character plays a very sophisticated and serious part with penn being the only humour involved which is a huge credit to the director robert weide.and i cant let this one go without a quick round of applause to gilliam anderson who shone throughout. highly recommended to all.

oh dear we don't like it when our super-hero love interest develops a brain do we?something has happened to people, they have lost the ability to enjoy, a simple feel-good, love story/comedy? kirsten dunst is a revelation - funny, sexy and real. i laughed out loud ooh at least five times and i'm not ashamed to say had a tear in my eye a couple of times too. the cast, acting and script is great, i watch a lot of films right across the board and i haven't seen one in this genre that has been as successful. those who disagree please tell me where i can find some! i'm sure the book is good too but i think you have to judge it on its own merits.

i had fun watching this movie, mainly due to simon pegg, who has quickly become a solid box office draw for comedy films.he is hired from his dead end london publishing job by big shot nyc media mogul jeff bridges, as a writer, for one of his celebrity rags.after paying his dues, he makes it into the higher echelons of celebrity writing hackdom (the "seventh room"), where he gets to be a minor celebrity himself. the storyline is very funny, and gillian anderson puts in an impressive supporting role as a cutthroat publicity agent.along the way to success, he finds the true meaning of love, etc.the formulaic plot aside, the movie was very funny, mainly due to simon pegg, jeff bridges, and gillian anderson. kirsten dunst was good as the love interest. the rest of the supporting cast did its job well.this was a good comedy & well worth checking out at the theaters.

i had been looking forward to how to lose friends & alienate people for months, particularly due to the fact that kirsten dunst and simon pegg were starring. simon pegg is a comedic genius and kirsten dunst has always been a favorite actress of mine. how to lose friends & alienate people hit the spot! of course not perfect, but very enjoyable and funny. how to lose friends & alienate people follows the life of sidney young, a smalltime, bumbling, british celebrity journalist, who is hired by an upscale magazine in new york city. in spectacular fashion sidney enters high society and burns bridges with bosses, peers and superstars. after disrupting one black-tie event by allowing a wild pig to run rampant, sidney catches the attention of clayton harding, editor of sharp, and accepts a job with the magazine in new york city. clayton warns sidney that he'd better impress and charm everyone he can, if he wants to succeed. instead, sidney instantly insults and annoys fellow writer alison olsen (kirsten dunst). he dares to target the star clients of power publicist eleanor johnson (gillian anderson). he also upsets his direct boss lawrence maddox (danny huston). sidney finds creative ways to annoy nearly everyone. his saving grace, a rising starlet sophie maes (megan fox) who develops an odd affection for him. in time, allison's friendship might be the only thing saving sydney from his downward spiraling career. the storyline is very interesting and the acting was top notch with what the actors were given. simon pegg is still hilarious as ever! he makes sydney bumbling, obnoxious, and annoying as real as it gets, but later in time making sydney not just likable, but also a real character who you root for in the end. kirsten dunst and jeff bridges were brilliant! kirsten had some very wonderful acting and hilarious scenes, and jeff bridges is just jeff f*cking bridges! how can you not like him?! he makes clayton a very humorous character with some wit and overall you just love the guy. gillian anderson, megan fox, and danny huston were great as the supporting cast. each had their own personality that were overall pretty unlikable, but that's what just made the film work. one thing i didn't enjoy was how one dimensional some of the characters were. i understand that most were the supporting cast, but some of the cast was underused and could've given the film some more spice to it. how to lose friends & alienate people will never be on anyone's top 10 films ever, or even top 10 comedies ever, but it has a very high entertainment level and some scenes may even charm you as well. how to lose friends & alienate people is definitely one of the better romantic comedies of the year! 8/10

i was pleasantly surprised to find that how to lose friends and alienate people was nowhere near as 'gross-out' a comedy as the trailer had led me to expect. i rapidly became absorbed in the unfolding of the narrative and remained engrossed throughout. pacing of the more visual humorous content was, i thought, spot on. (i mean i got the impression i was witnessing pegg's attempts at restoring lost control very much 'in real time', so to speak.) at other moments there was time allowed to share the main protagonists' (i.e. pegg's and dunst's) reflection on how events were affecting them and what had led them to where they now found themselves. all the characters were well cast, to some extent interesting in and of themselves, and generally quite likable. (any apparent ruthless ambition displayed tended to be tempered by a corresponding good natured resilience.) an entertaining, intelligently scripted, brilliantly directed and superbly acted film that i would thoroughly recommend.

i read several mixed reviews and several of them downright trashed the movie. i originally became interested in this project because it was being directed by tony scott and i have become very interested in his work after man on fire had such a profound impact on me. before i start my review, let me first say this...it's wonderful to see that this movie could have been told in a boring and ordinary manner, yet the writers and scott chose a different approach.plot:simply stated, it's not boring. most hollywood movies give 'tried and true' plots that they know will connect with people, often ensuring the audiences acceptance of the film and creating a higher probability of profit. this plot was one of the more interesting ones i had seen in a while. just for reference, i recently watched 'the weather man' and 'lord of war' and while i will say that these movies are excellent, and i enjoyed them both tremendously, both the plots in these movies are boring and they are told exactly how you would expect them to be told. they don't take any chances whatsoever, and they are extremely predictable after you've watched a fair amount of american films. domino's plot is both interesting and told in a manner that keeps you thinking, "oh man, they're screwed now". and i feel that has been lacking in a lot of recent films. it has a lot of depth to it, in my opinion, and gives you plenty of things to question while watching it. overall, this is what kept me so interested in the movie.characters:i felt that the characters were accurate. knightley did a wonderful job of portraying a beautiful woman, who was anything but on the inside and wanted to be viewed as what she was. it was obvious that she wanted to prove herself and she took whatever means she had to accomplish that.choco was also very believable, his use of spanish in inappropriate situations, his reactions to domino's lack of affection, as well as his jealousy issues within the team...they all rang true to me, which made me feel that his character was that much more realistic.rourke's character was the least interesting to me, but it still rang true to me. he seemed like an ordinary guy, trying to make ends meet. i hope that's what the filmmakers were trying to accomplish with him because that's what i got out of it. he did a very good job of showing ed in an average joe kind of way that has made his mistakes, yet is still trying to live.claremont/ladies: i believe that they provided much needed 'heart' to the story. they weren't just people who are out getting money to buy a bentley, these were real people who had a real problem and they sought others mean to accomplish that goal. you could empathize with them because, to them, this child's illness was a problem with no other solution. these characters were supposed to show real people who are less fortunate who got into this mess because they needed help.the mobsters: they made the story seem sinister in a way that only the mob can. and i really liked that part. they also padded the story with small intricacies that made the plot that much more interesting.christopher walken/90210 guys:they provided the comic relief in an otherwise very serious movie. from walken's awkward statements to the ceaseless references to the 90210 guys being has-beens. their involvement in the movie only made it that much more enjoyable.cinematography....yes....the cinematography. this is where this movie seems to have lost a lot of potential fans. but in my opinion i thought it was genius, the use of the camera to translate the mood of the current situation was extremely effective in my opinion. i considered it a method that was properly realized but could always use improvement, just like anything else. i both applaud and congratulate scott, the editor, the cinematographer and the director of photography on taking some real chances with this movie. not only did they go far and above with its presentation, they went that much further. the use of colors, both extremely light and extremely dark provided the 'look' of the film with a sinister and grungy look that accurately depicts the life of the mob, bounty hunters and the less fortunate in a manner that show that their life isn't as peachy or 'clean' as everyone else. if you notice, in times of less stress or conflict, there were very few camera tricks if any at all. this shows that scott and his crew were trying to achieve something with this look and weren't just doing it for the heck of it. i realize that most people who watched this movie weren't expecting it and it cause many of them to be turned off to this film but i think it was great that scott took this approach. hollywood films have grown predictable and bland. most of them are shot in the same manner with the same twists and turns. and i'm glad that scott tried to make something different.granted, this movie isn't for everyone, but to say it's trash and has nothing to offer is completely missing the point. i thoroughly enjoyed this film and i'm glad that i spent the money for it. i would recommend this to all, but i'm sure it will only hit a chord with few. i must agree with an earlier poster when he said that many of those who refuse to see outside the 'sphere of mtv' won't appreciate this movie, but i think many people will. we should all try to enjoy it for the fact that scott and co. took some chances and tried to deliver something that was different and unique. and with that in mind, i think he succeeded tremendously.

ah, domino is actually a breath of fresh air, something new to the cinema world. i enjoyed the movie a lot because of the intricate plot, the varied characters, and the intense camera effects. i've seen some complain about the camera work and, in fact, according to the creators themselves, the flashy and wild shots were all the culmination of mistakes made through time. all of what you see was the desired effect. perhaps some complain because something quite like this has never been done before, although that's what sets it apart. in a deeper aspect, what you are seeing is just how domino sees things through her eyes, think about it.when it comes to the story, i don't see anything quite bad about it. despite it's "messy" nature, according to some, it is in fact just a rapid form of storytelling. the plot really isn't all that hard to follow, if you actually focus on what's going on. maybe it's just me because i see movies from many different aspects such as the acting, the plot, etc. i'm no "interpreter" or anything who picks movies apart, it just comes to me. with that said, i believe this is quite an excellent movie indeed, despite it's future as a cult-classic, blockbuster, or whatever.and the characters, well there's no doubting how varied the cast is. i believe the cast is excellent as they all do fine jobs portraying their characters effectively, that's what makes a movie ladies and gentlemen. the characters are all very unique and a plus is that you get to witness a small piece of each one of their lives, setting them apart even further. basically, i personally loved the cast and characters.all those who bash and burn this film perhaps just don't see it as i do, or it just doesn't appeal to them. no matter, this is a great film in it's own right, no, it's a great film period.

when i rented domino i was expected it to be very dumb. i hate films that have really flashy editing and cinematography and domino also just got very bad reviews. the only reason i watched it is because i like have liked keira knightley, mickey rourke, christopher walken, and tony scott on other occasions. i also just enjoy based on fact adventure stories. yes the editing and cinematography were frantic, the story was weak, and the acting was mediocre, but i still loved this film for some bizarre reason. domino was very, very entertaining and often very funny. it was horribly underrated when it was released i think because everyone wanted more of an emotional journey like scotts last film man on fire and instead just got wonderful entertainment. i actually understand why everybody hated domino so much, even though i loved it and recommend it.

kiera nightly moved straight from the p&p set to this action movie... she could hardly have chosen to remake her image more dramatically. a great success in love actually and as lizie in jane austen's classic, she is, once again, "having a go". just as her bikini clad warrier woman in king arthur was more skin than muscle, it is difficult to imagine this delicate frame standing up to a bounty hunters life... but then this is exactly what domino harvey (the real one) did, and i (being one of nightly's biggest fans) believe she carries if off.stuff....* 90210 (for the non american world) is the post code of beverly hills in la, where all the film stars live. * domino harvey father's mostfamous film was manchurian candidate (which appears in the film). * domino harvey died of a drug overdose in her bath before the film came out in june 2005, after having been arrested for drug dealing. she had just completed the negotiation for some of her music to be inlcuded in the film. * kiera knightly alludes to domino harvey's sexuality in her interview with lucy liu.if you find this film a bit far fetched, then check out domino harvey, as the facts are more amazing than the fiction.

domino is a great movie. it's about a young woman names domino harvey (kiera knightley) who becomes a bounty-hunter because of her boredom with her lifestyle. she joins with two fellow hunters (mickey rourke & edgar ramirez) and the adventures begin. the script is good. very down-to-earth and realistic with the tone of the film. the only problem i had with this movie is that it concentrates on the different things that they do, instead of the character of domino.even with that, kiera knightley gives a fierce performance. she shows the right amount of anger and dedication in this performance. mickey rourke follows up his oscar-worthy performance in 'sin city' with another tough-guy performance. edgar ramirez really doesn't do anything except speak spanish every once in a while and stare at kiera. delroy lindoi gives a good supporting performance. mo'nique was herself, although she did surprise me on one particular scene. lucy liu has great chemistry with kiera knightley in her scenes with her.the best thing about the movie though, is the direction. tony scott's fast-paced style really brings the movie to life. the cinematography is some of the best, i've ever seen. it takes a regular movie and puts on acid. all the blacks are blacker, the whites are brighter, and it has a sort of green glow to it. the action scenes are exhilarating.overall: if you liked sin city & man on fire, you'll like domino.

as soon as i knew keira knighteley being in this flick, i said "i have to watch this movie". she's the undisputed main character, domino, a bounty hunter. her "job", as the "no action" scenes would teach us, reflects her rebel, violent attitude to life. i have to admit that it's the very first time that i watch an action movie whose most important scenes are the one in which the guns are far away from characters' hands. so, this stomped me a bit. anyway, for all the john woo's fans, there are helicopters falling down, explosions, gunfire as if it would rain, and a lovely keira that shoots with two machine guns, one per hand. the cast is absolutely brilliant. going beyond keira, which in this movie is a real tomboy, pretty much different from the lovely action figure we're used to see, mickey rourke is back, with his usual slap-throwing face and his potent body. christopher walken makes his job pretty well, as a reality show producer.let's go to the contents: this movie has a journalistic shape. the talk show scene is "disgustingly" real. anyone that watched that load of . . . you-know-what, can tell that this is the air that you breath in those situations. as well as the producer, when domino's mom says that the reality that should show domino's life is "trash; no offense", he answers "i don't take it like an offense". this movie portrays a difficult life. domino, coming from a world that didn't want her, ed (mickey rourke), a bounty hunter "not so bounty", choco (the third guy of the band), which family is (using ed's words), "the correctional institutes he's been", and alf, the driver/bomber coming from afghanistan during the russian occupation. this bunch of people represents in some way the humankind born "without the shirt"; unlucky, violent, and with nothing to lose, excepts their (as they would consider) miserable lives. the intro of the movie says that it is "inspired by true story . . . more or less", so i couldn't possibly tell you how much of this stuff is true. anyway, going beyond explosions and dozens of weapons (which could have been "added" to make the film easier to see, and be classified as an action movie), the characters' story is too realistic to be "edulcorated". the interaction between the characters is various, well studied, and definitely not boring. what hasn't convinced me so much is the role of the psychiatrist (lucy liu, sober as never in her acting career). it represents only the reason by which domino starts telling her story (and that's a story). probably, the only "con", in a movie with a lot of "pros". all in all: this isn't "swat". the characters are crafted; they have an identity, a shape. they have a name and a surname (not just "gamble" and "street"). it's the case to say, it's the biography of a girl whose life went as fast as a bullet.

i doubt much of this film is based on a true story. at the beginning it says based on a true story, sort of. i bet the only truth to it was there was an ex-model turned bounty hunter possibly named domino.anyways, it begins with domino talking to lucy liu, who works for the fbi. domino is being interrogated about what she knows about a theft of 10 million dollars. through flashbacks, we see domino as a child, then as a model, and how she became interested in being a bounty hunter. she basically tells 2 other bounty hunters off, ed and choco. they let her join the group. she's tough, can use any kind of weapon, and will use her good looks if needed.they get involved with a scam that clarmont, a bailsman, has going. along the way, the group starts a reality tv show, and that's where ian zering and brian austin green become involved. they are sort of like hosts and must have been really desperate to appear in this.i thought the story was entertaining and it had some laughs. the editing didn't bother me. there's also a lot of violence, mainly using guns, and blood. it could have been a little shorter.final verdict: good enough to watch.

i'm totally surprised by some of the comments on this forum, and many of the reviews. i think tony scott made a good movie here. yes, it is highly stylized, flashy and over the top, but it is very entertaining. i'm glad at least ebert and roeper agrees with me :) this movie may not be for anyone, but if you like over-the-top, dark humor, cool action and dialog, you should see it. i've previously seen scott's man on fire, crimson tide and enemy of the state - all good movies, but i like this one more. it's like a roller-coaster ride, with great soundtrack selections, visual styles and in a time when all movies seem to be pg13, it is nice to see that someone isn't afraid of showing nudity, gory violence, and have explicit dialog.it doesn't hurt that keira is super-hot, and even shows nipples in this one, either...

i rented domino on a whim, not even knowing it was inspired by a true story, and even though it's the least likely and true biopic you'll probably see. i found it to be rather awesome.with richard kelly writing he crams together a mass of plots and narratives into 2 hours of pure entertainment. and once you've seen it more than once you get it and appreciate it. domino is a model turned bounty hunter who leaves the perfect hollywood life to pursue a not so subtle or perfect career. it has an edgy acid trip style provided by director tony scott. and with fast paced music and editing, it provides the visual flare to keep your attention, with slick performances and unexpected comedy, the movie is well made and enjoyable and should have reached a wider audience. i suggest it to anyone who wants to think and be entertained at the same time for 2 hours.

if you go to this movie expecting something it isn't, you will be disappointed, as with any movie. this movie contains what hemmingway described as the "iceberg effect". on the surface, its simply a cache of random movie clips smashed together to make a movie. if this would be written in a book, it would be a short story, because the action in the movie is very fast paced, and unless you actually try to catch it, the reasoning behind the plot (along with some subtle foreshadowing) can very well pass you by. definitely a movie you will have to see twice in order to fully appreciate. experimental cinematography barely describes this movie. the camera-work and post production add much to the overall flavour of the film, making it quite artistic at some points and open to interpretation at others (something to be desired in american movies as of late). although, at some parts it may get a little raunchy, gruesome and too heavy for some audiences, the movie never becomes completely unrealistic. the only aspect of the movie that i would write off as "needs improvement" is the soundtrack selection. no movie is ever good without a fitting soundtrack, and although the soundtrack is quite fitting, the opening is a little too long, and the other rap songs in the film really could have been replaced with something more appropriate (heavy, grungy rock or psychedelic electronica would have made this film a real trip). the flooding of imagery and dynamic... color palettes adds another "artistic" aspect to it, also combined with the events that happen throughout the film, this is not a movie you can miss any part of and still understand. however, that also makes it much more of a desirable film to watch, and not one you'll quickly get bored of. 8.5/10

if you find yourself in need of an escape, something that will hold your attention for two hours and allow you to be lost in another world, domino will satisfy that need. this is entertainment, after all! the plot keeps your brain in motion - one of those movies (like usual suspects) where you want to see it a second time to figure it all out. i wondered about domino harvey herself, how her life became of interest to hollywood. as for the acting, lots of celebrity appearances not shown in the trailers. and any actor that makes me forget who they are has done their job well. not once did i think of kiera in a soccer uniform or pirate costume. and granted, mickey rourke plays mickey rourke well and often, but here, despite the violence, he shows signs of being capable of caring for other people.

" domino " has been widely condemned on this site for its frenetic editing style and " sickening " photography. it's detractors cite its superficiality and criticize its deployment of " style over substance" i couldn't disagree more. i believe that " domino " represents the absolute height of tony scott's film-making career. after having created the dominant hollywood action movie style throughout the late eighties and early nineties tony scott has moved progressively closer to a more subjective style of cinema. as early as "crimson tide" scott used his stylistic talent to portray the inner worlds of his characters- the claustrophobia and drama inherent in the conflict on board a nuclear submarine was embodied in the excellent use of long lenses combined with dutched-angle framing. this was then carried through to " enemy of the state" and "spy game" which visually represented the worlds of surveillance and espionage respectively. " man on fire" was an extreme departure , a move into an expressionist more painterly aesthetic. here scott used an antiquated hand cranked camera and flash frames to express his character's explosive rage . although not entirely successful it introduced the techniques which were to find their full expression in " domino"couched in the framing device of an fbi interrogation " domino" presents the life of the infamous bounty hunter via her narrated disjointed fragments of memory. she grasps at memories as we all do- in fragments, flashes and brief snatches. as domino relays her story verbally scott relays it visually illustrating not only the events which she describes but also the point of view which guides them. she does have " traces of mescaline" in her system but her individual vision is anyway unusual -that of an woman who eschewed the life of luxury for bounty hunting. it is when domino begins to relate the events which lead to her captivity that scott really lets rip. together with cinematographer dan mindel and composer harry-gregson williams scott orchestrates a postmodern canvas of contemporary americana. gradually we begin to realize that unusual though she may be domino is no more disjointed than the "90210" culture she has rejected. as she wades through this cultural melange scott makes his viewer more aware of the innocence which it destroys through the underprivileged children which the narrative introduces. ultimately scott portrays their salvation as the only escape we have from this surreal trip. to criticize this movie for being overly stylized is akin to criticizing a picasso or a pollock for not representing that which is recognizably human. like any great painting the meaning in " domino" is in the surface and the surface is everything. i am not in any way associated with scott free but have always been and will continue to be a huge admirer of tony scott's work

my name is domino harvery. {edit *dizzying* chop} my--my--my name is domino harvey. {cut, chop} my name is domino harvey. {edit. cut. playback}never have i seen a director take so much flack for his style before. by now it is evident that most people do not appreciate tony scott's choppy, flashy, dizzying editing technique. if i have to choose between loving it and hating it, i'd say i love it. it was borderline distracting at times, but the end result was pretty good and it's nice to see a director with a creative edge to his style and some originality (even if it borrows heavily from mtv videos).this stylistic edge manifests itself as keira knightley plays the role of cocky badass bounty hunter domino harvey and even her dialogue seems strangely choppy. otherwise she plays her poorly because i pretty much hated her character and did not sympathize one bit with her, no matter how much she suffered. we follow domino through her life as she joins up with fellow bounty hunters mickey rourke, rizwan abbasi and edgar ramirez. the crew become tangled up in the fbi and suddenly has a reality show contract under christopher walken's tv production company (what is christopher walken doing in every film, by the way?). i guess that is a clever film technique, because now tony scott is free to use as much flashy mtv/reality show editing footage as he likes. it becomes a pastiche of mtv culture at this point.it followes then that the story is told at an amazingly rapid-fire pace, with lots of raunchy strong language and gun violence. there are some funny jokes; it's all very modern and surreal at the same time. it's a mess, but it's a rather enjoyable mess. it is ultimately flawed in so many ways (the actors try too hard to make their characters "cool", for one) but it works. i give it a weak 7/10 which may seem generous when compared to the general consensus of movie-goers who graded this film — but i feel it had some good ideas and executed them well.7 out of 10

