i liked the film. some of the action scenes were very interesting, tense and well done. i especially liked the opening scene which had a semi truck in it. a very tense action scene that seemed well done.some of the transitional scenes were filmed in interesting ways such as time lapse photography, unusual colors, or interesting angles. also the film is funny is several parts. i also liked how the evil guy was portrayed too. i'd give the film an 8 out of 10.

this isn't the comedic robin williams, nor is it the quirky/insane robin williams of recent thriller fame. this is a hybrid of the classic drama without over-dramatization, mixed with robin's new love of the thriller. but this isn't a thriller, per se. this is more a mystery/suspense vehicle through which williams attempts to locate a sick boy and his keeper.also starring sandra oh and rory culkin, this suspense drama plays pretty much like a news report, until william's character gets close to achieving his goal.i must say that i was highly entertained, though this movie fails to teach, guide, inspect, or amuse. it felt more like i was watching a guy (williams), as he was actually performing the actions, from a third person perspective. in other words, it felt real, and i was able to subscribe to the premise of the story.all in all, it's worth a watch, though it's definitely not friday/saturday night fare.it rates a 7.7/10 from...the fiend :.

yes its an art... to successfully make a slow paced thriller.the story unfolds in nice volumes while you don't even notice it happening.fine performance by robin williams. the sexuality angles in the film can seem unnecessary and can probably affect how much you enjoy the film. however, the core plot is very engaging. the movie doesn't rush onto you and still grips you enough to keep you wondering. the direction is good. use of lights to achieve desired affects of suspense and unexpectedness is good.very nice 1 time watch if you are looking to lay back and hear a thrilling short story!

in this "critically acclaimed psychological thriller based on true events, gabriel (robin williams), a celebrated writer and late-night talk show host, becomes captivated by the harrowing story of a young listener and his adoptive mother (toni collette). when troubling questions arise about this boy's (story), however, gabriel finds himself drawn into a widening mystery that hides a deadly secret…" according to film's official synopsis.you really should stop reading these comments, and watch the film now...the "how did he lose his leg?" ending, with ms. collette planning her new life, should be chopped off, and sent to "deleted scenes" land. it's overkill. the true nature of her physical and mental ailments should be obvious, by the time mr. williams returns to new york. possibly, her blindness could be in question - but a revelation could have be made certain in either the "highway" or "video tape" scenes. the film would benefit from a re-editing - how about a "director's cut"? williams and bobby cannavale (as jess) don't seem, initially, believable as a couple. a scene or two establishing their relationship might have helped set the stage. otherwise, the cast is exemplary. williams offers an exceptionally strong characterization, and not a "gay impersonation". sandra oh (as anna), joe morton (as ashe), and rory culkin (pete logand) are all perfect.best of all, collette's "donna" belongs in the creepy hall of fame. ms. oh is correct in saying collette might be, "you know, like that guy from 'psycho'." there have been several years when organizations giving acting awards seemed to reach for women, due to a slighter dispersion of roles; certainly, they could have noticed collette with some award consideration. she is that good. and, director patrick stettner definitely evokes hitchcock - he even makes getting a sandwich from a vending machine suspenseful.finally, writers stettner, armistead maupin, and terry anderson deserve gratitude from flight attendants everywhere.******* the night listener (1/21/06) patrick stettner ~ robin williams, toni collette, sandra oh, rory culkin

the night listener (2006) **1/2 robin williams, toni collette, bobby cannavale, rory culkin, joe morton, sandra oh, john cullum, lisa emery, becky ann baker. (dir: patrick stettner) hitchcockian suspenser gives williams a stand-out low-key performance.what is it about celebrities and fans? what is the near paranoia one associates with the other and why is it almost the norm? in the latest derange fan scenario, based on true events no less, williams stars as a talk-radio personality named gabriel no one, who reads stories he's penned over the airwaves and has accumulated an interesting fan in the form of a young boy named pete logand (culkin) who has submitted a manuscript about the travails of his troubled youth to no one's editor ashe (morton) who gives it to no one to read for himself. no one is naturally disturbed but ultimately intrigued about the nightmarish existence of pete being abducted and sexually abused for years until he was finally rescued by a nurse named donna (collette giving an excellent performance) who has adopted the boy but her correspondence with no one reveals that pete is dying from aids. naturally no one wants to meet the fans but is suddenly in doubt to their possibly devious ulterior motives when the seed is planted by his estranged lover jess (cannavale) whose sudden departure from their new york city apartment has no one in an emotional tailspin that has only now grown into a tempest in a teacup when he decides to do some investigating into donna and pete's backgrounds discovering some truths that he didn't anticipate.written by armistead maupin (who co-wrote the screenplay with his former lover terry anderson and the film's novice director stettner) and based on a true story about a fan's hoax found out has some hitchcockian moments that run on full tilt like any good old fashioned pot-boiler does. it helps that williams gives a stand-out, low-key performance as the conflicted good-hearted personality who genuinely wants to believe that his number one fan is in fact real and does love him (the one thing that has escaped his own reality) and has some unsettling dreadful moments with the creepy collette whose one physical trait i will leave unmentioned but underlines the desperation of her character that can rattle you to the core.however the film runs out of gas and eventually becomes a bit repetitive and predictable despite a finely directed piece of hoodwink and mystery by stettner, it pays to listen to your own inner voice: be careful of what you hope for.

you know, robin williams, god bless him, is constantly shooting himself in the foot lately with all these dumb comedies he has done this decade (with perhaps the exception of "death to smoochy", which bombed when it came out but is now a cult classic). the dramas he has made lately have been fantastic, especially "insomnia" and "one hour photo". "the night listener", despite mediocre reviews and a quick dvd release, is among his best work, period.this is a very chilling story, even though it doesn't include a serial killer or anyone that physically dangerous for that matter. the concept of the film is based on an actual case of fraud that still has yet to be officially confirmed. in high school, i read an autobiography by a child named anthony godby johnson, who suffered horrific abuse and eventually contracted aids as a result. i was moved by the story until i read reports online that johnson may not actually exist. when i saw this movie, the confused feelings that robin williams so brilliantly portrayed resurfaced in my mind.toni collette probably gives her best dramatic performance too as the ultimately sociopathic "caretaker". her role was a far cry from those she had in movies like "little miss sunshine". there were even times she looked into the camera where i thought she was staring right at me. it takes a good actress to play that sort of role, and it's this understated (yet well reviewed) role that makes toni collette probably one of the best actresses of this generation not to have even been nominated for an academy award (as of 2008). it's incredible that there is at least one woman in this world who is like this, and it's scary too.this is a good, dark film that i highly recommend. be prepared to be unsettled, though, because this movie leaves you with a strange feeling at the end.

when i first read armistead maupins story i was taken in by the human drama displayed by gabriel no one and those he cares about and loves. that being said, we have now been given the film version of an excellent story and are expected to see past the gloss of hollywood...writer armistead maupin and director patrick stettner have truly succeeded! with just the right amount of restraint robin williams captures the fragile essence of gabriel and lets us see his struggle with issues of trust both in his personnel life(jess) and the world around him(donna).as we are introduced to the players in this drama we are reminded that nothing is ever as it seems and that the smallest event can change our lives irrevocably. the request to review a book written by a young man turns into a life changing event that helps gabriel find the strength within himself to carry on and move forward.it's to bad that most people will avoid this film. i only say that because the average american will probably think "robin williams in a serious role? that didn't work before!" please give this movie a chance! robin williams touches the darkness we all must find and go through in ourselves to be better people. like his movie one hour photo he has stepped up as an actor and made another quality piece of art.oh and before i forget, i believe bobby cannavale as jess steals every scene he is in. he has the 1940's leading man looks and screen presence. it's this hacks opinion he could carry his own movie right now!!s~

somewhat funny and well-paced action thriller that has jamie foxx as a hapless, fast-talking hoodlum who is chosen by an overly demanding u.s. treasury agent (david morse) to be released on the streets of new york to find a picky computer thief/hacker (doug hutchinson), who stole forty-two million dollars from the treasury and left two guards shot dead."bait" marks the sophomore feature for antoine fuqua ("the replacement killers") and he handles the task fairly well even though it doesn't top his first movie. what the two films have in common is the action sequences, which are flat-out excellent.foxx is pretty good here although his character is annoying in the beginning, but throughout the film, i began to catch on. hutchinson is marvelous as the mastermind who can be ruthless as john malkovich and patient as the late laurence olivier was in "marathon man". morse is okay as the agent who comes up with the ingenious plan to get whoever did it at all cost.

there are many illnesses born in the mind of man which have been given life in modern times. constant vigilance or accrued information in the realm of pyschosis, have kept psychologists, counselors and psychiatrists busy with enough work to last them decades. occasionally, some of these mental phenomenon are discover by those with no knowledge of their remedy or even of their existence. that is the premise of the film entitled " the night listner." it tells the story of a popular radio host called gabriel noon (robin williams) who spends his evenings enthralling his audiences with vivid stories about gay lifestyles. perhaps its because his show is losing it's authentic veneer which causes noon to admit he is no longer himself. feeling abandoned by both his lover jess (bobby cannavale) and his and best friend (joe morton), he seeks shelter in his deepening despair and isolation. it is here, a mysterious voice in the night asks him for help. noon needs to feel useful and reaches out to the desperate voice which belongs to a 14 year old boy called peter (rory culkin). in reading the boy's harrowing manuscript which depicts the early life and sexual abuse at the hands of his brutal parents, noon is captivated and wants to help. however, things are not what they seem and noon soon finds himself en-wrapped in an elusive and bizarre tale torn right out of a medical nightmare. this movie is pure robin williams and were it not for toni collette who plays donna d. logand, sandra oh as anna and john cullum as pop, this might be comical. instead, this may prove to be one of william's more serious performances. ***

i enjoyed the night listener very much. it's one of the better movies of the summer.robin williams gives one of his best performances. in fact, the entire cast was very good. all played just the right notes for their characters - not too much and not too little. sandra oh adds a wonderful comic touch. toni collette is great as the mom, and never goes over the top. everyone is very believable.it's a short movie, just under an hour and a half. i noticed the general release version is nine minutes shorter than the sundance version. i wonder if some of the more disturbing images were cut from the movie.the director told a story and did it in straightforward fashion, which is a refreshing change from many directors these days who seem to think their job is to impress the audience rather than tell a story and tell it well.do not be sucker punched by the previews and ads. it is not a hitchcockian thriller. see the night listener because you want to see a good story told well. if you go expecting hitchcock you will be disappointed.my only complaint with the movie was the ending. the director could have left a little more to the audience's imagination, but this is a minor quibble.

the night listener is probably not one of william's best roles, but he makes a very interesting character in a somewhat odd but very different movie. i can guarantee you that you have never seen this kind of movie before. some people maybe won't like the slow pacing of this movie, but i think it's the great plus of the movie. it is definitely one of the top movies that have come out the year 2006. it has a intriguing performance in a movie with a great content, dramatic feeling. this is no americanized movie. neither is it a predictable movie. you just feel that it is a movie that has secrets which you have a hard time to determine what the outcome of it may be. this is no excellent movie that has everything, but hell, it's a damn good and very original movie.

like one of the previous commenters said, this had the foundations of a great movie but something happened on the way to delivery. such a waste because collette's performance was eerie and williams was believable. i just kept waiting for it to get better. i don't think it was bad editing or needed another director, it could have just been the film. it came across as a canadian movie, something like the first few seasons of x-files. not cheap, just hokey. also, it needed a little more suspense. something that makes you jump off your seat. the movie reached that moment then faded away; kind of like a false climax. i can see how being too suspenseful would have taken away from the "reality" of the story but i thought that part was reached when gabriel was in the hospital looking for the boy. this movie needs to have a director's cut that tries to fix these problems.

the night listener held my attention, with robin williams shining as a new york city radio host who becomes enamored with his friendship with a 14 year old boy (rory culkin) who is very ill. williams has never met the boy in person, as they have only been in contact by talking on the telephone. however, williams' ex-boyfriend (nice job from bobby cannavale) raises doubt about the boy, which prompts williams to arrange a meeting with him in person. what follows makes a permanent impact on williams in a way he does not expect. i will leave it at that. toni collette also stars.i enjoyed this film, with toni collette giving a memorable portrayal of culkin's adoptive mother. sandra oh also starred as williams' friend. the night listener is inspired by actual events, and it has a somber, almost creepy silence throughout. at times it is predictable, no thanks to some of the reviews i read before seeing the movie and just due to logic, but i liked it anyway. i enjoy williams in roles like this, more so than his comedic characters so that was an added bonus for me. recommended. 8/10

popular radio storyteller gabriel no one(robin williams,scraggy and speaking in hushed,hypnotic tones) becomes acquainted and friends with a fourteen-year-old boy from wisconsin named pete logand(rory culkin),who has written a book detailing sexual abuse from his parents. to boot,pete has aids and this compels gabriel further still,since his partner jess(bobby cannavale,good)happens to be a survivor of hiv himself. he also acquaints himself with pete's guardian,a woman named donna(toni collette,brilliant!)and when gabriel decides he wants to meet and talk to the two of them in person and goes to wisconsin,he discovers some secrets he was(naturally)not prepared to find.based on real events that happened to armistead maupin(who co-wrote the screenplay with terry anderson)and directed by patrick stetner,this film moves a lot faster(90 min.,maybe a few minutes longer)than one might think a movie of this genre would run. that's good in that it keeps the action and storyline lean and clear. it's bad in that it leaves various holes in the plot and doesn't sew-up any of the plot openings or back-story. i'd rather not go into any great detail except to say that,if you are not familiar with mr.maupin's works or his personal story,you feel a little bit out of the loop here. still,the performances by williams( i would've loved to heard more of his narration,personally),collette,cannavale,culkin and much of the supporting cast(the waitress at the restaurant collete's donna frequents does a great job with what small part she has!)are top-notch and the mood established here--namely,the chilly,lonely dark exteriors of wisconsin and new york--give a terrific framing for this story. it may have ends that don't tie together particularly well,but it's still a compelling enough story to stick with.

if there is one thing to recommend about this film is that it is intriguing. the premise certainly draws the audience in because it is a mystery, and throughout the film there are hints that there is something dark lurking about. however, there is not much tension, and williams' mild mannered portrayal doesn't do much to makes us relate to his obsession with the boy.collete fares much better as the woman whose true nature and intentions are not very clear. the production felt rushed and holes are apparent. it certainly feels like a preview for a much more complete and better effort. the book is probably better.one thing is certain: taupin must have written something truly good to have inspired at least one commendable effort.

i absolutely loved this film! i do not at all relate to all the other comments i have read about it. i was completely enthralled through every second! i found the story gripping, the acting intense, and the direction spot-on. i would literally jump every time the phone would ring close to the end of the movie. even though there was nothing "scary" about the story itself, i was soundly on edge through the whole movie - and for the rest of my evening. i found that there were so many perfect choices made...the casting, the script, the little bits of humor sprinkled in it. there were so many points where the film could've gone for the cheap thrill, but it never did, and that for me put this movie above so many of the mediocre thrillers that have come out lately...and for the last number of years.

this night listener is better than people are generally saying. it has weaknesses, and it seems to be having a genre identity crisis, no doubt, but i think its creepy atmosphere and intriguing performances make up for this. the whole thing feels like one of those fireside "this happened to a friend of a friend of mine" ghost stories. one big complaint about the movie is the pacing: but the slow and sometimes awkward pacing is deliberate. everything that unfolds in this movie is kept well within the realm of possibility, and real life just sort of plods along—no? so there are no flashy endings or earth-shattering revelations, no "showdown" scenes. thank heaven. you have to get into the zone when watching this movie, forget your reservations and your expectations of what makes a (conventionally)good movie. williams isn't terrific, but he easily meets the needs of the story, plus his character is supposed to be somewhat generic ("no one") as he is the everyman, the avatar by which we ourselves enter the story. toni collette's performance should be nominated for an oscar (even if she maybe shouldn't win it). give it a shot. for quality and content alone, the night listener is surely in the top twenty percent of movies coming out these days.

when it comes to movies i can be pretty picky, and i'll complain about anything and everything that is done wrong. while every movie has its flaws, the night listener had an exceptionally low count.if you read the last review (it was hard, since half of it was written in caps and it contained no actual information about the movie), you may have been led to believe that this movie was not too well done. unfortunately, if you read more than 3 lines into that same review, you discovered the poster's reason for disdain: he/she does not like the fact that the director is gay (or that the production team smokes crack...apparently).so, despite the fact that i have never written a review before, i thought this movie deserved one based on its merits, not the sexual orientation of its director. let's go over a quick checklist first: 1. great plot? absolutely. i won't give a shred of it away, but the plot is highly compelling and definitely not what one would expect based on the commercials. this is a thriller, not a horror, and it should be approached as such. the story really will amaze you, even more so because it's true (and the plot did stay quite faithful to the actual events).2. wonderful acting? oh yes. robin williams long ago broke free from the chains of the comedy type-cast, and he has since flourished in serious roles for which many people would have wrote him off just a decade ago. he once again achieves high form in his role in the night listener, playing a radio host who becomes increasingly troubled by and entangled in a case of...well, i'll let you see for yourself.3. excellent direction? certainly. now, unlike the other poster to which i referred, i actually know something about direction. i've been sutdying the art of direction at school now for 3 years. of course i really don't think that makes a lick of difference (the only thing that matters is if you like the direction), but i thought i should simply establish once again that i'm basing my opinions here on something both substantial and relevant...for example: not the sexual orientation of the director (or the alleged drug habits of the production team, lol).patrick stettner's direction was moody and dark, and he allowed the angles and lighting to help create those so-sought-after feelings of "tension and release" rather than the messy, fast-paced camera-work and quick cuts we're so often subjected to today. some people can truly show you a story through their camera, while other's feel as if they have to make the story with the camera. i really appreciate when someone these days has the courage to just use the camera as its supposed to be utilized, which is as an eyeball through which we all see.4. lighting, cinematography, and editing? great all around. i've already wrote so much, and i could go on about these last three things for another ten paragraphs, so i'll just wrap it up.in short, go see this movie. don't listen to people who have alterior motives for trashing it, especially if they're so stupid that they unknowingly reveal that motive 1/4 of the way through their post. enjoy the show! -ben

just two comments....seven years apart? hardly evidence of the film's relentless pulling-power! as has been mentioned, the low-budget telemovie status of 13 gantry row is a mitigating factor in its limited appeal. having said that however the thing is not without merit - either as entertainment or as a fright outing per se.true, the plot at its most basic is a re-working of the amityville horror - only without much horror. more a case of intrigue! gibney might have made a more worthwhile impression if she had played halifax -investigating a couple of seemingly unconnected murders with the "house" as the main suspect. the script is better than average and the production overall of a high standard. it just fails to engage the viewer particularly at key moments.having picked the dvd up for a mere $3.95 last week at my regular video store, i cannot begrudge the expenditure. $10.95 would be an acceptable price for the film. just don't expect fireworks!

another aussie masterpiece, this delves into the world of the unknown and the supernatural, and it does very well. it doesn't resort to the big special effects overkill like american flicks, it focuses more on emotional impact. a relatively simple plot that rebecca gibney & co. bring to life. it follows the story of a couple who buy an old house that was supposedly home to a very old woman who never went outside, and whose husband disappeared in mysterious circumstances a century ago. strange things begin to happen in the house, and john adam begins to turn into the man who disappeared, who was actually a mass murderer. highly recommended. 8/10

after a brief prologue showing a masked man stalking and then slashing the throat of an older gentleman on a deserted, urban, turn of the century australian street, we meet julie (rebecca gibney) and peter (john adam) as they go out house hunting. they manage to get a loan for a fixer-upper on a posh sydney street, but it turns out that physical disrepair is not the only problem with their new home. it just may be haunted.13 gantry row combines a memorable if somewhat clichéd story with good to average direction by catherine millar into a slightly above average shocker.the biggest flaws seem partially due to budget, but not wholly excusable to that hurdle. a crucial problem occurs at the beginning of the film. the opening "thriller scene" features some wonky editing. freeze frames and series of stills are used to cover up the fact that there's not much action. suspense should be created from staging, not fancy "fix it in the mix" techniques. there is great atmosphere in the scene from the location, the lighting, the fog and such, but the camera should be slowly following the killer and the victim, cutting back and forth from one to the other as we track down the street, showing their increasing proximity. the tracking and the cuts need to be slow. the attack needed to be longer, clearer and better blocked. as it stands, the scene has a strong "made for television" feel, and a low budget one at that.after this scene we move to the present and the flow of the film greatly improves. the story has a lot of similarities to the amityville horror (1979), though the budget forces a much subtler approach. millar and scriptwriter tony morphett effectively create a lot of slyly creepy scenarios, often dramatic in nature instead of special effects-oriented, such as the mysterious man who arrives to take away the old slabs of iron, which had been bizarrely affixed to an interior wall.for some horror fans, the first section of the film might be a little heavy on realist drama. at least the first half hour of the film is primarily about julie and peter trying to arrange financing for the house and then trying to settle in. but morphett writes fine, intelligent dialogue. the material is done well enough that it's often as suspenseful as the more traditional thriller aspects that arise later--especially if you've gone through similar travails while trying to buy your own house.once they get settled and things begin to get weirder, even though the special effects often leave much to be desired, the ideas are good. the performances help create tension. there isn't an abundance of death and destruction in the film--there's more of an abundance of home repair nightmares. but neither menace is really the point.the point is human relationships. there are a number of character arcs that are very interesting. the house exists more as a metaphor and a catalyst for stress in a romantic relationship that can make it go sour and possibly destroy it. that it's in a posh neighborhood, and that the relationship is between two successful yuppies, shows that these problems do not only afflict those who can place blame with some external woe, such as money or health problems. peter's character evolves from a striving corporate employee with "normal" work-based friendships to someone with more desperation as he becomes subversive, scheming to attain something more liberating and meaningful. at the same time, we learn just how shallow those professional friendships can be. julie goes through an almost literal nervous breakdown, but finally finds liberation when she liberates herself from her failing romantic relationship.although 13 gantry row never quite transcends its made-for-television clunkiness, as a tv movie, this is a pretty good one, with admirable ambitions. anyone fond of haunted house films, psycho films or horror/thrillers with a bit more metaphorical depth should find plenty to enjoy. it certainly isn't worth spending $30 for a dvd (that was the price my local pbs station was asking for a copy of the film after they showed it (factoring in shipping and handling)), but it's worth a rental, and it's definitely worth watching for free.

the performance by om puri, smita patil, and sadashiv amrapurkar and the whole chemistry comes off nicely, along with the minimalist approach to story telling and direction by govind nihlani. the dialogues by vijay tendulkar is also great. i have not seen another movie like this. it is one whole, each piece so nicely fit in the plot. you cannot not be impressed by this movie. amrish puri comes off as the bossy husband and 'baap' of om puri. om puri is the young man caught between his sense of duty and his inability to fight the system. sadhashiv as rama shetty gives just about the right touch to the movie with his smiling and soft speaking villain. the first meeting of anand velankar with rama shetty's at sadhashiv's place is absoulely stunning. smita patil does not play a main role, but her part is also not distracting from the main plot. and to add to this all kafi inamdar plays the role of a cop who has come to terms with the system and its workings. saying right things in the right places and knowing how to keep himself away from trouble. he is also the 'guru' of om puri and helps him whenever he gets into trouble.the movie not only brings to focus the difficulties faced by a police officer trying to do his duty but also the other side of brutalities in police custody. om puri captures hopelessness and the burning desire to break free in this exceptional performance in ardh satya. a treat to all avid fans of indian cinema.

directed by govind nihalani, this is definite cop film of indian cinema. may be the first one which portrayed the stark reality of corruption in the police force & politics with no holds barred & how it effects on a young cop. a man forced to join a career of a cop by his cop father. agreed that we grew up watching lot of good cop/bad cop hindi films but this is different. today's generation, which grown up watching dark & realistic films like- 'satya', 'company' may be consider it inferior product in comparison but look at the time of its making. the film was made absolutely off beat tone in the time when people didn't pay much attention to such kind of cinema & yet it becomes a most sought after cop film in class & mass audience when it released. for om puri its first breakthrough in mainstream hindi cinema & he delivered a class performance as inspector velankar. its more than cop character, he internalized a lot which is something original in acting. watch his scenes with his father whom he hates & smita whom he loves. smita patil maintained the dignity of her character to the expected level. my god what a natural expressions she carried!!! shafi inamdar was truly a discovery for me & he's a brilliant character actor if given a chance & here in some of the scenes he outsmarted even om. the movie is also a debut of a promising villain on indian screen- sadashiv amrapurkar as 'rama shetty'. it's another story that he didn't get such a meaty role & almost forgotten today as one of the loud villain of dharmendra's b grade action films. watch the scene where om 1st time becomes a rebel for his father (played by amrish puri) & next both are sharing wine together. how inner truth started revealing for both the character with confronting feelings of love & hate for each other. two faces of indian police force- masculinity & impotency and in between lies- half truth (ardh satya)…kudos to nihalani's touch. the film won 2 national awards as best hindi feature film & best actor- om puri & 3 filmfare awards in best film, best director & best supporting actor categories. recommended to all who are interested in nostalgia of serious hindi films.ratings- 8/10

after 'aakrosh' , this was the second film for govind nihalani as a director.till this movie was made there was no audience for documentaries in india.this movie proved a point that a documentary can fulfil the requirements of a commercial film without diluting its essence. it was one of the successful movies in the year in which it was released. this movie contested against the big banners of the bollywood like'coolie', 'betaab','hero' in 1983.smithapatel, in this movie acted more like a conscience of the hero whenever he drifted away or lost his composure she was there to remind him. she was not like an usual heroine to do the usual stuff of running around the trees and shrubs.at one time,she even gave up her love when the hero's ruthlessness touched the roof top.there was another character in this movie, which was played by om puri contemporary, naseeruddin shah.he played as an inspector-turned-alcoholic character.the role conveyed the message of the end result of a honest cop who rubbed the wrong side of the system which also gave the viewers a chance to forecast the hero's ending.in his debut film,sadashiv amrapurkar captivated the audience with his cameo role which ultimately won him the best supporting actor by the filmfare.the cop in the movie was not a complete straight forward personality he was able to adjust to the system to an extent. the anger which left half handedly continued in govind nihalani's other film "drohkaal". even after two decades, this movie is remembered just because of the director and the entire crew. each one played their part par excellence.

"ardh satya" is one of the finest film ever made in indian cinema. directed by the great director govind nihalani, this one is the most successful hard hitting parallel cinema which also turned out to be a commercial success. even today, ardh satya is an inspiration for all leading directors of india.the film tells the real-life scenario of mumbai police of the 70s. unlike any police of other cities in india, mumbai police encompasses a different system altogether. govind nihalani creates a very practical outlay with real life approach of mumbai police environment.amongst various police officers & colleagues, the film describes the story of anand velankar, a young hot-blooded cop coming from a poor family. his father is a harsh police constable. anand himself suffers from his father's ideologies & incidences of his father's atrocities on his mother. anand's approach towards immediate action against crime, is an inert craving for his own job satisfaction. the film is here revolved in a plot wherein anand's constant efforts against crime are trampled by his seniors.this leads to frustrations, as he cannot achieve the desired job-satisfaction. resulting from the frustrations, his anger is expressed in excessive violence in the remand rooms & bars, also turning him to an alcoholic.the spirit within him is still alive, as he constantly fights the system. he is aware of the system of the metro, where the police & politicians are a inertly associated by far end. his compromise towards unethical practice is negative. finally he gets suspended.the direction is a master piece & thoroughly hard core. one of the best memorable scenes is when anand breaks in the underworld gangster rama shetty's house to arrest him, followed by short conversation which is fantastic. at many scenes, the film has hair-raising moments.the practical approach of script is a major punch. alcoholism, corruption, political influence, courage, deceptions all are integral part of mumbai police even today. those aspects are dealt brilliantly.finally, the films belongs to the one man show, om puri portraying anand velankar traversing through all his emotions absolutely brilliantly.

an absolute classic !! the direction is flawless , the acting is just superb. words fall short for this great work. the most definitive movie on mumbai police. this movie has stood the test of times.om puri gives a stellar performance, smita patil no less. all the actors have done their best and the movie races on thrilling you at every moment. this movie shakes your whole being badly and forces you to rethink about many issues that confront our society.this is the story of a cop (om puri ) who starts out in his career as a honest man but ultimately degenerates into a killer. the first attempt in bollywood to get behind the scenes and expose the depressing truth about mumbai cops. kudos to nihalani !! after this movie a slew of bollywood movies got released that exposed the criminal-politician-police nexus. thus this movie was truly a trend setter. this trend dominated the hindi movie scene for more than a decade. this movie was a moderate box office hit. a must-see for discerning movie fans.

govind nihalani's directorial venture of vijay tendulkar's novel is brilliant. om puri plays an inspector velankar who is forced to protect underworld don rama shetty, played brilliantly by sadahiv amrapurkar. this is govind nihlan's most talked about movie. this is a very good and a classic film. smita patil plays the female lead opposite om puri. naseeruddin shah is brilliant in a cameo role. although sadashiv amrapurkar has only 4 scenes in the movie he dominates the movie. this was sadashiv amrapurkars acting debut.om puri won a national award for this film for the best actor. filmfare award winner for best film,story,supporting actor(sadashiv amrapurkar).

any story comprises a premise, characters and conflict. characters plotting their own play promises triumph, and a militant character readily lends oneself to this. ardh satya's premise is summarized by the poem of the same name scripted by dilip chitre. the line goes - "ek palde mein napunsaktha, doosre palde mein paurush, aur teek tarazu ke kaante par, ardh satya ?". a rough translation - "the delicate balance of right & wrong ( commonly seen on the busts of blind justice in the courts ) has powerlessness on one plate and prowess on another. is the needle on the center a half-truth ? "the poem is recited midway in the film by smita patil to om puri at a resturant. it makes a deep impact on the protagonist & lays the foundation for much of the later events that follow. at the end of the film, om puri ends up in exactly the same situation described so aptly in the poem.the film tries mighty hard to do a one-up on the poem. however, chitre's words are too powerful, and at best, the film matches up to the poem in every aspect.

i really like miikes movies about yakuza, this one i saw about 2 years ago and it really fu**ed my head. never before seen such a sick and twisted thing. the story is good and the actors do their thing very well. i haven't seen the uk or japan version, but i have to say that i believe that the german dvd is a bit censored. if you haven't seen the movie already and live in germany maybe you better look out for a dvd from the nederlands or austria. the i-on dvd contains a lot of very hard and nasty scenes, but at the showdown i felt that something was missing, about one or two very short scenes.all in all a good perverted movie with crazy characters and a high level of violence, that's what i like miike for!!

anyone new to the incredibly prolific takashi miike's work might want to think twice about making this startling film their first experience of this truly maverick director. in keeping with miike's working practice of taking any work that comes his way and then grafting his own sensibilities onto the script, this is at heart a fairly basic yakuza thriller, with a morally ambiguous cop chasing a gang which his lawyer brother has fallen in with. what takes the movie out of the realms of the same-old same-old however, is the utterly unflinching attitude so some of the most sudden and horrific violence seen in today's cinema. and this isn't that nice cool, clean violence so beloved of us cinema - this stuff is nasty, painful and hurts! that said, the pace is breakneck, the characters are unusual without being just being burdened with stock eccentricities, miike's sense of humour reveals itself and the most unexpected moments, and his camera is never quite where you expect it to be, making it hard to look away from the screen, whatever he might be showing you! it doesn't have the "ohmigod" ending of "dead or alive," but if you're not squeamish, now's the time to get on board the miike bandwagon before he ends up on some hollywood studio's "new john woo" shopping list...

the movie starts something like a less hyper-kinetic, more pastiche dead or alive: strange underground activities are done while bodies are discovered by police officers. but when a police officer is killed, one tatsuhito gets involved... and when he discovers that his brother shihito is also involved, things get bloody quite fast.an earlier work of miike's, shinjuku triad society is still filled with his usual in the ol' ultraviolence and sadistic sex acts, though it's not one of his more eclectic or flamboyant pieces. rather, it's a pretty well crafted bit of pulp fiction, as tatsuhito digs his way through the underground, a maze that leads him to a gay triad leader who sells illegally gained body organs from taiwan and keeps an almost-brothel of young boys (one in particular the character who kills the cop at the beginning). tatsuhito's brother is getting involved with said society, so tatsuhito himself is forced to become a dirty cop and use similarly violent and sadistic tactics to penetrate into this sordid realm.what's mainly interesting about this little bit of work is the relationship tatsuhito has with his nemesis, wang. tatsuhito is a japanese born in china, later moved back into japan, and alienated for it. wang is a chinese who felt alienated in china, so killed his father and developed a crime wing in japan. wang also is a surprisingly shakespearian character, which is weird enough as it is, much less that you actually begin to feel sorry for him by the time his ultimate showdown with tatsuhito comes to be. and tatsuhito himself is a similarly tragic figure when he's forced to contend with his lack of ability to control his brother. while it would be rude to state that miike's movies are successful mostly on their shock value, it is true that sometimes it's easy to lose track of how well miike can create bitter, dis-impassioned characters.--polarisdib

while not as wild and way out as some of takashi miike's later films this is a very good crime drama. the basic story is the story of a cop of japanese cop with chinese parents trying to take down an up and coming chinese mobster. complicating things is that his younger brother is acting as the lawyer for the villain and his gang. the film is actually much more complicated than that with several complications which both keep things interesting and distract things from the central narrative thrust. its this complication and loss of way about an hour into the film that makes this less than a great film.(it is a very very good one) this is definitely worth seeing especially if you don't mind a no frantic pace.a word of warning, the violence when it happens is explosive and nasty. there are also semi-graphic depictions of gay sex. if thats not your cup of tea, proceed with caution.7 or 8 out of 10.

i found this a bit hard to follow to the extent that it seemed to dip in the middle while i tried to make head or tail of who was fighting who and why. one of the problems is the cultural/language one. here we have a chinese/taiwanese/japanese problem of which we know little and because we are simply reading english subtitles inevitably loose some of the subtleties. another problem is that there seem to be just too many only half explained twists and coincidences. nevertheless, it seems unlikely that there is a wholly bad miiki film and this certainly is not that. plenty of stylish and bone crunching violence, a window upon some less than orthodox sexual goings on plus the family aspect. all in all a decent ride but maybe checking out the storyline might actually be helpful before watching this one.

shinjuku triad society: chinese mafia wars is unlikely to get distribution in the west outside film festivals. why? could your censors stomach a film where policemen anally rape male and female suspects to get them to talk (and the victims enjoy it) or see an old lady have her eye torn out of her skull? these are just a few of the shocks in store for viewers of this ultraviolent cops and gangsters story. it makes clockwork orange which was banned for years in the uk look like a disney cartoon.should you see this film? yes it is fantastic and essential viewing for fans of asian cinema. the shocking moments are there to illustrate what goers on in the world of these characters. if you like this make sure you catch dead or alive which is very similar (barring the insane ending in doa of course). great for japan that they have a talent like miike working at the same time as takeshi kitano. the best chance of seeing this film outside a takashi miike retrospective at a film festival is on dvd. if i haven't put you off try hunting for a hong kong version on the web as i'm sure it will come out in that country.

shinjuku triad society, albeit from perfect, is a fiercely compelling film for what it tries to depict in its uber-conventional realm. it's a yakuza/triad picture, involving cops versus japanese &/or chinese gangsters (mostly chinese, as the title suggests), but already even in his first technical 'debut', takashi miike is already establishing many aspects to films that he would make from here-on in. social issues like black market trading of precious goods, in this case human organs usually from children; nostalgia for childhood and one's roots, which was especially prevalent in dead or alive 2; thumbing-of-the-nose at taboos like gay sex and (satirical) rape/violence towards women; blood-curdling violence. it's certainly not as surreal as some of miike's most recent films, but this is expected as he's trying out things that he's just starting to learn, following a track record of straight to video programmers. it's got all of those qualities, and it's also, like the films that would follow from it, equally savage and heartfelt, crazy (in spots) and sardonic in its drama, and solid for genre fans.the story concerns two brothers, one a chinese orphan raised in japan, tatsuhito kiriya (kippei shiina, pretty decent as a eastwood-esquire anti-hero/hero), who's become a detective, and another, who's become a gangster, or a would-be one. the main arch likely takeover gang comes from wang (a definite pun on what the gang represents during its spare-time, played by tomorowo taguchi as a typical wacko with real terror in his eyes), and his partner karino (takeshi caesar, who's threatening even when just repeating a commandment over and over to a woman who's just had her eye plugged out following a sour deal), who are the ruthless kind to pop up almost organically in a miike movie. there's some intrigue involving the organ-trading scheme with the gangsters, which kiriya almost becomes a victim of, and the gang's penchant for gay sex- at least with one little puppet of sorts who does whatever the main gangsters want. it all leads up to vengeance and redemption, qualities that miike and his writer are trying to emulate from shakespeare (hence the macbeth bit with wang washing his bloody hangs over and over after some gay sex saying "it won't come off").if it doesn't add up to the same emotional level of impact that a great shakespeare play would have, it's par for the course of a film like this. miike's goals are met, though just met, in his low-scale ambitions: a gangster picture with some added levels of harsh familial trouble (the main tension between the brothers comes out of profession and duty to parents), notes on the crueler aspects of underworld crime, and what the realm of unrepentant sex, with both sexes, brings out psychologically in the characters. at the same time, shinjuku triad society also contains more than a few moments of classic biting black-comedy from the miike oeuvre. some of it just has to be taken with a grain of salt for what the director does in his outrageousness, like the bit at the beginning with the chair smashing over the face, or the randomness of the "interrogation" as it goes into a very twisted area. there's even a laugh-out-loud line from the young sex-slave after finishing an act on one of the bosses: "thank you, mr. weeny-burger." miike and his writer don't have enough here to make the film a full-on dark comedy like ichi or, of course, visitor q, but there's enough to bring some appropriate levity to the darker aspects to the story and characters.as the first entry of the "black society" trilogy, as it's called, i was quite impressed, and it's a fine quasi-calling card from one of the craziest new artists in contemporary cinema.

this movie is the first of miikes triad society trilogy, and the trilogy kicks of to a great start. the movies in the trilogy are only connected thematically, and these themes are actually apparent in all his films, if you look close enough. shinjuku triad society is about a cop trying to prevent his kid brother from getting too involved with a rather extreme gang of outsiders, struggling their way to the top of tokyos yakuza. the kid brother is a lawyer, and the triad gang is becoming increasingly in need of one, as the movie progresses. the movie takes place in a very harsh environment, and is therefore pretty violent and tough. miike has done worse, but since this is a serious movie it hits you very hard. as usual there is also a lot of perverted sex, mostly homosexual in this one. the movie is in many ways a typical gangster movie, but with a great drive and true grittiness. if you've only seen miikes far-out movies (ichi the killer, fudoh etc.) this is worth checking out since it is sort of a compromise between his aggressive over-the-top style displayed in those movies and his more serious side, as seen in the other films of the trilogy. and as always with miike, there are at least two scenes in this that you'll never forget (see it and figure out which ones for yourself).8/10

a lot has been said about shinjuku triad society as the first true "miike" film and i thought this sort of description might have been a cliché. but, like all clichés, it is based on the truth. all the miike trademarks are here, the violence, the black humour, the homosexuality, the taboo testing and the difficult to like central character. shinjuku is however, one of miike's most perfectly formed films. he says in an interview that if he made it again it would be different, but not necessarily better. i think what he means is that the film possesses a truly captivating energy and raw edge which seems so fresh that although he might be able to capture a more visually or technically complex movie he could not replicate or better the purity of this film. as you might expect, the violence is utterly visceral, gushing blood and gritty beatings are supplemented by a fantastic scene in which a woman has a chair smashed over her face. (only a miike film could let you get away with a sentence like that.) the film has a fantastic pace, unlike dead or alive which begins and ends strongly and dips in the middle. dead or alive also deals with similar issues, miike is clearly concerned about the relations between the japanese and chinese in the postwar period and this emotive subject is handled well here, the central character really coming to life when you begin to understand his past. i cannot sing shinjuku's praises enough. i do not want to give away too much. this is miike before he began to use cgi to animate his films and is almost reminiscent of something like kitano's sonatine. the central characters are superbly realized and the final twist guarantees that as soon as the film has finished you'll be popping it back on again to work it all out.

though structured totally different from the book by tim krabbé who wrote the original 'the vanishing' (spoorloos) it does have the same overall feel, except for that koolhoven's style is less business-like and more lyric. the beginning is great, the middle is fine, but the sting is in the end. a surprise emotional ending. as you could read in several magazines there is some sex in the film, but it is done all very beautifully. never explicit, but with lots of warmth and sometimes even humour. it is a shame american films can't be as open an honoust as this one. where dutch films tend to go just over the edge when it comes to this subject, 'de grot' stays always within the boundaries of good taste. 'de grot' tells an amazing story stretched over more than 30 years. when you'll leave the cinema you'll be moved. what can we ask more of a film? anyway, this film even gives more....

tim krabbe is the praised author of 'het gouden ei', a novel that was put on the screen twice ('spoorloos' and 'the vanishing'). one of the dutch writer's more recent works is 'de grot', a psychological thriller about two totally different men, egon and axel, who meet at a youth camp and, surprising enough, become friends for dear life. egon is a quiet, somewhat dull person, who spends his time studying and writing geography books. axel, on the other hand, is a charismatic 'party-animal', a heavy drinking criminal whose everyday's concern is to get a woman into his bedroom. from the moment they meet, axel has a strong influence on egon, while the latter envies him because he has a good life without really doing anything (such as reading thick books like egon); ultimately, egon is even dragged by egon into illegal practices himself, which leads to a fatal drug transport in a distant asian country.after having read the book last year, i was surprised the critics were quite positive about it. in my opinion, the book suffers especially from the complex structure. while krabbe presents the story as an absorbing portrait of an uncommon relationship between two people, the plot becomes more of a puzzle: the many episodes are not presented chronologically, so that two successive scenes are seldom in the same episode. because of this, the story feels surprisingly remote: you often need to know a character's background to really care for him or her. another complaint was the fact that the main characters, egon and axel, are a little stereotypical. egon is 'the' dull intellectual, while axel is his exact opposite. in real life, such one-dimensional people rarely exist; in books and films, they always seem to be there, taking away a lot of credibility.despite all this, the film was a pleasant surprise, being much better than the book. the adaptation excels in its beautiful cinematography, humour and acting: fedja van huet (egon) is one of the few dutch actors who can make you forget he is acting (which is, in my opinion, the highest an actor can achieve). the drawbacks of the film, however, are the same as the book's: mainly because the characters are one-dimensional, they are so predictable that it becomes annoying. guess who wrote the script? indeed, krabbe himself. it is obvious that this talented director (that's what the movie makes clear anyway) is hampered by a deficient screenplay. perhaps koolhoven should just have chosen a better book.7/10

'de grot' is a terrific dutch thriller, based on the book written by tim krabbé. another of his books, 'het gouden ei' was made into the great dutch mystery thriller called 'spoorloos' ('the vanishing') in 1988. this one is not as good as that thriller (although much better than the american remake also called 'the vanishing') but there are times it comes close.especially the opening moments are terrific. we see a man, later we learn his name is egon wagter (fedja van huêt), coming from a plane in thailand. when he picks up his bags it is pretty clear that he is smuggling something across the border. these scenes are perfectly directed, photographed and acted. a kind of suspense is created that you would normally not have in an opening scene like this. later we see how egon makes his deal in thailand with a woman, both stating that they have never done anything like this.from this point the movie is constantly flashback and flash-forward. we see how egon, still as a child (here played by erik van der horst), befriends a guy named axel (as a kid played by benja bruijning). we learn how they grew up as friends, sort of, and how axel (as an adult played by marcel hensema) became a criminal. egon in the meanwhile goes to college and settles with a woman. around this time he sometimes meets axel but does not really want anything to do with him.the movie is chronological in a way. it shows egon and axel as kids, than as students, young adults, and in their mid-thirties. but from time to time, like i said, the movie goes back to when they were kids and jumps forward again. every time we see them as kids it explains something that happens when they are adults.minor spoilers herein.the title means 'the cave', and it is the cave that gives the movie its happy ending, although it is in fact not that happy. like the beginning, the ending is terrific. the middle part of the movie is entertaining and in a way it distracts our attention of the first scenes, only to come back at that point in the end. it is the editing that gives the movie its happy ending, although we can say the dramatic ending is happy in a way as well.

though structured totally different from the book by tim krabbé who wrote the original 'the vanishing' (spoorloos) it does have the same overall feel, except for that koolhoven's style is less business-like and more lyric. the beginning is great, the middle is fine, but the sting is in the end. a surprise emotional ending. as you could read in several magazines there is some sex in the film, but it is done all very beautifully. never explicit, but with lots of warmth and sometimes even humour. it is a shame american films can't be as open an honoust as this one. where dutch films tend to go just over the edge when it comes to this subject, 'de grot' stays always within the boundaries of good taste. 'de grot' tells an amazing story stretched over more than 30 years. when you'll leave the cinema you'll be moved. what can we ask more of a film? anyway, this film even gives more....

de grot is a very good film. the great plot comes from the novel by tim krabbé, who also adapted this story for the screen. some really top-class acting, not only by van huêt, but especially by marcel hensema, who mostly did tv-work prior to his performance of axel van de graaf. the film seems to kick of as a thriller, and sets an excellent mood. then we start to learn about egon wagter and axel van de graaf, and the story is revealed bit by bit in a very compelling flash-back structure, which adds to the more romantic aspect and the character-driven drama of the movie. in the end this all culminates into an emotional ending, that will grab audiences by their throats. make sure you know as little as possible about the plot when you are going to see this movie. a must-see, especially if you liked 'spoorloos' (the vanishing's original screen adaptation).

this would have worked a lot better if it had been made as "mitchell in malta." at least then we would have been spared the sight of joe don baker running around an otherwise scenic mediterranean locale clad in that ridiculous looking cowboy outfit...not to mention acting like an old west gunslinger. mitchell being mitchell, the film wouldn't have suffered from a lack of gratuitous police brutality either. oh well. at least the comic comments of mike and the bots made this enjoyable fare as an episode of mst. i can't imagine watching it on it's own, however.

joe don baker is one of a handful of actors who is often better than his material, and almost always under appreciated. he's been in a ton of films either as a heavy or a hero, and has the type of strong, solid presence that wallace beery did half a century before him. baker can delivery material that would sound ridiculous coming out of another actor, and that's what's so great about him. he really seems to mean what he's saying, regardless of how cliché, obvious or silly, which puts him in a league with tommy lee jones, oliver reed and don stroud. it's what made the walking tall trilogy work so well, and that same magic is here in final justice. this was a substantial hit in theaters and on video in the 80s, and it has aged a lot better than many of the perhaps better known action flicks of the era. by moving the action from texas to europe, there's a real timeless quality that doesn't jar you away from the action on screen. to be honest, i've always enjoyed the films of greydon clark, who is a no-nonsense director in the same vein as 1970s clint eastwood, and this is one of his best. final justice is one of the lost gems of the late 80s, similar to man on fire in its true grit and violence. i suppose if they remake this with the rock, a whole new audience will come to love it as much as i do.

as a kid, i loved this game. i played it a zillion times during spring 1993 with my friend andrew. i used to play axel or blaze and he would be adam and no matter how often we played it we never seemed to get bored. then streets of rage 2 came out. and we quickly forgot that this one even existed.you play as ex-cops axel stone, adam or blaze fielding, who have quit the force in order to take on the bad guys in their own way. there are 8 levels to work thru in a run-down and corrupt city led by the evil mr x. beating up all the bad guys and the end-of-level boss is much fun. level 4 (the bridge) was my fave because you could chuck baddies down the holes into the river. you even have the chance to become mr. x's right hand man at the end of the game (at a price). this leads to the 'bad ending' in which you become the the boss of the syndicate. exactly how this is possible is a mystery since you destroy the syndicate on your way to mr. x, but never mind.streets of rage also has truly fantastic music. the composer yuzo koshiro did absolute miracles with the limited technology of the sega genesis. the main theme, level one, level 4 and final boss are standout tunes. as a wii owner i am proud to have this forever on my console. but with streets of rage 2 also available, it does kind of render the first one somewhat obsolete.pros:average graphics but nice backgrounds represented in a comic-book like panel progression that fits the tone of the game.great tunes.easy to get into and hard to put down.cons:vastly inferior to the infinitely more complex streets of rage 2.poor enemy ai. baddies often walk away from you instead of engaging in combat. this is especially infuriating with the level 5 boss.lack of combo moves.lack of decent weapons.bad guy models are repeated far too often.graphics b- sound a- gameplay b- lasting appeal b-

we have to remember that the 50's were practically a blank slate when it came to movies. hollywood was in transition from patriotic war movies, noir, two reel oaters, etc to movies with a message. we had blackboard jungle, on the waterfront and so on. some folks might think that was an improvement. i don't. who was the mogul who said: if you want to send a message, call western union? he was right. these psychological thrillers are less entertainment than some kind of remote therapy.this one is a pip. it's about three sisters trying to wrest control of their dead father's estate. one of them, maybe the only one worth redemption enlists the aid of the company pilot to help her keep the rest of the family at bay. he's initially in it for the bucks, but eventually falls for her. meanwhile the rest of the family schemes to sabotage the romance. the results are predictable. you get a little bit of everything in this movie. sexual tension between the sisters. a little subtle masochism. hereditary insanity - if there is such a thing. we never get to meet the parents, but they must really have been screwed up the cast is practically unknown. one or two of the actors sound vaguely familiar. the acting is so bad it's hard to believe. it was released under the united artists umbrella by a company called bel-air productions. it was shot in and around la mostly at night and probably without permits. the end was so bizarre that i thought it was a joke. it was as if they ran out of money and the producer decided to wrap it up in the middle of a scene.i can't explain it - not even to myself - but i gave this pile of trash an 8/10. i'm familiar with the term "it's so bad it's good", but i don't think i ever ran into the phenomenon before. well, maybe "hot rods to hell", but this one certainly fits. you might want to try this if you love movies that seem like they were made in somebody's basement.

when a rich tycoon is killed in a plane crash, his spinster twin sister, martha craig (madge kennedy), doesn't believe he grabbed the controls in a suicide dive (even though self-snuff runs in the family) but his three beautiful daughters couldn't care less. the pilot, jim norton (john bromfield), goes to work for valerie craig (kathleen hughes) who soon coerces him into helping her wrest control of the estate from her troubled sister, lorna (sara shane) and the family lawyer (jess barker). valerie wants norton to seduce lorna when he's not fending off the advances of another sister, the nymphet vicki (marla english), but her plans are thrown into a tailspin when norton falls for his prey. all bets are off as a world of woe -including corporate chicanery, seductions, suicides, blackmail, a murder plot, the mann act, double-crosses, disfigurement, and poetic justice- befall "craig manor", an imposing mansion on a bluff overlooking the sea...this preposterous potboiler would have made a perfect second feature for written on the wind, also from 1956. douglas sirk's saga of a powerful (and powerfully dysfunctional) oil clan was said to have inspired the 1980s night-time tv serial dallas but the craig's low-brow excursion into insanity seems right out of it's sinful sister-soap, dynasty. all three siblings (only one of whom is really bad) are great beauties but it's kathleen hughes' cartoon villainy that stands out. valerie is relentless in her quest to inherit the family fortune and her unbridled enthusiasm for evil is one of the movie's many guilty pleasures. teenage sister vicki is quite a piece of work as well, reminiscent of carmen sternwood in the big sleep. when they first meet, she pulls the equivalent of trying to sit on norton's lap while he's still standing by coming on to him with the line "i graduated summa cum laude from embrace-able u." whew!three bad sisters, produced by schlockmeister howard w. koch, is a terrific trash-wallow in exploitation excess and the cast is b-movie heaven: marla "she creature" english, 50s hunk john "revenge of the creature" bromfield (once married to french sexpot corinne calvet), universal starlet sara shane (discovered by hedy lamarr), jess "mr. susan hayward" barker, kathleen "it came from outer space" hughes, and former silent screen star madge kennedy give it all they've got -however much or little that is. future eurotrash star brett halsey (trumpet of the apocalypse) is seen briefly as one of vicki's victims.b-movie rating: 10/10 marla (and her body english) made marvelous movies! three bad sisters was recently seen on the big screen as part of the palm springs film noir festival but the jury's still wiping soap suds out of ...aw hell, it's noir (5/10 on the noirometer).

that hilarious line is typical of what these naughty sisters say. (it's funny on its own terms and pretty funny unintentionally , too.) only two of the sisters are really bad. boy, are they bad, too! one is given to pinup poses and salacious comments where e'er she goes. the other is got up to look like marilyn monroe. she has those sensual, slightly parted lips. and, not to give anything away, she is even more bad than the other.all three sisters are played by starlets. the man who stumbles into their lives is played by john bromfield. he had something of a career.this looks today like possibly the first mainstream soft-core porn ever marketed. well, of course not the first but the raciest at that time.the girls wear as little as possible and let's not forget about the female audience members: bromfield is shown shaving with an electric razor -- whose fetish was this? -- bare-chested. he also is shown sopping wet in a swimsuit.there's a real plot here, too: the girls' family, see, is cursed. they are prone to suicide -- or dramatic deaths that can be made to seem like suicide.the movie is not bad. i truly don't know where it was shown. maybe it was made for drive-ins. somehow, and i could be wrong, i felt that the typical male audience was not the primary target here. the women are scantily dressed. they often resemble lurid covers of mags like police detective or jackets of dime novels.but the guy seems to be the central focus. not everyone in the movie likes him, but all the girls love him. and i think the audience is meant to also.it's lots of fun -- and on its own terms, too.

just the ultimate masterpiece in my opinion. every line, every phrase, every picture is exactly in place and lindsay crouse and joe mantegna are just the cool shrink and the sleazy con-man, so well cast. 10 out of 10!

"house of games" is a flawlessly constructed film, and one of the few films i have seen that had me gaping at the screen in astonishment at how cleverly and unexpectedly it ends. i first saw it on video a few years back after reading roger ebert's review, which proclaimed it the best film of 1987. i had my doubts, mainly because it is not quite as well known as other films from that year. boy, was i in for a surprise. this was one of the smartest, most well-written movies i had ever seen.the screenplay is quite a piece of work, not only in terms of the plot (which twists and turns and pulls the rug out from under you just when you think you have it all figured out), but also in terms of character development. on my second viewing, i began to realize that mamet's screenplay succeeds not only as a clever suspense film, but that each plot development contributes to our understanding of the characters and their motivations. the climax of the movie is particularly effective, because it is absolutely inevitable. it stems naturally from what we know about the characters, and it is therefore much more than just an arbitrary twist ending. the performances by lindsay crouse and joe mantegna also add enormously to the film. i cannot picture any other actor besides mantegna playing the role of mike, and crouse plays her role with just the right amount of restraint to suggest a repressed criminal mindset. their work, plus mamet's extraordinary screenplay, combine to create one of the greatest films of the 1980's. it is truly a must-see.

just watched the film for the 3rd time and enjoyed lindsay crouse and the rest of the cast just as much as before. it just keeps getting better and better. you simply have to marvel at the carefully measured way of speech, the slow deliberate action, everything being exactly in place.truly one of the great ones and definitely my all-time favourite!!!

unique movie about confused woman (lindsay crouse) who gets involved with sharp con men. joe mantegna gives an oscar-caliber performance as the slickest of the group. absolutely enchanting first hour, as mantegna shows crouse "the ropes" of his con games. story line unravels a bit later on, but still stands as a unique portrayal of an innocent caught up in a dark world. definitely worth a shot.

house of games has a strong story where obsession and illusion play a big part. a psychologist offers to help a patient with his gambling debts and gets caught at the game.have you ever felt fascination for something that was both dangerous and wrong? watch what happens if you pursue this urge and go all the way. sit on the edge of your chair as tricksters are being tricked and victims turn into perpetrators. you're never sure of who is exactly who in this movie.this is both a quality and a drawback of the script. as the movie ends you feel that the story lacks a bit of consistency. but all this is largely compensated by the excellent psychological development.this is definitely one of the best movies about gambling.

plenty has been written about mamet's "the house of games"; most of it good. i decided to revisit the flick to see how it held up after 17 years and was surprised at how much i enjoyed viewing it again. the film's success and durability probably has much to do with two principal ingredients which are always fun on film; a good story and a good scam. mamet manages to bring his signature moodiness and obvious histrionics to the film while scamming us, the audience, and the mark simultaneously. then he explains the art of conning only to do it again, etc. all the while building the story. "the house of games", now a freebie on cable, is worth a look for first timers and an okay rerun for mamet fans. (b+)

this typical mamet film delivers a quiet, evenly paced insight into what makes a confidence man (joe mantegna) good. explored as a psychological study by a noted psychologist (lindsay crouse), it slowly pulls her into his world with the usual nasty consequences. the cast includes a number of the players found is several of mamet's films (steven goldstein, jack wallace, ricky jay, andy potok, allen soule, william h. macy), and they do their usual good job. i loved lindsay crouse in this film, and have often wondered why she didn't become a more noted player than she has become. perhaps i'm not looking in the right places!the movie proceeds at a slow pace, with flat dialog, yet it maintains a level of tension throughout which logically leads to the bang-up ending. you'd expect a real let down at the ending, but i found it uplifting and satisfying. i love this movie!

in the spirit of the classic "the sting", this movie hits where it truly hurts... in the heart! a prim, proper female psychiatrist, hungry for adventure, meets up with the dirtiest and rottenest of scoundrals. the vulnerable doctor falls for the career badman, and begs to be involved in his operation. while the movie moves kind of "slow", it's climax and ending are stunning! you'll especially enjoy how the doctor "forgives herself"!

a film destined to be on late-night tv long after the present instant "money-makers" have long been forgotten. perhaps a little too subtle for today's youngsters, but in time they'll grow into an appreciation of this movie.

this movie should not be compared to "the sting", or other caper/heist/con game films. what makes it such a great movie experience is what it has to say about relationships, deceit and trust. it's also a fairly cutting critique of psychiatry, given that the female protagonist is a shrink who is so easily deceived and then acts out in such a primitive manner in the finale. has mr mamet had an unfortunate experience in therapy? highly, hugely recommended!

ask yourself where she got the gun? remember what she was taught about the mark's mindset when the con is over? the gun had blanks and it was provided to her from the very beginning.when the patient comes back at the end she was supposed to see him drive away in the red convertible and lead her to the gang splitting up her 80 thousand.the patient was in on the con from the beginning.mantegna does not die in the end - the gun had blanks.there - enough spoilers for you there? this is why people are giving it such high ratings. it's extremely original because of the hidden ending and how it cons most of the audience.

i'm a big fan of films where people get conned, and house of games is almost the pinnacle of the 'films where people get conned' genre. in short, it's an exceptional thriller that keeps you on the edge of your seat by providing interesting characters with many levels, and never truly revealing what's happening, while throwing in many twists and surprises to upset completely what you've just seen. the film cons the audience on many occasions, and despite us knowing this; it's still difficult to guess where it's going, and every twist comes off as a surprise. as mentioned, i'm a big fan of cons in movies and the plot of this one follows a female psychiatrist who receives a patient with a huge debt owed to a fellow gambler. she then goes to the gambler in an attempt to help out her patient, and on the way gets drawn into the art of reading people in order to pull off a con.house of games breathes a sleazy atmosphere throughout, and david mamet does well in establishing his film's setting in the underground levels of the city. the film is well acted also, with all concerned bringing life and believability to their characters with the greatest of skill. joe mantegna stars as the con man at the heart of the film, and although his performance is a little under wrought, he's always solid and believable as the villain of the piece. lindsay crouse stars alongside him as the psychiatrist seduced by his work, and again is believable in her role. she may not be the greatest looker, but at least she can act. the way that the film executes it's plot is the main star of the show, however, and you will no doubt be amazed on multiple occasions as to how the film constantly manages to amaze and deceive the viewer. at times it's almost like we are in the thick of the action and being conned by the con men in the film. another thing that's great about this film is the way that it shows the audience how to pull off certain cons, which is useful if you're interested in making twenty bucks, say. all in all, house of games is a truly first rate thrill ride.

spoilers this is a gripping movie about grifters. but who is conning who here? when does the hunter turn into the prey? this gritty, dark movie is slow moving and seductive. it pulls you in and drags you down the proverbial garden path, only to waylay you just as you think you are safe.it has a riveting script, with good acting (at least from the leads). i didn't notice the background music, but it was never jarring, so it must have been done right.i was very surprised that i liked this movie, because i don't usually go for this genre but this one sucked me in and kept he hooked until the end.

get ready for it: this is one of my favourite films of all time. i am relatively unaware of david mamet's (writer and director) other works but after having watched this film half a dozen times(it's always a joy to watch), i can say without hesitation that he is a genius. this film is extremely well written, and quickly draws you in to its milieu of deceit, con-artistry and back room hustles. the feel of the film is very similar to the sting (1973) and it also pays homage to film noir.it's quite a psychologically complex film and will definitely get you thinking about the various plot twists and motives of the shady characters. it is slightly predictable at times but the shocking climax is always exciting to watch.generally, the acting is superb- especially joe mantegna- but someone who i watched the film with remarked to me that it's not a good idea to have a heroine (lindsay crouse) who is not only a gambler, a smoker and a thief but also sports a bad 80's hairdo. i agree, but i think she is nevertheless outstanding in the role.the less you know about the plot of this film, the better, just like mamet's most recent film, the spanish prisoner, because the ending will be even more impressive. just sit back and be prepared to be taken for a ride by a movie that comes dangerously close to brilliance.

opening the film with a bach toccata is an aural hint of what is to unfold in this intense drama. all the compositional devices bach perfected to keep his listener (and the performer) intrigued and entertained applies to this film. there isn't a mutual tenderness between the two lead characters and the lead female in the final scene i feel is justified in stating she was raped even though her victimizer feels she was forewarned that he was a cad. mamet compellingly explores the emotional chasm and differences between the genders but i feel he is clueless about how they actually compliment one another given a healthy sense of humor. if mamet ever developed a healthy humorous take on the interaction between the genders i wonder how this work would have ended? as it exists it is very somber and mean spirited.

this is very nearly a perfect film. the ideas would be repeated by mamet, but never told so succinctly. this is really about the failure of trust, of the human condition. the film weaves the idea that we are all criminals, no one is innocent. is there anyone alive today who hasn't seen this play out in our own society, every single day? the film is very much structured like a hitchcock thriller. except, there are no more innocent characters. the world is now completely polluted, ruined and everyone is participating in the con. could anything be more true?don't miss the soundtrack. it is wonderful.

"house of games" is definitely not without its flaws- plot holes, stiff acting, final scenes- but they do little to detract from the fun of watching a thriller that so methodically messes with your head. "house of games" does almost everything a good thriller is supposed to do. of course, this is not a huge feat given the fact that we're dealing with the the world of confidence men and the cons they perpetrate. so it stands to reason that we never really know what's going on, even though we think that we do. but that's what makes the film worthwhile for those who are game; a film for which repeated viewings are indulgences instead if necessities.it has a definite hitchcock slant to it. the film draws on some similar themes found his 1964 effort "marnie", considered a misfire when released but now regarded as one of the master's more thought-provoking works. one could easily consider the idea of lindsay crouse's character being the same as tippi hedrin's...ten year later perhaps. both are strong-willed loners, both with compulsive behaviors which compel them to walk too close to the shark pool. as crouse's repressed, up-tight character says, "what's life without adventure?" put your reality check on a low setting and enjoy swimming with the sharks!

wealthy psychiatrist lindsay crouse has just published her first novel and is feeling down about her profession feeling that it's hopeless to help her patients. a young gambling junkie client asks her to help him pay off his debts if he truly wants to help him get better. here she gets involved with joe mantegna. to reveal any more of the plot would spoil one hell of a fun movie and 'house of games' may very well be the best con movie i've seen. david mamet wrote and directed this gem that's full of snappy dialogue, great one-liners, and enough twists to keep you guessing til the end. crouse is perfect as the uptight psychiatrist needing a change and mantegna tops her as the devilishly sly con-man. and with the exception of a coincidence in the last quarter of the movie, the film is in utter control of it's audience; and we are loving the con.*** out of ****

house of games is spell binding. it's so nice to occasionally see films that are perfect tens. there are few movies i've seen that can grip you so quickly. from the opening scene this movie just gets you.i'm trying really hard not to give to much away to those who may not yet have seen this but there will be a few spoilers so don't read anymore if you don't want to know.i would say house of games is not just a superb film but is the best movie about con artists i have ever seen-bar none. from the moment the movie is over it begs to be replayed.lindsay crouse as margaret ford is simply perfection, from her mannerisms to the inflection of her voice she gets into the role immediately. joe mantegna was also wonderful. the dialogue in this movie has an unforced almost unscripted quality and these two people communicate as much in a look as they do with their voices. i also loved the way the movie was filmed, in that grainy, surreal type of way, it fit perfectly and helped make the film what it was.there were a few movies i've seen and loved that this reminded me of including the grifters and the usual suspects but really, house of games is completely different in it's way. margaret and mike are two of the most absorbing characters i've seen on the big screen and not only do they have screen chemistry that is strong and palpable from the moment they meet, but the buildup that starts from the moment they set eyes on each other is electrifying. you know something's going to happen but you have no idea what. and just when you think you've guessed what the "something" is, you realize you haven't even scratched the surface....house of games is one of those movies that may be lumped in to a certain genre of movie type but is essentially a movie about human nature. the character study is not just about the mind of the con artist but the victim as well. as the movie moves along and we get to know more and more about the main characters, we learn about them not just through what they say but how they say it. it is a great character study and is flawless in the way it speeds to it's conclusion.in closing, i'd rank this 10 of 10, call it (although not my absolute favorite film, pretty high on the list), most definitely outstanding and would go so far as to say it does rank as one of the best character studies and contains some of the best "twists" i've ever seen as well. although i love all types and genres of movies, when it comes to movies of the human psyche, it really doesn't get much better then this. see this movie.

here's my first david mamet directed film. fitting, since it was his first, as well. the story here is uneven and it moves along like any con movie, from the little cons to the big cons to the all-encompassing con. it's like "the grifters," but without that film's level of acting. (in that film, john cusack was sort of bland but that was the nature of his character.) the acting here is very flat (i sometimes wondered if the bland acting by crouse was supposed to be some sort of attack on psychoanalysis). at least in the beginning. it never gets really good, but it evolves beyond painfully stiff line reading after about ten minutes. early in the film, some of lindsay crouse's lines -- the way she reads them -- sound as if they're inner monologue or narration, which they aren't. with the arrival of mantegna things pick up.the dialogue here isn't as fun as it should be. i was expecting crackerjack ring-a-ding-ding lines that roll off the tongue, but these ones don't. it all sounds very read, rather than spoken. maybe mamet evolved after this film and loosened up, but if not, then maybe he should let others direct his words. he's far too precious with them here and as a result, they lose their rhythmic, jazzy quality. what's more strange is that other than this, the film doesn't look or feel like a play. the camera is very cinematic. my only problem with "glengarry glen ross" was that it looked too much like filmed theatre, but in that film the actors were not only accomplished, but relaxed and free. everything flowed.i wouldn't mind so much if it sounded like movie characters speaking movie lines -- or even play characters speaking play lines -- but here it sounds like movie (or even book) characters speaking play lines. it's a weird jumble of theatre and film that just doesn't work. that doesn't mean the movie is bad -- it isn't, it's often extremely entertaining. the best chunk is in the middle.it's standard con movie stuff: the new guy (in this case, girl) margaret ford (lindsay crouse) gets involved in the seedy con underworld. how she gets involved is: she's a psychiatrist and one of her patients, billy is a compulsive gambler. she wants to help him out with his gambling debt, so she walks into the house of games, a dingy game room where con men work in a back room. i'll admit the setup is pretty improbable. (were they just expecting crouse to come in? were they expecting she'd write a cheque? was billy in on it? one of these questions is definitely answered by the end, however.)and from here the cons are start to roll out. i found the beginning ones -- the little learner ones -- to be the most fun. we're getting a lesson in the art of the con as much as crouse is. we see the ending coming, and then we didn't see the second ending coming, and then the real ending i didn't see coming but maybe you did. the ball just keeps bouncing back and forth and by the last scene in the movie we realize that the second crouse walked into the house of games she found her true calling.i'm going to forgive the annoying opening, the improbable bits and the strange line-reading because there are many good things here. if the first part of the movie seems stagy, stick with it. after the half-hour mark it does really get a momentum going. if you want a fun con movie, then here she is. if you want mamet, go watch "glengarry glen ross" again -- james foley did him better.***

if your idea of a thriller is car chases, explosions, and dozens of people being mowed down by gunfire, then "house of games" is definitely not the movie for you. if you like and appreciate psychological drama and suspense, then, by all means, see it."house of games" tells the story of an esteemed psychologist and writer, dr. margaret ford (lindsay crouse), who tries to help a patient and gets involved in the shadowy world of con men led by the charismatic mike (joe mantegna). to say anything more about the plot would ruin the suspense. frankly, i find it hard to believe anyone who says they saw the twists coming. just like a clever con artist, this movie draws you into its web and lulls your vigilance.the story is taut and well-crafted, the dialogue smart and laconic, the acting uniformly good (mantegna is superbly charismatic). some have complained that dr. ford is not a very sympathetic character, and wondered why mamet would make lindsay crouse look so physically unattractive. but dr. ford is supposed to be cold and aloof; moreover, her homeliness is in a way essential to the plot (at one point, i believe that an injury to her sexual self-esteem is a key part of her motivation ... i'll say no more)."house of games" is a dark look at the underside of human nature that concludes on a note of discomforting ambiguity. it will hold your attention every second while you are watching, and stay with you for a long time afterwards.

house of games is a wonderful movie at multiple levels. it is a fine mystery and a shocking thriller. it is blessed with marvelous performances by lindsay crouse and joe montegna, and a strong, strong cast of supporting players, and it introduces ricky jay, card sharp extraordinaire, prestidigitator and historian of magic. its dialogue, written by david mamet, is spoken as if in a play of manners and gives the movie (in which reality is often in question) an extra dimension of unrealness.on the face of it, house of games is a convincing glimpse into the unknown world of cheats and con men, diametrically different from the sting, which was played merely for glamour and yuks. at this level it does succeed admirably.however, you cannot escape the examination at a deeper level of the odyssey of a woman from complacent professional competence to incredible strength and self realization. the only movie i know of which treats the theme of emergence of personal strength in a woman in as worthy a way is the underrated private benjamin. that thoroughly enjoyable movie unfortunately diffuses its focus, hopping among several themes and exploiting the fine performance of goldie hawn to chase after some easy laughs. house of games sticks to its business. as poe once said of a good short story, it drives relentlessly to its conclusion.there is another strain of movies-about-women, epitomized by thelma and louise, a big budget commercial money maker with the despicable theme that women are doomed, whether or not they realize their inner strengths. what tripe.as usual you really ought to see this film in a movie theater. it should be a natural for film festivals. nominate it for one near you if you get the chance.i bought the original version of house of games and gave it to my 23 year old daughter. better she should see it on a tv than not at all.

`the united states of kiss my ass'house of games is the directional debut from playwright david mamet and it is an effective and at times surprising psychological thriller. it stars lindsay crouse as best-selling psychiatrist, margaret ford, who decides to confront the gambler who has driven one of her patients to contemplate suicide. in doing so she leaves the safety and comfort of her somewhat ordinary life behind and travels `downtown' to visit the lowlife place, house of games.the gambler mike (played excellently by joe mantegna) turns out to be somewhat sharp and shifty. he offers crouse's character a deal, if she is willing to sit with him at a game, a big money game in the backroom, he'll cancel the patients debts. the card game ensues and soon the psychiatrist and the gambler are seen to be in a familiar line of work (gaining the trust of others) and a fascinating relationship begins. what makes house of games interesting and an essential view for any film fan is the constant guessing of who is in control, is it the psychiatrist or the con-man or is it the well-known man of great bluffs david mamet.in house of games the direction is dull and most of the times flat and uninspiring, however in every david mamet film it is the story which is central to the whole proceedings, not the direction. in house of games this shines through in part thanks to the superb performances from the two leads (showy and distracting) but mainly as is the case with much of mamet's work, it is the dialogue, which grips you and slowly draws you into the film. no one in the house of games says what they mean and conversations become battlegrounds and war of words. everyone bluffs and double bluffs, which is reminiscent of a poker games natural order. this is a running theme throughout the film and is used to great effect at the right moments to create vast amounts of tension. house of games can also be viewed as a `class-war' division movie. with lindsay crouse we have the middle-class, well-to-do educated psychiatrist and joe mantegna is the complete opposite, the working class of america earning a living by `honest' crime.the film seduces the viewer much like crouse is seduced by mantegna and the end result is ultimately a very satisfying piece of american cinema. and the final of the film is definitely something for all to see and watch out for, it's stunning.an extremely enjoyable film experience that is worth repeated viewings. 9/10

david mamet wrote the screenplay and made his directorial debut with `house of games,' a character study fraught with psychological overtones, in which a psychiatrist is lured into the dark world of the confidence game. margaret ford (lindsay crouse) has a successful practice and has written a best-selling novel, 'driven.' still, she is somewhat discontented with her own personal life; there's an emptiness she can neither define nor resolve, and it primes her vulnerability. when a patient, billy hahn (steven goldstein), confides to her during a session that he owes big money to some gamblers, and that they're going to kill him if he doesn't pay, she decides to intervene on his behalf. this takes her to the `house of games,' a seedy little dive where she meets mike (joe mantegna), a charismatic con-man who wastes no time before enticing her into his world. instead of the `twenty-five large' that billy claimed he owed, mike shows her his book, and it turns out to be eight hundred dollars. and mike agrees to wipe the slate clean, if she'll agree to do him one simple favor, which involves a card game he has going on in the back room. in the middle of a big hand, mike is going to leave the room for a few minutes; while he is gone, her job is to watch for the `tell' of one of the other players. by this time, not only margaret, but the audience, as well, is hooked. the dialogue, and mamet's unique style and the precise cadence with which his actors deliver their lines, is mesmerizing. as mike leads margaret through his compelling, surreal realm of existence, and introduces her to the intricacies of the con game, we are swept right along with her. from that first memorable encounter, when he demonstrates what a `tell' is and how it works, to the lessons of the `short con,' to the stunning climax of this film, mamet keeps the con going with an urgency that is relentless. and nothing is what it seems. in the end, margaret learns some hard lessons about life and human nature, and about herself. she changes; and whether or not it's for the better is open to speculation. mantegna is absolutely riveting in this film; he lends every nuance possible to a complex character who must be able to lead you willingly into the shadows, and does. crouse also turns in an outstanding performance here; you feel the rigid, up-tight turmoil roiling beneath that calm, self-assured exterior, and when her experiences with mike induce the change in her, she makes you feel how deeply it has penetrated. she makes you believe that she is capable of what she does, and makes you understand it, as well. the dynamic supporting cast includes mike nussbaum (joey), lilia skala (dr. littauer), j.t. walsh (the businessman), ricky jay (george) and william h. macy (sergeant moran). `house of games' is the quintessential mamet; he's written and directed a number of high-caliber plays and films since, and will no doubt grace us with more in the future. but this film will be the one that defines him; and you can go to the dictionary and look it up. you'll find it under `perfection.' this is one great movie you do not want to miss. i rate this one 10/10.

when i read other comment,i decided to watch this movie...first, cast specially michael madsen and tamer karadagli; good enough...film,very intelligence and interesting because ,cast have a lot of international specially european actor and actress like from turkey and russsia...second,story is basic and you can guess but if you interesting action good play you'll like in my opinion...third,final chapter is not special or interesting,it's regular like other action movies...finally,i recommend to watch this movie...and i hope you'll love it enjoy :d

roll is a wonderful little film. toby malone plays an 18 year old kid (very well acted, by the way) who is into soccer. malone's cousin takes him out the night before his big game on an adventure with many twists and turns involving two gym bags, a drug lord, some tough bikers, some cops, and some prostitutes ... and the movie keeps us guessing as to which characters are on which side of the law, what the contents of either gym bag is, and even what gender a key biker is. parts of it reminded me of lock stock and two smoking barrels.for me, roll reinforced three opinions that i already held before seeing roll. those opinions are: 1. i really want to visit australia one day. the country and cities are beautiful and it looks like such a cool place for a vacation.2. some of the best filmmakers in the are australian. the cinematography in roll was especially impressive. i loved the stylized colors and lighting in many of the scenes.3. australian women are hot!

mat spirogolou's (toby malone) family know he is a talented footballer, and are pleased when he secures an audition to join a big club. they hope that when he arrives in the city his cousin will look after him.but the cousins are like chalk and cheese: one a naive farm boy, the other a streetwise spendthrift who has managed to get mixed up with drug dealers and gangsters. mat is unlikely to have a quiet evening in before his big day.having missed his cousin george (damien robertson) on arrival in the city, mat encounters further trouble when a young biker takes him for a ride in more ways than one.toby malone, probably better known for his work in theatre, puts in a commendable performance as the bucolic teenager. there are telltale signs of a low budget, but as with so many other low-budget movies there's more fun, seemingly more spontaneity, and more charm, than there is to be seen in the average hollywood blockbuster.

i just sat through a very enjoyable fast paced 45 mins of roll.roll is about a country boy, mat (toby malone) who has dreams of becoming a sports star. mat travels to the city and is to be picked up by his cousin george (damien robertson). well, that was the plan anyway. george is involved with a gangster, tiny (john batchelor) and is making a delivery for him. needless to say, mat gets dragged into george's world. i thought it was great how mat teaches george some morals and respect while george teaches mat how to relax and enjoy life a little. toby and damien were well cast together and did an outstanding job.every character in the movie complimented each other very well, the two cops were great. david ngoombujarra brought some great comic relief to the movie. tiny played a likable gangster that reminded me of one of my favourite characters 'pando' from two hands.one of the other things that i liked about roll was that it showcased the cities that i grew up and lived in for 20 years, perth and fremantle. it was good to see sights and landmarks that i grew up with, especially the old ferris wheel.this rocks 'n' rolls

a country-boy aussie-rules player (mat) goes to the city the night before an all-important afl trial match, where he is to be picked up by his cousin. and then things go wrong.his no-hoper cousin has become mixed up in a drug deal involving local loan-shark / drug-dealer tiny (who looks like any gangster anywhere but is definitively australian). needless to say, mat becomes enmeshed in the chaos, and it isn't long before thoughts of tomorrow's match are shunted to the back of his mind as the night's frantic events unravel.accomplished western australian professional shakespearean actor toby malone puts in a sterling performance as young naive country-boy mat, and successfully plays a part well below his age. best support comes from john batchelor as tiny, and an entertaining role by david ngoombujarra as one of the cops following the events. roll is fast-paced, often funny, and a very worthwhile use of an hour.

i've just watched roll and what a pleasure it turned out to be. toby malone's performance really stood out, i found myself actually caring about what happens to matt throughout the whole of the film, which itself is a lot of fun, very pacey with a good mix of well rounded characters, quite an achievement considering it's short running time. there are plenty of good twists throughout as well, it will keep you guessing until the end. other characters to watch out for are the totally insane tiny and the sneaky attractive jesse. it may not have the huge budget of a hollywood blockbuster but don't let that put you off, you could do a lot worse than checking this out, you won't regret it. good fun. 7/10

a film i expected very little from, and only watched to pass a quiet hour - but what an hour it turned out to be. roll is an excellent if none-too-serious little story of 'country-boy-lost-in-the-big-city-makes-good', it is funny throughout, the characters are endearing and the pace is just right.toby malone is the true star of the film with his endearing portrayal of matt, said country boy and local aussie rules football hero come to the big city to try out for one of the big teams. he is supported superbly by john batchelor as local gangster tiny. watch out for these two.highly recommended.

this film is an hour or so of good entertainment and has some genuinely funny moments. i loved the character of matt, and also tiny. they seemed the most engaging and funny characters, and certainly the most interesting. matt is very good (as is his no good cousin), and the police woman and the blonde biker woman provide some welcome eye candy. i must say i saw striking similarities between matt and another aussie actor, eric bana. my personal favourite part was the brothel scene, loved that. overall, i liked the film and it'll get about an 8 rating. the penalty however, i was disappointed in. it was a side foot curl, rather than the appropriate laces blast.i am of course kidding. :)

this movie had an interesting cast, it mat not have had an a list cast but the actors that were in this film did a good job. im glad we have b grade movies like this one, the story is basic the actors are basic and so is the way they execute it, you don't need a million dollar budget to make a film just a mix of b list ordinary actors and a basic plot. i like the way they had the street to themselves and that there was no one else around and also what i though was interesting is that they didn't close down a café to set there gear and that they did it all from a police station. arnold vosloo and michael madsen did a great job at portraying there roles in the hostage situation. this was a great film and i hope to see more like it in the near future.

for all of you that don't speak swedish: the swedish [original] title of this film; "rånarna" translates into something in the line of "the robbers". this fact is the main problem i have with the film, cause it's not really about the robbers at all. it's about a young woman working for the swedish police researching robberies. a regular desk job one would think, but this girl is soon out on the field taking matters into her own hands, as the story goes, even shooting one of the robbers... exactly: we've seen this before. the fact that there's a rather interesting twist to the plot halfway through doesn't really help as the ending is just as cliché as the first two thirds of the film.what saves it from being just another mainstream film is the fact that it's masterfully executed in all ways, that the actors are as great as they are and don't overact and that the director really manages to keep it as thrillingly exciting as it is for the most of the story.one thing that i really loved about this film is the fact that it's music sets the right mood when it's needed, but is absent for the rest of the time, which gives a nice sense of reality to the shootouts and car-chases spread throughout the film. a nice touch! the fact that michael persbrandt is one of the few swedish actors that often tend to get typecasted sadly hurts the film as you know that he's not going to just play the boyfriend of the heroine and be a supporting character in the background, but that's something you have to neglect.all in all it's an entertaining film that steals more money in it's plot than time from you. 7/10

walking the tightrope between comedy and drama is one of the toughest acts in cinema. how do you get laughs out of other people's misery and not start feeling bad when it goes on too long?well, this surprising little gem of a movie will deliver great big laughs, beautiful scenery, and quite a good buzz as well. i particularly like the concept that a trick of history made alcohol legal since white europeans liked it, and marijuana illegal, since 'those other races' used it...undoubtedly true and exposes a racial side to the marijuana laws so openly flaunted by populations all over the world.an extraordinary "dvd extra" commentary...two of them in fact...run thru the whole movie with both the actors, and then again with the writers. i kept seeing things i was sure were not in the first movie, but then realizing how easy it is to miss much of the subtle comedy on the first take. what a hoot! don't miss it! 9/10 stars

this is definitely a 'must see' for those who occasionally smoke a reefer in their secret hide-out, trying to avoid being caught by parents, teachers, the police, etc... the protagonist is a lady in her forties, living in her mansion, breeding orchids, and absolutely unaware of the fact that her so-called rich and truthful husband is actually broke and cheating on her. when he all of the sudden dies, she is confronted with the truth. the bailiff comes by to tell her that she is in a huge debt. she doesn't know what to do, until her gardener tells her about the recent success of marijuana in britain. she decides after some long thinking to get rid of her flowers and start breeding pot instead... the story is quite original, the performances outstanding! i can think of only a few movies that made me laugh more than this one. still, the melodramatic touch is present. the film is typical british: the jokes aren't vulgar, there is no violence involved. it shouldn't be mentioned that it is recommended to have taken a few draughts before watching 'saving grace'. it will be so much more fun! especially the scene with the 2 old ladies in their tea shop is hilarious. i thought my jawbones would burst. 9/10

this is film that was actually recommended to me by my dentist, and am i glad he did! the blend of british humor (should i say, humour?) and the reality of a lost, middle-aged widow trying to maintain her lifestyle were a hoot. add to that mix the reality of what it takes to actually grow pot (those plants under the bushes were not going to make it without the tlc they received), and it is a truly hilarious, yet touching film. i laugh every time i conjure the vision of all the bar patrons sitting in their lawn chairs with sunglasses on counting down the lights! maybe it's just my mendocino county blood, but the brits definitely got this one right!! 10/10

this is an hilarious movie. one of the very best things about it is the quality of the performance by each actor. from the largest role to the smallest, each character is vivid, unforgettable and so understandable. it can also make you laugh so hard your health will improve.

a sweet little movie which would not even offend your grandmother, "saving grace" seems cut from the same cloth as a half-dozen other british comedies over the past two years...underdog is faced with adversity, finds the strength to challenge and learns something about him/herself in the process.widowed and thus broke, grace is a master gardener, and is enlisted to help her friend/employee matthew grow his pot plant. he's been doing it all wrong, so grace helps him out. they realize that she is the perfect person to harvest pot, which they can both benefit from. he enjoys smoking, she needs to raise funds to pay her mortgage. highlight is grace travelling to london to deal some of her merchandise, dressed in what looks like the white suit john travolta wore in "saturday night fever" and therefore sticking out like a sore thumb. blethyn is always watchable, and you can't say that about a lot of people..well, i can't, anyway. ferguson is very good, and tcheky karyo, who i liked in "la femme nikita", is memorable. not profoundly moving or insightful, but immensely entertaining, and at a brisk 90 minutes, feels like a walk with friends. 8/10.

i love this film. it's one of those i can watch again and again. it is acted well by a good cast that doesn't try too hard to be star studded.the premise of a newly widowed housewife who turns to selling pot to make ends meet could have been made into an americanised turd of a movie or an action thriller. either would have killed the film completely.the film plays out like an ealing comedy with a terrific feel-good factor throughout.it is worth watching just for the scene with the two old ladies and a box of cornflakes... (no that's not a spoiler!)

yes this movie is predictable and definitely not award-material. but then it doesn't try to be anything it is not. a fun-filled romp with real funny one-liners, a stellar and very funny performance by peter o'toole, a grounding and down to earth performance from joan plowright. the band's performance was on the spot, each one playing their role in a deft, comical manner. the music was good though not great but filled out the movie nicely. from some of the negative comments i deduced that the subtlety of some of the humour went over their heads. a good example is the comment about the "strange baseball-like game", well my dear american, that was cricket -from which baseball is derived- and the explaining of it to the ignorant us band was very funny for those that do know cricket. also no, you were not supposed to wince when carl broke a window; it was funny how lord foxley said "oh yes!" to get more money for breakage and the manager said at the same time "oh no" also referring to the money. jeez, it seems that every joke must be explained to some people... all-in-all i enjoyed it and had some great laughs! well worth seeing.

charming doesn't even begin to describe "saving grace;" it's absolutely irresistible! anyone who ventures into this movie will leave with their spirits soaring high (haha).grace trevethyn (brenda blethyn) has just lost her husband, but her problems are about to get a whole lot worse. her dearly departed has left her with no money and outstanding debts. faced with losing everything, she has to find out a way to get a lot of cash...fast! she gets an idea when her gardener, matthew (craig ferguson) asks the town-famous horticulturist to give him advice on a plant he is secretly growing. grace immediately realizes that his plant is marijuana, so they decide to use her gardening skills to grow a lot of top-quality weed, and then sell it to pay off her outstanding debts.the most notable quality about "saving grace" is its likability. every character is extremely sympathetic, and, save for the first 20 or so minutes, the film is non-stop good cheer. everyone wants a happy ending for everyone, even if it means turning a blind eye to some rather illegal activities.the acting is top-notch. brenda blethyn is one of britain's finest actresses, and here is why. she turns what could have been a caricature into a fully living and breathing individual. she's a nice lady, but she's not stupid. craig ferguson is equally amiable as matthew. he's a deadbeat loser, but he's so likable that it doesn't matter. the rest of the ensemble cast fits in this category as well, but special mention has to go to tcheky karyo. the french actor always has a aura of menace about him, and that suits him well, but he also has great comedy skills.nigel cole finds the perfect tone for "saving grace." it's all about the charm. one of the problems i have with british humor is that all the energy seems to be drained out of the film. not so here. the film is thoroughly likable and always amusing. that's not to say that "saving grace" is just a likable movie that will leave you with a grin and a good feeling. while this movie is not an out and out comedy, it does boast two or three scenes that are nothing short of hysterical.if there's any problem with the film, it's that the climax is a little confusing. the questions are answered though, and the ending boasts an unexpected twist.see "saving grace," especially when you're having a bad day.

i saw it last night on tv, and was quite delighted. it is sort of the movie which makes you feel nice and warm around heart, and believe that there is still some goodness in the world (all the neighbours pretended not to see what grace was doing in order to help her and protect her- the old policeman is my favourite), although you know that this story is not quite realistic.i loved acting (they all seemed just as ordinary, common people, living in small picturesque english coast town) but the greatest thing in the movie was the wit and humor it has! just remember the scene in the shop with two old ladies after they had their "tea"!!perhaps the ending was a little bit confusing, but it didn't stop me from really, really enjoying the whole story!

"saving grace" is never riotously funny, but it delivers quite a few good laughs and i enjoyed it to a significant degree. brenda blethyn is a fine actress, and does a good job at portraying widower grace, who resorts to growing marijuana to pay off her massive debts. the supporting cast also does a fine job. french actor tchecky karyo has a funny little role. the premise alone is appealing. the idea of an over-the-hill woman growing and smoking pot sounds funny enough. and the film plays around with the premise wisely every now and then. of course, there are flat moments, like one where two elderly women mistaken grace's marijuana leaves for tea leaves and they start pulling childish antics at the store where they work. that was a mindless gag that didn't quite take off. the film's tone is downbeat and occasionally dull, but i got enough laughs to give this english import a recommendation. my score: 7 (out of 10)

saving grace is a feel good movie with it's heart in the right place. grace is recently widowed and realizes her late husband left her with a lot of debts. she could lose her lovely house and sees no other solution to her misery than to start growing marijuana. she's living in a beautiful village where most viewers would love to live and the villagers are all wonderful people most viewers would love to have as neighbors. there's only one thing wrong with this picture and that is the way it portraits the effect marijuana has on it's user. it's obvious none of the actors or writers of this film actually ever did smoke the stuff. the way the villagers act after smoking a joint is ridiculous and only supposedly funny. it's precisely in those scenes that wit is replaced by english slapstick, and that is a pity in a movie that is none the less very enjoyable.

after her oscar-nominated turn in "secrets & lies", brenda blethyn starred in the equally great "saving grace". and let me tell you, this is not the sort of movie that you find every day.after her husband commits suicide, grace trevethyn (brenda blethyn) discovers that his irresponsible financial decisions have left her with a massive debt. fortunately, she finds a way to make ends meet: marijuana. that's right, grace starts cultivating it.every aspect of this movie was played to great effect; there isn't a dull moment anywhere in it. and i sure didn't see that end scene coming! but anyway, you gotta see this movie. you just might feel more than a little festive after seeing it. if nothing else, it might function as a good lesson about knowing one's finances. but of course, there's a lot more to it than that!

this light hearted comedy should be enjoyed for entertainment value. it gets quite hysterically funny at times, but if you haven't spent any time on 'that' side of the tracks you will miss the comedy when it erupts.the cast of characters meld well together and are quite believable in their roles. how grace handles meeting her dead husbands girlfriend was well played. she's a true lady. and, my favorite is grace's white pimp suit that she wears.i highly recommend this flick to anyone who wants to laugh out loud, who cheers for the underdog or just wishes to watch something different.

yet another example of what british cinema can achieve: a simple story, told and acted well. brenda blethyn gives a layered and warming performance as the recently widowed and financially straitened grace, ably assisted by a solid supporting cast. the "quirky small town" card gets played to the hilt, similar to many tv series and films that have come from the british isles in recent years (ballykissangel, hamish macbeth and others come to mind). like the forementioned, this film makes use of some ravishingly beautiful rural scenery, in this case the wet and wild cornish coast.some viewers might find wholesale acceptance of cannabis use a bit challenging, others might find the ending just a little too cute and safe. but it's an enjoyable spliff, to be sure.

a delightful gentle comedic gem, until the last five minutes, which degenerate into run of the mill british tv farce. the last five minutes cost it 2 points in my rating. despite this major plot and style flaw, it's worth watching for the character acting and the unique cornwall setting. many fine little bits to savor, like the tense eternity we all go through waiting for the bank approval after the clerk has swiped the credit card...made more piquant when we're not - quite - sure the card is not maxed.

i saw saving grace right after it came out on video. since then it's become one of my favorites! the plot isn't particularly complex but it doesn't take away from the entertainment. it's chuck full of comedic moments and has a very endearing quality to it. the characters are what makes the movie so good. they each have their own quirky qualities which adds to the humor, the two old ladies played by linda kerr scott and phyllida law leaps to mind. superb acting was done by all, particularly brenda blythen. she and craig ferguson were great together in pulling off some of the funnier moments. if you're looking for a good comedy i'd definately recommend this movie!

this movie is inspiring to anyone who is or has been in a tough jam, whether financially or emotionally. you will definitely laugh, which is the best medicine! :) left in a bad financial situation when her husband dies, grace has to find a new way to make some money and it's not exactly legal which adds to the humour. even my boyfriend liked it so don't think that it's a chick-flic.

excellent view of a mature woman, that is going to lose everything (even the pruner has a mortgage). the way she gets involved into this special "business", the innocence, and the true love that exists between the people of a little town, it's mixed perfectly to give us as result a fresh, light and funny comedy. i couldn't stop laughing with a very funny scene of two old ladies in a drugstore.i love european films, and with movies like this one, my opinion grows stronger. a movie that i also recommend with my eyes closed, in this same genre, is waking ned devine.saving grace, a comedy that many friends enjoyed as much as myself. you will love it.

saving grace is a nice movie to watch in a boring afternoon,when you are looking for something different than the regular scripts and wants to have some fun. i mean,the whole idea of this movie and all the marijuana in it is such a craziness! it was the first movie i watched with this theme(drugs/marijuana) that is not really criticizing it,only making jokes about it. grace trevethyn is a widow,who lives in a small town in u.k. and has many financial problems because of her dead husband, who committed suicide since he was full of debts. the problem is that grace, who imagined to have some money saved for her, discovers that she needs to pay all of her husband's pounds in debts to not lose all of her things, specially her house that she loves so much. she never worked before, and is in a tragic situation until matthew,her gardener who is very found of smoking pot, decides to make a partnership with her in selling marijuana in large scale.

great actors, an oscar nominee actress, stunning scenery, good strong story line and more laughs than you can fit into my new handbag (and thats quite big). this film was brilliant. it was beautifully acted in the more serious scenes and the funny moments were . .well, side splitting. i have never heard a cinema audience laugh so much, and tears were streaming down my cheeks during the 'stoned ladies in the tea shop' scene. well done to the british film industry and to craig ferguson whose magic ingredients have made sure this is one of my favourite films of the year, if not of all time.

i just thought it was excellent and i still do. i'm grateful we're still able to see different stuff from what hollywood almost floods us with. saving grace is smart and enjoyable - those who feel offended by the marijuana thing better go see the america's bride sort of movie.saving grace also shows that a funny movie doesn't have to be stupid. i was laughing my ass off during most of it but also pondering questions about what was the female lead character supposed to do to pay her deceased husband's debts.in a nutshell - a witty storyline with typical english humour and good acting and directing. you couldn't ask for more.7/10.

gotta start with ed furlong on this one. you gotta. god bless this kid. $5 bucks says the character he plays in this film is what he's really like in real life. he has a one-liner or two that made me almost blow snot because of the subtle humor in the script. you know all the trials this guy has gone through in recent years and it doesn't even seem like furlong is even acting. maybe that's why his performance was good. same with madsen. you keep thinking, "i bet this guy is really like this in real life." does madsen even have to act? just natural. vosloo has obviously moved on from the type-casted mummy guy. i think the biggest surprise to this film was jordana spiro's performance. her reactions are spot-on in this film. i battled if she was hot or not, but realized i would just like to see more of her. not a big fan of shoot 'em out/hostage type films. but what i am a fan of are films with lots of twists and turns to try and keep you guessing. it's not just your standard robbers take over a bank, they kill hostages, and the good guys win in the end type of film. the twists keep on coming...and coming.the café scenes work best with the hand-held cams to show what it's really like in there. not glossed over a bit. think like bourne ultimatum "lite" style on some scenes in the café.and for those bo bice fanatics out there - actor curtis wayne (who plays karl) will make you do a double take. these guys are twins.as i watched i wondered why some of the actors had foreign accents and what were they doing in this small town. made sense in the end that these people smuggled stuff to other countries/states so they might have these accents. but more is revealed in the bonus features of how some of the producers wanted to make this film for international audiences with some of their stars we might not have heard of. and some of them are smoking hot. moncia dean? need i say more.

i enjoyed longstreet, which followed in the steps of raymond burr's successful ironside tv series and was intended to give it competition. but this show was canceled after one season because it was decided--i believe wrongly--that longstreet was not able to compete with mr. burr's ironside.i may add that the pilot for this show was especially well done and very memorable. i hope that a box set of longstreet will appear.writers should note that this story idea was only briefly explored here and that much more could and should be done to show the play and interplay of disabilities on tv.

this series was a cut above the rest of the tv detective series of the day but somehow didn't find an audience.the idea of a blind detective may not be totally new but added so much to the story. and who could forget pax, the beautiful guide dog in the series!whilst the stories themselves may have been no better than the average series, the settings , in new orleans, the acting and the music (i note the comment about the music score in other comments ...i remember that clearly) all work to make a good television series even better!well you never know ...one day paramount might just dig into its archives and release it on dvd!

simply put, this is the best movie to come out of michigan since... well, ever! evil dead eat your heart out, hatred of a minute was some of the oddest, and best cinema to be seen by this reviewer in a long time. i recommend this movie to anyone who is in need of a head trip, or a good case of the willies!

"hatred of a minute" is a hauntingly beautiful film. a psychological thriller that takes you on a journey through the nightmare that is the life of a serial killer, eric seaver. strong performances and excellent cinematography make this film a "must see" for any film student or horror fan. the realness of the story and the human side of eric separate this film from other psycho killer movies. some shout outs to the film's producer, bruce campbell as well as to the film "the evil dead" add some humor for anyone that knows the genre.

michael kallio gives a strong and convincing performance as eric seaver, a troubled young man who was horribly mistreated as a little boy by his monstrous, abusive, alcoholic stepfather barry (a genuinely frightening portrayal by gunnar hansen). eric has a compassionate fiancé (sweetly played by the lovely tracee newberry) and a job transcribing autopsy reports at a local morgue. haunted by his bleak past, egged on by the bald, beaming jack the demon (a truly creepy michael robert brandon), and sent over the edge by the recent death of his mother, eric goes off the deep end and embarks on a brutal killing spree. capably directed by kallio (who also wrote the tight, astute script), with uniformly fine acting by a sound no-name cast (jeff steiger is especially good as eric's wannabe helpful guardian angel michael), rather rough, but overall polished cinematography by george lieber, believable true-to-life characters, jolting outbursts of raw, shocking and unflinchingly ferocious violence, a moody, spooky score by dan kolton, an uncompromisingly downbeat ending, grungy detroit, michigan locations, a grimly serious tone, and a taut, gripping narrative that stays on a steady track throughout, this extremely potent and gritty psychological horror thriller makes for often absorbing and disturbing viewing. a real sleeper.

i thought i should qualify my position after reading other reviews. the movie is not great, but it has a lot of great elements. the lighting and scenes along with the camera work are great. the story is slow and weak, but entertaining. the acting is bad, but no worse than you will find on the syfy channel. the music is pretty good and the gore is good. it has the great leather face in the film and is produced by bruce campbell. i watched the complete movie and while mostly predictable, it was still enjoyable. the women are attractive enough and the lead actor does a good job of being brooding and creepy. the movie was remarkably clean for a modern film and the violence appropriate for children 13 and up. there was no sex scenes. i gave it 7 out of 10 and i think that is fair. i would watch it again if i had nothing better to do. the gay sounding angel was the most annoying aspect of the film, the devil is quite creepy.

"hatred of a minute" is arguably one of the better films to come out of michigan in recent years. not to say that it's a brilliant film by any means, but it's definitely worth a watch. "hatred" chronicles the sordid adventures of eric seaver (played by director kallio), a formerly abused child now grown up, and starting to listen to his evil side. "hatred" is very nice visually. the shots are creative, and the lighting is approporiately moody and interesting to look at. this film actually has an element of production value to it, unlike other recent michigan releases like "dark tomorrow" and "biker zombies." subtle dolly shots and stylized shot composition show good use of this film's $350,000 budget. however, "hatred" stumbles in the same places that so many other local films do, and that's in the story and character department. essentially, things just kind-of happen. eric seaver doesn't evolve at all. basically, he's always been crazy, it's just that people are starting to notice. the film just wanders along its merry way with very little development. also, the ending is very abrupt. however- since this is a horror film, since when do we care about plot? we just want to see people die, and "hatred" certainly delivers. as the body count mounted, people in the theater started cheering "kill her! kill em' all!" when people scream back at the screen, it's always fun. that's the place where "hatred" succeeds. it's fun. and in the end, that's all that really matters.

this is a decent little flick made in michigan, about a guy that is haunted by his past, with his abusive stepfather (gunnar hansen) and has grown up not-so-well-adjusted. in fact, he's absolutely bonkers, but tries not to be too obvious. he's got an entourage too, his own little demon & angel that follow him around. the demon never says a word but really, doesn't have to, and he's max schreck-creepy. let's just say that the angel pretty much spins his wheels in this, as eric is busy doing things that make him feel better, like "freeing" people that he decides need it, mostly beautiful young women. this is a decent portrayal of madness, and you're kind of on your own at some point to figure out some of what's going on, but overall, i watched this from start to finish very focused on the film because it definitely held my interest. it's a little lacking in some areas but nothing i can really lay my finger on. a decent effort and worth seeing if you like serial killer flicks.

so what constitutes a real independent film? in a day and age where the latest fad of mainstream hollywood is to appear rugged and cutting edge, i'm sorry to say that what the general public tends to perceive as independent film is usually nothing more than a clever marketing ploy.which is why we should be glad that films like "hatred of a minute" exist. across the board, this film makes a point out of contradicting its own template (indie horror film). love it or hate it, "hatred" isn't afraid of being what it is, and in watching this film, you get the real sense that kallio (the director) didn't just make this film to spray fake blood all over the place, he's in this to tell stories. good ones. you may find this film in the horror film section of your video store, but don't be fooled, this story is also about love, about good people pushed over the edge, and that oh-so-distant light at the end of the tunnel.if you expect smut, or an evil dead ripoff, stay away from this film. but if you dig the finer points of the horror/suspense genres, check this film out.yes. bruce campbell did produce this movie, and i'm sure he's proud to tell anyone that it's not "evil dead". bruce has never tried to bank on his "ash" image, and it's obvious that he didn't get involved with "hatred" so that it could do so either.my advice, though, to all dead-ites rabidly devouring anything issued by mr. campbell is to check this film out anyway and see what else mr. kallio and mr. campbell are trying to show you.the acting is well done, although nothing about this film is oscar caliber (perhaps intentionally), it's good to see compassionate performances in a horror film. so often, actors in films such as these don't even seem to try, with "hatred", it seemed as though all the actors took thier charecters very seriously, never resorting to typical horror-film campiness.technically, "hatred" is about as competent as indie film gets. the editing is fast paced, the cinematography is good given the budget, and "hatred" keeps a quick pace, without any bog-down points or bad anti-climaxes.all in all, hatred may not have the glossed over look of all those multi-million dollar fake indies, but personally, i don't see a problem with that. it's a film by folks who actually care about the medium. people who reached into thier broke ass pockets, pulled out thier nickles and dimes, threw caution to the wind and made a damn good movie.check this one out.

despite the occasionally stilted acting and "seen-it-all-before" story, this is a fairly compelling movie.it has suspense, the scenes with the demon are actually pretty creepy, some of the visual effects are superb and best of all, no ridiculously ill placed humour to detract from the film, as too many (wannabe) horror films have in them nowhonestly, this isn't the greatest film ever made, but it actually draws you in and at least makes an attempt at character developmenti was glad i watched it

michigan, edgar allen poe, a toaster, and a frying pan . . . if you don't mind the psycho-thriller or horror film genre, and you have a special place in your heart for the twisted, this is the movie for you. an amazingly well developed first film, "hatred of a minute" has all the draw of mainstream hits like "silence of the lambs" and of cult classics like "army of darkness." the editing and effects are well done, better than many films in the genre. kallio weaves an intricate tale of torment drawing on both the bible and poe's writings. at a time when big budget, big name films lack much in the way of substance, the independent film has resurrected this dying trait. if you love michigan, a good story, or a decent thriller go check out "hatred of a minute."

it seems to be a perfect day for swimming. a normal family wants to gain advantage from it and takes a trip to the beach. unfortunately it happens that the father is trapped under a pier and neither his wife nor the small son is able to help him out of this - whereas the tide is rising. the woman (barbara stanwyck) takes the car and searches for help.john sturges' short movie (69 minutes) is powerful because of unanswered questions. stanwyck finds a guy who could help, but there is a price she has to pay for this. there is a double question the movie poses. how far would you go to help the man that you love, and on the other hand - observing stanwyck's behaviors towards the stranger - does she really love her husband? like a good short story this movie leaves the viewer to himself with questions he can only answer himself.

what a great barbara stanwyck film that i happened to see the other night. "jeopardy" was fantastic. it was made in 1953 and probably for double bills but it kept me on the edge of my seat.barbara stanwyck plays helen, who with husband doug (barry sullivan) and son (lee aaker) drive to an isolated fishing spot in mexico for a vacation. husband has a fall from the jetty and the only way he is to be saved is if barbara drives back to a garage for some rope.while there she runs into a psychotic killer (ralph meeker - one of my favourites) and what follows is a game of cat and mouse as barbara tries everything in her power to get meeker to come back with her to free her husband.the film was so suspenseful and such a surprise - i was not expecting such a great film. but i suppose i should have realized - is there anything barbara stanwyck does that is anything less than wonderful?

jeopardy has the feel of being a stock movie of sorts - one of the movies that the studios pumped out inbetween big budget/box office ones. it's a mere 70 minutes and doesn't feature many sets, and the only star is barbara stanwyck. but what a star, of course. stanwyck is a tough lady once again as she runs into an escaped convict while seeking help for her trapped husband in the mexican desert. the majority of the movie is focused on how she deals with her captor, who wants her to submit to him in exchange for his help. some psychological battling there. it's a surprisingly effective little movie - its short length makes it taut, and that stanwyck is great should go without mention (but i'll still praise her every time).

the only time i have seen this movie was when i was 10 years old. i have remembered it all of these years as i couldn't sleep for a week or more after seeing it. it just absolutely rattled me. i was on vacation with my aunts in ft. worth, texas and i will never forget it. now, 48 years later, my daughter is trying to get a copy of this for me to view as an adult. it has taken a lot of research to find out what movie it was but i always remembered that barbara stanwyck was in it and finally was able to get the name and reviews on it. i very much enjoyed it, but it gave me quite a scare! jaqui

"i like cheap perfume better; it doesn't last as long..." - ralph meeker's convict character (lawson) tells this to barbara stanwyck's helen character, after he gets a whiff of the perfume that she picked out w/her husband in tijuana...! this line cracked me up, and also seemed like a metaphor for this film - that cheap is better than expensive, because a cheap perfume-loving man who has a way with a 2 x 4 is a better man to have around in the long run! i agree with some of the other comments posted about helen's attraction to lawson. even though her narration states that she wants lawson to be put away, she did seem attracted to his fiery nature, and that passion he stirred up in her wouldn't likely wash away with the tide!

i found this movie to be suspenseful almost from the get-go. when miss stanwyck starts her narration it's only a few minutes until you realize that trouble is coming. the deserted area, the lock on the deserted gas station door, everything sets you up to wait for it...here it comes. at first you think it will be about the little boy, but all too soon you start holding your breath watching the tide coming in. i found this movie to be really stressful, even though i had watched it before and was prepared for the denouement. now a movie that can keep you in suspense even when you have seen it before deserves some sort of special rating, maybe a white knuckles award?

jeopardy is a tense, satisying thriller, a cut above a b but not really a major production. it qualifies as almost an experimental film, as the studio that produced it, metro, was desperately looking for new kinds of films, stars and directors to compete with the then new medium of television. the director, john sturges, was an up-and-comer whose best years lay ahead. he had just recently begun directing a level films, and had already proved himself a most capable craftsman. stars barbara stanwyck, barry sullivan and ralph meeker, were at very different phases of their careers. stanwyck's glory years were behind her, and yet she could still carry a film, as she proves here. barry sullivan, as her husband, was one of a dozen or so leading men who got started in films in the forties who never quite achieved the success many had hoped for him. he was a fine, low-key actor, poised, but in an upper middle rather than upper class way, which made him excellent in professional roles. as the escaped convict who is the only person around who can save sullivan's life (he is trapped under a pier, and the tide is rising), ralph meeker is more energetic than usual. this excellent actor had the misfortune of having come to films after brando and clift. he was in his way as good an actor as either of them, but he lacked charisma. his bargaining with stanwyck, which comes down to his demanding sex in exchange for saving her husband (by implication only, as this is 1953), makes for an intriguing premise which, had this been a different kind of film, could all raised all sorts of interesting questions about stanwyck's character. meeker is indeed a more exciting character than sullivan; and in her scenes with him stanwyck is livelier than she is with her husband and son. but as this is a formula picture, not a strindberg play, the possibility that stanwyck might want want to have a fling,--leaving aside the question of her husband's predicament,--remains unexplored. in this sense the incoming tide doesn't quite have the effect one might have wished, though the movie remains tense and highly entertaining thanks to excellent acting, fine location photography, nearly all of it outdoors, and excellent direction by the woefully underrated mr. sturges.

leonard maltin must've been watching some other movie. (though i find his guide to be quite a valuable resource, please disregard his comments on this one.) he states "starts off well then fizzles" when it's really the reverse - "starts off tepid then catches fire". the plot is about as simple as it gets. happy mom, happy dad and happy son take a vacation at an isolated beach, dad incapacitated in accident, mom runs off to get help, meets up with dangerous escaped convict. mom tries to trick convict into helping while dad waits and hangs on for dear life.good white-knuckler given an electric jolt by ralph meeker, appearing suddenly (the director, john sturges, films it in a clever way that will make you gasp) around halfway through as the cunning, desperate criminal. meeker is an unusually flippant, reckless actor (at least here and in the classic "kiss me deadly") and he happily snatches the keys to the film's narrative and speeds off with the top down. his character has a habit of grinning childishly and saying "pretty neat, huh?" when he's especially pleased with his misdeeds. there is a funny break in the action when they get a flat tire and he tersely instructs his hostage, barbara stanwyck, "don't go away". she fires back "where would i go?" (they're in the middle of nowhere) and he realizes sitcom-ishly "yeah, that's right". the friction between them is a hoot.there are flaws, somewhat ridiculous ones. there's one scene where the police, who have been chasing after meeker for some time, stop stanwyck's car and to evade detection meeker rests his head on her shoulder like a loving husband supposedly would, and pretends to be asleep as she's being questioned. a. he looks conspicuously un-masculine in this pose and b. i think it's safe to say that any adult who appears to be asleep during an encounter with law enforcement would certainly arouse suspicion.still a sturdy thriller which builds to an exciting and edifying conclusion.

here's an excellent barbara stanwyck double bill on one disc. the first movie - and believe me the lesser of the two - is mgm's "to please a lady" (1950) in which she is paired with clark gable. it is essentially a star vehicle with gable as usual dominating the film with his screen presence. here he plays a macho racing driver who gets some bad press from feminist reporter stanwyck and the battle of the sexes begins. of course after much ado they eventually end up in each others arms and it all comes to a predictable and pleasing close. a bit of a fluff of a move really but gable and stanwyck - two icons of the golden age - make it watchable!but the real meat on this dvd is the second feature - a marvellous and quite unknown little thriller called jeopardy. produced by mgm in 1953 this is a wonderful little gem of a movie that hasn't dated one iota! here stanwyck plays the wife of barry sullivan and mother to their young son lee aaker on vacation on a deserted and remote mexican beach when suddenly tragedy strikes. a dilapidated wooden pier collapses trapping sullivan under a heavy pylon and guess what? yes,the tide is coming in. with not a soul in sight and unable to free him herself stanwyck sets off by car for assistance. after driving some distance the only aid she can muster comes from an unscrupulous escaped convict (ralph meeker) who - in return for his help - wants more from her than money or a change of clothes ("i'll do anything to save my husband"). does she or doesn't she??. meeker runs away with the picture! he turns in quite a brilliant performance! once he comes into the film you simply cannot take your eyes off him! an actor in the smouldering brando style he surprisingly never made much of his career in films. although he gave splendid performances as the unsavoury, disgraced cavalry officer in the outstanding mann/stewart western "naked spur" (1953) and as one of the doomed sacrificial french troopers in stanley kubrick's powerful ww1 drama "paths of glory" (1957) his only real claim to fame was as mike hammer in mickey spillane's "kiss me deadly" in 1955. his performance in "jeopardy" should have done wonders for him but he had only a so-so career in films. he died in 1988.because of this release "jeopardy" can now proudly take its rightful place as a classic noir. a memorable, taut and exciting thriller thanks to fine performances, tight direction by john sturges, the crisp monochrome cinematography of victor milner and an atmospheric score by dimitri tiomkin. extras, however are no great shakes except for a radio version of "jeopardy" and trailers for both movies.this disc is also part of a barbara stanwyck box set celebrating her centenary. hard to believe that the lady would be over 100 years old if she was still around!jeopardy - an mgm winner!

i don't agree with one of the reviewers who compared this film to the american international pictures. basil deardon has directed a brutally realistic film with an honest attempt to portray the rise of juvenile delinquency in post war england (but without the sentimentality of "blackboard jungle"). the cinematography was excellent as it really captured the scariness and isolation of the huge housing estate. the estate looked like an old prison. stanley baker was excellent as the hardened detective, reassigned to the juvenile division - "urgent, urgent - larceny - five iced lollies"!!!! he finds he is the butt of many jokes. david mccallum showed that he was one of britain's top young talents of the fifties. (he had a very different role in another stanley baker film "hell drivers"). his portrayal of johnny and the fanatical following he inspired was very frightening. ann heywood was also very good as the cynical cathie. i wouldn't say there was a romantic subplot in it.detective jack truman is investigating a string of arson attacks by someone labeled the "firefly". just as he finds evidence which could lead to a breakthrough, he is assigned to the juvenile division - he is pretty disgusted at what he feels is not proper police work. amid all the heckling he gets his first call out - the 6 year old murphy twins are working a scam at the local lolly shops!!!taking the twins home he meets their brother, the charismatic johnny, and their embittered sister cathie. he starts to appreciate how life on the ghastly housing estates can turn young kids into criminals. as he gets more involved with the family, he realises there is a strong link between the fires, johnny and a frightened chinese youth who works for a laundry. the local priest (peter cushing in an unusual role, away from the hammer horrors) explains that when johnny was younger he had rescued some people from a burning building and had been hailed a hero. he wanted to recapture the feeling of importance and being useful and felt he could by lighting fires. the school siege was filmed in a very real way and the viewer felt the children's fear - the teacher (thinking only of her own safety) runs off and locks them in the room with the frightened gunman!!!!i thought it was a really excellent film that tried to show some of the social problems britain experienced after the war.highly recommended.

i've long wanted to see this film, being a fan of both peter cushing and david mccallum. i agree that the romantic sub-plot was a waste of time, but the talent of mccallum shines through this juvie role. thank heavens for turner classic which aired the show last week. i can imagine that there were lots of problems with children after the war, especially with the way things were throughout the 1950s. some of the boys are a bit scary. i certainly wouldn't want to met them on a well-lit street, much less a dark one. there were some good insights regarding the feelings of a firebug as well, or as they call him, a firefly.

this film was shot on location in gerard gardens in liverpool, and was the uk's answer to films such as 'blackboard jungle'. the film stands the test of time quite well, with all the moral stories still (or even more) relevant today. the film feature some fine performance from some notable british actors such as david mccallum, stanley baker, peter cushing and anne heywood. baker plays a liverpool cop assigned to juvenile liaison duties, with the premise that if you catch the kids at an early age, they will end up being responsible adults.notable cameos in the film include freddie starr (fred fowell) and melvyn hayes (gloria). tsai chin and michael chow play brother and sister (they are real life brother and sister) who are caught up in an arsonists web. tsai chin is still acting and can be seen in the latest nicole kidman film 'the interpretor'.violent playground features a gun siege in a school, so is unlikely to be shown on tv following similar events in scotland / russia.i lived in gerard gardens where the film was shot (though was not born at the time), and have fond memories of the area. i have recently completed a documentary on gerard gardens which includes extracts from 'violent playground', and a small uk film 'coast to coast' which stars lenny henry and pete postlewaite. the tenements were demolished in 1987 and the films go some way in keeping the memory alive.there were some complaints from the residents when the film was released, as the film portrayed the area in a bad light. time has helped heal those wounds.a little gem of a film, i would recommend you seek this out

this film was the first british teen movie to actually address the reality of the violent rock and roll society, rather than being a lucid parody of 1950s teenage life. in an attempt to celebrate the work of liverpool's junior liaison officers the opening title points out that 92% of potential delinquents, who have been dealt with under this scheme, have not committed a second crime. however, this becomes merely a pretext to the following teen-drama until the film's epilogue where we are instructed that we shouldn't feel responsible or sorry for such delinquents however mixed-up they might seem.stanley baker plays a tough detective who reluctantly takes on the post of juvenile liaison officer. this hard-boiled character is a role typical of baker. having been currently on the trail of a notorious arsonist known as the firefly and does not relish the distraction of the transfer. however, as in all good police dramas he is led back full circle by a remarkable turn of events, back to his original investigation.his first case leads him to the home of two young children, mary and patrick murphy (played by real-life brother and sister duo), who have committed a petty theft. here he meets cathie (satisfyingly portrayed by anne heywood) their older sister whom he eventually becomes romantically involved with. it quickly becomes obvious that the squalid environment of such inner-city estates is a breeding ground for juvenile delinquency.the elder brother of the murphy family, johnny, is the leader of a gang of rock and roll hoodlums. mccallum does an eye-catching turn as the americanized mixed-up kid, who owes more to the likes of marlon brando, than any previous british star. one is reminded of brando's character johnny from 'the wild one' who led a leather-clad gang of rebellious bikers in much the same way as this film's 'johnny' leads his gang.thankfully the preachiness of earlier dearden crime dramas such as 'the blue lamp' is not so apparent. instead we are presented with several well drawn-out characters on both sides of the law as the drama of the delinquents and the romantic interest between heywood and baker takes the forefront.the plot, whilst at times predictable, does deliver some memorable scenes. the disruptive influence that rock and roll music was thought to have had is played out in a scene where johnny abandons himself to the music, leading a menacing advance on the police sergeant. the most grippingly memorable piece of film however is the climatic classroom scene where a bunch of terrified school children, including mary and patrick, are held hostage at gunpoint by johnny. obviously in the light of the real-life dumblaine massacre this scene seems all the horrifying. understandably because of this the film is seldom aired or available to modern audiences.

and i am a nicole kidman fanatic. i would pay to see and hear her read the moscow phone book, which, for all i know, she may have been doing when she was speaking russian in this movie. all four of the principals are excellent, but the movie itself is a number of good images and better scenes held together by nothing.while one is always ready to suspend disbelief while watching a movie, this one asks too much of the viewer. it could have been very funny (which it is in parts) or quite frightening (which it is in one scene) but the director didn't seem to know which way to go.

i must confess that i was completely shocked by this film. for one, i went to see it on a whim expecting something mediocre, but given this, the most shocking thing was that this was in a populist american cinema at all. this is british comedy at its finest - dark, quirky and funny in ways that american films just never are. i must stop short, however, of recommending this wholeheartedly to anyone; i went to see it with several people, some english, some european and some american and while some of us loved it (mainly from the first two groups), some hated it and found it worthless. if you think you're into this kind of thing then go. if not, don't. 10/10.

i didn't really know what to expect when going out to watch the film, apart from the slightly surreal basic plotline that a lonely man orders a russian bride over the internet. that and it had nicole kidman in it. i absolutely loved the film though, and came out thinking 'wow'.refreshingly down to earth, the film moves along nicely, with a few suprises at each corner. the relationships in the film are believeable, with nicole and chaplin working against each other beautifully. the humour is subtle, with some great 'office'-like scenes at the bank, and the thriller element add tension without being hollywood.overall the film is about real people in an unusual situation. it's less about heroics and more about delicate relationships. brit-filmmaking at its best...(9/10)

as usual, hollywood stereotyped everyone in the movie. but, this one is a classic - from the uptight white collar banker to the russian woman!! well done. even facial expressions were great! language was perfect (even in russian language) and nicole did a splendid job!! hey guys - you get what you pay for:)

excellent movie, albeit slightly predictable. i have to comment on nicole kidmans acting in this movie. some of her other works haven't shown the amazing talent this woman has, but birthday girl doesn't suffer from this in the slightest. even without words kidmans acting shines through.

i caught this on the dish last night. i liked the movie. i traveled to russia 3 different times (adopting our 2 kids). i can't put my finger on exactly why i liked this movie other than seeing "bad" turn "good" and "good" turn "semi-bad". i liked the look ben chaplin has through the whole movie. like "i can't belive this is happening to me" whether it's good or bad it the same look (and it works). great ending. 7/10. rent it or catch it on the dish like i did.

good, funny, straightforward story, excellent nicole kidman (i almost always like the movies she's in). this was a good "vehicle" for someone adept at comedy and drama since there are elements of both. a romantic comedy wrapped around two crime stories, great closing lines. chaplin, very good here, was also good in another good, but unpopular romantic comedy ("truth about cats & dogs"). maybe they're too implausible. ebert didn't even post a review for this. the great "screwball" comedies obviously were totally implausible ("bringing up baby", etc.). if you've seen one implausible comedy, you've seen them all? or maybe people are ready to move on from the 1930s. weird. birthday girl is a movie i've enjoyed several times. nicole kidman may be the "killer app" for home video.

this is a great little film, that's very unique, and creative, with some great plot twists and wonderful performances!. all the characters are great, and the story while bizarre, is fascinating and very interesting, plus nicole kidman is simply amazing in this!. it's very hard to describe this movie, because it really is quite bizarre, it's a comedy/romance, one minute then it turns into a thriller the next, however it was still very entertaining all the same, plus nicole's russian accent was fantastic, and extremely convincing. chaplin and kidman had very good chemistry together, and i loved vincent cassel's performance!, plus some of the plot twists really took me by surprise!. the ending was very cute, and it's unpredictable throughout!, plus this movie is quite underrated as well!. you will feel sorry for chaplin and the way that he is scammed, and i thought all the characters were really likable, plus the finale is especially good.this is nicole's movie though, and she carries it with her incredibly sexy performance!. this is a great little film, that's very unique, and creative, with some great plot twists and wonderful performances!, i highly recommend this one!. the direction is very good!. jez butterworth does a very good job here, with great camera work, solid angles and keeping the film at a fast pace!. the acting is wonderful!. nicole kidman, is stunningly gorgeous!, and is amazing as always, she is incredibly sexy, very likable, had one of the coolest accents, added a lot of presence, had very good chemistry with ben chaplin, and had a very mysterious character!, she was amazing. (kidman rules!!!!). ben chaplin is great here, he is extremely likable, had a cool character, had very good chemistry with kidman, the only thing i didn't like was him taking out his anger out on kidman, even though what she did was wrong, and i loved how he got revenge in the end!. vincent cassel is fantastic as the main villain, yes he was ott, but he was very intense and quite creepy at times, this role was perfect for him. mathieu kassovitz is ok here, but didn't have much to do. rest of the cast are fine. overall i highly recommend this one!. ***1/2 out of 5

i've had a lot of experience with women in russia, and this movie portrays what a lot of them are like, unfortunately. they are very cunning, ruthless, and greedy, as well as highly unfair. from the robotic sex, the hustling for gifts, to the lies and betrayal, i've experienced it all in russia.i know what i'm talking about. and here are my qualifications: here are the photojournals of my three trips to russia in search of a bride. it includes thousands of pics of many hot russian girls i met, black comedy, scams i was privy to, and the story of my mugging and appearance on russian national tv.http://www.happierabroad.com/photojournals.htmit's like reality tv. you will love it. i spent a ton of time putting it together. so check it out. the russian woman that nicole kidman plays is a lot like the julia and katya in my photojournals.my 3 bride seeking trips in russia happen to be very exciting and would sell, so why don't they make a movie out of my bride seeking adventures in russia? however, there is one factual impossibility in this film, and that is the way which the guy orders his bride from a catalog and having her arrive at an airport. it doesn't work that way at all, so i don't understand why the media likes to perpetuate this. there isn't a single russian bride introduction website that works this way, and i challenge anyone to find one that does. the fact is, you can only order the russian lady's contact info (email, address, phone number, etc.) from the website. from there, you correspond and then visit her, and if you want to bring her to your country, you start the immigration process at your ins office, and wait months after that. that's how it works in real life. you can't just order her to arrive at your airport. us immigration would never allow such a thing to happen.wumaster - i got everything i wanted by going abroad! you can too! http://www.happierabroad.com

nicole kidman is a wonderful actress and here she's great. i really liked ben chaplin in the thin red line and he is very good here too. this is not great cinema but i was most entertained. given most films these days this is high praise indeed.

every time i see nicole i like her more. i love a movie like this. a woman you just won't give up on, but she keeps breaking your heart. first movie i remember seeing like this was of human bondage, the kim novak - laurence harvey version. the beefs about the correctness of the russian spoken in this film are petty, it was good enough to fool me or anybody else who can't speak russian, i'm sure. funny how people miss the point. the no-goodnik russian guys were well cast too. finally, i have to tip my hat to ben chaplin, as somebody else noted, he plays a sap with great dignity, and there was definitely some heat between him and nicole. to think, guys get paid for that, mind-blowing.

modern, original, romantic story.very good acting of both nicole kidman and ben chaplin.miss kidman does a nice job in imitating a russian accent. ben chaplin is also good as the shy, dull clerk. for the men (and some women) : miss kidman looks fantastic and is very sympathetic. i forgot what a gorgeous woman she is. it's not hard to imagine that john falls in love with her. some unexpected turns in the story are good for the suspense. although i hoped for a happy ending, the last part of the movie was quite a surprise for me. conclusion : good movie. les pays-bas : huit points.

a small funny film. it is totally incredible, unbelievable, impossible. but it is funny how an introverted masochist can become totally dependent and mesmerized, even hypnotized by a girl he hardly knows but who was able to get down into his phantasms. of course it is a denunciation of the foolish deals you can get to on the internet. you must not believe ten percent of what you're told there and never, ever, ever accept to tie up your hands in a way or another to someone or something or some organization you do not know personally. most of their "businesses" there are in a way or another going to fool you and raid you. but here the chap deserves being the victim of such gangsters because he is not only naive, he is absurdly silly. but then the film becomes funny because it ends up with the victim of the crooked business having the upper hand and ending up playing the same game with his victimizer and winning. one think is sure too. security in english airports is not exactly what it should be, but i guess it's not better anywhere else in the world and even now they have tightened up all rules and regulations it is just fun to go through their procedures and foil them systematically. then they have their vengeance by losing your luggage, a real plague on modern airports, and don't expect to get fair compensation. or even confiscating a bottle opener or a can opener because it may be dangerous. i can see myself cutting my way through the side of the plane with a can opener. funny, isn't it? dr jacques coulardeau, university paris dauphine, university paris 1 pantheon sorbonne & university versailles saint quentin en yvelines

when i saw birthday girl i liked it so much i set out to see every nicole kidman film i could, only to find all of them a disappointment compared to it. i theorize that while the presence of a particular star usually guarantees a certain level of quality because of their artistic control, with nicole kidman the influence she exerts is detrimental to film enjoyment--imho. thus for instance, dogville, even depriving the viewer of anything visual to detract from the existential insight she is hammering home, or other films promoting gay and lesbianism as worthy of anyone else's attention, or other pet causes of kidman's. here she is a natural woman and she does a really great job. i don't how or who was able to restrain her, but apparently it worked. the way the film depicts her openness despite her resistance gets to the heart of what makes a woman a woman. and consequently, what makes a man's most desperate hopes marginally attainable. of course, the fact the male lead transforms from a milquetoast clerk to macho man in the space of one film sounds like a male ego expansion fantasy, but his transformation is adequately believable. it isn't coyly contrived as it would be in a film engineered to bolster male ego. instead it accurately records necessary growth arising from the films unique circumstances.also quite charming is the way the criminals are portrayed as perfectly human, apart from their criminal mission. her gang has a coed rough and tumble fellowship which is foreign to american culture. and while they are his adversaries, they are never really his enemy. in effect, they teach him to be compete.i really marveled at kidman's ability to physically appear russian. it had me wondering whether her ancestry was russian, but none of the photos of her i examined showed any hint of it. maybe it is just makeup but it was amazing. i can only hope that they knock her over the head again soon so she can turn out another great film. despite my gratuitous digs at ms. kidman, the message is this is a superior film in every way and probably the role of a lifetime.

this is a comedy based on national stereotypes, no doubt. if you leave away pretending you know or you care what communism was about and how real russians or brits are, if you accept and are not hurt by the conventions, you can have fun with this film. nicole kidman is at her best, sexy, moving and funny. ben chaplin succeeds to avoid being completely out-shadowed by nicole, and the rest of the cast does good work as well. the final is moving, and logical - movie logics, of course. worth watching, if you accept the rules of the game.

the critics didn't like this film. it bombed in the states and as a result received only a limited showing in britain. which was a great shame, because it represents british rather than american humour and should have been shown in britain first.nicole kidman looks stunning and is a totally convincing russian. ben chaplin is the dustin hoffman character from 'the graduate', and 'birthday girl' has at least 4 scenes which remind the viewer of that 1960s classic (despite being a totally different story!).sure it changes tack a number of times from comedy to black comedy to thriller to adventure - but it's memorable, moving and a weclome breath of fresh air compared to the average mega-budget blockbuster.see it with an open mind!

from what critics and audiences indicated, birthday girl had to be a big fat clinker. still, because i love nicole kidman, i decided to rent it last night. it proved to be quite worthy of watching. sure, it isn't your basic american comedy, and it doesn't take a genius to realize that it is a very british movie, but that's why i liked it. it was a change from all the other movies around, a breath of fresh air. sure, there were some plot holes, but overall it worked. first off, kidman was fabulous again in a very different, not very glamorous, but still quite sexy role. she just keeps proving that she is one of the top talents in hollywood. not only is her russian accent when she speaks english effective, but there are times when she carries on long conversations in russian and if you didn't know it was nicole kidman, you would never question her authenticity. harrison ford should have taken note in "k-19." overall a slight little movie that works despite the horrible buzz.

this film is definitely an odd love story. though this film may not be much to shout about, nicole kidman carries the film on her own the rest of the cast could quite easily be forgotten, though ben chaplin does do quite a good job of hertfordshire life with shots of st albans & hemel hempstead town centre depicting the true essence of the area. what starts outlooking like a regular episode of the popular british tv series"heartbeat" soon turns into a gritty gangster getaway action flick.nothing truly memorable happens in this simple small film and thus ends-up as fairly decent weekend entertainment. a good one to watch, and if you like the hero john are lonely thirty something you may find something to identify with in his character.

are you a giraffe?... ask john to nadia, and she, sure of responding well, responds him: yes. in this way begin the communication between a man and a woman who don't know each other, and at the same time, the questions and doubts in "birthday girl". a film that i heard a lot of times, but i don't dare to see... until two hours of write this."birthday girl" is a passionate movie that makes me fall in count, at the same time, that nicole kidman is one of the best actress (besides she is pretty and intelligent) that i have ever seen. "birthday girl" is the story of a lonely and routine man who looks for a wife at internet. the woman that he finds comes from russia. she seems to be that delicate woman, normal, not more. one day, in her birthday comes suddenly, his cousin and his friend. the man, begin to discover certain things. since here, he don't going to be the lonely and routine man that always have been.much of us going to think that this movie is just a regular one with a exploited plot. much of us going to think that the action and thrills are sure and don't novel. but "birthday girl" is just the opposite. this movie is full of good surprises, good performances and a imaginative plot that i had never seen and imagined. this romantic thriller with certain funny touch is an excellent natural film with a lot of proposes for the films of it kind. "birthday girl" have certain beauty and crudeness in its scenes, but at the same time, certain touching nature, and makes it so deeper."birthday girl" is sometimes sad, sometimes funny, sometimes violent, but at the end, is totally satisfactory. and i'm not sorry in say that this is a masterpiece.*sorry for the mistakes...well, if there any.

the trailer for this movie didn't do the movie justice. and while the movie didn't know what it really wanted to get across, the first half of the movie being a light, romance comedy and the second have a more serious, romantic drama, the overall impact was much better than i thought it would be. this movie was more of a date movie, but the trailer made it into more of a suspense thriller which it never really turned out to be. kidman, being one of my favorites, of course i'm biased, but this movie proved to be a light, sensitive, if somewhat quirky movie that deserved better. three out of four stars. 9/5/02.

this is a good example a film that in spite of the low rating is more than worth watching. the story is engaging and it doesn't take long before the chemistry between nicole kidman and ben chaplin grabs your attention. the acting is first class and the characters are represented well. sometimes it feels like the director couldn't decide himself between drama and romantic comedy. ben chiller's portrayal of the law abiding and shy englishman with porn s.m. magazines hidden in the bedroom creates plenty of moments for laughs! as does the look in nicole kidman's eyes when she is offering john his first taste of intimacy in a long time... other times the actors and especially nicole kidman give this comedy quite expertly a dramatic slant.

for a film that got little publicity, and few people have heard about, this was pretty good. it's another one of these modern-day british crime films that are quirky ("snatch," "sexy beast," etc.). it's not wild like "snatch" but it's interesting and it has some rough characters.it also has a corny and somewhat predictable ending but early in the show - not late - has some neat twists to make it very interesting for the first-time viewer. basically, it's about a low-key british male who sends away for a russian "mail order bride" who winds up, with the aid of two russian male friends, providing a couple of big surprises.ben chapin and nicole kidman co-star, and are very good as are vincent cassel and matthieu kassovitz as kidman's russian cohorts. this is a different kind of film and well-acted. kidman once again proves she's far more than just a beautiful face.

john (ben chaplin) is a lonely bank clerk who lives in a small town not far from london. though the internet, he contacts a russian agency of brides. he selects sophia (nicole kidman – the guy could be lonely and shy, but certainly has a good taste, doesn't he?) and when they met each other, he realizes that she does not speak english. the communication between each other is basically limited by sex (again, imagine, what a terrible situation for the guy, just have some kinky sex with nicole kidman!). on her birthday, two russian friends of her visit them. then, lots of surprises will happen. i liked this movie: first, it is almost impossible to be 'labeled'. is it a black comedy, an action, a thriller movie? i believe all the choices are correct. nicole kidman is gorgeous as usual, and i am very curious about her russian: is she speaking russian in a correct accent indeed, or just faking? anyway, i found it an enjoyable movie. my vote is eight.title (brazil): "a isca perfeita" ("the perfect bait")

this movie really woke me up, like it wakes up the main male character of this bravely different movie from his life slumber.this guy john (ben chaplin) leads his mediocre safe life of a bank teller in a small provincial english town, until the stunningly gorgeous, wild, girl-to-die-for nadia (nicole kidman), ordered by email from russia, enters his life to become his beloved wife, by johns plan. however a glitch turns up - nadia does not speak a word of johns language. although calm and emotionless on the outside, john becomes so interested in beautiful nadia that instead of using the full refund policy of the matching service, he buys her a dictionary to start the communication process.what happens henceforth in the plot really shakes poor john from his slumber of a decently-paid safe-feeling clerk into a decision-making decently thinking action figure, giving the viewer a subliminal message "you would have probably acted likewise".kidman, cassel & kassovitz make a great team acting russians and they are almost indistinguishable from the real thing, "almost" only due to the slight accent present in their russian dialogues, however slight enough to amaze a native russian by the hard work done to get the words sound right. nicole kidman proves her talent once again by playing a character quite different from the previous roles, at least from the cultural background.the pace of the film is fast and captivating, and you certainly are not ready to quit watching when the end titles appear, you rather feel that you're in the middle of the plot, and are left with a desire to see the sequel as soon as it comes out.my advice is to go out and get this film immediately and watch it and enjoy. to sum it up, it has an unusual plot, great acting, and ideas below the surface. like the idea of the "rude awakening" from the artificial safe routine life of a wheel in a society's machine, the life which members of the fight club were so keen to quit and the machine of which pink floyd sings ("welcome to the machine!"). i bet that in the end, john was rather off with sophia on their way to the unknown than not having met her at all.thank you, writers, for the great story, and everyone else for this great movie! please make a sequel! and you can stage it whereever and name the location whatever, because the authenticity of the place is irrelevant to the 99.9999 percent of the potential viewers, i am sure of it.

of course i would have to give this film 10 out of 10 as my uncle was the main screenplay writer of once upon a crime. rodolfo sonego wrote screenplays for over 50 years living in italy. he was a great story teller and someone suggested that he put his stories into writing. so rodolfo sonego did. if you check out his biography, you can see the number of movies that have been made in italy. alberto sordie was the main actor that starred in his stories. my uncle visited australia and my town, in 1968 to check out locations for "a girl in australia" and created a great movie about a proxy bride after the second world war. you can see his humor in all his movies. i found a copy of this movie on dvd recently. great

i saw this ages ago when i was younger and could never remember the title, until one day i was scrolling through john candy's film credits on imdb and noticed an entry named "once upon a crime...". something rang a bell and i clicked on it, and after reading the plot summary it brought back a lot of memories.i've found it has aged pretty well despite the fact that it is not by any means a "great" comedy. it is, however, rather enjoyable and is a good riff on a hitchcock formula of mistaken identity and worldwide thrills.the movie has a large cast of characters, amongst them an american couple who find a woman's dog while vacationing in europe and decide to return it to her for a reward - only to find her dead body upon arrival. from there the plot gets crazier and sillier and they go on the run after the police think they are the killers.kind of a mix between "it's a mad mad mad mad world" and a lighter hitchcock feature, this was directed by eugene levy and he managed to get some of his good friends - such as john candy - to star in it. the movie is mostly engaging due to its cast, and the ending has a funny little twist that isn't totally unpredictable but also is kind of unexpected.

i love monte carlo and thoroughly enjoyed this movie. i thought everyone was very good. i was not familiar with richard lewis, i thought he made his character (julian peters) very personable, funny and attractive. sean young was very good as the befuddled rejected girl with a heart of gold. george hamilton was charming and the perfect italian gigolo. john candy has a field day as the bon vivant. james belushi is hysterical as a total jerk. cybill shepard gave a very sweet performance as a nice vulnerable ignored housewife. delightful ensemble cast. lots of talent, clever script, lots going on and beautiful locations. just a nice pick me up for a dreary day. especially in the winter when a trip to europe is not anywhere on your horizon.

with a well thought out cast, this movie was a great comedic relief. the plot is well-written and the cast was knockout. every bit as good as the reviews suggested (a rarity) and was highly entertaining. being a huge john candy fan myself, this movie was no disappointment.

this movie has an all star cast, john candy, richard lewis, ornella mutti, cybill shepard, and jim belushi to name a few, run amuck in monte carlo, as well as some other beautiful european locations, and is very funny. the trouble that everyone gets in when they lie to protect themselves is great, and i highly recommend that you see this movie, it is well worth it! john candy is in top form in once upon a crime, as is everyone else! if you and your family are looking for a great family film, this is your ticket. everyone gives stellar performances, great acting, great comedy, and great timing, which is rare in movies these days. great plot, great mystery, (which i love anyways) and overall, well worth the money you spend on it. so get the kids, grab some popcorn, juice, or tea, or sodas, and enjoy the show!!!!

john candy's performance in once upon a crime is possibly his best ever. it's been my favourite movie since it came out. i spent 5 years searching for it. that's how good it is. if you disagree, well, that's your opinion. enjoy the movie.

michael stearns plays mike, a sexually frustrated individual with an interesting moral attitude towards sexuality. he has no problem ogling naked dancers but when women start having sex with men that's when he loses it. he believes that when women actually have sex that's when they lose any sense of "innocence" and/or "beauty". so he strolls through the hollywood hills stalking lovemaking couples at a distance, ultimately shooting the men dead with a high-powered rifle with a scope.the seeming primary reason for this movie's existence is to indulge in sexual activity over and over again. the "story" comes off as more of an afterthought. this is bound to make many a happily heterosexual male quite pleased as we're treated to enough protracted scenes of nudity (the ladies here look awfully good sans clothes) and sex to serve as a major dose of titillation. of course, seeing a fair deal of it through a scope ups the creepiness factor considerably and illustrates the compulsion towards voyeurism. (for one thing, mike eyes the couples through the scope for minutes at a time before finally pulling the trigger.) this is all underscored by awfully intrusive if somewhat atmospheric music on the soundtrack.those with a penchant for lurid trash are bound to enjoy this to one degree or another. it even includes one lesbian tryst that confounds mike and renders him uncertain *how* to react. it unfolds at a very slow pace, but wraps up with a most amusing ironic twist. it's a kinky and twisted rarity that if nothing else is going to definitely keep some viewers glued to the screen.7/10

johny to makes here one of his best style exercises, making a strong film with a good yakuza's story. the election of the new yakuza's boss is the beginning of a war inside the organization.in my opinion the violence is wise used in the context, making a very strong gangs film. i specially love the way he tells the history, moving around all the roles inside the yakuza's family, and making that we see the violence, like the only way they have to solve their problems...talking about, the technical aspects, the film is a good example of paused, rythmic and planified way of shooting a film. one of the hong kong films of the year. is like infernal affairs, but without the easy action-violence scenes, and the confused storyline. strongly recommended to all asian films lovers.(sorry for my english, better do in spanish lol)

enjoyed the movie and efficient confucian crime drama, the old order survives the threat posed by a brash young greedy man, no doubt representing modern society. i thought the final scene was strange and could not understand if we were to believe that big d was being punished for being greedy or it was part of the plan a long. i loved the scene and for once in a chinese movie, the violence was not a choreographed martial arts fest. on thing that always amuses me about hk films is that the main influence the british seem to have had is to introduce 'yes sir' and 'sorry' into the local language and its amusing that long after we have gone, they are still there.

not to be confused with the resse witherspoon high school film of the same name, this is a stylised look at hong kong's triad gangs. called election because a new leader or 'chairman' is elected by ancient traditions every two years. two candidates are up for the position and through ego, bribes and past track record the race is tense to say the least. expertly directed to introduce you to an expansive cast without ever being confusing the story twists and turns before revealing itself in all its brutal glory. the asian godfather this is not, but it is an enjoyable thriller in a gangster genre that will leave you on the edge of your seat and wincing at the violence. subtitled volume 1 i think its safe to say there will other instalments as we go deeper into the murky world of the triads and all their feuding and underhand business deals. either way this is a good start and if there are no sequels a great film in its own right.

this isn't as violent as i was expecting which makes the violent scenes appear all the more brutal and effective.there are a lot of twists and turns and back stabbing and double crossing all the way through the film making it hard to know who's side a particular character is on.the plot is pacey with some good dialogue and character development and gives an interesting view of the workings of the triad gang it follows.the violence when it comes is brutal, no guns or martial art scenes with special effects, this is believable in your face violence and for all the dialogue you are never allowed forget that the triad is a violent criminal organisation.the ending is surprising but thoroughly consistent and believable.

there can be no denying that hak se wui (election in english) is a well made and well thought out film. the film uses numerous clever pieces of identification all the time playing with modernity yet sticking to tradition – a theme played with throughout the film where john woo's hong kong films are action packed and over the top in their explosive content as seen in hard boiled (1992) and when hong kong films do settle down into rhythms of telling the story from the 'bad' point of view, they can sometimes stutter and just become merely unmemorable, a good example being city on fire (1987).election is a film that is memorable for the sheer fact of its unpredictable scenes, spontaneous action and violence that are done in a realistic and tasteful (if that's the right word) manner as well as the clever little 'in pieces' of film-making. it's difficult to spot during the viewing but election is really constructed in a kind of three act structure: there is the first point of concern involving the actual election and whoever is voted in is voted in – not everyone likes the decision but what the uncles say, goes. the second act is the retrieving of the ancient baton from china that tradition demands must be present during the inauguration with the final third the aftermath of the inauguration and certain characters coming up with their own ideas on how the triads should and could be run. needless to say; certain events and twists occur during each of the three thirds, some are small and immaterial whereas some are much larger and spectacular.election does have some faults with the majority coming in the opening third. trying to kill off time surrounding an election that only takes a few minutes to complete was clearly a hard task for the writers and filmmakers and that shows at numerous points. i got the feeling that a certain scene was just starting to go somewhere before it was interrupted by the police and then everyone gets arrested. this happens a few times: a fight breaks out in a restaurant but the police are there and everyone is arrested; there's a secret meeting about the baton between the triads but the police show up and everyone gets arrested; some other triads are having a pre-election talk but the police show up and guess what? you know.once the film gets out of that rut that i thought it would, it uses a sacred baton as a plot device to get everybody moving. the baton spawns some good fight scenes such as the chasing of a truck after it's been hotwired, another chase involving a motorbike and a kung-fu fight with a load of melee weapons in a street – the scenes are unpredictable, realistic and violent but like i said, they are in a 'tasteful' manner. where election really soars is its attention to that fine detail. when the triads are in jail, the bars are covered with wire suggesting they're all animals in cages as that's how they behave on the outside when in conflict. another fine piece of attention to detail is the way the uncles toast using tea and not alcohol, elevating themselves above other head gangsters who'd use champagne (the long good friday) and also referencing chinese tradition of drinking tea to celebrate or commemorate.election is a good film that is structured well enough to enjoy and a film that has fantastic mise-en-scene as you look at what's going on. some of the indoor settings and the clothing as well as the buckets of style that is poured on as the search and chase for the baton intensifies. the inauguration is like another short film entirely and very well integrated into the film; hinting at chinese tradition in the process. i feel the best scene is the ending scene as it sums it up perfectly: two shifty characters fishing and debating the ruling of the triads all the while remaining realistic, unpredictable and violent: in a tasteful manner, of course.

election is a chinese mob movie, or triads in this case. every two years an election is held to decide on a new leader, and at first it seems a toss up between big d (tony leung ka fai, or as i know him, "the other tony leung") and lok (simon yam, who was judge in full contact!). though once lok wins, big d refuses to accept the choice and goes to whatever lengths he can to secure recognition as the new leader. unlike any other asian film i watch featuring gangsters, this one is not an action movie. it has its bloody moments, when necessary, as in goodfellas, but it's basically just a really effective drama. there are a lot of characters, which is really hard to keep track of, but i think that plays into the craziness of it all a bit. a 100-year-old baton, which is the symbol of power i mentioned before, changes hands several times before things settle down. and though it may appear that the film ends at the 65 or 70-minute mark, there are still a couple big surprises waiting. simon yam was my favorite character here and sort of anchors the picture.election was quite the award winner at last year's hong kong film awards, winning for best actor (tony leung), best picture, best director (johnny to, who did heroic trio!!), and best screenplay. it also had nominations for cinematography, editing, film score (which i loved), and three more acting performances (including yam).

first off, i must say that i made the mistake of watching the election films out of sequence. i say unfortunately, because after seeing election 2 first, election seems a bit of a disappointment. both films are gangster epics that are similar in form. and while election is an enjoyable piece of cinema... it's just not nearly as good as it's sequel.in the first election installment, we are shown the two competitors for chairman; big d and lok. after a few scenes of discussion amongst the "uncle's" as to who should have the chairman title, they (almost unanimously) decide that lok (simon yam) will helm the triads. suffice to say this doesn't go over very well with competitor big d (tony leung ka fai) and in a bid to influence the takeover, big d kidnaps two of the uncles in order to sway the election board to his side. this has disastrous results and heads the triads into an all out war. lok is determined to become chairman but won't become official until he can recover the "dragon head baton", a material representation of the chairman's power. the current chairman, whistle (chung wang) has hidden the baton somewhere in mainland china and the race is on to see who can recover it first.much of the film is devoted to the recovery of the baton. as both aspiring leaders search for it they must dodge cops and opposite sides, which leads into one of the stand out scenes in election, which involves an underling named jet (nick cheung), a machete, and lots of bad guys. nick cheung's presence is attention grabbing to say the least... i wonder if this influenced director johhnie to in any way while making the second election, as he does deliver more of jet's character in the sequel.while nick cheung gives a scene stealing performance, i must not fail to give due to the rest of the film's actors. election has a great ensemble cast with well thought out performances that are both subtle and impacting. simon yam is his usually glorious self and the film also benefits from heavyweight hk actors like louis koo, tony leung ka fai, and the under-appreciated suet lam. there really aren't any weak links in the acting and one could easily believe that they're watching real gangsters.although the performances are great, one of the most impressive things about election is johnnie to's eye for the camera. there are some truly striking shots in the film and it goes without saying that to definitely knows how to frame his shots, as the viewer is treated to a series of innovative and quite brilliant camera placings and angles. all of which makes election, above all, a great looking film.my issues with the film arises mostly out of the shear amount of characters involved in election. it gets a bit hard to follow because the film is so full of characters that aren't integral to the plot. while the sequel opts to focus more on the two candidates, the first election offers the election process as a whole with tons of uncles, underlings, and police officers crowding the storyline. maybe the film would have worked better if it would have been a bit longer with more time dedicated to the inner workings of the triad, or if director johnnie to would have funneled down the necessary elements and expounded on them more. bottom line- all in all, this is a wonderfully brutal film with a great cast, excellent direction, and leisurely pacing that packs a punch. it's just a little more complicated than it needed to be.

it might be a little erroneous to open a review by describing a film in terms of other films, but i think it's the best way to give an approximation of the place election occupies in the gangster genre arena. it works somewhere in between the godfather and kinji fukasaku's yakuza opus the yakuza papers (aka battles without honour and humanity), in that it is simultaneously both romanticized and realistic, dark and gritty. but it's also a johnnie to film, and as such it carries the distinct touch of the hong kong auteur.every two years the hk triad elects a new boss. only this time one of the candidates is not overly happy with the result so he decides to take matters into his own hands much to the dismay of the rest of the triads and the police. that's the story in a nutshell but rest assured it has a lot more going for it than that. as in the yakuza papers, there's a great deal of scheming, back-stabbing and forming and switching of allegiances (sometimes all it takes is a phone call - in one of the most memorable scenes i've seen in recent time) which might not necessarily make for deep drama but makes for an interesting plot and good character conflict. fans of the gangster genre are likely to appreciate it in that aspect. election is not as action-oriented as one might expect; although it is violent. and i'm not talking about the glossy, glamour version of hollywood violence. this is dark and grim. to's camera lingers in the scenes of people being brutalized in ways that reveal both the humanity and inhumanity of the perpetrators and victims; after all violence is an integral part of us whether we like it or not.if you're familiar with to's style, then you should know what to expect. the pacing is relatively slow and deliberate. the cinematography is great, slick and dark in equal measures, utilizing dark hues (brown, dark green and orange) while the smooth tracking shots add a vibrant quality to it. in the end, election occupies a peculiar place. it's not exactly a character study and it's not an action-oriented gangster film. it explores a situation (the election and its aftermath), but does so in style, and is both realistic and romanticized (the triad ceremonies in particular echo of an oriental godfather).

this movie is great fun to watch if you love films of the organized crime variety. those looking for a crime film starring a charismatic lead with dreams of taking over in a bad way may be slightly disappointed with the way this film strides.it is a fun romp through a criminal underworld however and if you aren't familiar with hong kong films, then you may be pleasantly surprised by this one. i was somewhat disappointed by some of the choices made story-wise but overall a good crime film. some things did not make sense but that seems to be the norm with films of the east. people just randomly do things regardless of how their personalities were set up prior. it's a slightly annoying pattern that permeates even in this film.

johnnie to's election has some cool music on the opening credits—and a nice opening credits' design too, a kaleidoscope of chinese characters and those asian mobsters solemnly taking an oath or uttering some sacred stuff; as a matter of fact the whole flick is nicely scored. i have found about to from bishop seraphim sigrist and was quite eager to see a to movie. the one with which i began, election, is exciting and interesting, and only moderately violent by nowadays standards—moderately and also essentially violent; the story of an asian godfather's scheming, it uses a puzzle play of elements, violent facts from the mobsters' lives, the race for the scepter, true details, and as with coppola we are expected to believe that some of the morally glamorized mobsters are entitled and nice and likable. the performances are reasonably amusing and colorful.election is well made in the enjoyable, somewhat careless style of the hong kong fare; the ending is bitter, true, straight and will scare the kids.

i spotted in the guide to films list for the santa barbara film festival, where i went when i was in hollywood, that this film was in screening. basically there is an election for the new chairman of the hong kong triads wo sing society coming up, so you can imagine how much violence that is going to occur during this. the struggle is between "candidates" lam lok (simon yam) and big d (tony leung ka fai) for control of the oldest and most powerful triad parts of the society. also starring louis koo as jimmy lee, nick cheung as jet, cheung siu fai as mr. so, lam suet as big head and lam ka tung as kun. there are some good realistic corruption themes and moments, just about enough action, apart from maybe when the cops get involved, but a sequel followed, so it's a pretty worthwhile crime drama thriller. very good!

i always thought this would be a long and boring talking-heads flick full of static interior takes, dude, i was wrong. "election" is a highly fascinating and thoroughly captivating thriller-drama, taking a deep and realistic view behind the origins of triads-rituals. characters are constantly on the move, and although as a viewer you kinda always remain an outsider, it's still possible to feel the suspense coming from certain decisions and ambitions of the characters. furthermore johnnie to succeeds in creating some truly opulent images due to meticulously composed lighting and atmospheric light-shadow contrasts. although there's hardly any action, the ending is still shocking in it's ruthless depicting of brutality. cool movie that deserves more attention, and i came to like the minimalistic acoustic guitar score quite a bit.

the first of two films by johnny to, this film won many awards, but none so prestigious as a cannes golden palm nomination.the triad elects their leader, but it is far from democratic with the behind the scenes machinations.tony leung ka fai (zhou yu's train, ashes of time redux) is big d, who plans to take the baton no matter what it takes, even if it means a war. well, war is not going to happen as that is bad for business. big d will change his tune or...good performances by simon yam, louis koo and ka tung lam (infernal affairs i & iii), along with tony leung ka fai.whether masons, made men in the mafia, or members of the wo sing society, the ceremonies are the same; fascinating to watch.to be continued...

personally, i find the movie to be quite a good watch. it outlines the actual situation of triads in hong kong and gives the viewer a glimpse of how triads are organized.not only that, it also shows the viewer how the hong kong police control the triad situation and why the police don't just go all out and wipe out triads.overall, the movie is rather violent due to the gangland methods of killings & torture. nevertheless, the movie stays true to the real world, thus the violence on screen is just a reflection of what really happens.i'd recommend this movie to any triad/mafia movie fan. another good watch would be dragon squad. that movie has more guns than this, as in this movie there's more knives than guns (in fact i don't remember seeing a single gun).

despite a tight narrative, johnnie to's election feels at times like it was once a longer picture, with many characters and plot strands abandoned or ultimately unresolved. some of these are dealt with in the truly excellent and far superior sequel, election 2: harmony is a virtue, but it's still a dependably enthralling thriller about a contested triad election that bypasses the usual shootouts and explosions (though not the violence) in favour of constantly shifting alliances that can turn in the time it takes to make a phone call. it's also a film where the most ruthless character isn't always the most threatening one, as the chilling ending makes only too clear: one can imagine a lifetime of psychological counselling being necessary for all the trauma that one inflicts on one unfortunate bystander.simon yam, all too often a variable actor but always at his best under to's direction, has possibly never been better in the lead, not least because tony leung's much more extrovert performance makes his stillness more the powerful.

election marks the 2nd trial society theme movie directed by johnnie to.to marvellously casted simon yan and tony leung kar fai as lok and big d, as the two trial members who were chosen as candidates for the position of chairman for ho sing society, a 100 year old trial society.while lok is a man who keeps his cool at all times, big d is not only impatient, but also thinks that he is on top of everything. lok was chosen as the next chairman for 2 years. to have the total control of the gang, the newly elected chairman must be passed down with a dragon baton, which represents power and authority. big d was extremely unhappy with the results that he was not chosen to be the next chairman after paying a handsome figure of bribes to the council members. he ordered his man to get the baton before it falls onto the hands of lok.while big d is getting the baton, lok has other plans for him.this is one of the trial society theme movies where not much bloodshed is needed. johnnie to puts the greed of the human beings in the movie, where bloodshed is commonly used in other trial society theme movies to show how the greed of human beings can caused the death or the downfall of one. however, no single bullet is used, hardly any gangfights are involved in election. it's the battle of the wits that makes election stands out of the rest.apart from maggie shiu, the only actress in election with less than 5 lines to talk in the whole movie, masculinity rules the whole movie. louis koo and nick cheung, who was seen in to's previous film, are casted as an undercover cop and a gangster who sold his life to the gang respectively. together with some of the veteran actors making their appearance in the film and the excellent script, it makes the only hk movie to represent cannes fil festival 2005.election has hardly failed any critics who wants an different trial society theme movie.

this film really deserves more recognition than its getting. it really is a stunning and rich portrayal of blood ties, favours and allegiances within the crime world. the film is shot beautifully and delves into all you're classic crime themes such as betrayal and power. this film is a movie goers film, it requires attention and understanding and rewards fully in the end. it is the godfather of hong kong and is a welcome change rather than another wire frame fighting, martial arts epic which seems to be the major contribution to the cinema world from hong kong and china. it features an arrangement of great characters, actors and development although is fair to say i had to watch it twice just to nail what was happening with some of the characters due to their being so many interactions in the film. all in all 8/10 great plot characters but there are characters that don't stand out enough and the music didn't really get me going and at times i felt it didn't sync well with the action(there is action by the way) so it loses some points for that.

at the end of the movie i still don't know whether i liked it or not. so was the case with most of the reviewers. but none the less i still feel that the movie is worth a 7 for the amount of efforts put in. long ago i read a quote: there are 2 kind of writers, 1. those who think and write. and 2. those write and make the readers think. while here i feel that guy ritchie took this way too literally and left all the thinking for the audience.i felt that the movie was a mixed bag filled with some of the devils advocate and fight club....it is definitely a classic: something which no one understands but appreciates....what i don't understand: why stathom(jake green) had a blackout (thats how it all began), all the riddles and mysteries in the movie have been taken care of except this one.well if you are reading this review to find the solution as what this movie was all about: i'll post the very midnight it strikes me and if you are still deciding to watch this movie or not: then answer this first.... when you come across a puzzle labeled as 'no one has ever solved' would you like to try? i would

aside from a few titles and the new sherlock holmes movie, i think i've watched every movie guy ritchie has directed. twice. needless to say, i'm a big fan and revolver is one of the highlighted reasons why. this movie is a very different approach from ritchie, when you look at it comparatively with lock, stock... and snatch. revolver sets us up for a psychological thriller of sorts as a gambling con finds himself at the mercy of a set of foes he didn't expect and a guided walk for redemption that he didn't know he needed. along with seeing andré benjamin of outkast fame strut his acting ability, other standout acts are ray liotta playing the maniacal mr. d/macha and mark strong playing sorter, the hit-man.after being sent to prison by a tyrannous casino owner, macha, jake uses his time in solitary to finesse a plot to humiliate macha and force his hand in compensating him for the seven years he spent. when he wins a card game and amasses a decent sum from macha, jake finds himself on the brink of death as he collapses and is diagnosed with an incurable disease that's left him with three days to live. a team of loan sharks, however, have an answer for him and a ticket to life- only if he gives them all the money he has and relents to working for them, all in a ploy to both take macha down and show jake how dangerous he has made himself to himself. along with having the air of death loom, and a pair of loan sharks having a field day with his money, jake also has to deal with having a hit put out on him, which introduces sorter - a hit-man under macha's employ. the depth with the story comes when jake realizes that some co- convicts he spent time with in solitary may very-well be the loan shark team out to take him for all he has by crafting all of the unfortunate events that jake seems to find his way into. when faced with this reality though, zack (vincent pastore) and avi show jake just how twisted he has become from being in solitary, having only the company of his mind and his ego then makes it so that their actual existence is elusive even to jake. the movie unravels to a humbling process for both jake and macha as they both come to grips with their inner demons.the style of the movie is top-notch as you get the gritty feel of the crime world represented and the characters it includes. although a lot of nods at ritchie's previous films are here it still has a presence of its own from the dialogue, the sets and the experimental take on the gangster genre. it's also a great trip on humility and recognizing when you can easily let your ego or a preset notion mask you ability to accomplish what you want or overcome what you should. the characters are well crafted in this movie with all sides being fleshed out and, true to ritchie fashion, they're all tied in by some underhandedness that throws a wrench in everyone's affairs. i could and would like to go on about this film and its unique nuances but i don't want to take too much away from it if you haven't seen it yet.it may take a few sittings to get through all the intricate layers but it's a great movie and it should be seen. if you're lucky and you haven't seen the watered-down us release, see if you can get the original uk version as it will make for a great discussion piece among friends as you try to puzzle in your take. i saw it with my crew around early-2006 and we're still talking about it with little things we've picked up on today. it has garnered its cult status, and it's well- deserved as the film where ritchie stepped out the box and broke his norm a bit.standout line: "fear or revere me, but please, think i'm special. we share an addiction. we're approval junkies."

"ah ritchie's made another gangster film with statham" thought the average fan, expecting another snatch/lock stock; expecting perhaps a couple of temporal shifts, but none too hard for "me and the lads" to swallow after a few beers.ah, pay attention, you do need to watch this film. no cups of tea, no extra diet cokes from the counter, no "keep it running" shouts as you nip to the fridge - watch the film! no laughs other than those you may make yourself from the considerable violence (and if that floats your boat, so be it) but sharp solid direction, excellent dialogue, and great performances.my favourite - big pussy from the sopranos, always a reliable hood.

i have just finished watching this film and i can honestly say that this is a work of art. i was very surprised to see the overall rating as 5.2.not only does guy bring together a b list(ish) movie cast and make them into such glorious characters, he has given us a movie with a fantastically diverse story line with much left to the imagination.far too many people are wanting movies with a plot that can be understood and handed to them on a plate...yet these are the films that get poor reviews because they are far too predictable.this film is special. get it, now!

i'm giving ten out of ten it's one of the best movies ever. absolutely smashed, stunned and dazed by the whole picture, marvellous playing of jason statham, ray liotta and all the crew, amazing plot... just look into yourself and pluck up your courage to admit-it touched your soul, because it's strange, but there are all the answers you've been ever looking for... the very best, mr. ritchie! the very best ever. those who were looking for a simple figtings and skirmish keep yelling they are disappointed. but there are lots of shallow movies in hollywood nowadays, you can't remember what it was about the next day you had seen it. on the contrary, revolver is unique, i could have hardly expected it's possible to portray such a clear and genius picture of myself, of everyone who was to watch it. absolutely unsurpassed, astounding, dazzling... one can get insight watching this, i have no doubt about that. actually, no words can express my admiration... i'm still wondering how it was possible to shoot such a movie after years of giddy hollywood rubbish we had been watching. thank you from all heart, it's simply the best.

it's all very simple. jake goes to prison, and spends five years with the con and the chess masters. they get compassionate about his history of loss and failure, and utterly misery that he lives on because of his belief in his mastery of small tricks and control of the rules of small crooks. they decide to give jake the ultimate freedom: from his innermost fears, from what he believes to be himself. for that, they take him on a trip where he got to let go all the fear, all the pride, all the hope - to be reborn as true master of his will.it's a clever movie about the journey of illumination, about the infinite gambles and games that we do with and within ourselves. 10/10, no doubt.

i have never known of a film to arouse such debate in my life. believe me when i say that this film will eventually be remembered as an all-time classic. i was waiting in anticipation for this film as i had previously loved both lock, stock.... and snatch, but after some of the negative reviews i thought i would be very disappointed. i absolutely loved this film and i can't wait to see it again. this film is totally different to both of the aforementioned ritchie films, and also a lot better. i have my pick of favourite directors but none of them have pulled off a move as great as guy ritchie has just done with this movie. i believe he has taken movie-making to another level ( i know most people will be laughing at this comment guaging the reaction to this film, but i believe time will prove me right ). this movie is very confusing and carried on for much longer than the 2hr or so running time as i couldn't stop thinking about it or trying to piece things together. i have now got a pretty good take on everything that happens in this film ( some answers from endless hours of thinking, some answers from reading other people's take on the film )and now cannot wait until sunday when i will see it again. i just hope people go to the cinema with an open mind and they will hopefully be rewarded as i and many others have been.

neither the total disaster the uk critics claimed nor the misunderstood masterpiece its few fanboys insist, revolver is at the very least an admirable attempt by guy ritchie to add a little substance to his conman capers. but then, nothing is more despised than an ambitious film that bites off more than it can chew, especially one using the gangster/con-artist movie framework. as might be expected from luc besson's name on the credits as producer, there's a definite element of 'cinema de look' about it: set in a kind of realistic fantasy world where america and britain overlap, it looks great, has a couple of superbly edited and conceived action sequences and oozes style, all of which mark it up as a disposable entertainment. but ritchie clearly wants to do more than simply rehash his own movies for a fast buck, and he's spent a lot of time thinking and reading about life, the universe and everything. if anything its problem is that he's trying to throw in too many influences (a bit of machiavelli, a dash of godard, a lot of the principles of chess), motifs and techniques, littering the screen with quotes: the film was originally intended to end with three minutes of epigrams over photos of corpses of mob victims, and at times it feels as if he never read a fortune cookie he didn't want to turn into a movie. rather than a commercial for kabbalism, it's really more a mixture of the overlapping principles of commerce, chess and confidence trickery that for the most part pulls off the difficult trick of making the theosophy accessible while hiding the film's central (somewhat metaphysical) con.the last third is where most of the problems can be found as jason statham takes on the enemy (literally) within with lots of ambitious but not always entirely successful crosscutting within the frame to contrast people's exterior bravado with their inner fear and anger, but it's got a lot going for it all the same. not worth starting a new religion over, but i'm surprised it didn't get a us distributor. maybe they found ray liotta's intentionally fake tan just too damn scary?

having read the reviews for this film, i understandably started watching it with a great deal of doubt in my mind that it would actually be any good. however, this is one of the best films i have seen in a long time. the majority of reviews that i had read, said that the complicated plot made it too hard to follow. and whilst some parts do leave you confused, the ending ties up so many loose ends that you feel like kicking yourself because you've missed so much. it's not like "lock, stock..." or "snatch", in the sense that it isn't that funny (in fact, it's pretty dark), and it is a lot more intelligent, in the way that you see parts of scenes from different viewpoints (and, in one of the best scenes of the film, jason statham spends five minutes in a lift having an argument with himself). the way in which it is similar to the two films i just mentioned, is that it is full of memorable characters, specifically statham, who gives a fantastic performance as the lead, and ray liotta, who spends most of the film in speedos, but gives a great performance none the less. if you've got time, and have time afterwards to think about the film, and even watch it again, you really start to see all the symbolism and hints that are laid out through the film. i think it's fantastic, and that guy ritchie is a director on top of his game.

i will start by saying that this has undeservedly be panned by just about everyone! the fact is it wasn't what anyone was expecting, especially from guy ritchie. what everyone was expecting was cockney geezers and good one liners "do ya like dags?" etc, but this is far more mature than his previous works. i would agree that it is confusing but all the facts are there for us we just have to see them and listen harder, this film demands all your attention! look past the cool and dazzling look of the film, try to listen to the dialogue rather than admire the performances and i think we will all get a more thorough understanding of the whole film.yes this has its influences from modern classics( fight club, pulp fiction etc ) but it is in the whole original in both direction and pacing with a music score second to none. i feel that if everyone watched this film over and over they would understand it a lot more and maybe appreciate it for the fine piece of modern cinema that it is and i hope also that ritchie continues in this vain as i far prefer this to his mockney "masterpieces".

first of all, don't go into revolver expecting another snatch or lock stock, this is a different sort of gangster film.i saw the gala the other night and this movie definitely split the audience. it's the kind of movie where half the audience will leave thinking what was that? that was awful, and the other half will leave thinking what was that? that was cool. personally i like films that i don't understand, i.e.mullholland drive, and usual suspects, so i enjoyed revolver. it definitely wasn't perfect though. i saw the big twist coming a mile away, at least part of it, and though sometimes some loose ends left unexplained is good, revolver leaves a lot of questions unexplained for no reason it seemed. also some scenes, like the animation, and the scene where sorter goes on a killing spree(actually one of my favourites), although, awesome scenes to watch, seemed to just be there because they were awesome to watch, not because they fit in with the movie.however there were many good things too. i thought the acting was superb from all the main actors, jason stratham, ray liotta, vincent pastore, and even andre benjamin(who was a pleasant surprise). this movie definitely kept my interest, with one great, suspenseful, action packed, scene after another. when ray liotta was being held under the table wow....well you have to see it. the script was extremely well done, and the soundtrack, as with most guy ritchie films, was great.though a step below such movies as,fight club, mullholland drive, and usual suspects, it was still an awesome fast paced, psychological, action movie, with many twists and turns and tons of scenes you will remember long after the movie is over.

i watched to movie today and it just blew my mind away. it is a real masterpiece of art and i don't understand why most of the people think it's garbage. the main idea of the movie - take your ego away and then you will have true power! this was the main battle at the end of the movie and guy ritchie has shown that in a magnificent way. "the greatest enemy will hide in the last place you will ever look" - do you remember this from the movie? because our true enemy is in us - it is our ego... that voice that always tells us that we are important, that gives us our pride, that tells us not to give, but only to take, that creates our aggression, that wants to be in control, that creates all the negative feelings and thoughts. gr expressed this idea in an astonishing way and has shown that the only way to gain true control is when you loose control and you just let go of your personal importance. a superb movie!

i always enjoy seeing movies that make you think, and don't just drip-feed the answers to their audience. "revolver" is one of these films, and although many reviewers have stated that it is difficult to follow, with a bit of concentration and an open mind i got it. first time. true, it doesn't compare to other mind-mucks like "the usual suspects" or "memento", but in its own right its an intelligent and thought-provoking film. another thing i really liked about this film is how damn beautiful it is. every scene, every camera angle seems to have been thought about for ages. if you see it you'll know what i mean.so, to conclude... watch it with an open mind and you may enjoy it. if not, well, no-one ever said "revolver" is for everyone. and that's my 2 cents.

first of all, when people hear 'guy ritchie', they immediately think of snatch. yes, snatch was a good movie, but the problem is that everyone associates guy ritchie to snatch. they don't expect him to explore new frontiers. this movie revolver is different than snatch; it's much darker and is very complex. the reason i gave a rating of 10 is because i've had to watch revolver 3 times to understand everything. so this movie toys with your head. it's very cleverly written.this movie is different than snatch. it was done wonderfully, the cinematography is beautiful, and you can recognize guy ritchie's personal touch (style of directing) in it.what won me over was the complexity of the protagonist and how we are left with more questions than answers.

ok... this movie so far has been slated by critics and board-posters alike (although playing devil's advocate you could suggest that critics are often people who didn't make it for themselves as film-makers, and board posters are often people who didn't make it for themselves as critics) so i wanted to sit in guy's corner with the magic sponge to perhaps reach maybe a couple of the people who've decided not to see the film based on how everybody seems to be looking down their collective nose of approval at it.the film's biggest flaw in earning wide support is how unexpectedly complex it is. this has been described many times as as making the film "inaccessible" to the viewer. the film's chronology is relatively non-linear and the characters are used as not only a means of storytelling but as a device for showing us the subtle (or not so subtle) hints of bias we give things as we commit them to memory, ie. ray liotta's character brandishing a gun saying the words "fear me" is portrayed as both tragically pathetic (from statham's pov) or interrogating and bold (from liotta's pov). this is but one example of ritchie's far more mature approach he has taken to film-making with revolver, we have a storyline which is pretty archetypal (the strong but silent gritty anti-hero gets released from jail with a score to settle but gets drawn inadvertently into a world of corruption... i mean it's paint by numbers film noir here guys, all the way down to the vague poetic choice of diction and the gritty voice-overs) but then guy has taken this framework to make a number of extremely philosophical and complex points.take the scene where jason statham's character runs afoul of a car. this throwaway sequence could have been emitted from the film and made no difference to the story whatsoever... but ritchie is making point about how such little chance happenings such as receiving a phone call can make the difference between life and death.so the final act of the movie is pretty mind boggling, i'd be taking the p*ss if i said i didn't spend the last 20 minutes or so of the film turning to my date going "uh... wtf?"... but that is the shoddiest reason to disregard a piece of art. it is far too easy to dislike something because you find it hard to understand. and even easier to say "well nobody else seemed to understand it so it must be a real turd of a film!". in my humble opinion, revolver is a stylish, complex and mature piece of modern art which should be greeted with the same manner we would give the work of the saatchi brothers. if we choose this opportunity to collectively say "ah sh*t, i wanted a film about a load of bleeding' cockney gangsters in-nit loll... guy ritchie is a tit!" then the day will come when film-makers are allowed only to make that which is expected of them by shallow, crappy people. just because guy made a name for himself with funny, cheeky cockney romps, doesn't mean he can't be deep without being "pretentious". funny people can be thoughtful too.

the villian in this movie is one mean sob and he seems to enjoy what he is doing, that is what i guess makes him so mean. i don't think most men will like this movie, especially if they ever cheated on their wife. this is one of those movies that pretty much stays pretty mean to the very end. but then, there you have it, a candy-bar ending that makes me look back and say, "hokie as hell." a pretty good movie until the end. ending is the ending we would like to see but not the ending to such a mean beginning. and then there is the aftermath of what happened. guess you can make up your own mind about the true ending. i'm left feeling that only one character should have survived at the end.

this film made john glover a star. alan raimy is one of the most compelling character that i have ever seen on film. and i mean that sport.

successful self-made married businessman harry mitchell (a superbly steely performance by roy scheider) has an adulteress fling with sweet'n'sexy young stripper cini (the gorgeous kelly preston). harry's blackmailed by a trio of scummy low-life hoods -- sleazy porno theater manager raimy (a splendidly slimy john glover), antsy strip joint owner leo (well played by robert trebor) and crazed pimp bobby shy (a frightfully intense clarence williams iii) -- who have videotaped his affair with cini. when harry refuses to pay up, the hoods kill cini and make it look like harry did it. this in turn ignites a dangerous battle of wit and wills between harry and the hoods. director john frankenheimer, adopting a tough script based on elmore leonard's gritty crime thriller novel, expertly maintains a steady snappy pace, delivers plenty of gripping tension, and effectively creates a compellingly seedy'n'sordid atmosphere. the leads are all uniformly excellent, with stand-out supporting turns by ann-margret as harry's bitter neglected wife barbara, vanity as brash jaded prostitute doreen, and lonny chapman as harry's loyal business partner jim o'boyle. the tight'n'twisty plot keeps viewers on their toes throughout. the wickedly profane dialogue, jost vacano's glossy cinematography, gary chang's stirring score, the harshly amoral tone and the rousing conclusion are all likewise on the money as well. as an added bonus, both vanity and preston take their clothes off. a very strong and satisfying little number that's well worth checking out.

life's going not to badly for harry mitchell, he's an ex-air force major (plus nifty little pension i imagine), who's raking in the cash for a patent he's developed (fusing titanium and steel via explosive process, creating super metal fit for nasa), and his wife of twenty-odd years has kept herself in pretty good nick. he's got a nice little pad in la. i like to see visions of the 80s consumer dream, and you get a good slice here, what with the restored silver jag (a series 1 e-type roadster) for him, and the gorgeous antique dolls house for her (as well as i'm sure other trinkets and boys toys). there's always got to be more though hasn't there? so harry let's himself get caught up in some romantic shenanigans (you're only as old as the woman you're feeling). as in many films noir, one mistake, in an otherwise blotch-less life, leads to a downwards arc for harry.three blackmailers leech onto him. these are where the value are for me, great character actors playing very believable roles. bobby shy (played by clarence williams iii) is a black ex-con who is capable of performing incredible psychopathic acts in order to avoid jail and punish double-crossers. he's reminiscent of pluto, the vicious black ex-con psychopath from carl franklin's well-regarded neo-noir "one false move" (1992). there's a similar character motivation i believe. both men have had enough of the man, and well pretty much everyone, in extremis. robert trebor plays leo franks, a fat lily-livered pansy who runs a nudie parlour where gents can photograph nude models at $25 for half an hour, and $50 for a whole hour (did anyone else guffaw at the lack of discount?). he's in over his head, and it's great to watch trebor acting when leo starts to feel the heat, believable breakdown. john glover wins as alan raimy, who is the brains of the plot, an actually brilliant man who becomes a pornographer and turns to a life of crime out of sheer sociopathic ennui. he's a sexual sadist and does a few particularly unpleasant things during the movie, including what i believe is a pretty well-implied rape (pay attention to his rap sheet readout, it's easily missed, and read between the lines for the motel scene with "slim").in common with one false move, though not exclusively, i think the real impact of the movie is in the unusually communicative scenes of violence.so far so good but i think there's a real problem with the film. harry mitchell is told at one point that he has his "tit in the wringer". my problem is that harry mitchell is played by roy scheider. roy scheider protagonists never lose, they're self-sure and smooth, but not in an annoying way. i feel i'm being asked to believe that his character is in peril, the movie relies on this for dramatic tension; however i didn't believe it. for me it's like being asked to believe that sandra bullock's character is going to end up sleeping alone by the end of a romantic drama, or stephen seagal's character is going to get taken down by the baddies (did actually happen in one movie but was done deliberately for shock value). roy scheider doesn't convince as an adulterer either, you don't feel any annoyance with him at all, his character is teflon-coated.it also felt like a movie that took some cuts. at 110 minutes it still feels underdeveloped: harry's wife, ann margaret, is pretty much a cardboard cutout, an extension of harry, her back story as a politician running for office receives scant attention. the effect that the affair has on harry's marriage isn't properly communicated. this could be a frankenheimer problem, he's not known for character development. i never felt that harry was dealing with little more than an overtly annoying and erroneous tax claim from the irs. there is good sleazy violent noir content in this film, but i feel that to be in the excellent bracket that the casting of harry could have been done better (no disrespect to the great roy scheider). the film felt short, even with the long running time, and i think could have taken some more fleshing out.but you really can't forget the sleaze, like the deliciously pervy scene of harry taking photos of doreen in the nudie parlour.

52-pick up never got the respect it should have. it works on many levels, and has a complicated but followable plot. the actors involved give some of their finest performances. ann-margret, roy scheider, and john glover are perfectly cast and provide deep character portrayals. notable too are vanity, who should have parlayed this into a serious acting career given the unexpected ability she shows, and kelly preston, who's character will haunt you for a few days. anyone who likes action combined with a gritty complicated story will enjoy this.

this is a great "small" film. i say "small" because it doesn't have a hundred guns firing or a dozen explosions, as in a john woo film. great performances by roy scheider and the three "bad guys". john frankenheimer seems to have more luck with small productions these days. the film is very easy to watch, the story is more of a yarn than a washing machine--instead of everything going around and around, it seems as though things just get worse as the plot thickens. wonderful ending, very positive. i never read the elmore leonard book, but it can't be much different from the film because it feels like i'm watching an elmore leonard movie.

this slick and gritty film consistently delivers. it's one of frankenheimer's best and most underrated films and it's easily the best elmore leonard adaptation to date (and if you are scratching your head thinking "but i loved get shorty" you need to be punched in the face). in my opinion, no one captures the "feel" for leonard's characters better then john glover in 52 pick-up. the relocation of the story from detroit (novel) to hollywood (film) elevates the story's sleaze factor to amazing heights. be a man, have a few beers and watch this movie. for reference purposes my favorite leonard books are: swag, rum punch, cat chaser, city primeval, and 52 pick-up. my favorite frankenheimer films include seconds and the manchurian candidate. i also have a real special place in my cold, movie heart for dead bang and black sunday.

i've always liked this john frankenheimer film. good script by elmore leonard and the main reason this wasn't just another thriller is because of frankenheimer. his taut direction and attention to little details make all the difference, he even hired porn star ron jeremy as a consultant! you can make a case that its the last good film roy scheider made. i've always said that robert trebor gave just a terrific performance. clarence williams iii got all the publicity with his scary performance and he's excellent also but i really thought trebor stood out. frankenheimer may not be as proud of this film as others but it is an effective thriller full of blackmail, murder, sex, drugs, and real porno actors appear in sleazy parts. what can you say about a film that has ann margaret being shot up with drugs and raped? a guilty pleasure to say the least. vanity has a real sleazy role and a very young kelly preston makes an early appearance. a classic exploitive thriller that shouldn't be forgotten.

based on elmore leonard, this is a violent and intelligent action film. the story: a business man is blackmailed by some 3 criminals. roy schieder does great job as the leading character and special credit's got to go to john glover who plays sort of a naughty psychopath. i must mention that the villains characters are very complex and interesting - something that is very rare for an action film. also features some beautiful and sexy women - most notable are kelly preston as the young bate for schieder's character. vanity gives a very good performance and appearance as the hooker who is connected with the three blackmailers. i'm glad to say that ann-margaret still hasn't lost it - this lady is a true babe. don't look at the rate of this film. i really don't know what the public and some critics have against this film but my suggestion is to ignore them and watch this truly gripping and under-rated film. you will enjoy it, that's a promise. recommended a+.

spoilers!from the very moment i saw a local film critic trash this movie in a review on the 10:00 news, i wanted to see it. i don't remember who it was, or which local omaha newscast carried the review, but the critic was very insistent that this film was way too sleazy for the average church-going nebraskan. they showed a snippet from the scene where john glover is about to kidnap ann-margret when she's swimming in the pool. glover's character is commending her on how nice her body is and so forth, using many words that the local station felt necessary to edit out. i was hooked. there was one problem, though. i was only 13 years old at the time, and i had to wait a year until it came out on cable. let's just say, it was worth the wait!if ever there was a guilty pleasure of mine, this movie is it. to call this film sleazy would be a huge understatement. the film centers around a successful businessman who is blackmailed by three small time scumbags after an affair with a young woman. roy scheider, who is as effective as ever, plays the poor guy who just wanted a little fling and now finds himself at the mercy of three terrific villains. john glover's character is one of the most memorable scumbags of all time. he's sleazy, funny at times, and always on the brink of doing something crazy. then there's robert trebor's (nice name, by the way!) character leo who is clearly in over his head with this blackmail scheme. he is a whimpering, sweating, coward who runs a peep show place with live nude models. then, you have clarence williams iii as bobby shy, a brooding sociopath who everyone is afraid of with good reason. who could forget the wake-up call he gives vanity with the giant teddy bear?after dealing with the initial shock of realizing what he's up against, scheider turns the tables on these creeps and takes control of the situation, that is until glover goes after his wife! the conflict is played out brutally, with virtually the entire cast getting shot, raped, or blown up. i don't know why i love this movie so much. it really should creep me out, but it doesn't. maybe it's because these characters are all interesting, and the story takes plenty of chances that most films today would never try. it's scary to think that the adult film industry probably has more than a few characters like glover's running around out in l.a. looking for trouble. just thinking about his voice is enough to make me chuckle. "hey sport, have a nice day!"this film has plenty of shootouts, cool cars, great dialog (like the line in my opening statement), and decent acting. plenty of cameos by real life porno stars. look for ron jeremy frolicking around in a hot tub with two chicks in a party scene at glover's place. another thing i must add: how hot are the women in this film??? wow! travolta did right by marrying kelly preston. yum! we also see vanity get nude in a time before she became a born again christian. and ann-margret. what else could you say about her except that she is the quintessential american beauty. 9 of 10 stars.so sayeth the hound.added feb 14, 2008: rip roy scheider!

brendan filone is the absolute best character in the sopranos. he died by getting shot in the eye. this was the best and well orchestrated scene ever in the sopranos. brendan filone is too good. brendan filone shall haunt uncle junior in his dreams until uncle junior can't take it anymore. brendan filone is the best character. brendan filone was killed in episode # 3, denial, anger, acceptance. but his legacy will live on forever. brendan filone is the best character on sopranos! brendan filone is the best character ever. i recommend this show to anyone who likes drama and wants to see good death scenes and great directing and producing, because it doesn't get any better than this series. brendan filone is the best.

chase has created a true phenomenon with the sopranos. unfaltering performances, rock-solid writing, and some great music make up what has become quite possibly the best show ever.all of the cast are strong, but falco and gandolfini earned every inch of those emmy's. anyone who doubts this need only sample a few episodes; particularly from the first few seasons. james gandolfini is absolutely fierce, absolutely terrifying, and you still find yourself loving him - mesmerized by him.many people that i've spoken to about the sopranos (who haven't seen it yet) will say "i'm just not a fan of mafia movies/shows". whatever. run - don't walk - and get it. those same people usually love "e.r.", but i bet they don't much care for hospitals... it's not about the context.

this is my favorite show. i think it is utterly brilliant. thanks to david chase for bringing this into my life.season 11. the sopranos: 5/52. 46 long: 4.5/53. denial, anger, acceptance: 5/54. meadowlands: 4/55. college:6. pax soprana: 5/57. down neck: 4.5/58. the legend of tennessee moltisanti: 5/59. boca: 4.5/510. a hit is a hit: 3.5/511. nobody knows anything: 5/512. isabella: 5/513. i dream of jeannie cusamano: 5/5

the sopranos was probably the last best show to air in the 90's. its sad that its over, its was the best show on hbo if not on tv, not everything was spelled out for you throughout you had to think, it was brilliant. the cast was excellent. tony (james gandolphini) is a great actor and played his character excellent, as well as the others. each character had flaws thats what made them so real and allowed the viewers to connect with them and thats one reason it lasted so long. the last episode was good, i'm not sure how to take it many different things can be construed by the ending id like to think that tony didn't die but meadow walked in and sat down with them and that the blackout was just for suspense. tony will have to go to trial and deal with that hopefully is not dead thats how i feel... long live the sopranos and tony soprano.......

now i have read some negative reviews for this show on this website and quite frankly i'm appalled. for anyone to even think that the sopranos is not television then i'm afraid i don't know what the world has come to. let me tell u something. i started watching many t.v shows like lost, prison break, dexter, deadwood and even invasion. but all of those shows lost their touch after the first season, especially lost and prison break which i refuse to watch because the companies took 2 genius ideas and butchered them by making more than one season. then we have the sopranos. i can honestly say that this is the only television series that i have ever watched where i have been enthralled in all of its season, and more importantly all of its episodes. there is no department that this show doesn't excel in. acting- nothing short of superb. james gandolfini is one of my favourite actors and i feel that his acting is absolutely stunning in every episode, after i heard that hbo wanted ray liotta to play tony i felt that it would've been the better choice, however after watching the first few episodes, i knew that hbo had done a great job in casting james as tony. the raw emotion he displays is superb. then we have everyone else, edie falco, michael imperioli, lorraine bracco, dominic chianese (whom i remembered as johnny ola in the godfather part 2) and my personal two favourite characters tony sirico and steve van zandt paulie 'walnuts' gualtieri and silvio dante. all of these actors perform to the best quality, and all giving an excellent performance in each episode. then we have the story, never have i been so sucked into a t.v show before. the story is nothing short of excellent. each episode is directed superbly and the score of this show is just fantastic. i feel that the sopranos is one show that i can watch again and again and never get bored of. its got everything from hilarious humour to brutal violence, but nonetheless it is and will always be the best thing to ever grace the television, and i challenge anyone to find a real flaw in the show. not just say its too violent, or they feel that the character of tony is immoral, i mean it is a mafia show at the end of the day, i don't think that the characters are going to be very honest or loyal to god. i implore everyone to watch this show because believe me, you'll be hooked from the very first episode, i was and i have even gotten a few friends who had firstly refused to watch the show, hooked on it. trust me when i say that this show is a godsend compared to the crap that comes on t.v. after you've watched the first season, you'll inevitably agree with me when i once again say that this show dominates television, and no t.v show current or future will ever upstage the marvel that is the sopranos.

"the godfather" of television, but aside from it's acclaim and mobster characters, the two are nothing alike. tony soprano is forced to go to a psychiatrist after a series of panic attacks. his psychiatrist learns that tony is actually part of two families -- in one family he is a loving father yet not-so-perfect-husband, and in the other family he is a ruthless wiseguy. after analysis, dr. melfi concludes that tony's problems actually derive from his mother livia, who's suspected to have borderline-personality disorder. gandolfini is rightfully praised as the main character; yet bracco and marchand aren't nearly as recognized for their equally and talented performances as the psychiatrist and mother, respectively. falco, imperioli and dematteo are acclaimed for their brilliant supporting roles. van zandt (from the e-street band) plays his first and only role as tony's best friend, and is quite convincing and latching. chianese, the only recurring actor to have actually appeared in a godfather film, plays tony's uncle and on-and-off nemesis. many fans also enjoyed characters played by pastore, ventimiglia, curatola, proval, pantoliano, lip, sciorra and buscemi. tony's children are "okay" but not notable (with the exception of iler's stunning performance in the third-to-last episode, "the second coming"); sirico and schirripa are unconvincing and over-the-top, but the show is too strong for them to hold it back. even as the show continues for over six season, it ceases to have a dull or predictable moment.**** (out of four)

as the godfather saga was the view of the mafia from the executive suite, this series is a complex tale of the mafia from the working man's point of view. if you've never watched this show, you're in for an extended treat. yes, there is violence and nudity, but it is never gratuitous and is needed to contrast tony soprano, the thinking man's gangster, with the reality of the life he has been born to and, quite frankly, would not ever have left even knowing how so many of his associates have ended up. tony soprano can discuss sun tzu with his therapist, then beat a man to death with a frying pan in a fit of rage, and while dismembering and disposing of the body with his nephew, take a break, sit down and watch tv while eating peanut butter out of the jar, and give that nephew advice on his upcoming marriage like they had just finished a sunday afternoon of viewing nfl football. even carmella, his wife, when given a chance for a way out, finds that she really prefers life with tony and the perks that go with it and looking the other way at his indiscretions versus life on her own. if you followed the whole thing, you know how it ends. if you didn't, trust me you've never seen a tv show end like this.

though "the sopranos" is yet another gift from the megahit "the godfather" and sequels, which dramatized and to a certain extent glamorized the mafia, "the sopranos" takes another tack. no suited up, classy mobsters here with homes in lake tahoe and stakes in vegas casinos - these guys are goombahs, with a front of waste management, who deal with things that fall off the back of trucks, topless bars, protection money - in short, what the neighborhood mobs were all about.colorful characters dominate this series, which doesn't hold back on the sex and graphic violence. tony soprano (james gandolfini) is a mob head with a wife and two children, living in new jersey, who suffers from panic attacks as he tries to balance his biological family with his mafia one. to get to the bottom of his attacks, he sees a psychiatrist, jennifer melfi (lorraine bracco), who is afraid of him and yet attracted to him at the same time. tony's henchman - paulie, his nephew christopher, his uncle junior (the titular head of the mob), his good friend pussy - are all fully fleshed-out characters.as we learn going through the series, there are enemies not only from without, but from within, and one of those enemies includes tony's sickly but horrible mother (nancy marchand), who convinces junior that tony is a danger to him. tony's sister janice, meanwhile, is searching for money in her mother's house with a stethoscope and a geiger counter. tony has mistress problems, and a wife (edie falco) who puts up with a lot because she loves him, all the while keeping ties to her catholic religion. "the church frowns on divorce," she tells one woman contemplating a split. "let the pope live with him," is the response. as far as tony's mistress problems, his psychiatrist points out that tony is attracted to demanding women for whom nothing is ever enough, and asks him if it sounds familiar. yeah, it sounds like his mother.i'm of italian descent, and yes, i'm sick of italians being shown in a negative light and everyone assuming all italians are mobsters. yet you can't help liking this show, which is a constant reminder of our culture. (thanksgiving, it's pointed out, isn't turkey and sweet potato pie - it's the antipasto, the manicotti, the meatballs and escarole, and then the bird!) not to mention, the right-on pronunciation of words like melenzana (mullinyan), escarole (scarole), manicotti (manigot) etc. the only un-italian thing about tony is that he doesn't have a finished basement, something unheard of in the rest of my family (except my parents never had one either).the standouts in this show are gandolfini, as a ruthless gangster on antidepressants, falco, who is brilliant as his wife, and bracco as the tortured jennifer. but everyone is excellent. if you can take the violence and the language, this is a great show, an unrelenting portrait of new jersey mob life.

the sopranos is probably the most widely acclaimed tv series ever, so naturally my expectations were through the roof, and yet the show surpassed them. i love the mafia and crime genre in film and i enjoy following the compelling stories set in these worlds, but this is so much more. 86+ hours of material gives the story a chance to not only be one of the most thrilling and unpredictable mafia/action stories, but also to be a great family drama, a shocking character study, a laugh-out-loud comedy, a brilliant psychological examination dealing with the nature of good and evil, and an intellectual arty collaboration of representative dreams and hallucinations all in one. david chase's epic series manages to accomplish all of this and more, and cements hbo as the closest tv can get to cinematic perfection, paving the road for a number of other series to continue blowing audiences away.realism is present when it is needed, but chase's decisions to depart from it for effect on occasion for "dream episodes" and the like only adds more layers to the series. chase--along with a strong writing staff including matthew weiner and terrence winter, future creators of mad men and boardwalk empire respectively--turns new jersey into an intricate universe full of the greatest cast of characters i've seen on tv.james gandolfini domineers the show as tony, one of the most groundbreaking characters on tv ever. tony adheres to half of the mobster stereotypes from pop culture, but he defies the other half entirely, and through his family interactions and his therapy sessions with dr. melfi (lorraine bracco, with whom he has a considerable chemistry that ensures that the therapy scenes always have a completely different feel to the rest of the show), we see nearly every side to tony soprano and learn that he is more of an everyman than one would expect.edie falco matches the power of gandolfini's performance as tony's wife carmela. from her mixed feelings about tony's lifestyle, to her suspicions about murders, to her torment over tony's cheating, to her own thoughts about infidelity, carmela runs the gamut of emotions throughout 6 seasons and falco makes her the prime vehicle for the non- mafia viewers to have eyes into such a corrupt world. scenes between tony and carmela provide some of the most heartwrenching and painfully realistic drama ever seen on television.the supporting cast is almost as phenomenal, and a wide array of characters populate the cast over all six seasons, somehow without any redundancies. nancy marchand steals the show as tony's overbearing mother livia, an insight into tony's personality problems and panic attacks. the familiarity of marchand's incessant complaints is almost gruesome since she takes the character so believably far. michael imperioli is christopher, tony's protégé, whose various poor choices lead him down a road that is painful to watch but brilliantly executed. drea de matteo plays christopher's girlfriend adriana, and is so well- meaning and loving that the dark arc her character takes as she gets too involved with christopher's career. tony sirico is paulie, introduced as the ultimate mafia stereotype and a source of comic, but eventually he becomes one of the most sympathetic and complex characters on the show, and nobody plays true anger better than he. and that's just the tip of the iceberg.familiar faces such as peter bogdanovich, jon favreau, ben kingsley, lauren bacall, will arnett, nancy sinatra, david strathairn, robert patrick, hal holbrook, burt young, and eric mangini make appearances over the course of the show, while names as notable as joe pantoliano, steve buscemi, and steven van zandt have regular roles as main characters in the series. there are 50+ great characters with powerful arcs, and the excitement and tension never let up in any of the various subplots throughout the show.comedic elements and entire episodes filled with brilliant hilarity dilute the powerhouse dramatic intensity of the series, which is so multipurpose that for one reason or enough, the credits of nearly any episode left me somewhat bewildered. the sopranos is the most powerful and addicting series i have seen overall, and its highs are so mindblowing that i would have to call it my favourite show in spite of arguable lows (most of which i disagree with).whether you love or hate the ending, or what you make of it is irrelevant: the discussion it has created is an achievement in itself. the iconic nature of the entire series makes it an essential part of television history. there are multiple elements for anyone to love and marvel at in this show, so if you're thinking of watching something else instead, do yourself a favour and fuhgeddaboutit.

the sopranos (now preparing to end) is the very peak of adult television and drama. when the sopranos hits the mark, it really hits the mark. using great writing and great actors (most of them being extras from goodfellas) the series is aloud to progress in a satisfyingly unpredictable and exceptional way. heading up the cast is james gandolfini, who for all intensive purposes is tony soprano, and edie falco, who certainly holds her own. the series also boasts a great collection of regulars to push the plot along by any means necessary (usually violence and foul language). tony sirico, michael imperioli and steve van zandt are great secondary characters that make every episode more interesting. seasonal extras are also worth note including names like steve buscemi (great!), joe pantoliano (great!), david proval (good), robert patrick, robert loggia and frank vincent.the sopranos is a great family drama and a realistic interpretation of modern day mafia societies that despite the rare bad story lines manages to be unique tv. symbolism and simple story lines, dreams and shoot-outs and many other things create intertwining stories and relationships that at the end of each season are resolved to create yet another perfect hbo package. watch it...

well... easily my favourite tv series ever. call me a walking mail cliché but include violence, mafia, sex, gambling, drugs etc. on a show and you're already winning points on in my book. combine all that with acting that superceeds anything you've ever seen on the small screen, add directing that fits cinema of the vintage type and most of all writing that blows the mind (and a few brains a long the way) and you got yourself a show thats gonna be pretty tough to compete with.above all stand two actors, james gandolfini as tony soprano, and edie falco as his wife carmela... as for gandolfini, he fits his roll in a way that words cannot express, if you haven't seen him as tony yet see it now!i can go on and on and on about every character in the show, the psychological brilliance, the gripping scenes etc. but you wouldn't be able to stop me so all i can say is that this is about the only show along with seinfeld, that i am able to watch over and over again from start to finish and end up enjoying it even more.

the sopranos stands out as an airtight, dynamic exploration of american life, and how the american experience is shaped and defined by money. by setting the story in the milieu of the underworld, david chase eliminates all barriers to a grunt, low to the ground and outright mean deconstruction of the post-modern era. every character represents a facet of american industry. tony soprano exemplifies the beleaguered working stiff, torn between familial duty and a need to keep his "business" on an even keel. the convergence of these two things is the imperative that keeps the story moving forward. the characters of christopher, paulie, and bobby reflect the loyal - but self-serving underlings present in every enterprise, who are trusted out of necessity rather than merit. with the character of ralph, joe pantoliano essays a brilliant interpretation of the charismatic psychopath, a twisted businessman who's flourishes of violence are tragically outweighed by his stunning earning power. and dominic chianese is the ultimate symbol of the antiquated old-guard, which maintains power through established relationships and the need of the up- and-comers to deflect blame.though abrasive and occasionally disturbing, the sopranos has earned its place as the ultimate tv drama. ps a good companion piece to chase's series would be the shield, another violent drama that manages to make the ugliest of characters interesting.

i can't add an awful lot to the positive reviews already on here - great acting, balanced writing, multi-faceted characters, a great anti-hero in tony, great commentary on millennial american life. the integral use of psychiatry coupled with tony's mother issues are especially fresh and humorous. several other characters add a lot of depth - hesh's interesting history as an outsider muscling in, ralphie's total irredeemable viciousness, chris' dual desires in life, and so on.i have to dig into some of the criticisms however, especially the 'it glorifies violence/belittles italian-americans' one.most of the writers and actors are italian-american, would they attack themselves? there are several positive italian-american characters - artie bucco the chef, dr. melfi and her family and the cusamanos next door to the sopranos. indeed, dr melfi's ex-husband notes in season 1 that only a tiny minority of italian-americans have ever had mob connections (certainly smaller than the proportion of african-americans involved in crime, dare i say it. in both cases poverty and lack of opportunity are the biggest causes).most of the characters don't really choose the life they have; family background or circumstances largely corner them into it. outsiders (even of italian stock) who attempt to integrate into it usually meet distressing ends - matthew and his friend in season 2, for example. if you criticise this show, i assume frasier made you want to be a psychiatrist, or will & grace made you want to go homosexual? presumably you won't listen to rap music that discusses gangs, or r'n'b which discusses promiscuity, or rock music which discusses drugs (or any other combination)? people aren't as stupid as some of you make out....not everything is perfect however. a lot of characters have only appeared once, when by all logic they should have been seen or at least mentioned in previous episodes - tracee the dancer, meadow's friend ally, uncle junior's ladyfriend (supposedly for 20 years until they split in season 1).

the sopranos is perhaps the most mind-opening series you could possibly ever want to watch. it's smart, it's quirky, it's funny - and it carries the mafia genre so well that most people can't resist watching. the best aspect of this show is the overwhelming realism of the characters, set in the subterranean world of the new york crime families. for most of the time, you really don't know whether the wise guys will stab someone in the back, or buy them lunch. further adding to the realistic approach of the characters in this show is the depth of their personalities - these are dangerous men, most of them murderers, but by god if you don't love them too. i've laughed at their wisecracks, been torn when they've made err in judgement, and felt scared at the sheer ruthlessness of a serious criminal. the suburban setting of new jersey is absolutely perfect for this show's subtext - people aren't always as they seem, and the stark contrast between humdrum and the actions taken by these seemingly petty criminals weigh up to even the odds. if you haven't already, you most definitely should.

take a pinch of goodfellas, mix it with the godfather, add some roman mythology and plenty of lowbrow comedy, and you have the sopranos, about a mob clan operating out of northern new jersey. it's almost as entertaining as pro wrestling. i am not the biggest fan of this show, but i do admire james gandolfini's very complicated tony soprano, a psychopath with an occasional glimmer of conscience. i also have come to admire te contributions of folks like gravel-voiced dom chianese as the bewildered but murderous uncle junior, silver-haired tony sirico as the perpetually perplexed paulie and the very beautiful edie falco as the duplicitous, tough-as-nails carmela soprano. the violence is sudden and graphic, the body count steadily climbs each season, but it is often the small moments that matter most here. watch paulie and tony's nephew christopher (michael imperioli late of law & order) as they get lost in the pine barrens and sit out a bitter cold night in an abandoned trruck, both convinced they've had it.

i've only watched the first series on dvd, but would summarise the sopranos as a shakespearean plot with a tarantino-like script. the series is as good as goodfellas and casino, and almost as good as the godfather (hence not a "10"), and far better than any of guy ritchie's efforts. although there's plenty of action, some of it pretty bloody, the story is character driven. even some of the minor characters contribute to great story lines; e.g. the priest's relationship (or lack of) with carmilla and the restaurateur's wife, and christopher and his dimwit friend (who didn't last very long (a darwin award nominee?))apart from the plot, the script and the acting, the other reasons i liked it;1. it made me want to visit new jersey and eat pasta with a tomatoey sauce. 2. the music. 3. it shows that literally anyone can suffer from mental health problems.

it probably isn't fair that i have got to see the majority of all the interesting reviews on the sopranos and then get to add what people have forgotten, but oh well.......from a standpoint of acting, how could any actor fail with these characters? each one mesmerizing and intense in their pursuits of life. tony soprano-while a mob "capo" and suffering from mental illness, still sees his life in front of him and knows what has to be done to survive. each of his men, you see their lives virtually from the inside like the truest form of voyerism. it definitely brings out a sort "nosey" side in each and every viewer, and i include myself in this!while some above don't care for bracco, i have to say this is the freshest role she has had in years since good fellas. she is the side of tony that makes him listen to reason, that makes him decent, that offers him respite when dealing with his human emotions that he has failed to feel for so long, if ever. she is simply put, his savior. (not speaking in religious tones)but the knockout performance here is without doubt, edie falco. to see her prison guard role in the other acclaimed hbo series, "oz" and then see her as livia is the ultimate compliment for any actor or actress. she has transcended the boundries of a recognizable actress, something only actresses like merle streep can get away with. a sort of chameleon quality to transcend roles. but as i have mentioned before, with a characters a strong as these, how can any actor fail?livia's strength is in her daily affirmation of faith in herself. she is a survivor, as she hopes her husband and family will be survivors. she is prepared for the worst because she knows the hazards of her husband's business, yet knows the lifestyle she has is more then most women from jersey. she is wise if not wiser and more street savvy then tony himself.all in all, the biggest crime from the soprano family is that we the viewer have to wait until january 2000 to see the next season. this in my opinion is the worst thing about the hbo series. it was what brought the larry sanders show, sex and the city, dream on, and others back down to earth in popularity and eventually killed them. too much space in between seasons and very sporadic. until then, i will watch the reruns with the hope that this gap in programming is filled.

i believe that the sopranos is an awesome show because of all the supporting characters in it. i have bought every video so far and am waiting for the rest to be released. in all 42 episodes so far, the best one is definitely episode #3, denial, anger, acceptance. this episode deals with my most favorite character of all time in the sopranos. his name was brendan filone. he was killed for hijacking the wrong truck and accidentally killing a truck driver. brendan was awesome because he was actually one of the few characters who actually stood against tony and his gang. in the end, he ended up getting shot through the eye while taking a bath, and that's my most favorite scene ever in the history of the sopranos. brendan filone is # 1 for me. and my # 2 most favorite character ever was matthew bevilaqua, who was killed after attempting to murder christopher moltisanti. tony and pussy shoot him in hucklebarney park after they catch and torture him. my # 3 most favorite character is sean gismonte, who was killed right after shooting christopher. and finally, my # 4 most favorite character is chucky signore, one of uncle junior's henchmen. he was killed on a boat by tony. all the awesome characters are dead. that's the only bad thing about the sopranos. all the cool guys always get killed. you know what would be great to change about the sopranos? they should have a whole episode where they show all the dead supporting characters in hell and they are all trying to torture chris, tony, uncle junior, silvio, and paulie, because they need to get their revenge. brendan filone shall strike back!!!!!!!!!1

"the godfather", "citizen kane", "star wars", "goodfellas" none of the above compare to the complex brilliance of "the sopranos". each and every character has layers upon layers of absolute verity, completely and utterly three dimensional. we care about tony soprano wholeheartedly, despite the fact that in the simplest model of good vs. evil, he is evil. soprano is the most provocative, intricate, and fascinating protagonist ever created to this point in history. if you're in the mood to be overtly challenged as a viewer, and to be forever altered on your feelings toward entertainment, watch "the sopranos". i defy anybody to sit down and watch the very first episode of season 1, and not want to continue with the series. each season is completely brilliant in its own way. dvds are essential to anybody's collection **** of out 4

not only do the storylines in "the sopranos" engage audiences from all over, but i think (for me at least) what brings the viewers back is the acting. (not even you, gary, can dispute that claim) james gandolfini, who plays the lead-man, tony soprano, has become (in this viewer's opinion) one of the "hollywood elites" as far as acting in a television series goes. i wouldn't go ahead and compare him with robert deniro or al pacino, or at least, not just yet. he, however, does do a hell of a job playing the part of tony soprano. in the years since 1999, gandolfini has risen so much so as an actor (mainly thanks to his role in the sopranos) that today he is considered to be among the best in the business. and it's not just him. "the sopranos" fields a great supporting cast including that of lorraine bracco, edie falco, michael imperioli, dominic chianese, and the late nancy marchand who played tony's dreadful mother. at this point in the show's existence, it's being considered a cult-classic and rightfully so. the first two seasons were extraordinary. violent and quite gruesome in a pretty frequent manner, but without a doubt, extraordinarily done. the third season was great, but didn't quite live up to the hype of seasons 1 and 2. season 4, which wrapped up right before new-years, was the weakest season yet (or at least, in my opinion it was). despite a dry-spell, i still found it (season 4 of "the sopranos") to be more entertaining than most of its competition and that's saying a lot because lately i've been noticing a trend in good new television shows. examples of this: six feet under, the shield, curb your enthusiasm, and oz (which is not technically a new show but ended with an unforgettable final season this year). to get back to my point though, to consider a show better than all the competition during a particularly bad year, no less, is quite an accomplishment on the part of the writers. "the sopranos" ranks above and beyond all other television shows in its era and its writers deserve a lot of credit. to close, i'd like to say, "the sopranos" is the real deal folks. for the average mature viewer (17 and above) who enjoys drama and doesn't mind a mixing of a little violence and profanity, you might want to check out "the sopranos" if you get the chance. trust me in that it will be well worth the time.

the "gangster" genre is now a worn subject one that is too often subjected to parody. in retrospect the series is a culmination of previous clichés that have been utilized in it's genre, thankfully the writers have advanced upon this flaw by creating a realism which has been applied to it. the sopranos is an epic crime saga that illustrates it's content with psychological depth that is characterized with subtle nuance, humor and unvarnished violence. the key protagonist tony soprano is perceived as a perilous general bereft of fear and moral values by his crew ,however, tony is of two persona's one which is bestial while the other is conflicted with guilt and resent. with out any inhibitions or contradictions i still adamantly believe that the sopranos has the finest ensemble cast of recent memory. all things considered i could make an elaborate statement on the series, but i won't. if ever there is a visual dictionary in global consumerism search for these definitions vital, ambiguous, unrelenting, epic, uncompromising and the sopranos shattered visage will be smiling right back at you.

there are so many reasons as to why i rate the sopranos so highly, one of its biggest triumphs being the cast and character building. each character unfolds more and more each series. also each series has an array of different 'small time characters' as well as the main. a good example of a character (who was only in three episodes) who you can feel for is david the compulsive gambler played brilliantly by robert patrick. every little detail builds the perfect tv series. the show revolves round mob boss tony soprano (james gandolfini) who attempts to balance his life of crime with his role as father of two. the show is not afraid to be bold and powerful with its dialogue and imagery and this is what makes it so believable. whilst tony runs things with capos paulie (tony sirico) and silvio (steve van zant) his nephew christopher (michael imperioli) looks for a promotion. every episode also features tony's other family in some way which includes his children and wife carmela soprano (edie falco). on top of these problems is his uncle junior soprano (dominic chianese) is trying to get what he can out of tony's businesses despite being under house arrest. all the acting is powerful and characters complex, but the two who stand out the most are; james gandolfini who 'is' tony soprano. also michael imperioli who plays christopher, representing the younger (20-30) generation in crime. if david chase had not created this masterpiece modern tv dramas of such caliber may not have existed, such as the wire and dexter. so the sopranos is definitely the godfather, goodfellas and pulp fiction of tv

wow. i loved the whole series, and am shocked at comments by people who thought it ended badly. perhaps it waffled a bit in seasons 4 & 5, while remaining better than anything else on television. but 6 and particularly 6b were beautiful permutations on the themes developed in the more muscular first three seasons. 6b started with such a sombre mood and janice's always keen insight into the family angst - that doom-filled line about knowing tony's penchant for sitting and staring. anyone who missed the implications of that for the rest of the series does not know tony. melfi's discomfort over the psychiatric study and its references to the sociopath's self-deluding sentimentality for pets and animals goes back to the first episodes of the series, say, with tony's panic attack over the ducks leaving his pool and resonates with phil's "wave bye-bye" line to his grandchildren before the coup de grace of the final episode (not to get into chase's dark humour).i could go on and on, but i'll just add that i thought the final show - starting with the opening strains of vanilla fudge to supply the ironic foreshadow ("you keep me hangin' on") to the terminal moments where tony fades back into complacency with his family in tow or blasts apart like aj's suv or phil's head were, utterly, utterly perfect. the best tv ever. pretty good in a dying medium pathologically supplying the "jack-off fantasies" aj derides (and then into which he promptly subsides). a tip of the pork pie to mr. chase.

as a guy who has seen all the seasons, i can say that jg constantly surprises me. i mean, after you saw him shifting from laughter to paranoia instantly throughout the seasons and after every little gesture of his made u believe he is a gangster, u thought to yourself: ok he is a good actor and he can get into a gangster's skin. but after seeing him opening his eyes and struggling for his life, i mean i could almost feel the pain he "made" us believe he was going through. i was so touched by his performance that i immediately thought at robert de niro, marlon brando and al pacino. these guys were definitely the best of their generations and even more. but nowadays they are either old or dead (brando) and it's ok that they make less movies and their performances are "lighter" than they used to be. i can't wait to see gandolfini in other movies where he delivers a totally different role. can u recommend me some of his older movies where he gives a memorable performance?

when we started watching this series on cable, i had no idea how addictive it would be. even when you hate a character, you hold back because they are so beautifully developed, you can almost understand why they react to frustration, fear, greed or temptation the way they do. it's almost as if the viewer is experiencing one of christopher's learning curves.i can't understand why adriana would put up with christopher's abuse of her, verbally, physically and emotionally, but i just have to read the newspaper to see how many women can and do tolerate such behavior. carmella has a dream house, endless supply of expensive things, but i'm sure she would give it up for a loving and faithful husband - or maybe not. that's why i watch.it doesn't matter how many times you watch an episode, you can find something you missed the first five times. we even watch episodes out of sequence (watch season 1 on late night with commercials but all the language, a&e with language censored, reruns on the movie network) - whenever they're on, we're there. we've been totally spoiled now.i also love the malaprop's. "an albacore around my neck" is my favorite of johnny boy. when these jewels have entered our family vocabulary, it is a sign that i should get a life. i will when the series ends, and i have collected all the dvd's, and put the collection in my will.

greetings from this portuguese guy :)i believe the sopranos are one of the best production ever, it has reality and fiction mixed in such a way, that it's hard to see the difference. it has the same quality as godfather! james gandolfini fits at the paper as a glove! i would love the sopranos would never finish at all. it's perfect! it should be a subject in school :) i saw sopranos when i was a kid, but i was too young to stay waked until the episode ends, so now i bought the all episodes in dvd format and i am watching all episodes at home before and after dinner and i am getting addicted, like i did with prison break. in my opinion prison break and the sopranos are the best-ever series made for television. the argument of both are splendid and the actors are perfect. congratulations for such a work.sorry about my english. thanks for reading.

the sopranos (1999-2007)number 1 - television show of all time everyone thought this would be a stupid thing that wouldn't go past a pilot episode. the sopranos has become a cultural phenomenon and universally agreed as one of the greatest television shows of all time. james gandolfini plays the enigmatic new jersey crime boss, tony soprano, accompanied by a stellar cast. edie falco is superb as the worrying, loving upper-middle class mother; tony sirico is tremendous as a superstitious, greying consiglieri who is often very funny. while the show has often been criticised for the negative stereotype of italian-americans as mafiosi, and to an extent this is undeniable, i can see so many positives from the show. the portrayal of strong family values, friendships, love and compassion; could this be present in a coarse television show about gangsters? yes. furthermore, other burning issues are discussed such as terrorism, social inequality and injustice, homosexuality, drugs etc. this is no shallow, dull show about tough guys and violence. it has so much more. many of the issues we see on the show are very real. the writing which has been pretty much great has infused so successfully current issues and managed to imbred them within the characters' lives, which makes the whole thing more interesting.credit must go to david chase who has created an excellent television treasure and to james gandolfini, for envisioning, television's most complex and enigmatic character. simply exceptional.10/10

what can you possibly say about a show of this magnitude? "the sopranos" has literally redefined television as we know it. it has broken all rules, and set new standards for television excellence. everything is flawless, the writing, directing, and for me, most of all, the acting. watching this show you'll find yourself realizing that these characters are not real. the acting tricks you into thinking there is a real tony soprano, or any character. this show is also very versatile. some people don't watch the show because it's violent, it's not all about the violence, it's about business, family, and many deeper things that all depend on what you, as a fan see. for me, i don't like when people refer to the show, a show about the mafia. for me, it's a show about family. a family who, through generations, happen to be apart of the mob. overall this is a masterpiece of a show. this is what television should be. right here. complex characters from stunning acting, magnificent story lines from brilliant writing, and what do you get when you mix these ingredients together? a show that defines excellence, and dares to be different.

the sopranos is arguably the greatest show in dramatic television history.its hard to think of another series that boasts so much intelligence, sublime writing or first rate performances.across its epic scope it produces fresh and iconic characters and a constant level of high quality. centering around the life of one tony soprano, a man who lives in two families. one is the conventional wife and two kids nuclear family the other a huge new jersey mafia group, of which he is the boss of both. played by james gandolfini, of true romance and the mexican fame, tony is a fascinating, scary but also likable guy. full praise must be given to gandolfini for making a womanising and horrifically aggressive brute a genuinely identifiable and perfect leading man. contemporay american drama has never had such an arresting and iconic figure as tony.the cast of hundreds never boasts a flat performance and such stand out characters like paulie walnuts and ralph cifaretto will stick in your memory for ever.the true genius of this tale however, is the creator and writers bravery and revolutionary take on a conventional drama series. twenty minute long dream sequences, powerful and original use of symbolism and metaphorical imagery and truly shocking scenes of violence. yet all this style is met by truly touching themes of love, honour and respect for family. the series never becomes cold hearted or gratuitous.with tv now competitive and often poor the sopranos stands tall above the rest as america's most original and compelling drama. forget family redifined. this is television redifined.

this picture came out in 1975 and it was the second in the three part series of the life of sheriff buford pusser. bo svenson takes over the role of sheriff buford pusser, and luke askew plays the role of mobster pinky dobson. the last that we saw sheriff pusser he was laying in a hospital bed after him and his wife who was killed in ambushed sunday morning drive. after pusser recovers he goes after the men that killed his wife. is pusser able to complete the revenge that he's after or does the mob try to take him out before he successes. the only thing that bother me about this picture that this was an actual true story. how could you leave in a town with this kind of crime and yet don't do anything about it. since there was real no name actress in this picture i can't give it 10 weasel stars but i can give 8

this second film is just as interesting as the previous one except that there is no suspense. we know what he is going to do and what is going to happen before it is even hinted at on the screen. then the pleasure comes only from the way the various tricks happen and the succession of them. we know there will be dynamite in the car, that he will lose a wheel, that the car will have a crash, just to speak of the car. and that is what happens. now the details and the particulars are for you to discover them in the film. that he may be baited by some dumb woman is obvious and has to come but we know that he has already seen through her and that he knows he is being dragged into a trap. now, how is he going to get out of it? that's what you must discover by yourself. and don't worry he will get the main trafficker but how is another story. a speed boat is no match to our busy beaver on the river. we also know when he is going to be wounded. they did not know what bullet-proof jackets were in those days. it's true recently it was discovered that some gis did not have that kind of equipment in iraq. but what is the meaning of such a film? this insistence on hunting the traffickers and this blindness that does not see that it is the prohibition that creates the problem. but the film is a constant and perfect illustration that there is no value what so ever that can stand in the way of this moralistic crusade against the forces of evil. why not simply legalize these goods so that they can be properly observed and under surveillance? when something is not illegal or pushed out of the way it is all the less fun to use them, to do them. it is the forbidden or the restricted that is attractive.dr jacques coulardeau, university paris dauphine, university paris 1 pantheon sorbonne & university versailles saint quentin en yvelines

this was the first "walking tall" movie i saw, i think in a $2 movie theater along hollywood blvd. , so i didn't have any reference to the first installment done by joe don baker. i remember being shocked at the corrupted system of mcnairy county and the brutality of the "redneck gangs". i was also amazed at the fact that one man decided he's not going to let it slide, and went out to do something about it. courageous ? i thought so - to a point where it sent shivers up my spine.i think this movie is a great story about american courage to stand up and do something about a system that's only serving its own interest. i was pretty blown away about it, and think this is still one of the best movie of the hero/anti-hero genre, which one might laugh but includes recent movies like the "the punisher", but even more so because it's a true story. the recent remake starring the "rock" just doesn't do any justice to the real fire in the story of buford pusser.a "classic" that i'm sure will resurface again in the future.

i first watched the walking tall movies when i was about 8 years old and i thought both joe don baker and bo svenson did a great job, they must have anyway because since watching the movies, i have tried to learn as much about the real sheriff buford pusser as i can. all 3 parts of the movie gave me chills and buford pusser was a true hero, i only wish he were alive today and that there were more people like him. i would love to thank him for getting rid of all the crime and being so brave. i am very sorry that his family had to go through such horror and pain. my heart goes out to them. so from a 30 year old fan of sheriff pusser and of the 3-part walking tall movies and the actors that portrayed him, please do not be negative about these movies and actors, they were only trying to let us know what a wonderful man the real buford pusser was and what a great family he had. and to all the young people who may have not heard much about buford, i suggest you watch the walking tall movies and learn more about him.

this movie is a ripoff of james cain's novel, the postman always rings twice. apparently, the director and producer never bothered to pay for rights to this story--perhaps the fact that we were in the middle of fighting the italians in wwii might account for their forgetting to consider royalties! despite this, the movie isn't really just an italian version of the hollywood movie. in some ways it's a lot better and in other ways, it is definitely not.the three central characters in this movie are really pretty ugly people. in fact, the male and female lovers are a bit icky-looking. the male lead is pretty ordinary except for his profuse body hair (particularly on the back and shoulders) and his lady love is, to put it frankly, unattractive. they are a very, very far cry from lana turner and john garfield in the hollywood version. and the ill-fated husband is really, really obese and loves to walk around shirtless--and his counterpart in the american film, cecil kellaway is definitely better looking (and probably better looking than the other two italian leads, actually). and this unattractiveness is generally a reason i actually preferred the italian film--since i just could not imagine a finely coiffed "dish" like lana turner in the middle of nowhere married to kellaway--i am 100% sure she would have had dozens of better offers! whereas, the italian wife frankly might not have been able to do much better and this made the marriage actually believable.part of the italian film's believability comes from the blunt way it handles sex. the sanitized american film tries to make you believe that although turner and garfield kill kellaway, they never actually get around to sex! this is pretty silly and totally unrealistic. in addition to the casual sexuality of the film, it's also pretty casual in showing the seamy side of life--with lots of sweaty people, a fly strip hanging over the kitchen table and everyone appeared to need a bath.the movie is also pretty fast-paced compared to the over-long american film. and what you get due to brevity isn't all good. the film lacks a lot of the style and polish of the american film--with grainier footage, relatively poor orchestration and sets. it sure ain't a pretty film, but the neo-realistic-like style makes the film seem more realistic. but it cannot make up for the short-cuts in the plot. many of the plot elements in the later american version are either missing entirely or glossed over. and the ending seems a lot less interesting than the american film--and misses the entire human nature dilemma when turner and garfield turn on each other like rats (the best part of the american film).so which is the better film? well, a lot of this probably depends on you. as for me, the warner brothers film was simply too polished and too unrealistic (though many like this style and may dislike watching films with subtitles)--but it packed a great ending. and the italian film was much, much more realistic--until the crappy ending that seemed too rushed. so neither film is exactly great, but i'd give my nod to the italian one being a bit better. it's too bad they couldn't have combined the best elements of both films into one exceptional film.

the ruth snyder - judd gray murder in 1927 inspired ogden nash to write a broadway play called machinal. more famously, it inspired james m. cain to write two short novels which anyone who has actually reached the point where they are reading this review would be familiar with - double indemnity and the postman always rings twice. both became film noir classics of the 1940's, double indemnity being arguably the most perfect noir ever made. some of the real-life elements of the snyder-gray story were captured by cain - the old age and indifference of albert gray, ruth's high sex drive, ruth and judd's passionate affair and complicity in the murder and that famous double indemnity insurance clause. missing elements included the fact that the actual setting was a very urban manhattan - albert snyder being a respected newspaper editor. the numerous incompetent and failed attempts were also ignored in order to cut to the chase.cain's double indemnity was filmed perfectly by billy wilder - let's ignore stanwyck's ridiculous wig as one of those interesting accidents of film lore! the postman always rings twice, however, was filmed thrice and ossessione, an italian version and luchino visconti's first film, was the first of three versions. before commenting on it, i'll recommend the lana turner - john garfield version of 1946 in its entirety and five minutes of the 1981 jack nicholson - jessica lange version for the great sex scene on the dining table.ossessione is not as noirish as the postman always rings twice. it has a strong neo-realist look which makes it a great movie, but a lot of the essential noir elements are missing. it does not have low-key lighting and unconventional camera angles. the dialog is not hard-boiled and instead the film concentrates more on characterization. this is the longest version of the story and goes deeply into characterization. its also a lot more sexual than the lana turner version. we have a very obvious adulterous relationship and giovanna is very obviously a nymphomaniac. a new character is introduced into the story - la spagnola - with very obvious homosexual overtones. there is also a small, but very well-played role for a dancer who moonlights as a prostitute.this is a far greater study of the working class than of crime. the audience really gets the feeling of poverty and grime. the drifter is a complete tramp, the wife is no lana turner and may even have been a prostitute before marriage. her husband is an obscene capitalist - obese, rude and arrogant. i think the casting was brilliant for this film. my only beef is with the overlong running time. everything is drawn out too long and it would have been more effective if it had been more economical. nevertheless, fans of noir and realism will definitely like ossessione, as i did.

well, i'd heard from somewhere that ossessione is a precursor to the italian film genre, and particular favourite of mine, the 'giallo'...but actually, aside from the fact that this is a thriller that was made in italy; the two have pretty much no relation. in the sixties and seventies, italian film-makers would get themselves a reputation for ripping off just about every successful american film released. they've not done that here, but ossessione does follow almost the exact same story as the later american film 'the postman always rings twice', without giving the book's author, james m. cain, so much as a credit! anyway, the plot focuses on gino costa, a handsome drifter who, by chance, stumbles upon a café where a woman named giovanna bragana works. he soon learns that she's married to giuseppe; a big fat annoying man, whom giovanna can't stand to have even touching her. he wants the pair of them to run away together, but she's not so keen on the idea. however, fate ends up intervening and her plan to have her husband murdered is successful...despite the fact that the film loses some credibility for not crediting the author whose story it's based on, it has to be said that director luchino visconti implements the film noir style well, and in a way i even prefer the atmosphere of this film to some of the bigger american noir classics. the story is, as you would expect, extremely strong and the visconti manages to pull good performances out of his cast. visconti drags the film out a little bit too much, however, and with a running time of almost 135 minutes, i felt that the story was too thin to warrant this kind of length. i almost feel guilty for levelling all this criticism at ossessione as it is a good film, but it's not a 'great' film. the relationship between the two central characters is never really explored properly, and it seems like the film is keener to distract us from it rather than let us into the characters' heads. there's not much mystery to the plot as we pretty much always know what's going on, and by not always focusing on the characters themselves; the film is not as interesting as it could have been. still, it makes for an interesting viewing and comes recommended for that reason...although it's not as good as the 1946 version of the same james m. cain classic.

ossessioneluchino visconti's debut film, this italian noir is generally credited with launching the neorealist movement--well, it says so right on the back of the box--and is a sometimes penetrating, sometimes lugubrious portrait of lonesome individuals in moral flux. set in fascist italy, an assortment of supporting characters--including an ingenuous drifter who espouses communist virtues--embody the remote desperations of a country searching for its identity from without, drifting phantasms longing for a soul. although visconti's compassion for the disenfranchised and his ability to express their lamentable conditions was already well-developed, the spider web of deceit is tenuous--although a staple of noir is to posit a protagonist manipulated by fate and the femme fatale, gino here is so unhinged to begin with that you fear he might deserve it--the cosmic irony too didactic, the illicit relationship strained with bathos. all the same, it's incisive and essential, although its actual impact on film history is certainly debatable.

audiences today will probably watch a film like ossessione and not really consider how unprecedented it was during the time when it came out. the structure of the film really divorces from sap-happy hollywood conventions—as well as other major theatrical elements. it relies more upon depicting reality in a very grim and sober light. films of this nature—the neo-realist films—were made to reflect the darkness felt during post-world war ii times. ossessione tackles some fairly provocative issues that were probably unseen on screen prior to the war, including: adultery, conspiracy, murder, pregnancy, etc. aside from the one crane shot and certain musical swelling moments, the film aesthetic is very raw and gritty: shot on-location, uses natural lighting and most likely non-popular actors. all of these elements helped convey the issues explored in the film, yielding the following theme: negative karmic repercussions will haunt those who deliberately act immorally.the two leads—gino and giovanna—are polar opposites, yet both carry the mentality: we're bored and we want to be entertained. gino is a drifter; a lone traveler who embraces life and its constant fluctuations. giovanna is a bored house-wife cemented in the familiarly of marital permanence: she doesn't want to leave her home and husband, but would rather remain where she is because it's safer. gino's lifestyle represents the ideal lifestyle giovanna craves; the only difference is that she's too afraid to live it herself—that's why she falls in love with gino: he represents everything she wants but doesn't have the courage to get. she wants to live in a world free from the monotony of living with her corpulent husband—gino is the perfect ticket into that world. the affair that ensues between the two most likely left audiences back in the 40's feeling somewhat uneasy. i mean, films prior to the neo-realist age never showed such scandalous behavior on screen before. to say the least it was probably a bit alarming.in conjunction with the theme, the neo-realist style helps show the negative repercussions of adulterous behavior. succinctly put, adulterous behavior (as shown in the film) leads to depressing and ultimately deadened lives. when gino and giovanna conspire with each other to "eliminate" giovanna's husband, karma comes to haunt them like a plague after the deed is done. they return to their home: the atmosphere is dark and biting (as can be expected from the neo-realist style). they are not happy; they're actually more depressed. they thought that by eliminating giovanna's husband that they'd live happier lives, but they were duped. the film ends with giovanna's death—it being in karmic similitude of her husband's death. i think this is a very satisfying ending for several reasons. here's why.there's a lot of talk as to whether or not evil should be depicted on screen, and if so, to what extent. i think depicting evil is very necessary if and only if the evil depicted is not being glorified, but rather shows what negative consequences evil actions have. as the subtext of ossessione asks, is adultery and murder evil? i think the film eagerly responds yes! the adulterous behavior between the two reveals how unhappy they are. ironically though, towards the end of the film when they seem to be healed of their depression and are seen basking in each other's arms inside the car, the author of the film shows that their happiness is, in fact, a façade: the car crashes off the cliff and into the river, killing giovanna; the police arrest gino. i think it was the author's intention to say that even though people sometimes try and justify their immoral behavior, in the end karma will come back to haunt them. i agree. i think the two got what was coming to them because they both were incredibly selfish—always wanting instant gratification and not willing to endure through hard times. this was especially made clear after the first sign of difficulty that gino and giovanna experience in their relationship: he can't handle the pressure of living in giovanna's husband shadow, so he leaves giovanna and sleeps with another girl. such is typical of the insatiable, hedonistic personality.all in all, the film seemed very risky for its time. the audience, however, was prepared to see such a film because of the sobriety the war brought. those pre-war, happy-go-lucky films were no longer being believed. movie-going audiences were ready to see and contemplate difficult films with complex characters: they wanted to see characters whose lives were entangled in so-called 'sin' because it was a reflection of their own life problems. ossessione, then, acts as a great catalyst for where the future of film was heading. that is, a lot of the naturalism pieces we see today can be said to have been influenced by the neo-realist film movement.

oh, those sneaky italians. it's not the first time they based a movie on source material without the permission or knowledge of the, in this case, author of the novel. of course this is not something that is typically italian but got done quite a lot in the early days of cinema, mostly because they often thought they would be able to get away with it. james m. cain's publishers managed to keep this movie off american screens until 1976 but nevertheless the movie itself has grown a bit into a well known classic.the movie is not as great to watch as the 1946 american version but it's a great movie nevertheless. this of course not in the least is due to the movie it's great strong story, that is an intriguing one and provides the movie with some great characters and realism. it follows the novel quite closely and is therefore mostly the same as other movie versions of its story, with of course as a difference that it got set in an italian environment.leave it up to the italians to make a movie about life and the real people in it. these early drama's always have a very realistic feeling over it and are therefore also quite involving to watch. unfortunately the movie lost some of its power toward the end, when the movie started to feel a bit overlong and dragging in parts. the movie could had easily ended 15 minutes earlier.nevertheless, i don't really have much else negative to say about this movie. it's simply a greatly made one, based on some equally great and strong source material. quite an impressive directorial debut for luchino visconti, who continued to direct some many more great and memorable italian dramatic movies.8/10

visconti's first film has all his trademark visual flair and immaculate technique, accompanied by compelling performances from massimo girotti as the handsome drifter and, best of all, clara calamai as the fabulous, frantic giovanna. remade several times as 'the postman rings twice' but never bettered. can't believe this was the man's first film! it shows the confidence of someone at the zenith of their career.

i'm not sure under what circumstances director visconti decided to film james cain's novel "the postman always rings twice" (i'm not even sure if viscounti acquired the book's rights), but the resulting movie is definitely interesting. it is not the best version of cain's story (i like the 1981 version best), but thanks to visconti's excellent direction and the casting of clara calamai and massimo girotti (a very sensual couple), it is a must for noir fans. visconti mixes neorealism with noir sensibilities to great effect. the film is not perfect, though. my main complaint is that the film is a little too long for its own good; the story moves at a very slow pace (i don't think visconti was very good at editing his films). i think film noir works better with a short running time. fortunately, calamai and girotti are magnetic actors that keep the viewer interested. anyhow, as much as i like this film and the remakes, i think no one has made the definitive version of cain's much-praised book.

when people nowadays hear of a 1940s drama, they usually appear to create a distance of irony claiming that it's another tearjerker with great stars in the lead of tragic, melancholic roles. this opinion, however, does not resemble neorealist movies, in particular this one directed by count luchino visconti. ossessione as his debut once censored and once cherished as nearly a realistic masterpiece is still loved by some people and strongly criticized by others. the contradictory opinions about the film that have appeared in these 65 years seem to have been caused by the content of the movie itself, exceptionally controversial for modern times as well as the past. at the same time, while being based on the novel by james m. cain, the postman always rings twice, it is one of the most genuine screen adaptations where director remains his own style, view, his own art. i have seen the film twice and the second viewing led me to very detailed analysis part of which i'd like to entail below.first, visconti's movie seems to touch all psychology and actions that people may do in life, in particular those absorbed by desire. these people make such tragic decisions in spite of terrible consequences they are bound to face. gino (massimo girotti) a traveler with "bear like shoulders" turns up at the crossroad of a motorway near ferrara and enters the tavern. although many people go there to have a meal, gino occurs to get something more - much more: the indefatigable desire of beautiful giovanna (clara calamai) a woman already married to an elderly man who runs the bar, mr giuseppe bragana (juan de landa). her body and her song possess his mind totally and from the moment of their first love, the couple plan to get rid of the old obstacle and build up a new life together... however, are people bound to wrong deeds in face of desire? can one build love upon murder? what is love and what is loyalty? does desire lead to a dangerous addiction or even obsession? such questions intensely arise while watching the movie, when, to the core, the viewer is supplied with an insight into characters. "we have to love each other affectionately" answers giovanna seemingly giving a cure to all crying conscience but may desirous love justify and cure everything? "isn't it what we both wanted" says one of the couple... it occurs that it's not. therefore, the content of the film appears to be very dangerous if not analyzed with intellect and heart. yet, it constantly remains thought provoking.second, ossessione has a very strong point that talks to modern viewers: brilliant moments and marvelous cinematography, which go in pair with memorable sequences and visual power. these make a modern viewer realize that a film made almost 70 years ago is absolutely entertaining to watch. they range from tasteful erotic images to purely technical shots. who can possibly skip that moment in ferrara where gino meets a beautiful girl, a sort of "ragazza perfetta" (perfect girl), a dancer anita and buys her ice cream. his desires show him totally different direction... do viewers remain indifferent at gino-giovanna's first meeting? the first focus of camera is on giovanna's legs seemingly representing carnal desire over love that gino experiences. a marvel of shot is gino and giovanna leaving the investigation room and the closeup of their shadows that directs our attention towards their suspicious look.third, ossessione can boast outstanding performances both from the leading pair as well as the supporting cast. massimo girotti once said in an interview that working in this movie had been one of the most difficult jobs he had ever done; yet, consequently, what comes out is a flawless acting. he portrays a bisexual man torn within desires who commits a crime but cannot stand any of the objects that remind him of his victim, which represents conscience. his bisexuality is indicated through the character of lo spagnolo (elio marcuzzo) whom he meets in very surprising circumstances in the train for ancona. clara calamai, who was cast in the role after eminent anna magnani had refused, fits very well to the role and we may claim that there is a true chemistry between the couple. they are both very convincing. besides, i liked juan de langa in the role of bragana: he portrays an old husband not affectionate to his wife and still crazy about high art. in some of his most witty moments, he asks his wife to wash his back or walks in the empty streets singing his favorite opera songs after sort of karaoke performance.in sum, we, as modern viewers who are capable of critical view, have to look at this film very objectively. it is art for sure thanks to the aspects aforementioned, it is a powerful story as well thanks to the controversy it carries; yet, is it educational? visconti was not fellini who said that he did not carry any message for humanity. in such case, his films would only entertain (which is, of course, not entirely fellini's style, too). visconti always had something to convey. what did he want to say here? is the film against bad marriage? or is it against wrong actions of people absorbed by desire? the final shocking moments say for themselves. though you don't have to agree with the vision, ossessione is really a wonderfully realistic film, one of visconti's best 8/10

a deplorable social condition triggers off the catastrophe: an impoverished giovanna has ended up in the gutter, but still has an ace up her sleeve: beauty and youth. bragana, a fat-bellied gas station tenant, who has been getting on in years, picks her up from the street and offers her bed and home together with his clumsy affection. but the physical contact that giovanna is now exposed to only gives her feelings of disgust, and consequently she does not see a benefactor in him but a tormentor whom she has to get rid of.the arrival of gino, a young migrant worker, finally provides her the longed-for opportunity. and you don't have to ask her twice: at the very first encounter she gives him the feeling of being physically desired, and a little later she lets him seduce her without offering any resistance.the developping partnership has to submit to the strict rules drawn up by giovanna though. gino's yearning for freedom is suppressed, his desire to leave the place with giovanna and start a new life far away from the fatso is pushed aside. giovanna aims at another goal: to get bragana killed, to inherit and, in addition to that, to collect the insurance premium. in her hands gino degenerates into a self-sacrificing tool. being completely at the mercy of this woman he turns into a cold-blooded killer.but in contrast to giovanna he questions the committed crime on a moral level. the very taking over of bragana's place, which includes the sleeping in the bed of a dead man, causes a deep loathing of himself. and later, after he has found out about the forthcoming payment of the insurance money and seems to see through giovanna's cunningly devised plan, he also executes a physical separation from his lover and finds comfort in the arms of a prostitute.if visconti's film ended at this point, it could easily be classified as a condemnatory portrait of a cool, calculating and unscrupulous woman with a slight touch of social criticism. but then the last sequences make this carefully built construct of ideas collapse. at last giovanna feels remorseful about what she has done, and by the uncompromising revelation of her innermost feelings she succeeds in inflaming anew gino's love. her violent death by an absurd road accident then does not only leave him helpless at the mercy of an arbitrary fate. it also affects us, while we realize that none of the acting characters is to be made responsible for their disaster. the culprit is just the state of a society that determines the way of the individual unalterably right from the start.

to get in touch with the beauty of this film pay close attention to the sound track, not only the music, but the way all sounds help to weave the imagery. how beautifully the opening scene leading to the expulsion of gino establishes the theme of moral ambiguity! note the way music introduces the characters as we are led inside giovanna's marriage. don't expect to find much here of the political life of italy in 1943. that's not what this is about. on the other hand, if you are susceptible to the music of images and sounds, you will be led into a word that reaches beyond neo-realism. by the end of the film we there are moments antonioni-like landscape that has more to do with the inner life of the characters than with real places. this is one of my favorite visconti films.

tcm is keeping me awake all the time... they keep coming up with films ive never heard of ... senso.... now ossessione... a very early film by visconti!!... wow... the italian version of the postman always rings twice...brilliant!! beautifully acted and directed ...never heard of either leads who were excellent, clara calamai,as giovanna, and especially, massimo girotti as gino... what a sensual man !! more muscular and attractive than anyone else on the screen in 1943!!! his look was ahead of its time...many male stars from the 1950s were probably inspired by him... he should have been a major world wide star!! the film is much better than the jack nicholson/jessica lange version and less glossier than the mgm version (which i really like) with john garfield and lana turner remember that white outfit ? who can forget.... this italian version is different ..more realistic and with a very different ending... see it watch it...im going to buy it !!

a masterful treatment of james caine's "the postman always rings twice" as luchino visconti's first film shot primarily around ferrara in a soulless war-torn italy. the original negative was thought destroyed but visconti saved a print and fortunately we can see this early neo-realist work today. a ruggedly handsome massimo girotti and clara calamai (who had recently revealed her breasts in la cena delle beffe" (1941), star as the sensually-charged and ill-fated lovers who plot to kill her husband. unusual ending in which, although crime does not pay, one pays in a way not directly linked to the crime. excellent direction, script, acting, and cinematography. reportedly not as good as the french "le dernier tournant' (1939) but probably better than the us version (1946) featuring lana turner and john garfield in the lead roles. highly recommended.

ossessione, adapted loosely (or if it is as loose or close to the version i saw of james m. cain's the postman always rings twice with jack nicholson and jessica lange i can't be certain) by first time director luchino visconti, is no less outstanding with usage of mis-en-scene, music (both diegetic and non-diegetic), and the acting. i didn't know what to expect visconti to do in his approach to the material, after seeing la terra trema and seeing how sometimes his political motivations snuck in a little bit. but this is a totally character and emotional based drama, bordering on melodrama (however, without the conventions that bog down lesser ones), and with the style in the finest path of the budding film-noir movement, visconti creates a debut that's as involving as any other neo-realist film. neo-realism, by the way, could rightfully be claimed as this being a forefather (along with de sica's the children are watching us), which that would take shape after the war. although love and romance is more in play here than in some of the more famous neo-realist efforts, it's dealt with in a bare-bones storytelling fashion, and it's laced with other familiar themes in neo-realism (the lower-class, death, desperation).aside from the story, which is simply as it is described on this site, the artistry with which visconti captures the images, and then layers them with objects (a shawl over gino costa's profile when in guilt), shadows and darkness that tend to overcome many of the later scenes in the film (usually over gian and giovanna), and the feel of the italian streets in many of the exterior scenes. domenico scala and aldo tonti (who would lens some of rossellini and fellini's films) help in envisioning the look of ossessione, which is usually moving in on a character, then pausing to read as much emotion on their faces, their voices and mannerisms lovely and ugly, sad and dark and romantic. i think i've just scratched the surface on how effective it was that the film itself was moving me along, even as i was in fear of the futures of the two leads. the two leads (massimo girotti and clara calamai) portray all the compelling, truthful, and near-operatic emotions, and the key supporting actors are also without their attributes. it's a brilliant, crushing adaptation, and it points as a striking signpost of what was to come for visconti in his career.

fascinating look at fascist italy and the people who carved out a life under mussolini. street scenes and lifestyle glimpses alone are worth watching. combine this with a masterful plot and premier acting and you get a film that you will want to watch again . .. and maybe again.

ossessione is in very bad state but is now undergoing a full restoration at digital film lab in copenhagen. the material used is a "master positive" 2nd generation originally from the print visconti managed to hide from the fascists. it has been scanned on the spirit 4k (as 2k rgb data) then processed using davinci revival restoration software. after this the rest is manual labor and we do not anticipate finishing before early spring. sometime next year it should be available on dvd and hopefully also released on hd dvd. this film is beautiful and we hope the restoration effort will be enjoyed by many generations to come.

gino costa (massimo girotti) is a young and handsome drifter who arrives in a road bar. he meets the young, beautiful and unsatisfied wife giovanna bragana (clara calamai) and her old and fat husband giuseppe bragana (juan de landa), owners of the bar. he trades his mechanical skills by some food and lodging, and has an affair with giovanna. they both decide to kill giuseppe, forging a car accident. the relationship of them become affect by the feeling of guilty and the investigation of the police. this masterpiece ends in a tragic way. the noir and neo-realistic movie of luchino visconti is outstanding. this is the first time that i watch this version of `the postman always rings twice'. i loved the 1946 version with lana turner, and the 1981 version, where jack nicholson and jessica lange have one of the hottest sex scene in the history of the cinema, but this one is certainly the best. my vote is ten.

wow! the sort of movie you could watch ten times and still delight in its nuances. absolutely incredible! if this was visconti's debut film, i shudder to think what would happen if he got any better from film to film. the only other one of his i've seen (at time of writing) is death in venice - which was absolutely incredible: more dazzling visually than ossessione (obsession). one of the most beautiful films i've ever seen, but its story was not as involving as ossessione. if you click on "miscellaneous" on this page's links, there are stills from the movie on those websites. they won't really do justice to the experience of the movie: such graceful camera movements, such beautiful composition, such wonderful faces, such terrific characters, such a great story development, the first movie adapted from james m cain's "the postman always rings twice."i can't believe this was made in 43, eight years before brando was supposed to have introduced realistic acting to the world with streetcar named desire (1951). the actors in this may not have used the method technique, ie they may not have truly felt everything themselves (i don't know anything about it) - but they're some of the best, most genuine and realistic performances up to this date in cinema. also, eight years before streetcar named desire brought a new sensuality to the screen, ossessione was electrifyingly sensual! the most sensual thing since the beginning of cinema! yes, i'm being superlative, but ossessione was just that terrific.the reason ossessione didn't cause the impact streetcar did was that it was made in fascist italy and banned by mussolini, and re-cut in america. american audiences didn't see its full glory till 59, eight years after streetcar.i won't say any more about it - just writing to tell you its one of the best, most beautiful and exciting movies i've ever seen, and tell you to go out and see it! like another reviewer, i'm going to buy it as soon as i can find it!

luchino visconti was light years ahead of his contemporaries. the great directors of italy of the 40s and 50s were men who understood the medium, but it was luchino visconti, a man of vision, who dared to bring a film like to show what he was capable of doing. he clearly shows his genius early on in his distinguished career with "ossessione", a film based on james cain's "the postman always ring twice", which was later made by hollywood, but that version pales in comparison with what visconti achieved in the movie. luchino visconti and his collaborators on the screen included an uncredited alberto moravia, a man who knew about the effect of passion on human beings.the film has been well preserved in the dvd format we watched recently. the film is a must for all serious movie fans because we can see how visconti's vision translated the text into a movie that rings true in a plausible way, something the american version lacked.what comes across watching the movie, is the intensity which the director got from his key players. the magnificent clara calamai does an amazing job as giovanna, the woman who has married an older man, but when gino appears in her life, all she wants to do is rid herself of the kind man who gave her an opportunity in life. giovanna is one of the best creations in ms. calamai's achievements in the italian cinema. the last sequence of the film shows ms. calamai at her best in the ironic twist that serves as the moral redemption for the monstrous crime that was committed.equally excellent is massimo girotti, one of the best actors of his generation who appears as gino, the hunky man that awakens the obsessive passion in giovanna. gino is the perfect man for giovanna, something that mr. girotti projects with such ease and sophistication not equaled before in the screen. mr. girotti makes the man come alive in a performance that seems so easy, yet with another actor it might not have been so apparent. juan delanda is seen as giuseppe, the older man who fell in love with giovanna. in fact, his character rings truer than his counterpart in the american film, where he is seen more as a buffoon.the film is beautifully photographed by domenic scala and aldo tonti. they gave the film a naturalistic look that was the way italian directors of the era favored. the original musical score of giuseppe rosati is perfect. visconti, a man who loved opera and was one of the best directors, also includes arias by bizet and verdi that fit well in the context of the movie."ossessione" is a film to treasure because we see a great luchino visconti at the top of his form.

(some spoilers) i have not read the james m. cain novel (`the postman always rings twice') on which this movie was based, so i cannot compare this film version to it, but i have seen and love the 1946 us version (also entitled `postman').even better is this gem from italy, which, i have read, was `mutilated' in editing because of too many blatant references to the fascist regime. well, no matter – what is left is a fine piece of cinema, apparently the forerunner of the neo-realist movement in film-making. one can certainly see why – despite whatever harsh editing did go on, a pervading sense of societal and cultural, as well as personal oppression remains, hanging heavy over the protagonists, who therefore face many limits in life.consider gino, the young drifter, not well educated, unemployed, and resorting to stowing away, stealing and conning people in order to get by, his one pair of shoes so threadbare as to be virtually useless.in giovanna, he sees a way out, yet he should have kept going, as giovanna is oppressed by her loveless marriage to an older man with some money, her job (working at the trattoria for her husband, slaving away behind the bar and in the kitchen), and her sex. in the past, she had limited options, and decided to marry the restaurant/gas station owner (giuseppe bregana, played by juan de landa) anyway, knowing that he would not make her happy. she tells gino that she feels sick every time bregana touches her.on the pretext of helping bregana fix his car and sending him into the village to buy a needed part (which he has in fact pocketed), gino wins bregana's favor (promising also to fix the broken water pump – water symbolizing life, or lack thereof) and is left alone with giovanna. they immediately start a heated, passionate, yet volatile love affair.gino soon feels stifled by the relationship, and feels the need to move on again when giovanna proposes that they dispose of her husband. wanting no part of it, gino leaves town on a train ride that he cannot afford, kindly paid for him by another gypsy-type man named spagnolo, a fellow train passenger. to gino, spagnolo represents a sort of freedom, and they become friends (spagnolo also symbolizes gino's morality and conscience), traveling and finding work at a carnival together. finally gino has steady employment. to his dismay (he is not yet over his love for giovanna), a month has passed when bregana and his wife go to the carnival and bregana persuades gino to go `back home' to live and work with them again, as he is handy to have around.too weak-willed to resist, knowing this will reunite he and giovanna, gino agrees and goes back to stay with the couple. after a while he gives in to gina's demands to get rid of her husband. once the evil deed is done, giovanna becomes more cold-blooded than ever, seeming to have very little conscience, while guilt and shame eat away at gino for hurting a man who never did him any harm. as much as he wants to leave her – he does again briefly, they are now inextricably linked, and must face the consequences.i liked the way the spagnolo character came back into gino's life to act as a judge of his misdeeds – that was very good, and interesting, adding another dimension to the story.while the '46 u.s. version with lana turner and john garfield gets a bit lost in a quagmire of peripheral characters, especially the cops and the lawyers, ossessione does well to concentrate much more on the psychological effects of the crime on the lovers alone. this gives the final outcome even more potency, and makes a powerful statement reinforcing the helplessness inherent in the society in which the characters must live.a minor quibble: the amount of time (hardly any) that elapses before undying love is pronounced by the lovers, how quickly they kill the husband (there is no botched first attempt as in the u.s. version); gino's very quick-to-escalate relationship with the dancer/hooker – they quickly profess their love as well, and she is willing to risk a great deal for a man she just met! – all rather unrealistic, isn't it? i found this time-frame problem quite distracting – it made me think that i must have missed something somewhere. otherwise, well worth the viewer's time. the acting and direction were both uniformly good throughout. recommended.

visconti's first feature, ossessione is an adaptation of james m. cain's the postman always rings twice. now, i'm not familiar with that book or the other film versions, but i am a big fan of cain's double indemnity (much more so than i am a fan of billy wilder's film version of it, in fact). the two novellas seem like they must be very similar. both involve an illicit love affair where a ravenous wife complains to a morally weak man that her husband is worthless and mean to her. giovanna, the woman in this italian version, played very well by clara calamai, is not evil incarnate like the wife in double indemnity, but she seems very spoiled. her husband (a great performance by juan de landa) is a bit cruel to her, but she strikes me like she is at least as uncompromising with him. he's older than her and unattractive, so she's rather fickle. when gino shows up, a young, muscular man, it takes her about five minutes to get him into bed. she sweats she wants to be with him forever, but she's stuck with her husband. they break up at first, but when they meet again, they (apparently, although this is intentionally vague) plan to murder the husband. they are successful, and they move back to the woman's home town to run the bar that her husband owned. gino is very unenthusiastic about this idea. he wants giovanna, but the one thing that he certainly doesn't want is to sit around in one place for the rest of his life. their relationship quickly crumbles. ossessione is a very complex film with complex characters. it's always fascinating, but it does go on a bit too long. at two hours and twenty-two minutes, i can't, for the life of me, figure out how it took that long! this is partly due to the neorealist stylistics that visconti was inventing within this film. it was, after all, the first film that won that label. we see a lot of the action prolonged as it would be in real life, without any hurrying to the next plot point. i've seen many of visconti's films, and the only one i like better than this one is rocco and his brothers (1960). his direction is as great as it ever was, with the camera moving brilliantly and the editing perfect. i also feel the need to point out the film's best performance, by dhia christiani as a young (exotic) dancer and part-time prostitute named anita whom gino meets after he begins to try to break away from giovanna. she's only in the film for maybe five or six minutes, and she has only a few lines. it's shocking how much visconti and christiani are able to do with this character in such a short time. she's absolutely heartbreaking. 9/10.

this is a haunting, powerful italian adaptation of james m. cain's novel the postman always rings twice directed by the great luchino visconti. what is so interesting about the film is that in every way it transcends it's source material to become something bolder and more original (interestingly camus also credits cain's novel as the key inspiration for his landmark novel the stranger). the film has a greater power and intensity than the novel because visconti is able to create the filmic equivalent of cain's narrative structure but offer a more complex exploration of gender. cain's very american novel is also uncritically fascinated with the construction of whiteness (the lead character cora is obsessively afraid she will be identified as a mexican and embarrassed that she married a greek immigrant), which is not relevant to the italian rural context that visconti is working in. this allows the class antagonisms to take center stage and dance among the embers of the passionate, doomed love affair of the two main characters. this film is a complex, suspenseful, rewarding experience.

watching "ossessione" today -- more than 6 decades later -- is still a powerful experience, especially for those interested in movie history and more specifically on how italian filmmakers changed movies forever (roughly from "ossessione" and de sica's "i bambini ci guardano", both 1943, up to 20 years later with fellini, antonioni, pasolini). visconti makes an amazing directing début, taking the (uncredited) plot of "the postman always rings twice" as a guide to the development of his own themes.it strikes us even today how ahead of its time "ossessione" was. shot in fascist italy during world war ii (think about it!!), it depicted scenes and themes that caused the film to be immediately banned from theaters -- and the fact that it used the plot of a famous american novel and payed no copyright didn't help. "ossessione" alarmingly reveals poverty-ridden war-time italy (far from the idealized italy depicted in fascist "telefoni bianchi" movies); but it's also extremely daring in its sexual frankness, with shirtless hunk gino (massimo girotti, who definitely precedes brando's kowalski in "a streetcar named desire") taking giovanna (clara calamai), a married woman, to bed just 5 minutes after they first meet. we watch calamai's unglamorous, matter-of-fact undressing and the subtle but undeniable homosexual hints between gino and lo spagnolo (elio marcuzzo - a very appealing actor, his face not unlike pierre clémenti's, who was shot by the nazis in 1945, at 28 years old!)...in a few words: sex, lust, greed and poverty, as relentlessly as it had rarely, if ever, been shown before in italian cinema.all the copies of "ossessione" were destroyed soon after its opening -- it was called scandalous and immoral. visconti managed to save a print, and when the film was re-released after the war, most critics called it the front-runner of the neo-realist movement, preceding rossellini's "roma città aperta" and de sica's "sciuscià". some other critics, perhaps more appropriately, saw "ossessione" as the italian counterpart to the "poetic realism" of french cinema (remember visconti had been renoir's assistant), especially marcel carné's "quai des brumes" and "le jour se lève", and julien duvivier's "pépé le moko". while "ossessione" may be neo-realistic in its visual language (the depiction of war-time paesan life in italy with its popular fairs, poverty, child labor, prostitution, bums, swindlers etc), the characters and the themes were already decidedly viscontian. he was always more interested in tragic, passionate, obsessive, greedy characters, in social/political/sexual apartheid, in the decadence of the elites than in realistic, "everyday- life" characters and themes, favored by desica and rossellini. in "ossessione" we already find elements of drama and tragedy later developed in many of his films, especially "senso" (visconti's definitive departure from neo-realist aesthetics) and "rocco e suoi fratelli"...even in his most "neo-realist" film, "la terra trema", he makes his fishermen rise from day-to-day characters to mythological figures."ossessione" is a good opportunity to confirm the theory about great artists whose body of work approaches, analyzes and develops specific themes and concerns over and over again, from their first to their last opus, no matter if the scenery, background or time-setting may change -- visconti may play with the frame but the themes and essence of his art are, well, obsessively recurrent. "ossessione" is not to be missed: you'll surely be fascinated by this ground-breaking, powerful film.

this film may have a questionable pedigree because it was made for tv, but it is one of the best movies i've seen. the film and its actors won several awards. it is gripping, fascinating, and it will absorb you completely. the story of a chase for a killer in iron-curtain russia by people who are willing to risk their careers to try to save lives of future victims would be a compelling story if it were fiction -- but it's ostensibly a true story. i highly recommend it.

steven rea plays a forensic scientist thrust on the job in sovie russia in 1982..in the very first hours of his job a body of a murdered girl is brought in..he has his workers go back to look for evidence and they bring back five more bodies..this starts the story of the hunt for one of the worst serial killers in modern day history..it is a stark depressing dark movie that explores how the bureaucracy of the old soviet union indirectly contributed or caused the deaths of many of the killers victims.it also explores in donald sutherland's character how the proper usage of bureaucracy in a communist govt can help achieve the ultimate goal of finding a monster a gripping movie not for all but for those who like a good detective story that will hold your interest this is definitely a must see on a scale of one to ten.. 9

excellent film. the whole picture was filmed in budapest, so i feel proud. my little problem was that the trains in the film belonged to the hungarian state railways (máv), and it is plain to see that they were used in big train, not in the local railway - according to the story chikatilo picked up his victims in local railway stations. apart from this, the film is superb.

this is a fascinating account of the hunt for the soviet union's first known serial killer. i had tuned in, just expecting a half-decent tv movie, but found myself drawn by the compelling way the story was told. as others have said, there is much to admire here that is sadly lacking in many big screen releases.much of the credit must go to chris gerolmo, whose intelligent screenplay and direction draw the viewer in, until it is impossible not to feel emotionally involved. the acting by the whole cast is also superb, especially that of the two leads, stephen rea and donald sutherland. their convincing portrayals give their character arcs a great deal of credibility, and the scene where they have their first committee meeting after perestroika is genuinely touching.if you prefer your crime films with a bit more depth and a little less sheen, i strongly recommend you look out for 'citizen x'.

this movie was excellent. it details the struggle between a committed detective against the dedicated ignorance of the corrupted communist regime in russia during the 80's. i give this movie high marks for it's no-holds-barred look into the birth and development of forensic investigation in a globally isolated (thanks to the "regime") community. this is a graphic movie. it presents an unsensationalized picture of violence and it's tragic remains. nothing is "candy-coated" with overdone blood or gore to separate us from the cruel reality on the screen. this movie is based on russian serial killer andrei chikatilo. i'm familiar enough with the true story to have a very deep appreciation for how real they kept the film. it's not a comedy, but for those who appreciate dry and dark humor, this movie is a must-see.

citizenx(1995) is the developing world's answer to silence of the lambs. where `silence' terrorized our peace of mind, `citizen' exhausts and saddens us instead. this dramatization of the chikatilo case translates rather well, thanks to a westernized friendship between two rostov cops who become equals.citizenx may also argue against(!) the death penalty far better than kevin spacey's the life of david gayle(2002).humans are machiavellian mammals, under which lie limbic brains (lizard-logic). why did two kids, who knew better, stone to death a toddler they kidnapped? why do bloodthirsty women yell `li-lilililililii' at acts of obscene terrorism? -my own term for this is `limbic domination', the lizard-logic urge to dominate an `enemy'. if you have the words `enemy'/`vengeance' in your vocabulary, you're easily capable of `limbic domination'.in wwii-devastated 1980s rostov (located at the mouth of the don river near the black sea), nothing suppressed andrei chikatilo's urge for `limbic domination' from overpowering his layers of civilization. chikatilo(jeffrey demunn)'s easy victims were paupers, usually children, who rode the interurban train for fun, since they couldn't afford anything else.citizenx reminds us that the denials of a rampant soviet bureaucracy cost the lives of 52 such `lambs'. rostov's serial killer roamed free for almost 7 years after the police arrested and let him go.the politicization of crimefighting is harmful to police forces everywhere. although policing routinely suffers from corruption all over the world, in the west, vote-grabbing by politicians can set up chronic inter-agency rivalries, stymieing a more coordinated response to crime. in the soviet union of citizenx, however, viktor burakov(stephen rea)'s killer department was suffering from a repressive bureaucracy.geoffrey demunn plays the psychosexually inadequate chikatilo with faultless but understated authority--to the point of complete obscurity. in real life, too, chikatilo had a lifetime's experience blending in and evading capture.his pursuer, on the other hand, sticks out as a strange bird, given to unheralded, naive outbursts. perhaps by design, stephen rea gives a very strange performance as forensics chief burakov. rea's russian accent is impenetrable; and his burakov is humourless and sullen, at odds with everyone.so it's donald sutherland who walks away with the picture. sutherland's col.fetisov, burakov's boss, and at first his only supporter, is an overly restrained, patient militiaman whose dignified carriage bears testimony to decades of bureaucratic machinations. his reawakening as a logic-driven yet still passionate cop becomes the film's cornerstone idealism.joss ackland does another turn as a vicious apparatchik, secretary of communist ideology bondarchuk, overseeing the investigation. naturally, he quashed the arrest of the most likely suspect, a communist, in 1984, a man carrying rope and a knife in his bag, supposedly going home: andrei chikatilo.soon, he replaced burakov with another moscow apparatchik, detective gorbunov(john wood), insisting that the investigation now focus on `known homosexuals'. the funniest scene of this sad, sad film comes during bondarchuk's & gorbunov's institutionalized harassment: one stupid cop earnestly reports, `as i suspected, comrade, it's fornication. i've made some drawings'--cue howling laughter.5yrs after the bodies began piling up, in 1987, the police finally tried soliciting criminal profiles. the only cooperating soviet psychiatrist was dr aleksandr bukhanovsky(max von sydow), who termed the unsub `citizenx'. he later also observed to fetisov & burakov that `...together you make a wonderful person'. we concur.the drawn-out pace, spread over a decade, perfectly captures the institutional inertia of glasnost--`openness'--that wasn't. the contrast with perestroika--`restructuring'--couldn't've been greater for the case. although chikatilo was still prowling railway stations, police plans were about to bear fruit.in 1990, col.fetisov was expeditiously promoted to general. his nemesis bondarchuk disappeared off the scene, allowing the investigation to finally proceed without political interference. staff, communications, publicity--suddenly all were available. in just one night of telephoning around, fetisov got his depressed forensics chief access to the fbi's serial murder task force at quantico, where, fetisov discovered, staff are regularly rotated off serial murder cases to stave off just such psychological damage to investigators.fetisov advises his newly promoted forensics chief, now `colonel' burakov, of all these changes in an avalanche of confession that becomes the movie's powerhouse watershed scene. fetisov's is the most tender apology i've ever seen on film: `privately, i offer my deepest apologies to you and your wife. i hope that someday you can forgive me my ignorance', he almost whispers.a hbo production, citizenx is a film of the highest caliber. not only do the exteriors look authentically bleak (shot exclusively in the most run-down parts of otherwise spectacular budapest), but randy edelman's soaring soundtrack is entirely overwhelming--and frequently our only respite from the bleak brutality. those who speak hungarian will recognize the many hungarian accents and credits.chikatilo's actual murders are depicted as bleak, aberrant behaviour born of character flaws and ignorance in an equally bleak world. this makes the murders seem not-entirely-out-of-place--but of course they were. as president kennedy reminded us, `we all cherish the futures of our children'.citizenx communicates perfectly that killing is far more grisly and obscene than any vengeance fantasy might imply. serial rapists rape to dominate; serial killers kill to dominate. so do some soldiers. such `limbic dominators' make poor humans.warning-spoiler:----------------------------------------------- the real andrei chikatilo was the world's most prolific known serial killer. convicted, he was executed in 1992 in the manner of all soviet union death sentences: one shot, in the back of the head. foolishly, such methods destroy any possibility of studying a deviant brain after death.conclusion:------------------------------------------------------------ the best outcome is always the prevention of killings, not their prosecution. executions merely guarantee society's failure to learn from the complex reality of victims' deaths when we dispatch even anecdotal evidence of how/why they died. nor do killers learn regret if they're dead.vengeance doesn't unkill victims. baying for the killer's blood constitutes nothing better than counter-domination--once it's too late.vengeance on behalf of the grieving isn't justice for the deceased--it's appeasement of the living.(10/10)

i was surprised at how fascinating this movie was. the performances were extremely good, especially by rea as the compassionate no-nonsense detective.despite a low budget, no big fx or flashy camerawork, citizen x somehow manages to surpass the majority of similar big hollywood films by just. telling. the. story.true stories tend to end with a whimper rather than a bang, and that's the case here, but apart from that, this is a highly recommended detective yarn.

this is an excellent movie. it is about many things: the hunt for a serial killer, the bureacracy of soviet russia, the drive of one man, and the relationship between this man (the lead detective) and his superior.the thing that sticks with me the most is the relationship between durokov (rea) and fetisov (sutherland) (excuse bad spelling, please!). for some reason, it is moving to see their evolution from hostility and offense turning into respect and cameraderie and working together. one line in the movie sums it up for me: "he would say something witty, but he is overcome with emotion."excellent acting by all of the cast, even the smallest parts were done with believability.this is not a fast-paced action thriller; in fact, it moves at times like a slow drama, but it is worth it. very satisfying and not exploitative about the crimes at all.

"citizen x" is the superbly told true story of the hunt for one of history's worst serial killers. what makes this story even more compelling is where and when it took place; the soviet union in the 1980's.** mild spoilers ** viktor burakov (magnificently played by stephen rea) is a newly promoted forensic investigator for the rostov oblast militia. he discovers past and present unsolved murders, apparently by the same person. the murders are unsolved because no one has ever taken the trouble to properly investigate the evidence. he is driven to find and stop the killer. his only tools are his dedication, skill and honesty. his obstacles are the corruption and political ideology of the soviet system that discourages the search for truth. his naiveté would have led to failure were it not for his boss, col. mikhail fetisov (donald sutherland). fetisov is a politically astute cynic who understands the game and knows how to deal with the soviet bureaucracy. however, he also shares burakov's desire to bring a murderer to justice, even if the official party line is "there are no serial killers in the soviet union!" the cast is outstanding. the locations and sets are perfect recreations of latter day soviet life. randy edelman's score is particularly good. more important, this film shows a dark and disturbing criminal phenomenon with both intensity and poignancy. this was a made-for-cable movie by hbo films and they have become a great resource for films that would otherwise never be made.

the poor dvd video quality is the only reason why i gave this movie a 9 instead of a 10. that could have been so much better, this movie deserves it.this is truly a movie that covers several themes simultaneously. if you do not like movies about serial killers, but are fascinated by the astonishing bureaucratic culture in the former sovjet union, this movie is a must-see anyway.i can't compare it to "silence of the lambs" for several reasons. the way the serial killer is portrayed, has been done far much better in citizen x. you see several details of his private life, because you "travel" along with the killer, which gives you some idea of the source of his constant anger and sexual frustration.the only other movie i have seen that is as realistic as this one was "henry - portrait of a serial killer". if you were fascinated by that movie you definitely need to take a look at citizen x.

citizen x tells the real life drama of the search for a serial killer dubbed "the rostov ripper" this great film shows the long journey it took to try to apprehend a killer. the film shows how politics may haver helped the killer to continue his rampage for over 12 years. (possibly over 50 victims, mostly women and children) the performances of stephen rea as the lead detective and donald sutherland as the overall investigation lead was superb. jeffrey demunn as the ripper andrei romanovich chikatilo. this is the type of film which will mesmerize you and immediately have you on the internet researching the real case. this a film not to be missed. it debuted i believe on hbo and never did get a theatrical release to my understanding. great film

chris gerolmo took care not to simply give us a `jack-the-stripper' type of list of murdered people: he delved into the psychological characterization with convincing results. perhaps mostly due to stephen rea's excellent performance playing off against donald sutherland with good empathy by both. it was the playing of these two parts – above all – which made the film something more than just a morbid account of the history of the butcher of rostov. supporting actors, especially max von sydow, carried out their parts really well. good directing. the photography was good too. needless to say, the fact that the film was shot in hungary was bound to produce a couple of aberrations, but, frankly, given the depth of the story-telling and interpretations, we can completely forget these little trivialia.for once, a made for tv film from hbo has come up trumps. recommended, especially if you like to analyse characteriology and forget some of the morbid scenes – which, i hasten to add, are never exaggerated.

though i saw this movie years ago, its impact has never left me. stephen rea's depiction of an invetigator is deep and moving. his anguish at not being able to stop the deaths is palpable. everyone in the cast is amazing from sutherland who tries to accommodate him and provide ways for the police to coordinate their efforts, to the troubled citizen x. each day when we are bombarded with stories of mass murderers, i think of this film and the exhausting work the people do who try to find the killers.

i believe this is the most powerful film hbo pictures has made to date. this film should have been released in theaters for the public to view on the big screen. it is available on video so make sure you look for it and check it out. chris gerolmo did a great job with the direction and the screenplay. the performances from stephen rea, donald sutherland and jeffery demunn are flawless. a masterpiece of the genre.

imagine being so hampered by a bureaucracy that a one man spends 8 year's of his life, and has a mental breakdown trying to solve a mass murder case virtually by himself! the murder technique is clear, but a government unwilling to admit the truth let's a monster destroy dozens of lives. when i think my job is stressful, i merely remember the true story behind this wonder flick. the devotion to duty of the main character was masterfully portrayed by rea. the comic (and almost tragic at times) relationship between rea and the sutherland character made this one of my favorite movies of the last 5 years. the catching of one of the worst mass murderers in history had me on the edge of my seat. while not nearly as well advertised and talked about as "silence of the lamb's", the plot was just as suspenseful. rent or buy this movie today!

rea, sutherland, demunn, and von sydow (in a small role) are all brilliant in their performances. sutherland is particularly adept at this sort of role, where he must portray a character whose morality is, at first, uncertain to the audience. as is so often the case with sutherland's characters, we must ask "is he a villian [in this case, a minor one], or a hero?"this is a disturbing story, intelligently told, about the incompetence and fearful bureaucracy in the old soviet union that impeded the efforts of extremely competent people. as sutherland's character wryly notes, "the measure of a bureaucracy is its ability not to make special exceptions". the "committee meeting" (between rea and sutherland's characters) after perestroika is enforced, with its revelations, has enormous emotional impact. you can feel the suffering of the dedicated people who labored in that system.the handful of dramatic scenes portraying victims' family members adds emotional resonance to the impact of the story. this is seldom a feature of a film with this sickening subject matter, but effectively reminds us that the victims had lives, and were loved.this is a sad, but very important film, which deserved its showcase on canada's history television.

okay, let's start off by saying this film is not an exact rendition of the crimes and legal pursuit of andrei chikatilo. while it may have been "official policy" in the politburo that the ussr had no serial killers, in actuality the legal system had handled others, and "killer x" (as he was actually called) was already being sought when fetisov brought burakov onto the case. in fact, as soon as it was realized they had multiple murders on their hands, the authorities assigned a task force of dozens of officers to track down and end the killing spree of a man that did not fit into what is perceived as normal serial killer parameters. it's good the director and writers consistently remind the viewer that the story is only "based upon actual events," for a docudrama this ain't.***spoilers follow****that said, this is a damn good example of a fast-paced hollywood-style thriller that still gets across the basics of what happened. it is easy to follow and has just enough truth behind its version of events to make for compelling viewing. yes, chikatilo raped and murdered both children and adults, both male and female. yes, shoddy lab-work set him free to continue killing for years. yes, innocent men were accused of the murders and "confessed" to their crimes at police urging. yes, the gay community was harassed while the crimes were being committed (albeit with burakov's committed assistance). and yes, chikatilo was brought to confession not by the haranguing of the special prosecutor, gorbunov, but by the gentle understanding of a psychiatrist named bukhanovsky (though gorbunov was really nowhere near the egotistical martinet portrayed in this film). quibbles about truth and veracity aside, all of these events are dramatized in a manner that consistently tightens the tension and fear.it doesn't hurt that director and co-writer chris gerolmo has a pitch perfect cast. stephen rea's growing emotional involvement in the killings and developing expertise in detecting clues, donald sutherland's snarky manipulation of the soviet party hacks and subtle spine that becomes evident when it is needed, jeffrey demunn's seething undercurrent of rage hidden by a fear-filled demeanor, max von sydow's boyish excitement at being part of a criminal investigation all enhance the sharp dialog and crisp editing in ways that cannot be underestimated.taken for what it is, "citizen x" is almost pitch perfect (the "almost" due to one moment of self-congratulation at the end that just does not fit). highly recommended as fiction well-told, not fact being presented...but considering the junky "serial killer" movies that hollywood usually spits out, that's good enough for me.

a superb and compelling drama about the hunt for the notorious russian serial killer andrea chikatilo. magnificent performance from stephen rea as the forensic scientist put in charge of the investigation, who finds the biggest obstacle to his progress is the russian government, in particular the old communist party members who want to maintain a closed society.the film is has an underlying theme about the decline of the communist society, and progress in the hunt for the killer is reflected by progress in social and political change in russia, which is subtly put across. there is a conflict of old ways and new ways, and these are represented by the two viewpoints of rea's superior (played by donald sutherland), and rea himself . these are at first polarised, with sutherland 'high' in system looking down, and rea 'low' on the ground, looking up. however, they have a common cause – to catch the serial killer.throughout the film the relationship between these two develops, and the tension gradually eases until at the end of the movie rea and sutherland and rea and sutherland have mutual respect for each other, the killer is caught, and glasnost symbolically comes. excellent script.further credits go to sutherland's performance, which is superb and sympathetic, jeffrey demunn as the killer whom we despise but can't hate, and max von sydow, who is thoroughly convincing as the humble psychologist who risks his reputation to help.

caution: may contain spoilers...i've seen this movie 3 times & i've liked it every time. upon seeing it again, i'm always reminded of how good it is. an hbo tv movie- very well done like most of their movies are- this would've gotten oscars for it's performances had it been released for general distribution instead of made for tv.as i'm sure anyone knows from reading other reviews here, this is the story of serial murderer, andrei chikatilo. he murdered 56 people over 8 years in the former soviet union. (3 victims were buried & couldn't be found so he was only convicted of 52 out of 53 of his murders.) the story actually focuses more on the forensic analyst, victor burakov played to perfection by stephen rea. a man that becomes tortured and obsessed with finding this killer despite the additional obstacles placed by party hacks, his part is essential to be sure. there is a very touching scene towards the end of the movie that mentions how in america, investigators are routinely taken off serial killer cases after 18 months whether they want to or not due to the mental strain & frustration. according to this acct, burakov worked for over 5 years before getting his first break from it. he followed the case to its conclusion, 3 years later. in this scene, his superior, general fetisov, played by donald sutherland, actually tells him he admires his dedication and apologizes for not knowing he should've given him a break sooner.rea's performance is so well done, he doesn't overact, chew up the scenery or do anything that distracts from his portrayal of a man who is hell bent on finding his killer. he is a man with passion, but doesn't show it in the same manner as is so usually portrayed in detective movies. he only occasionally gives outbursts after quietly putting up with more than most could stand under such circumstances. rea does so much with his face, his eyes, he doesn't need to overact. he just *is* - his character, so frustrated after so long, at one point, driven to frustration, he actually says he'd rather find 3 at one time than none in a year. of course what he means is not that he wants more people to die, he just wants some clues to catch this man. rea makes us feel for this man. he makes us understand but a glimpse of what it is to live with such horror and futility.a mutant to be sure, chikatilo's childhood was one which produces such "monsters." the character of chikatilo is very well done by jeffrey demunn. he somehow (impossible though it may seem) elicits some modicum of sympathy for himself. perhaps he is the worst of us gone terribly wrong? either way, his performance is very well done.donald sutherland as colonel fetisov (later promoted to general) also does a great job. he starts out seeming to be a cynical worldly official that doesn't seem much more interested in helping the investigation than anyone else blocking burakov. but he eventually becomes more than just an assistant, he actually actively participates in helping burakov. there is also a very nice turn by max von sydow as the psychiatrist brought in to help profile and figure out what kind of deviant they are looking for.although this movie deals with a morbid, grotesque and violent story, it really is more about what it takes to catch a killer than the killer himself. all around a very well done movie with fine performances and a great screenplay. the screenplay manages to do what the best of this type of movie does: give factual events & place them meaningfully inside a dramatic framework that makes you feel like you know the people *behind* the facts.9 out of 10 stars

a surprisingly complex and well crafted study of "the first" serial killer in the ussr. set in the days of perestroika this intense piece is brought to full life with the performances of stephen reah and donald sutherland.this examination of cicatillo as a killer is well rounded and by hinting at some of his behaviors while out right showing others there is a subtlety that is compelling without being overtly graphic. not for the weak of heart however as it's subject matter is often disturbing but necessary to it's full development of the main participants in this fact based story.hbo has furnished us with an excellent film in an unusual manner. congrats to the director and editor of this great piece. it is in my top 10 must see list.

there i was sitting alone in my flat on a saturday night with the choice of watching citizen x or the eurovision song contest , and for the benefit of americans reading this i'll explain that tesc is an annual event where musicians from countries all over europe and asia minor have a song contest. at the end of the contest countries vote to see what the best song was . it's a contest that is even less exciting than it sounds and it may not come as a shock when i say that singing and songwriting isn't of the calibre of lennon and mccartney . and i should correct something in the first sentence of this review because the word " choice " is misleading because being a music lover i wasn't going to watch tesc under any circumstance.so i sat down as the credits rolled for citizen x expecting a run of mill serial killer whodunnit , but i'd be misleading everyone calling it that. it's obvious within the first 10 minutes of citizen x whodunnit . what the film does is point out the failures of communism : " a serial killer comrade ! this is the soviet union , serial killers can only exist in decadent imperialist capitalist systems " this farcical attitude goes far beyond denial , there's a scene where an undercover cop sits in a freezing train station keeping an eye out for potential suspects whilst wearing his police jacket because it's the only warm coat he's got ! and of course all suspects who are members of the communist party are released without interrogation something which will affect the final death toll . all this is very well done as we are shown that it's the communist party system that's on trial but about two thirds of the way through citizen x we find ourselves in 1990 as communism is on its last legs and reforms to the police investigation have taken place . it's at this point that the film becomes rather uninteresting due to a lack of political subtext and the film descends into an average manhunt film . but don't let that put you off , citizen x is an intelligent thriller well played by the cast especially donald sutherland as a paternal police chiefstrangely enough a few years ago i read something written by the famous criminologist colin wilson in which he said something along the lines that serial killers let themselves get caught so that they will be the center of attention in the media spotlight , and i found myself almost sympathising the party chiefs denying there could be a serial killer in the soviet union. after all media is controlled by the party and anyone who's old enough to have listened to radio moscow or read english translations of pravda will know that the ussr only reported news stories like potato harvests , coal production and thank you letters from afghanistan , cuba etc for soviet assistance . the concept of becoming a serial killer in a communist system is illogical . but i guess if a tree falls in a remote siberian forest it will still make a sound even though no one is around to hear it .

spoilers - in as far as i describe characters and their relation to the plot.this is a quality film. the subject matter is at once grim and gripping. the dogged determination of stephen rea's character, burakov, is simply captivating. with any due apologies to him, his hangdog, continually put-upon expression serves the character well. he is, as we in england would say of the inspector taggart tv series character, bound to be grim because he sees three murders a week. well, that's not strictly accurate as chikatila operated over a number of years...you get a real sense of the blankwall resistance of the ussr bureaucracy, brilliantly portrayed by joss ackland (who often seems made for this sort of role).a key character (and i write this as the remake of invasion of the body snatchers is being shown on bbc1) is the donald sutherland character "mikhail fetisov". his quiet support of burakov is steadfast. and it endures through perestroika, and drives the involvement of the fbi for profiling. brilliant.this is a must-see, as far as i am concerned.

this is a truly remarkable piece of cinematic achievement. from the very start i was utterly hooked into the (true) story when lt. viktor burakov (stephan rea) weeps while performing the autopsies on the remains of the children's bodies. this then is the compelling story of andrei chikatilo, wonderfully played by jeffrey demunn (the green mile). in fact, he plays it so well and so sympathetically that the viewer almost starts to pity him, until we remember what he is. the psychiatrist dr. alexandr bukhanovsky, wonderfully played by max von sydow was utterly believable in every detail, and the point he makes when talking about paranoia in the soviet union, is made all too apparent by the behaviour of the local communist commissar bondarchuk played by joss ackland. for me though, the outstanding performance was from donald sutherland, proving once again what a superb character actor he really is. i was almost in tears when he told burakov how the fbi had so closely followed and admired his work. this film puts silence of the lambs into the shade, from the atmospheric and bleak soviet landscape, to the superlative performances by everyone involved. i rate this film 10/10

"citizen x" tells the story of "the butcher of rostov", nickname for a heinous and perverse russian serial killer who claimed 52 lives from 1978-92. the film focuses on the novice detective (rea) who doggedly pursued the killer against all odds in the face of an uncooperative bureaucracy in self-serving and convenient denial. an hbo product for t.v., the film offers a solid cast, good performances, spares the audience much of the grisly details, but plays out like a docudrama sans the stylistics of similar hollywood fare. an even and straight-forward dramatization of a serious and comparatively little known story more interesting than "jack the ripper". (b)

here's an oddity: a modern-day film about a serial killer that has no fight scenes, nobody seen dying, no car chases and no loud noises.....and it takes place in russia. there are only two short action scenes but they are horrific.the rest of the story is detective work, and how much red tape the poor detective had to go through to solve the murders. this is a very somber movie, and "somber" best describes the personality of the hero (stephen rea), as well. yet, the story is not depressing and it's very interesting all the way through.rea is outstanding as the determined, harried-looked detective. jeffrey demunn is downright scary as the killer. donald sutherland's russian accent is suspect but he plays the only character in this film that has some warmth.once again, the story is dotted with liberal agendas, here and there, with not one but two references to bias against gays, the total validity of secular psychology, police and government officials being boorish/crude/bigoted, yadda, yadda, yadda. otherwise, it's an intelligent and refreshingly low-key crime film. this is a somewhat unique film that probably is not well-known but is well-liked by the people who have seen it. since it's based on a true-life account of this killer, it's all the more chilling. don't pass this by just because you haven't anything about it.

there are some excellent comments and observations on this film. i was pleased to note the comparisons to fritz lang's "m" (forget the 50's abortive remake with lightweight david wayne). the real villain is not the tortured murderer (extraordinarily fine performance by jeffery demunn), taking out his sexually frustrated anger on his victims-- mostly children. he is the objective. the real villain is the stifling bureaucratic soviet system, drowning in its own corrupted incompetence. the frustration of an uncompromisingly dedicated man (rea in his best role since "the crying game"), a facile pragmatist who's willing to use the system to his advantage (sutherland always successful in this kind of role), a hesitant, frightened but determined psychiatrist (the incomparable max sydow), the bumbling, boopous bureaucrat of a prosecutor (brilliant brit actor john wood) and the quiet, supporting wife of the driven investigator (delightful supporter, imelda staunton). this is one damn fine film. its darkness and bleakness are supported by the portrayal of a corrupt, incompetent system which works against success. the is no need to dip into gore-laden slice 'n dice sensationalism that has characterized so many recent films. gore is present-- it's a ghastly story-- but it adds to the depicting of a pathologically twisted human being. the success of the story is precisely that: these were acts perpetrated by a person, a human like you or i. where you and i choose to vent our frustration by reasonable means, chikatilo took his anger out on the most innocent and vulnerable of us, our children. the superb premise of this story is made manifest by an equally superb cast of excellent actors. --sadly, i note that our australian friend didn't like the speech and no doubt would have preferred to hear them speaking in aussie dialect. well, too bad. this fine film sure worked for me and everyone else i've talked with who has seen it.

this movie tells an amazing story with history and compassion. from the careful descriptions of the crime scenes to the mental health of the lead investigator, you'll be entranced. it's an absolute must-see for anyone interested in criminology. interpol relations and how the agencies work together are also great. not overly done either. i recommend it for anyone interested in russian history, too. how the police work with the political party being what it was... it is truly fascinating and frustrating. the settings are beautiful. it's been a while since i saw this movie the first time. it doesn't diminish it's impact. not overly dramatic or graphic, it leaves enough to the imagination, well, you'll see.

this has to be one the best movies about serial killers that i've ever seen, and this is coming from someone who absolutely loved silence of the lambs. hbo has hit the jackpot here. this film is compelling from the first moment until the last.this film has so many underlying themes its hard to tell exactly what it is about. it chronicles the decade-long search for the russian serial killer andrea chikatilo. stephen rea gives a brilliantly reserved performance as the inexperienced forensic expert who is put in charge of the investigation, and donald sutherland gives an even more involving performance as his cynical superior, and the only person in the russian government willing to help him. both of their performances are subtle masterpieces---rea begins naive and unwilling to compromise, while sutherland begins detached and almost amused by the situation. towards the end, rea becomes more world-weary and beaten by the system, while sutherland finds himself more passionate and idealistic.in any other movie, i would have said that sutherland's performance stands out above the rest, but here even it is rivaled by jeffrey dumann, as the serial killer himself. dumann brilliantly creates a character here who inspires empathy rather than the hatred we think we would find---he is a monster, but he doesn't want to be, and we get the idea that he is just as disgusted with what he does as we are. he is tortured, ashamed, but vicious as well.if you can take the incredibly dark subject matter, (and it is *very* disturbing), then you should see this movie.

citizen x tells the story of andrei chikatilo, the ripper of rostov, who killed 52 people in 8 years time, mainly women and children. it shows how the investigation was obstructed by soviet bureaucracy, how hard it was to investigate the crimes. it does the job in such a brilliant way that it will leave no-one untouched. in the beginning it's perhaps a little bit slow of pace, but it really grabs you as the story unfolds. i can only say that, next to "the silence of the lambs", this is by far the best movie about a serial killer i've ever seen. it is very hard to say which actor's performance stands out above the rest in this movie. stephen rea is really brilliant as the inexperienced forensic expert who is put in charge of the investigation. donald sutherland's performance as his cynical superior, and the only person in the russian government willing to help him, is as outstanding as rea's. and what to say about jeffrey dumann, playing the serial killer? dumann brilliantly created a character who inspires empathy rather than hatred. yes, he is a monster, but he is also a sad figure, oppressed and ridiculed by his wife, his boss, his co-workers... he is tortured, ashamed, as well as extremely vicious.i can only recommend this movie to everybody who's interested in a well-made docu-drama, where the actors are still more important than the special effects. it deserves at least a 9/10, perhaps even more if you ask me.

i remember following the case of andre chicatillo in the newspapers while i was living in south africa. they had photos of him sitting in his cage while being prosecuted in court. not, as it turned out, to protect the court members, but to protect him from the public. this was fascinating, albeit morbid, reading. i later heard that a film had been made by hbo about the case, but it was made for american tv. bummed! strangely, citizen x got a limited cinematic release in south africa. i charged down to the local ster kinekor complex and duly bought a ticket (i was alone; my girlfriend at the time was only interested in the likes of steel magnolias and fried green tomatoes). wow! what a brilliant film. why wasn't it released to a wider audience? had it not been made for tv, it could have got an oscar nomination or 2. there is no way to spoil the ending; who the killer is is never kept from the audience. jeffrey demunn portrays a truly terrifying psycho. he is calm, downtrodden, considered a failure by his wife and subjected to constant ridicule and humiliation by his superiors at work. by committing these horrendous acts, he gets to feel strong, powerful.fighting to catch him against all odds is a pathologist, played to excellent turn by stephen rea, in one of his strongest performances. he must battle the snail-pace of russian bureaucracy, the primitive resources he has at his disposal and (above all) the refusal by his superiors to acknowledge that the ussr even has a serial killer. the general in charge (joss ackland) says that serial killers are "a decadent, western phenomenon". only donald sutherland is willing to help, but his help must be under the counter. the ever-brilliant max von sydow plays a russian psychiatrist who breaks protocol and decides to help the investigators in their quest. it is the first time in russian history that a shrink is used to build a profile of a serial killer still on the loose, and he has everything to lose if his involvement is made public.citizen x is brilliantly acted, well written and the music and editing only add to the tension and theme of the film. excellent support from a horribly underused imelda staunton and a real sense of impending doom make citizen x a film worth seeing. this was too good to be made for tv

not the most successful television project john cleese ever did, "strange case" has the feel of a first draft that was rushed into production before any revisions could be made. there are some silly ideas throughout and even a few clever ones, but the story as a whole unfortunately doesn't add up to much.arthur lowe is a hoot, though, as dr. watson, bionic bits and all. "good lord."

it has been so many years since i saw this but i do feel compelled to defend this gem against those who lambast it.it is interesting and unusual to observe the diversity of opinion here. that is what humour does i suppose. it is subjective. it either charges through your funny bone at 60,000 volts or it leaves you cold and wondering why you gave it the time.this show has some of britain's best comic actors put together in a story that is silly and irreverent and the outcome is hilarious. the dialogue and visual comedy is beautifully delivered and the two leads (cleese and lowe) are superb together. this was made for them.i can't really say anymore other than to implore you to find this and watch it. you won't be disappointed and in a world devoid of genteel humour, this is a classic inane and harmless piece of comedic brilliance.

i'm not a john cleese completist (although i thought "fawlty towers was brilliant), but i am a fan, and when i saw this sitting, neglected, on a shelf at my local blockbuster, i decided to give it a try. what i got was a wonderful surprise, and one of the funniest 50 minute viewing experiences i've ever had. the writing is typical english "goon show" schtick. in fact, as an audio skit, this wouldn't be out of place on a "firesign theater" album. but the execution and timing is spot on and this elevates "strange case" into the kind of jaw-dropping performance that can create lifelong british comedy fanatics. the brits have a gift for combining broadly satirical lampoons with closely observed "tics" of character and timing, and the creators use both to good effect here. cleese's portrayal of "holmes" seems to owe much to the arkin's and seller's "inspector clouseau"; however cleese has such a knack for physical comedy that he more than holds his own. but the unexpected treat here is arthur lowe, who plays "watson" as an genial but invincibly uncomprehending imbecile with such superb timing and delivery that he becomes the best aspect of the film. i'd never heard of lowe before this (his background seems to be vaudeville and musical theater), but he justifies his entire career with this performance as far as i'm concerned.some people might not care for "strange case...", especially if british whimsy isn't their "cuppa tea". but i am extremely glad i got to see this before it vanished from sight.

if you enjoy cleese & all the british 'pythonesque' humour of the time, then this little gem is absolutely hilarious.arthur lowe is a real treat!i saw this with friends on tv when it first came out, and its classic quotes have formed a part of our jokes for 30 years, and will do forever! i have it on tape and it is continually appreciated.perhaps some reviewers are taking it too seriously.i can't believe it is now only available in the us (ntsc of course), and not in uk, where it should be an essential part of the history of british humour!!

you can do a lot with a little cash. blair witch proved that. this film supports it. it is no more than a sitcom in length and complexity. however, because it has john cleese as sherlock holmes it manages to be hilarious even on a budget that couldn't afford a shoestring. the highlight of this film is arthur lowe as the sincere, bumbling watson, his dimness and slowness foils cleese's quick-tempered wit. if you ever run across the film watch it for a quirky laugh or two.

i was on france, around march 05, and i love to go to this film festivals. i knew about this cinémas d'amérique latine de toulouse, but i've never went to it. i decided to go and then i caught cero y van 4. the film is stunning. it doesn't caused the impact on me like with the mexican users, because it was french-subtitled but it's still shocking.this film is a satire about urban violence, about kidnapping and crime on the streets in mexico. it is a crude portrait of the city. of a metropolis. secuestro express, with a stunning mia maestro, which was also a satire of kidnapping, almost, but with a more serious tone has, and i think so, some kinda connection with cero y van 4. a, sort of, redemption story and that how much is too much? man on fire, that was stunningly strong, was also, not a satire, but a crude portrait into the streets of mexico. or it is like the brave one. a film that shocks and hits you in the guts very hard. this is like the usual suspects, it has some plot twists and turns, but that makes it even more believable. verdict: a film that shocks and makes you believe that there's no security on the streets anymore. stunning dialogue, impressive direction and astonishing performances. cero y van 4 is a film that you won't forget soon. leaves you shaking and stunned.

this movie, even though is about one of the most favorite topics of mexican producers producers: the extreme life in our cities, has a funny way to put it on the screen. four of the more important mexican directors, of the last times, approach histories of our city framed in diverse literary sorts as it can be the farce or the satire, which gives us a film with a over exposed topic in our country, but narrated in a very different way which gives a freshness tone him. with actors little known, but that interprets of excellent way their paper, each one of the directors reflect in the stories the capacity by we have been identified anywhere in the world, that capacity of laugh the pains and to make celebration of the sadness. perhaps to many people in our country the film not have pleased, but i consider that people of other countries could find attractive and share the surrealism of the mexican.

i can give you four reasons to see this movie:1. four of the best filmmakers in the contemporary mexican cinema.2. four good stories, related into a big scheme.3. a surprisingly good cast.4. a bitter reflexion about the biggest trouble in this country (and many others).(possible spoilers)alejandro gamboa opens this movie with a good story in a comedic mood about the authority practicing the extortion against regular people and still expecting to be appreciated by its efforts. then antonio serrano gets more dramatic in the second piece with a story heir to the italian neorealism with a "peter and the wolf"-like anecdote.in the third story, the one that seems more independent from this series even in the context, carlos carrera tells us the story of a man being at the wrong place in the wrong moment. but after the recent lynching at tlahuac and the tradition in this awful matter at the state of mexico, this story couldn't be more updated.and at the end, fernando sariñana returns to the dark humor in the "grand finale" in which he puts together the most of the characters from the past sequences in one of the better comedy pieces ever filmed. reprising the center scene from one of his previous films "todo el poder", sariñana gives the final lesson of the theme. and by the way, give us the scene that steals the movie with anna ciochetti making a brief striptease.once the movie has ended, you get a bittersweet feeling about having looked at a good movie (and maybe enjoyed it) with a very painful subject. they say that in mexico people laugh at their own disgrace and this is the best example. this film is a testimony of how mexicans have learn to live in the middle of a crime state(and perhaps accepted it), between two fires: the criminals and the so-called authorities full of corruption. even this movie is a wishful thinking because almost all the good people have been a victim of crime and they don't get this unhurt. if you had an assault without a scratch then you're lucky. meanwhile, don't lose the chance to see this movie, highly recommended.and it's a beautiful life in mexico...

there are people claiming this is another "bad language" ultra violence mexican movie. they are right, but more than that this film is a call to create awareness of what we have become. the awful truth hurts, or bores when you already have accepted the paradigm of living the third world as the only possible goal. one of the most important things of "cero y van cuatro" is the open invitation to profound reflexion over our current identity. is that what we all are? is that all that we want to be? i am abroad and i realized how spoiled is the mexican society when the tlahuac incident came to light. i still cannot understand viewers witnessing a mass broadcasted murder. i nearly puked when i saw some of the images. it was not irak or rwanda, just a tiny village near mexico city when rampage was carried out with the indulgence of media and government. the recreation of a similar situation in this film shocked me deeply. the other stories were good portraying other situations of corruption, dishonesty, betrayal and violence, but i consider "tamales de chivo" the best one.the movie is deeper than some "cabrón" and "pendejo" screams. those are meaningless compared with the actions of the people. with a few exceptions they are all perfect examples of human rubbish. just like in real life honesty is becoming more the exception than the rule in our country. moreover, honesty is only rewarded miraculously.

icy and lethal ace hit-man tony arzenta (a divinely smooth and commanding performance by alain delon) wants to quit the assassination business, but the dangerous mobsters he works for won't let him. after his wife and child are killed, arzenta declares open season on everyone responsible for their deaths. director duccio tessari relates the absorbing story at a constant snappy pace, maintains a properly serious and no-nonsense tone throughout, stages the stirring shoot-outs and exciting car chases with considerable rip-snorting brio, and punctuates the narrative with jolting outbursts of explosive bloody violence. delon's suave and charismatic presence adds extra class to the already engrossing proceedings. this film further benefits from sterling acting by a bang-up cast, with praiseworthy contributions by richard conte as wise mafia kingpin nick gusto, carla gravini as arzenta's supportive lady friend sandra, marc porel as arzenta's loyal pal domenico maggio, anton diffring as ruthless, calculating capo grunwald, and lino troisi as the venomous gangster rocco cutitta. silvano ippoliti's glossy cinematography boasts several graceful pans. gianni ferrio's funky score hits the get-down groovy spot. erika blanc and rosalba neri pop up briefly in nifty bit parts. better still, there's no filler to speak of and we even get a decent dab of tasty gratuitous female nudity. the startling conclusion packs a mean and lingering wallop right to the gut. a solid and satisfying winner.

alain delon visits swift, sure vengeance on the ruthless crime family that employed him as a hit-man in the duccio tessari thriller "big guns" after they accidentally murder his wife and child. tessari and scenarists roberto gandus, ugo liberatore of "a minute to pray, a second to die," and franco verucci of "ring of death" take this actioneer about a career gunman for the mob right down to the wire. indeed, "big guns" is rather predictable, but it still qualifies as solid entertainment with lots of savage and often sudden killings. alain delon of "the godson" is appropriately laconic as he methodically deals out death to the heads of the mob families who refused to let him retire so that he could enjoy life with his young son and daughter. richard conte of "the godfather" plays a sicilian crime boss who wants to bury the hatchet with the delon character, but the rest of his hard-nosed associates want the hit-man dead. like most crime thrillers in the 1960s and 1970s, "big guns" subscribes to the cinematic morality that crime does not pay. interestingly, the one man who has nothing to do with the murder of the wife and son of the hero survives while another betrays the hero with extreme prejudice. tessari does not waste a second in this 90-minute shoot'em up. apart from the mother and son dying in a car bomb meant for the father, the worst thing that takes place occurs in an automobile salvage yard when an associate of the hero is crushed in a junked car. ostensibly, "big guns" is a rather bloodless outing, but it does have a high body count for a 1973 mobster melodrama. only at the last minute does our protagonist let his guard down and so the contrived morality of an eye for an eye remains intact. tessari stages a couple of decent car chases and the death of a don in a train traveling through a train tunnel is as bloody as this violent yarn gets. the photography and the compositions are excellent.

tony arzenta, a sicilian hit-man or professional killer, decides to leave the business, and his former employers do not agree.in terms of content, this highly enjoyable action movie doesn't have one; in terms of sheer amusement, it is fun—it is very melodramatic, violent, quite brutal, the car chases are notable. "arzenta" is an unpretentious ,yet very likable film—much better than the current hollywoodian trash that gets the same label. it comes from delon's rather short flirting with the italian b cinema of the '70s. it carefully uses delon's tough guy persona, belonging to the gallery of bad-ass thugs that he made in his youth. i enjoyed very much the fact that delon made this film, that he had a role in a good eurocrime flick.the score is very fine, with a good introductory song—making felt that gusto that the italians had for the film considered as a synthetic work,where the musical art has an important part.in tony arzenta/ big guns/ no way out the very appealing erika blanc (31 years in '73) appears as an unnamed hooker.meanwhile, arzenta's girlfriend, sandra,is played by carla gravina (a starlet that practically left the movies after '75)."arzenta" is interestingly filmed—an ambitious visual conception, some expressionistic peculiar angles. the movie was directed by the prolific duccio tessari,the one who made also zorro (the delon comedy).needless to mention that these two films,tony arzenta (1973) and zorro ,are very unlike.the first one is a bloody melodramatic violent action movie--the second is a lighthearted comedy,more kindred to a spoof,though remarkably coherent and skilfully made.duccio tessari directed films like kiss kiss... bang bang (1966),sons of satan ,the bloodstained butterfly ,¡viva la muerte... tua! ,tough guys (1974),safari express (1976) ,etc..

stylish, moody, innovative revenge-driven bloodbath. also cheesy, of course, and sporadically very cheesy. it reminded me a lot of the big heat because it has the revenge plot set off by the exact same event, and the girl comes around to the good guy's side because of the same bad behavior by the bad guy. it's sad there's no gloria grahame but so fantastic that it's alain delon and not glenn ford. could there be anyone as beautiful as alain going around in a cashmere sweater and trenchcoat? yet he's totally tough and icy cool. no one nowadays can touch him--though someone like jude law could try i guess. hard for any girl to look good with him. the music was funky and perfect and there were several excellent car chases (and those aren't generally my cup of tea)--especially one willy nilly one in the woods. people also met their dooms in creative and bloody fashion, for instance in a junkyard cruncher. but beyond the cheese, the overall atmosphere was affecting and expertly pulled off. more creativity, excitement and freshness in that "forgotten" movie than most of what i've seen lately.

after seeing dick tracy in the 6.99$ bin at future shop i decided to give it a go with no previous knowledge and being a big fan of mafia and crime movies. i was very surprised to see a very fun, smart entertaining movie with solid performances throughout. the movie moves along well, it has of course another solid performance from warren beatty, but the real standouts of the film are al pacino and madonna. i was happy to find out that pacino was nominated for his performance as an over the top gangster trying to take down the city. madonna was great as the damsel in distress, she really impressed me and added depth to her performance. if you go in with the attitude of wanting to watch a fun, smart movie with great acting and a solid script then give dick tracy a try. i don't think you will be disappointed. and watch for the cameos from paul sorvino, james caan, kathy bates and dustin hoffman among others.

at one end of the eighties warren beatty created and starred in the literate epic reds about the founding of the soviet union as seen through the eyes of iconoclast radical john reed. it was a profound film both entertaining and with a message presented by an all star cast. at the end of the decade warren beatty created another kind of epic in dick tracy that makes no pretense to being anything other than entertainment with a whole bunch of the best actors around just having a great old time hamming it up under tons of makeup.that both reds and dick tracy could come from the same individual speaks volumes about the range this man has as a player. in this film beatty managed to get all the famous cartoon characters from the strip and put them in one original screenplay.the city's top mobster big boy caprice is making a move to really eliminate competition. the film opens with him rubbing out lips manlis's henchmen in a valentine massacre style shooting and then lips himself being fitted for a cement overcoat. but caprice's moves are making him a target for tracy.in the meantime a third mysterious and faceless individual is looking to topple caprice himself. will our hero sort out this thicket of crime?the spirit of fun this film has is truly infectious. when people like al pacino, dustin hoffman, paul sorvino, william forsythe, r.g. armstrong get themselves outrageously made-up to look like the cartoon creations of strip author chester gould and then indulge in an exercise of carving the biggest slice of ham, you've got to love this film.al pacino got a nomination for best supporting actor, but any of these guys could have, it's only that pacino as big boy caprice gets the most screen time. only beatty plays it completely straight, the others all seem to play off of him. dick tracy won oscars for best art&set design, best song written by stephen sondheim and introduced by madonna, sooner or later. the fact he was even able to get somebody like sondheim to write a score for this film only shows sondheim wanted to get in on the fun. as for madonna, the material girl does more than hold her own with all these acting heavyweights as club torch singer breathless mahoney.before this film, dick tracy movies were consigned to the b pictures and worse as saturday afternoon serials. the only thing that rivals this all star extravaganza is a radio broadcast done for armed forces radio during world war ii that got to vinyl. can you believe a cast like bing crosby, bob hope, frank sinatra, dinah shore, jimmy durante, judy garland, frank morgan, and the andrews sisters? try and find a recording of that gem.until then warren beatty's classic comic strip for the big screen will do nicely.

dick tracy wasn't the best for many comic book fans, because they wanted something with blood like batman. dick tracy plays the innocence of just being a comic book with villains that have severe appearance disorder and being fun. warren beatty directs and stars as the main character that fights crime without even using super powers. i have liked dick tracy since i was a child because of the comic atmosphere of the main colors: red, blue, orange, yellow, green and black. this is the perfect film for anybody to watch with their children. al pacino is like the jack nicholson in batman and plays big boy caprice with zest. madonna as the babe who is the second villain in this film doesn't play the same boy toy she represents. like i said, no blood, obscenities, sexually innuendo or anything to offend anybody.

i still liked it though. warren beatty is only fair as the comic book hero. what saves this movie is the set, the incredible cast and it offshoots a mediocre script. i really expected something more substantial in the terms of action, or plot but i got very little. the main reason to watch this movie is to watch some of the biggest stars in hollywood at the time in such an unusual film. the one person who did a terrible job and did not even belong in this film was madonna. she did not belong in this movie and her acting job was pretty bad. the movie at some points just stood still. you expected something more and you got nothing. al pacino plays a really bad dude and he does pretty good. he and beatty do make an excellent good guy and bad guy. it is also interesting to see dustin hoffman, and warren beatty in a film other than isthar. i did not see ishtar but i heard bad things. the thing about this movie is it is good, but it could have been so much better. i liked it as a child because i thought it looked cool, and visually the movie is amazing, the sets are incredible, the writing is only fair, and with such a cast in the movie i would expect a little better anyway. spoileri especially thought the finale was not big enough. it was interesting but for such a grand scale film i just thought it could have ended with a little more of a bang. the reason to watch this movie is the atmosphere. the movie only uses the 7 comic book colors making it all that more excellent visually anyway.the costumes and makeup were flawless as well. the facial makeup for the villains was great. beatty is just not up to such a bigger than life character. still, this is a good movie that could have been much much more. it is to me better than batman, the other comic book adaptation that came out close to the same time. of course that movie was much bigger in terms of gross.

dick tracy was originally a comic book created in 1931 by chester gould. he is a plainclothes detective who tracks down a crew of villains, ranging from all types of visually original characters such as flattop to the blank to big boy caprice. (these villains became so popular in the 40's that warner bros. created their own take on the tracy-style villains in such cartoons as daffy duck) tracy's comics were known for their liberal use of gunplay and the up-to-date technology advances (notably the wristwatch communicator), which got their fair share of screen time on this excellent movie. the music was done wonderfully by danny elfman, and the original songs by madonna were interesting, but they were not the high point for her career. it's weird because as you watch the film and see the suspenseful moments, the film feels so much like batman because of elfman's memorable sound to his pieces.i love the tough-talking kid, pacino's acting as big boy caprice (and that chin!), madonna's take on villainy, and the cinematography and directing were impeccable. this film was very professionally made and features tons of great actors who were known as great actors for a while before this film was made (warren beatty, al pacino, william forsythe, dustin hoffman, kathy bates, mandy patinkin, catherine o'hara, dick van dyke). the film was directed by beatty himself, which was interesting. it is almost like beatty saw himself as tracy in a past life or something because he really fit the part.i had to give this film an 8/10 for everything that it brought to cinema that got overlooked (for whatever reason). there have been tons of misunderstandings over the rating of this movie on imdb, and i still don't understand why. the characters were completely original and vibrant, as was the style of the sets, wardrobe, lighting, and everything in this film. go buy it today. you will not be sorry.

this movies is the best movie to watch for comic book feel. the sets, costumes and the color are just so vivid it is just like stepping into a comic book. this is the movie i think of when the mob is mentioned, the suits, the hats and the attitudes.hoffman gives comic relief as mumbles and you can't help but feel sorry for madonna as she tries, and fails, to win tracy over. this movie contains all the classic mob clichés - burying people in concrete, blowing up peoples cars, tieing up the good guy and attempting to blow up his girlfriends house.this movie is a classic in ever sense of the word, even camera angels cry out comic book. its so great to be able to go back to an older movie and see that someone knew how a comic should be made into a movie after seeing such mistakes as spawn and the hulk. !!!you have to see this movie!!!!

love it or loathe it, it's hard to not find warren beatty's take on "dick tracy," the 1990 film adaptation of chester gould's famous comic strip, anything short of a genre classic. superhero films have been coming out of the woodwork in recent years, and may soon become a genre all on its own.beatty's film liberally uses gould's source material to full effect, shooting in all six of the strip's primary colors, and thus giving this unique yet familiar world of trigger-happy mutant gangsters and loose, seductive women a lush visual style and tone.it can be stated that the film's strong visual aesthetics drastically short-change the characters and their acting abilities, which i don't think can be any further from the truth."dick tracy" relishes in its look and ghastly characters, and beatty himself, who plays the dogged and incorruptible detective of the title, is appropriately stoic and ready to bust the bad guys at any and all costs.other than the visual treats and oscar-winning makeup, there is a plot, and big boy caprice (al pacino, deliciously over-the-top in an oscar-nominated performance), seeks to eliminate tracy in one well-planned move, but also seeks to gain control of all criminal action in the city by uniting all the feuding gangs under him.tracy, meanwhile, is juggling his relationship with tess trueheart (glenne headly), who as her name would have it, remains faithfully by his side and cares for the kid (charlie korsmo), who eventually finds a father figure to look up to in our crime-busting hero. tracy's fidelity to tess is tested by the tempting advances of breathless mahoney (madonna), who is also big boy's main squeeze. at the same time that all of this is going down, things become heated when a new criminal figure arrives in town, and decides to play both sides against the middle.the performances are good, as beatty's focus on the strained and romantic relationships between each of the leads becomes the center of the material, as opposed to just concentrating on pointless action and special effects. pacino freely chews up the scenery in a role that's truly standout from the rest."dick tracy" is one of the best and most overlooked of the comic book movie genre. i think that if chester gould was still alive, he would be proud of warren beatty's take on his beloved crime-fighting detective.8/10

usually, when we use the word "escapist", we mean it negatively; warren beatty's big screen version of "dick tracy" proves that "escapist" can be good. this is truly one entertaining movie. as the eponymous, yellow-clad, fearless title character, beatty creates a detective to whom we can all relate: ready for action, but not without his weaknesses.from there, the rest of characters are almost a world unto themselves. tess truehart (glenne headly) is as glamorous as one would expect the hubby of any crime fighter to be; breathless mahoney (madonna) is possibly the most perplexing person imaginable; big boy caprice (al pacino) is the average villain: ruthless but cool. other characters include the speech-challenged mumbles (dustin hoffman), the over-musical 88 keys (mandy patinkin), and the kid (charlie korsmo). charles durning, james caan, dick van dyke, estelle parsons, catherine o'hara, seymour cassel, paul sorvino and kathy bates also star.oh, wait a minute. i haven't even explained the plot! the plot involves tracy trying - and failing so far - to find some way to nab big boy. simultaneously, some very bizarre events have been going on in town, the answers to which may or may not be closer than everyone thinks.of course, the main thing about this movie is that it's fun to watch. if warren beatty was having trouble acting his age, then he made good use of that here. "dick tracy" is one cool movie.

at the time i am writing this i see out of over 15,000 votes it has a 5.8 rating. something is wrong with that picture. personally i give it a 10. i can see a 7 at the lowest or a possible 8 if it was rated by people that see this movie for what it truly is. it is a movie based on a comic book hero. this movie won more than it's share of awards. won 3 oscars. another 5 wins & 26 nominations .... right there tells me it's better than a 5.8. some great acting from some very good actors, some great special effects and in my opinion will be if not already a classic for years to come. if you're looking for pure entertainment be sure to check out dick tracy. definitely a movie you can watch more than a few times. al pacino is great as big boy caprice.

that was great fun! i never read those chester-gould-comics but it's not necessary to know them. maybe there were some inside jokes i didn't figure out but what the eye doesn't see the heart cannot grieve over. this is such an ironic, colourful film and the actors are good-humoured all together. the setting is similar to that in the „batman` movies, but not as dark and grey. okay, the story is not so original but there is a plot (which is not self-evident) and a more or less surprising ending.with this movie, you could play an interesting game, if you watch it with friends. don't watch the credits at the beginning and then look who's the fastest to find out who are the famous actors under their make-up!

i saw dick tracy when i was very young. i didn't know who any of the actors were, and i didn't know the movie would turn out different than the way it was previewed. i sure loved it though.warren beatty stars as the crime-fighting 1930's detective dick tracy who goes after the biggest mob bosses in the city. this time, big boy caprice (al pacino) has killed a very powerful man and is out to take over the city with his singer girlfriend breathless mahoney (madonna) who has her eye on tracy. it becomes even worse because a new criminal is invading and the worst part is: this criminal has no face. he or she is very unknown. plus, the famous villians are back from the comic book collection.i thought that this movie was very colorful and creative. it was entertaining and fun to watch especially as a child. warren beaty was just like james bond of the 1930's the way he played dick tracy.an ensemble cast of the film includes: charlie korsmo, glenn headly, william forsythe, dustin hoffman, james caan, ed o' ross, tommy lee jones, mandy patinkin, charles durning. plus more!dick tracy is a movie for all ages and is a fun movie for a family to enjoy. take my word for it.

most successful comic book movies usually depend on having villains that are bigger than life, ready to jump off the screen and strangle you alive with a smile or a demented line or two of dialog. the tim burton batmans had it, as did (in an even more grotesque manner) sin city. with dick tracy producer/director/star warren beatty piles on the villains until it becomes part of the framework. like a boisterous homage to 1930s gangster pictures- only this time meant for kids as opposed to the darker bonnie and clyde- dick tracy is filled, joyfully, with archetypes and bright, primary colors, where the criminals carry tommy guns and are formed on their faces to shape their personalities. villains like the stooge, shoulders, lips, the brow, mumbles, the blank, pruneface, spud. chester gould gave the names to his characters that fit their profiles, and gave his hero a jaw that could cut glass. the film is a continuation of sight gags that are perfectly taken seriously.if, at the time, movies like batman and (underrated) teenage mutant ninja turtles were darker depictions of reality within a comic-book outline, dick tracy is more 'old-school'. it's a story of cops and crooks, or rather a cop, detective tracy as he tries to bust big boy (al pacino, in what is arguably his biggest performance to date, and in a sense the one that makes sense for his grandiose style), but with no such luck. there's also a little kid, called simply the kid (charlie korsmo, who somehow brings more spunk to this little kid than would've been imagined), and tracy's love interest in tess. and then there's the nightclub 'dame' (madonna, who probably doesn't give any kind of great acting performance, but maybe that suits the role fine, and she sings excellently when called upon), who wont testify unless tracy admits feelings he doesn't have for her. then there's convoluted dealings with taking tracy down, and a mysterious masked figure with a scraggly voice.meantime, as if doing an impersonation of a howard hawks film in a splash of visual effects and bigger explosions, dick tracy adds on the wink-and-nod comedy and the action like its syrup on a tall stack of pancakes. it's a wonder to look at this world, which is created in ways that have a fascination to them that had they been done today would just be simply by proxy of computers (i.e. sin city, which can be justifiably compared to beatty's film). we're driven through this world in great big shots and then thrust in the plot line, or whatever there is of it, in big editing montages with camera angles that seem to come out of those little tilted panels in the comics of old. i'm almost reminded of the cotton club during these sequences, as story, music, detail, and a few big punches and gun-shots go a long way to revealing what needs to be said, which, actually, isn't more than it needs to. and there's a heap-load of catchy dialog from the script (one of my favorites: "the enemy of my enemy is... my enemy", plus any of pacino's references to other figures in quotes).revisiting this after seeing it for the first time in the movie theater (and only remembering little bits), dick tracy is a hard-boiled fantasy to the finest degree. it's filled with good cheer for the kids, and with some pretty good action squared away without some of the more sinister intent of its cousin comic-book movies (i.e. pg-13 fare), and for the adults its throw-back central done with panache and a solid feeling for the unsubtle. even dustin hoffman hams it up, and he barely says an audible word!

just picked this up on dvd and watched it again. i love the bright colors vs. dark imagery. not a big beatty fan, but this is an excellent popcorn movie. pacino is astounding, as always, and well, this movie marked the period where madonna was her absolute sexiest. i wish she had stuck with the "breathless" look for a while longer. charlie korsmo's first really big role, other than "what about bob?". the makeup effects were cutting edge then and still hold up for the most part. beautiful scenery and mood transport you directly into a comic strip environment. the cars, wardrobe, buildings, and even the streetlights et a great tone, not to mention the perfect lighting, although the scenes with a lot of red can get a tad annoying, as it tends to blur a little. just wish beatty had gotten the chance to make a sequel. all in all, a fun few hours.

heh, if i tell you to compare the dark knight with some 18-years-old comics-adapted movie rated 5.9, will you call me crazy? that's just to catch your attention. everyday i meet people complaining there are no good movies, who seem to only know the recent blockbusters. it's never a bad thing to search and explore old movies, especially those with good artistic values. dick tracy is one of those can't be easily outdated, in terms of technology.the negative reviews mainly complained about dt's "messed up" story. but it appears to me that the storyline is quite clear, and i had no problem following it. i didn't see the comic books, yet i am not a huge us comic fan, but i appreciate the top-notch film-making and performances. maybe the expectations of most people were too high about the story it would tell. but, if you see a movie casting madonna and warren beatty together, what would you expect. i had some scratches on my head, and can't help but wonder, did we really see the same movie? the title role, although not as competent as it sounds, still was able to pull him up and charm the audiences. madonna was more express-less than "breathless" in her seductive role, but added a lot of fun to the story. al pacino was funny and prodigy to himself. apparently he's bold enough to go sarcastic on his previously successful roles. we can see a hybrid of scarface, michael corleone, adolf hitler and robert de niro punching our stomaches to make us laugh. and many thanks to make-ups.to me it's not bad at all. the surreal feeling really got me.

the opening credits make for a brilliant, atmospheric piece of escapist entertainment that's full of little nods to the comic strip. all the good guys are good, all the bad guys are bad, and the film is jam-packed with familiar character actors covered in gruesom make-up to hi-lite their characteristics.warren beatty, as dick tracy, is the ultimate tough guy straight man, incorruptable, calm usually, always a better fighter than the other guy, and rarely one to push the limit on legality. al pacino, as "big boy" caprice steals every scene he's in as a hunch-backed gangster in some unnamed metropolis of 1930s gangsters. maddonna plays the kind of person she'd probably play best, breathless mahoney, a nightclub singer and femme fatale with her own little agenda going. gleanne headly is tracy's tough-talking, fiercely independent long-time girlfrined. and then there's the kid, a funny little street urchin tracy takes in, who models himself after his surrogate father, and saves tracy when the detective has accepted his fate of being blown up.the supporting players are a who's who of character actors. charles durning is the chief of police. dick van dyke is the district attorney, who's bribed by big boy's goons to keep him on the streets. dustin hoffman has a humorous turn as mumbles, the snitch whose dialect is so indecipherable the cops can't make head nor tail of what he has to say. r.g. armstrong is pruneface, one of the rival gangsters big boy forms a special allegiance to in order to create a network of crime spreading throughout the whole city. mandy patinkin is 88 keys, the piano player for breathless's show. paul sorvino plays lips manlis, breathless's former benefactor until big boy gives him "the bath." james caan wears relatively little make-up in his performance as the only gangster who won't go along with big boy's grand plan. william forsythe and ed o'ross are big boy's enforcers, flattop and itchy.this movie retains all of the corn of the comic strip, plus it is full of vibrant colors. almost all the suits are elaborate in blues and greens and yellows and reds. all the colors of the rainbow are found in this movie--and then some! the matte paintings that are used truly realize this world as two-dimensional, only acted in three-dimensional sets. the humor is plentiful. al pacino fills the shoes of his character like no other character he's played before or since. big boy is kind of crazy, and kind of self-pitying. he's an eccentric little man who takes pride in quoting our founding fathers and likening himself to great political leaders. the man with the plan, always looking for the smartest way to do business.

dick tracy is one of my all time favorite films. i must admit to those that haven't seen it. you will either really love it or really hate it. it came out a year after the success of batman. so everyone's expectations were so high that many were let down simply because the plot is so simple. but its based on a comic strip...what did you expect? creatively, this movie is amazing! the sets, make-up, music, costumes, and the impressive acting make this film fantastic. the film has bloodless violence and no bad language - that's something rare these days. directed, produced, and stars warren beatty as the ace crime fighter going up against al pacino's evil big boy caprice and his mob of thugs. madonna steals the show as the seductive breathless mahoney. this is one of the best characters madonna has ever played. she has the best one liners i've heard! madonna fans would love it! one of the coolest things about the film is that they only used seven colors to make it look like a comic strip. this film is truly a piece of artwork that is sadly overlooked by the public. to sum things up, this film brings out the child in all of us. it's a film that will leave you smiling at the end.

i thoroughly enjoyed this true to form take on the dick tracy persona. this is a well done product that used modern technology to craft a imagery filled comic era story. if you are a fan of or recently watched some of the old dick tracy b&w movies then you're sure to get a kick out of this rendition. the pastel colors and larger than life characters rendered in a painstakingly authentic take on an era gone by is entertainment as it's meant to be. i personally find madonna's musical element to be a major part of this film-the cd featuring her music from this movie is one i've listened to often over the years, it's just so well done and performed musically and tuned to that era. in my mind, madonna's finest moment both on-screen but especially musically. this is sure to bring out the "kid" in you.

dick tracy is easily the best comic book based movie made to date. the movie has the same feel as the comic book, staying true to the color scheme. the batman series has climbed, fallen, climbed and fallen again. dick tracy has true staying power as something that both adults and children can enjoy. the good guys triumph over evil, without blood and gore to get the point across. al pacino does a wonderful job of his own adaptation of big boy caprice and madonna is memorable as breathless. but the best job by far is warren beatty who just epitomizes dick tracy just as he did with clyde barrows. i can't wait until it comes out on dvd on april 2, 2002, my tape is wearing thin.

don't look for an overdeveloped plotline here....just sit back with some popcorn and enjoy this one. a gallery of stars pop up as the classic cartoon character's villains in this live action comedy, which features incredible makeup and set design, not to mention knockout performances from beatty, madonna, and pacino. great fun for kids and adults alike.*** out of ****

i never attended the midnight showing of a movie before "dick tracy" came out.i still have the "t-shirt ticket" i had to wear to get admitted to the showing around here somewhere and, like that shirt, "dick tracy" has stuck with me ever since.if you've seen the movie, the sharp visuals, bright primary colors and strong characters have no doubt been etched into your brain. it's a wonder to behold.as director/star/co-writer/producer, beatty knows what works in a film and shows it here, taking a familiar american icon and re-creating him for a whole new era. still set in the '30s, "tracy" has a kind of timeless quality like all good films do. i've lost track of how many times i've watched "tracy" and i still catch something new every time i do.the others are all top notch, starting with pacino's big boy caprice (a reminder that he can do comedy with the best of them), even madonna's breathless mahoney is a relevation in that under the right environment, she can act (gasp!). but there's still such themes touched on as the necessity of family, keeping true to one's self, good versus evil, even machiavellian themes are explored. odd for a comic strip film, but hey, it works.all in all, "dick tracy" is a classic unto itself. compared with other films of this decade, it makes a strong statement. it's a good, strong film that doesn't depend on blood, violence, profanity or nudity to make its point. there's a lesson to be learned here.ten stars. great scott!

if dick tracy was in black and white, the pope wouldn't be religious. giving a new sense to the concept of color in a movie, we are offered an unique experience throughout a comic-strip world, and it's one of the few movies which succeeded in doing so, thanks to a serious script, good direction, great performances (al pacino is astonishing) and most importantly a powerful mix of cinematography, art direction and costume design. using only primary colors, the experience is quite different from anything we have seen before. and there is also a quite successful hommage to all the gangster-movie genre, pratically extinct from modern cinema. overall, i see this movie as a fresh attempt and a touch of originality to a cinema which relies more and more on the old and already-seen formulas. 7 out of 10.

"dick tracy" is one of our family's favorites -- the actors are great -- the art direction is exceptional -- the music is magic. it's not supposed to be "to kill a mockingbird" -- it's a fun experience.stephen sondhemim's songs are stellar: "back in business" is energetic, "sooner or later" is just right, "what can you lose" is haunting -- even tunes like "live alone and like it" add to the storygot to love the giddily over-the-top performances of al pacino, dustin hoffman, glenn headly, charlie korsmo, mandy patinkin, james caan, dick van dyke, supporting villains... the list is far too long. and, yes -- even madonna and warren beatty are awesome. written with a smile a minute (how many times have we looked at each other and said, "wait a minute -- i'm having a thought -- it's gone!"?).however, one of most telling things about in this film is that everyone involved seems to be having a good time -- and that above all adds to the enjoyment for the viewer. so, if you haven't already, why not give "dick tracy" a chance -- accept it for what it is -- a sunday comic strip brought to life -- and in a wonderful way!!

i've been watching "dick tracy" for years, and as a result it's become a vital part of my life - it was with me throughout childhood and i used to see it quite often. seeing it now, as an adult, it's still a very good movie - dark, satiric and incredibly misunderstood. about the only thing that can be said is the oscar nomination pacino received - other than that it is rarely discussed and didn't make much of a fuss when it came out.pacino is over-the-top but to good effect as he's clearly having loads of fun. beatty is great as dick tracy and behind the camera manages to capture the atmosphere of a film noir comic book better than any other film, possibly, i have ever seen. just taking a look at one scene from the film is breathtaking. the lighting, velvet overtones and smog/smoke combine to create a great effect.there are some really funny cameos including one by dustin hoffman as "mumbles," and i don't think there are any flaws at all in terms of acting - even the mandatory kid-character is far better than expected.overall, a really fine movie that has become misunderstood over the years since its release and is incredibly underrated with only 5.7/10 average on imdb. the critics' reviews are very positive (check out rottentomatoes.com) and after seeing the film once again it's not hard to see why - this is a perfect example of capturing the essence of a comic book, from style to eccentricity.highly recommended. 4.5/5 stars.

this is amazing-looking movie with the whole thing done in just six or seven colors. when it came out over 15 years ago, it stunned audiences with its color scheme, being so different from anything else that had ever been put on film. those colors, for me at least, make this an absolutely fascinating film to watch. there are literally thousands of scenes i wish could freeze and somehow convert them to a painting to study for their artwork.the characters and the story don't match up to the greatness of the photography, but they are all over-the-top, especially the villains. the famous actors who played them here must have a had a lot of fun on the set playing "flatop," "pruneface," "lips," "mumbles," etc.meanwhile, warren beatty and gleanne hedley are good as dick tracey and girlfriend tess truehart, and she's as sweet and soft as her name. another good addition is charlie korsmo as the delinquent young boy dick and tess take under their wing. the colorful other characters are played by al pacino, dustin hoffman, william forysthe, paul sorvino, mandy patinkin, madona and other names you know but are too numerous to list here. check the full credits on the main page and you'll amazed.the only negatives i found were pacino's voice which grates on you after awhile, madonna's off-key singing voice and the fact that the film would have been better trimmed about 10 minutes. those "faults" are all minor because overall, this is a fun movie....a cartoon strip coming to life in an incredibly-colorful fashion.....like nothing you have ever seen.

this movie can be described in those 2 words "just unbelievable". this is the best movie ever made, i just cant see why this movie isnt in the top 250. i also can't see why anybody would not love scarface. anyways, if you havnt seen it, it is a must buy.

a lot of people are saying that al pacino over acted but i mean common obviously for a movie role like this -- a cuban drug lord you need a bit of over acting in this role with that cuban accent. this movie overall was a really good movie i myself rated a 10/10 i would highly recommend people to watch this movie.

this movie is just great. if you have a chance to see it, then you should run to see it. even though the movie has almost nothing to do with its original from 1932, pacino does a great job playing as tony montana to get around. pacino has this way about him where he can say anything in anyway and make it sound just great. if you thought that pulp fiction was good with the swear words (if you saw it) then you should also see scarface to see another angle at how an actor can say them. (its quite sweet) even though the movie is has a lot of action and the plot moves very fast through time, not keeping the realtime aspect ratio correct, it is still easy to follow along, but you must keep your eyes peeled at all times to not lose anything. personally, i have found that watching this movie makes three hours seem like a breeze, it is really just that great. this movie is one of thoe movies that is acted and directed so well that not only do you forget that this movie was made in the crappy 80s but that it makes you actually root for the bad guy... "so say good night to the bad guy"

on mtv cribs all the ballers and shot callers pull the classic movie scarface out of their dvd collection. this may give you an idea that scarface is a "gangster movie". sure, there are gangsters and mobs in it, but that's not the point of scarface. tony montana (al pacino) is just a cuban refuge looking for a new way of life. he falls in with the mob group and becomes a well-known drug lord. montana was all for doing what you wanted to do with your life. the classic phrase: "say hello to my little friend!" is in scarface. this quote is what always comes to mind when i think about brian depalmas movie, scarface. this falls under my top 10 favorite movies. i would rate it ***1/2 (out of ****). definitely a movie you must see. phenomenal.

this movie has it all. it is a classic depiction of the events that surrounded the migration of thousands of cuban refugees. antonio montana(played by al pacino), is just one of the thousands to get a chance to choose his destiny in america. this cinematic yet extremely accurate depiction of miamis' drug empire is astonishing. brian depalma does an amazing job directing this picture, so much that, the viewer becomes involved with both the storyline, as well as every character in the cast. with tony's characters' pressence being so believable and strong, brian depalma brang out the raw talent exposed by steven bauer(manny, tony's best friend), mary elizabeth mastantonio(gina, tony's sister), robert loggia(frank, tony's boss)and michelle pfeiffer(elvira, frank's wife). i enjoyed every minute watching this movie, and still watch it on a weekly basis. on this year, the 20th anniversary of this classic crime movie, i for one am a true believer that in another 20 years people will still refer to this movie in astonishing numbers. with other crime movies being so dramatic i find, this movie is a shock to the system.

this movie is very entertaining and is never ever boring even running at nearly 3 hours. al pacino, michelle phieffer and the rest of the cast are great in the film and are very believable. the violence was a little extreme in the film but then it showed how vicious the drug trade was at the time of the film. the ending is amazing and is probalby one of the coolest scenes ever. great movie and you will probably really enjoy it.

for whoever play games video games here did anybody notice that the gta:vice city mansion inside the game and some other things including weapons from the movie that are connected to this movie and this movie inspired the makers of the game (rockstar games) to copy some things from this movie and by the way this is one of the best 80's movies out there i recommend this for anybody who still didn't see it 10/10 no questions asked

perhaps this could be the best movie ever made and if it's not it's certainly one of those who are burned onto your pupils as what brian de palma delivers here is a great piece of cinematographic artwork. first there is the director's touch of brian de palma who proves once again he might be one of the best directors ever, there is the superb performance from al pacino who is delivering an immortal hero on the big screen (tony montana), there are the many different (violent) scenes that you will never forget (the one with the chainsaw, the one in where tony is sitting in a bath which is as big as most people's living rooms), there are the many superb one-liners (count how many times the word "f*ck" is used), there are the superb little details (the pan american-globe that screams "the world is yours") or the great discomusic from giorgio moroder. nothing can be named that isn't sublime here and it easily is along with "the godfather", "good fellas" and "white heat" one of the best gangstermovies ever made!

one of the most definitive gangster films of the 80's, scarface is very much a film of its time. the first thing you notice when you watch this film is that it is screaming at you, 'made in 1983'. the costumes, the music score and soundtrack, the hairstyles, make no mistake about it this is a film all about crime in the 80's and while it should have dated horribly it hasn't. this is still a superb film. while georgio moroder's music has dated a fair bit, it still compliments the story of tony montana well thanks to the superb screenplay by oliver stone and the first class direction of brian de palma, one of two films that he has made with pacino (the other being the fantastic carlito's way). all of de palma's trademarks are here; the strong language, the graphic violence (more on that later), the stylish excesses such as grandiose set pieces and of course the stylish camera work.pacino dominates the film and i mean that literally. he is the dominant star of this film. his performance over the top, this is one of those films were pacino doesn't so much say his lines as he does shouts them, this time with a superb cuban accent. however, this is pacino and he does it fantastically. only he could go this far over the top and still come away from the film with his acting integrity in tact. while some may complain about his shouting of his lines and the sheer excess of it all, this is an excessive film. take a look at the production design of tony's house, take a look at the violence in this film. the chainsaw incident is downright brutal and their is blood everywhere. the shoot out at the end has bodies going down at a rate that is more akin to schwarzenegger and stallone in the rambo films. take a look at the amount of coke that is displayed in the film so pacino's performance i suppose is perfect for the film. he is supported by actors who are more akin to saying their lines in a more controlled way. steven bauer, in particularly, as manny, tony's best friend, is the stand out of the supporting cast. his performance is so controlled and quiet in a de niro sort of way it is a wonder how he ended up doing straight to video soft porn. michelle pfeiffer, of course, adds the glamor, robert loggia adds gravitas as usual and mary elizabeth mastrantonio makes a great debut as tony's sister.of course this is more than just a film about excess. there is more to it than drugs, violence, chainsaw assaults and a big great shoot out. this is a film about the darker side of the american dream. in many ways it puts it on a thematic par with the godfather films. tony finds himself coming to america, getting it all, living the american dream and then losing it all in violent fashion, and by saying he loses it all, i mean he loses it all. he kills his best friend, his sister is killed, his empire crumbles, literally, around him and to top it of he is killed in his own mansion, bullets ripping through him. without doubt scarface is one of the key films of the early 80's. sure, it doesn't have the subtleties of the godfather films, but this is still a fine film and one that is worth going to again and again.

i heard a few friends one day saying that "scarface sucks... some idiot tried to make another godfather set in the early 80s." now, i usualy listen to idiots/watch cnn so i decided i'd stay away from it. then my mate handed me the dvd and said "this is #1 with the pelicangs", confused i tried it. this is the best film ever made. it's more realistic than all this crap about racing stolen cars that are too expensive for someone in that area could afford (*cough2fast2furiouscough*) there is some humor though... i.e. the pelicangs and the light 80s music. still, whats better than al pacino wielding an m203? i give this a ***** out of ****, perfect for fans of al or gta:vice city.

most people who have seen this movie thinks that it is the best movie ever made. i disagree but this movie is very very good. tony is a bad ass guy and knows that he's intimidating and uses it to get ahead. it's about him and how he goes from washing dishes to having a huge house and a office with cocaine all over the desk. if you want a family movie then this isn't the way to go but if you want mobsters and vengeance and stuff like that then you'll like it.

i had the privilege of watching scarface on the big screen with its beautifully restored 35mm print in honor of the 20th anniversary of the films release. it was great to see this on the big screen as so much of it is lost on television sets and the overall largesse of this project cannot be emphasized enough. scarface is the remake of a classic rags to riches to the depths of hell story featuring al pacino as cuban drug lord tony montana. in this version, tony comes to america during the cuban boat people immigration wave in the late 1970s, early 1980s. tony and his cohorts quickly get green cards by offing a political figure in tent city and after a brief stay at a cuban restaurant; tony is launched on his horrific path to towards total destruction. many of the characters in this movie a played in such skilled manner that is so enjoyable to watch i have forgot little of this film over the last twenty years. robert loggia as tony's patron, frank lopez is wonderful. his character is flawed by being too trusting, and as tony quickly figures out, soft. lopez's right hand, omar suarez is portrayed by one of our greatest actors, f. murray abraham (amadeus.) suarez is the ultimate toady and will do anything for frank; it is like he does not have a mind of his own. tony quickly sees this and he constantly battles with suarez, but really only sees him as a minor problem to get through on his way to the top. the character that always comes back to me as being played so perfectly is mel bernstein, the audaciously corrupt miami narcotics detective played by harris yulin (training day.) mel, without guilt extorts great sums of money form all sides of the drug industry. he plays tony off of frank until it catches up with him in a scene that marks the exit from the film of both frank and mel. it is priceless to hear frank asking for mel to intercede, as tony is about to kill him only to hear mel reply, `it's your tree frank, you're sitting in it.' this is from the man who frank had been paying for protection!tony's rise is meteoric and is only matched in speed and intensity by his quick crash and burn. after offing frank and taking his wife and business tony's greed takes over and he never can seem to get enough. as tony plunges deeper into the world of drugs, greed and the inability to trust he eventually kills his best friend and his sister who had fallen in love and married. this all sets up the ending in which tony's compound is stormed by an army from his supplier who feels betrayed because tony would not go through with a political assassination that was ordered. this all stems form a compassionate moment when tony refused to be an accomplice in a murder that would have involved the victim's wife and children.all in all this is a great depiction of 1980s excess and cocaine culture. depalma does a nice job of holding it all together in one of the fastest moving three hour movies around. the violence is extremely graphic and contains a few scenes that will be forever etched on any viewers mind, particularly the gruesome chainsaw seen, the two point blank shots to the head and the entire bloody melee that ends the movie. this is a highly recommended stylistically done film that is not for the squeamish, or for those who need upbeat endings and potential sequels; depalma let it all fly right here.

surely one of the mysteries of the modern world!! - this film is not considered to be within the top 100 films of all time????if you watched this film and thought it was anything other than wonderful please let me know how? - al pacino's performance is as good as it gets!

if you like gangster type of movies, then this is the first one you should buy or at least rent, al pacino his performance is top notch. and the story is classic!! 10 / 10 !!!! why isn't this movie in the top 250 list??

this is one of my favorite films of all time. al pacino acting is at its best and the story is excellent. too bad it didn't do to well in the 80's when it was first released because people didn't get a chance to experience this classic.

written by oliver stone and directed by brian de palma, scarface paints a picture not easily forgotten. al pacino turns in a stunning performance as tony montana, a cuban refugee than becomes a powerful player in the drug world as he ruthlessly runs his self made kingdom of crime in florida. this gangster flick is harsh, violent, loud, gross, unpleasant and must hold the record for uttering the word "f--k" the most number of times. almost three hours long, and yes it can get repulsive. a stout hearted constitution keeps you in your seat cheering for the demise of a ruthless crime lord.also playing interesting characters are michelle pfeiffer, steven bauer, robert loggia, mary elizabeth mastrantonio, f. murray abraham and angel salazar. pacino proves to be one of the greatest of his generation. he manages to bring reality to his character that leaves a strong impression. this will not be a movie for everyone for you leave thinking you walked away from a disaster. is that powerful enough for you? crime does not pay for long!

many people like this movie and many more love it, but it seems that it is all for the wrong reasons. scarface should be liked and loved but not in the way it has been or is.many people say the acting was over-the-top, but who better to do an over-the-top character than al pacino. to say that pacino went over-the-top in here would be an understatement. yet he does it so well, he just brings the inner devil out of you so well. his character tony montana was not such a great guy to begin with but his thirst for power just bring his sickness of greed to another level; an inhumane level. sure at times pacino seems to be a bit cartoonish and surreal but that does not at all to me seem to be a liability at all. the supporting cast served its job very well. michelle pfeiffer was not really at her best but she certainly fit the role she played. on the other hand steven bauer was at his best, still he is steven bauer. mary elizabeth mastrantonio was good and like michelle pfeiffer fit her role very well. robert loggia i have always enjoyed watching in just seeing him yell. other than pacino they were not really any standout or memorable performances. everybody just seemed to fit their roles by being there. they did not fit in perfectly but were convincing enough.brian de palma did a very good job directing this movie. whenever an actor is able to become larger than life with his performance some credit should be given to the director and i will certainly give de palma that. brian de palma, though not given the respect, is a very versatile director by my count. he knows how to direct movies according to their genres, but that at times has not turned out well. in here it does, this is by all counts a gangster movie but few are much better than this one because of de palma.the writing was great it was just pure oliver stone. when i saw the credits at the end of this movie and saw that oliver stone had written this i was not the least bit surprised. that is a testament to him though. i have always though of him as a great writer and to me he proves this once again with scarface. nobody knows how to write a surreal reality for a movie than oliver stone.the music was good but not that great. it is certainly not my favorite from giorgio moroder. the music was a little bit too 80s-ish for me but it didn't annoy me. the cinematography was good, not amazing but really who cares with a movie like this.this has probably been one of the most influential movies in the past 25 years but as mentioned before it is for the wrong reasons. people should realize that the character of tony montana is no hero, he is a monster. he is not inspiring in anyway. he is greedy, bloodthirsty, uneducated and self consumed. yet he is a role model to many people because he is in some way or another a rebel but probably most of all because he is a deluded gangster. a vigilante would be like mother tereasa next to scarface.the good thing about this movie though is that it shows that the tony montanas' are not the real problem. if we or the people of authority would want to shut people like him down we could do it but we don't. in a freaky twisted way he is a necessity of our society. he is somebody you could blame everything on and fell better about yourself doing it. the tony montanas' of this world are the scapegoats of our society. this in no way excuses people like him. instead it is more of a reminder that we shouldn't excuse or allow ourselves to do bad things just because we measure up or think we measure up compared better to a gangster or drug dealer. i love this movie because it is more than a corruption movie, it is a movie that in a strange way makes you self reflect.

in 1983, director brian de palma set out to make a film about the rise and fall of an american gangster, and that he did-- with the help of a terrific screenplay by oliver stone and some impeccable work by an outstanding cast. the result was `scarface,' starring al pacino in one of his most memorable roles. the story begins in may of 1980, when castro opened the harbor at mariel, cuba, to allow cuban nationals to join their families in the united states. 125,000 left cuba at that time, for the greener pastures of freedom in america, and most were honest, hard-working people, thankful for the opportunity they had been granted. but not all. among the `marielitos' who streamed into florida, approximately 25,000 had criminal records and were nothing less than the dregs of cuba's jails-- criminals considered beyond redemption, who castro had merely wanted to be rid of. and they, too, saw america as a land of opportunity, even as al capone had considered chicago some fifty years earlier. and among the most ambitious was a man named tony montana (pacino), known to his associates as `caracortada.' scarface.now that he was free of the yoke of communism under which he had grown up, montana wanted what he felt was coming to him, and he wanted it now; and from the moment he stepped off the boat in florida, he was determined to have it all. wealth and power-- that was montana's dream, and he would get it by doing what he did best, beginning with a favor for a man living in miami by the name of frank lopez (robert loggia). lopez, it seems, had a brother in cuba who had met an untimely end at the hands of one of castro's goons, a man who, having outlived his usefulness to castro, had been summarily discarded and was currently being held in `little havana,' along with montana and all of the cubans just off the boats, where they awaited their papers from the government that would effect their transition into their new lives. and in short order, montana sees to it that lopez's brother has been avenged, and it sets the stage for his own entrance into the underworld of america.lopez, a wealthy businessman with the right connections, in return for the favor gets montana and his friend, manny (steven bauer), released from the holding camp, and puts them to work. in his day, capone may have had bootlegging as a means through which to line his coffers with illicit gain, but lopez has the modern day equivalent, and it's even more lucrative: cocaine. lopez takes montana under his wing and indoctrinates him into the life, but once he has a taste of it, montana isn't satisfied with whatever crumbs lopez sees fit to throw his way, and he sets a course that will take him to where he wants to be: at the `top.' with a cold-blooded, iron will, montana decides he'll do whatever it takes to get there, no matter what the cost. but before it's over, he will realize the price for his dream, and he'll pay it; but for a brief moment, perhaps he will know what it's like to be the man. and he will also know whether or not it was worth it.in step with de palma's vision, pacino plays montana larger-than-life, and he does it beautifully. from the accent he affects (which he researched thoroughly to make sure he got it right-- and he did), to the body language and the attitude, he's got it all, and it makes montana convincing and very real. what he brings to the role is nuance and style, in a way that few actors (de niro would be one) can. this is definitely not a character that is sympathetic in any way, nor is there anything about montana that you can readily relate to on a personal level; but pacino's screen presence is so strong that it makes him a thoroughly engrossing character, even though it's hard to become emotionally involved with him. it's quite simply a dynamic, memorable performance.michelle pfeiffer gives a solid performance, as well, in the role that put her on the path to stardom. as elvira, the woman who becomes an integral part of montana's dream, pfeiffer is subtle and understated, giving that sense of something going on underneath, while affecting a rather cold and distant exterior countenance. she, like pacino, definitely makes her presence felt as she fairly glides across the screen with a stoic, enigmatic and sultry demeanor.the supporting cast includes mary elizabeth mastrantonio (gina), miriam colon (mama montana), f. murray abraham (omar), paul shenar (sosa) and harris yulin (bernstein). an excellent precursor to the more recent and highly acclaimed `traffic,' and `blow,' and well as having a climactic scene reminiscent of peckinpah's `the wild bunch,' de palma's `scarface,' originally panned by critics, has since been cited by many as being the definitive american gangster saga. much of the violence is implied rather than graphic, but this film still has an edge of realism to it that many may find somewhat disturbing. but if you stay with it, there is a lesson to be learned in the end. and like many lessons in life, the most valuable are often the hardest to take at the time. but the reward is always worth it, and that's the way it is with this film. i rate this one 8/10.   

arguebly al pacino's best role. he plays tony montana, a small time hood from cuba turned into a rich and powerful crime lord in miami, and he does it with the only two things he's got in this world, his balls and his word, and he doesn't break'em for nobody. starts as doing jobs for a big time cuban dealer, frank lopez (robert loggia) and quickly goes up the ladder of the organization along with his long time friend manny (steven bauer). soon he has an eye for the boss's sexy wife elvira (michelle pfeiffer). after frank sees a threat from tony to his position, he attempts to assassin tony but with no luck. tony is upset and nothing can stop him now. the film has a great supporting cast among them is f. murray abraham as a jumpy gangster, another familiar face is harris yulin as a crooked cop trying to shake down tony, marry elizabeth mastrantonio as tony's young sister. credits to the ecxellent screenplay by oliver stone. this film is one of brian depalma's brightest points in his long ups and downs career, you can see this guy is very talented. the movie has a magnificent look to it. also pay attention for two memorable scenes: the one at the fancy restaurant ("say goodnight to the bad guy"). the other is the final shootout where tony shows that he still knows how to kick ass and kills about 20 assassins that invaded to his house. this is certainly one of the most impressive endings to a movie i have ever seen. for fans of al pacino and crime movies it's a must-see. for the rest of you it's highly recommended. 10/10

the story turns around antonio 'scarface' montana, an ultra-violent cuban refugee who comes to the united states with less than nothing, and makes a place for himself at the top of the cocaine trade...as a calculating man with a conscience, and extreme ambitions, tony strongly begins to desire the things he sees a criminal high-roller enjoying, including his luscious lover... heights his way out of a refugee camp by enjoying the chance to stab a former taker of freedom, takes out rival dealers, gains the confidence of an important drug lord by eclipsing a local gang boss in miami, and eventually makes it to the highest levels of the drug organization...pacino shows the results of greed and lust for power on the human psyche... he guns his way through the sunny streets of miami where he got 'the world and everything in it.' with his ruthlessness, obscene dialog, and his negotiation skills, he begins to imagine himself invulnerable and above all others... he quickly moves deep to the world of gangs, and becomes more ruthless than anyone else can possibly imagine...michelle pfeiffer looks dazzling as the addicted wife with no inner life... she succeeds in portraying the trophy 'object' navigating uncertain waters with her anti-hero... mary elizabeth mastrantonio happens to be the best in tony's life, the only thing that is good and pure... her revulsion at the end of the movie is so fiery that her whole head could have blown off... robert loggia exhibits a weak and fearful disposition, especially when faced with pacino as a challenger... he proves to be a less-ambitious boss in a position of power... steven bauer shines as the man of charm, loyal ally and faithful friend...the oliver stone-scripted 'scarface' is a change in genre, lifting scene after scene of hawks' classic while updating the rise-and-fall gangster saga to modern, drug-infested miami... but, as always, the focus is on decadence, profanity and violence—memorably a sickening chainsaw murder, rather than on the psychological and social reasons for the hoodlum's psychopathic behavior...

ya know when one looks at this brian depalma film today, i'm sure there has been allot of criticism about how dated it is. also, about the violence. when i looked at this film on vhs when i was 20, i thought it was ulta-violent and gritty as well. but i didn't get 'it'.a few decades go by and man, how i know how much i didn't get in this film!! this is a remake of an excellent film which was done back in the 30's/40's. how can you improve upon a classic? ya don't. but you tell a tale that is brought up to date through the eyes of the "new immigrants" during the most greed ridden decade, the over indulgent 80's. depalma, stone and the gang present an ambitious, disturbing and darn right good film.yes....disco was dying and new wave/punk were taking over but these immigrants from cuba who had to make a new home in florida couldn't tell the difference. it was exciting, it was what they wanted but how to get it???? to these immigrants, there was only one way to get it in florida where they were..by having lots of money and to get the money, you had to take over running a drug empire.al pacino was fantastic to me as tony montana, the "little train that could". what an amazing way to have your lead character look at america: to fight, kill, steal. lie, cheat all to get -- "the money, the women and the power."that's what tony saw as the american dream.he wanted it, he wanted to live it and in his circle saw nothing wrong with how he went to get it. tony montana's command of the english language was heavily saturated with the "f" word but what did you expect, emily post's finishing school for him and his co-horts? look at how they came to america, what they knew, what they were exposed to. this is the way tony and his crew chose to "be all they can be in america." it was all about the power. tony montana would and did anything to achieve it..it all its violent, lying, stealing, crooked, thieving glory.the part of the film that personified the 1980's to me, is the money laundering. tony's crew bringing sacks of drug money to the bank. did those around tony and his crew care? at the clubs where he spent and drank? nope. money was money and with money, you get the power. tony was living high off the hog. he and his pretty blond american trophy he married played well by michelle pfieffer.after tony montana's rise to power, he finds out its really crappy up there. he's riddled with doubt, he's drug addicted, he's paranoid, he's surrounded by those who want to take him on in a bloody take-over, his trophy 80's american blonde drug addicted wife he finds out is a bore, he needs to keep atop of his empire because...he's going down. and down he goes in a horrific violent fashion, but again i ask, what do you expect?this is the quintessential 1980's film telling you a warped tale of how some misunderstand the american dream...to obsession. it's violent, bloody, overly so..but it drives the point disturbingly home. not all cubans thrown out of cuba who landed in florida in the 80's were anything like tony montana. give me a break. but the showing of how miserable the 1980's were with its emphasis on greed and money as the only measures in the usa to "be somebody" and have power took its tool on these poor characters and their lives in america.makes you wonder -- has anything from then -- been learned today?

directed by brian de palma and written by oliver stone, "scarface" is a movie that will not be forgotten. a cuban refugee named tony montana (pacino) comes to america for the american dream. montana then becomes the "king" in the drug world as he ruthlessly runs his empire of crime in miami, florida. this gangster movie is very violent, and some scenes are unpleasant to watch. this movie has around 180+ f-words and is almost three hours long. this movie is entertaining and you will never get bored. you cheer for the drug-lord, and in some scenes you find out that montana isn't as evil as some other crime lords. this is a masterpiece and i recommend that you see this. you will not be disappointed. 9/10

"a classic is something that everybody wants to have read but nobody wants to read. a classic is also something that everyone praises but no one has read." -mark twain'classic' seems to be the word used to describe "scarface", brian depalma's 1983 film about opulence, self surrender, greed, and danger among florida's drug ring. people and critics (and rappers for that matter) deem this film 'an epic gangster classic' or 'eptiome of gangster films.' when it is anything but. it is praised for all the wrong reasons. scarface is a terrific film that deserves praise from all over, but not all the praise it gets from audiences today, and therefor the fine points it so poignantly makes are missed by the general public.first off, the film is about a cuban refugee, with a past of wanting to escape communism grasp and find happiness. simple? yes. but the layers of de palma's directing genius, and the great story written by oliver stone (yes i know, he actually wrote a real good one here) play into all of it. the characters are all looking for an escape, as escape is a natural element dealt with in the film by all. each character has something to offer, that makes them likable by everyone who could appreciate this film. they are entwined in a world of mystique and money, but all that has a price, as they all learn. each character thinks they are getting better chances in life, when in true dramatic irony, they are actually getting worse. 'tragedy' would be a better word to describe this movie. all those who praise the film for it's drug usage, it's violence, it's dialog, totally missed the point. there is nothing really positive about the film besides the characters positive expectations of themselves. and that is why the film works so well. the devastation through out the film serves to deliver the message of the film, not to look cool or attract viewers. brian de palma doesn't make movies for cult gangsters, or brainless action fans.next on, the film is an adult drama. it is not a 'gangster film'. it has it's share of action, but the action is plotted very carefully, so it has a point. it's not like "aliens"- an example of a big dumb action film, and most audiences perceive this film as a big dumb action gangster film about doing drugs and shooting people. ridiculous. hogwash. if this film is about that, then it is about how bad it is. not a promotion of it. this being said, the film is indeed a great film. it has great cinematography that pulls you into the story. it has a very dramatic score (in true giorgio moroder style), which simply could give you chills, or bring you to tears. the film is rather lengthy, but it is a story, and each moment counts. the acting is terrific. al pacino - enough said. he can do any role that he puts his mind to, and this was no exception. pretty boy steven bauer, as manny. i didn't think much of him in other films he did, but he actually makes you like him when he goes under maestro de palma's direction. michelle pfeiffer is a true gem as elvira. popping' fresh off the heels of a sort of embarrassment in "grease 2" she got her ticket to ride performing a no holds barred performance of a beauty that is more than meets the eye. but the three true diamonds in this rough are mary elizabeth mastrontonio as tony's sister gina, who when she smiles, or cries, we see her soul and her fresh way of living, and watch it deteriorate; paul shenar as alejandro sosa, a drug lord, who runs deeper than a river, and shenar portrays him as so; and miriam colom as tony and gina's torn mother. these three dig the film as deep as it can go. this reviewer learned one main thing when watching "scarface" for the first time. always go into a film unsuspecting. all the hype and talk of this film cannot possibly prepare you for what you really see. only knowing de palma (like i do) can give you even a glimpse of what this film holds. so ignore the rap crap, ignore the mindless violence supporters, and fix yourself a glass of bailey's on the rocks, and indulge yourself in an emotional viewing of a great film, the real "scarface."

this is one of my all time favorites.if the movie has a flaw, it's that it comes at you like a raging bull. it doesn't so much engage the viewer as assault him. ''scarface'' is as voracious and unyielding a production as tony montana himself. nothing is left to the viewer's imagination.moroder's languorous synthpop fits the action to a tee. like the chorus in a greek tragedy, it wails and gnashes, broods and tugs, a constant reminder of tony's inexorable fate.not so much a tale of caution as a disaster in progress, ''scarface'' rips across the screen with the unstoppable force of a runaway train.

"scarface" has a major cult following even now, 22 years after its release.it has also been widely criticized as being very tacky, unrefined, over-the-top and all bloated up! these are people who compare scarface to the godfather movies. it is true that on the technical front, (cinematography, screenplay, direction, etc.) scarface is way behind 'the godfather'.but it is also true, that what scarface has and some other gangster movies lack, is the rawness, the sheer crude approach of the gangsters. the latino gangsters in this movie look much more menacing and real than any of the polished italian or irish gangsters from other gangster classics like 'the godfather' or 'goodfellas'. this is one of the major winning points of scarface and i strongly believe that this fact has been written off as "tackiness" by most critics! i have seen the original 1932 scarface, and i must say that both these movies are way too different from each other and should be seen as two different movies instead of praising the original over the "remake"! al pacino has been criticized to be over-the-top and loud in this movie. but how about considering that that is precisely the way the film-makers wanted tony montana's character to be! he is this angry young man who takes hasty decisions and throws fits of tantrum every other minute! he is not the calm michael corleone here. he is tony montana, a very tacky, uneducated individual who doesn't really think much and gets angry all the time!there is definitely a very 80s feel to this movie. the soundtrack is all 80s! i love some of the songs, including 'gina and elvira's theme', 'push it to the limit' and the title track instrumental.there are some memorable and beautifully shot sequences, including the famous chainsaw scene, the rebenga hit, the first meeting with sosa and tony's visit to his mother's.about the performances: al pacino is brilliant as the angry cuban refugee. he has reportedly mentioned that he enjoyed playing tony montana the most in his entire career. and it really does seem like he has enjoyed himself thoroughly in all his scenes! one wonders what "scarface" would be like without pacino. i just couldn't imagine anyone else portraying tony montana and in all probabilities, the film wouldn't be as effective without him!steven bauer shines as tony's friend manny.robert loggia is wonderful as tony's boss, lopez. so is f. murray abraham (as omar) in a small role.then there is some eye-candy in the form of elvira played by michelle pfeiffer. she looks beautiful and is adequate in her role.the director does go a bit overboard during a particular part in the climax. without revealing anything, i would only say that that was the only little part that suffers due to improper handling."scarface" is definitely one of the most entertaining and one of the best gangster movies to ever come out. enjoy it for what it is: a raw portrayal of the drug lords and their gangland!

every great gangster movie has under-currents of human drama. don't expect an emotional story of guilt, retribution and despair from "scarface". this is a tale of ferocious greed, corruption, and power. the darker side of the fabled "american dream".anybody complaining about the "cheesiness" of this film is missing the point. the superficial characters, cheesy music, and dated fashions further fuel the criticism of this life of diabolical excess. nothing in the lives of these characters really matter, not on any human level at least. in fact the film practically borderlines satire, ironic considering all the gangsta rappers that were positively inspired by the lifestyle of tony montana.this isn't brian depalma's strongest directorial effort, it is occasionally excellent and well-handled (particularly the memorable finale), but frequently sinks to sloppy and misled. thankfully, it is supported by a very strong script by oliver stone (probably good therapy for him, considering the coke habit he was tackling at the time). the themes are consistent, with the focus primarily on the life of tony montana, and the evolution of his character as he is consumed by greed and power. the dialogue is also excellent, see-sawing comfortably between humour and drama. there are many stand-out lines, which have since wormed their way into popular culture in one form or another.the cast help make it what it is as well, but this is really pacino's film. one of his earlier less subtle performances (something much more common from him nowadays), this is a world entirely separate from michael corleone and frank serpico. yet he is as watchable here as ever, in very entertaining (and intentionally over-the-top) form. it is hard to imagine another tony montana after seeing this film, in possibly one of the most mimicked performances ever. pfeiffer stood out as dull and uncomfortable on first viewing, but i've come to realize how she plays out the part of the bored little wife. not an exceptional effort, but unfairly misjudged. the supporting players are very good too, particularly paul shenar as the suave alejandro sosa.powerful, occasionally humorous, sometimes shocking, and continually controversial. "scarface" is one of the films of the eighties (whatever that might mean to you). an essential and accessible gangster flick, and a pop-culture landmark. 9/10

hitchcock was of the opinion that audiences aren't really interested in what puts protagonists into danger - only that they are in danger, and need to escape.this film proves hitchcock was not 100% correct. police believe jean simmons is guilty of a crime, when she plainly isn't. trevor howard decides their best course of action is to run for it. and so, the body of the movie has our charismatic pair dodging on and off trains, buses and coaches - jumping across rocks at the top of a waterfall - scrambling across dockyard roofs.all good exciting stuff - but i couldn't get out of my mind that it was all unnecessary. they should have stayed put.in other words, the macguffin wasn't strong enough.

this film plays really well with an audience. especially once the chase begins. plus, trevor howard with his sensible, smart charms and jean simmons with her innocent demeanor and piercing eyes are terrific together.the film starts as a psychological drama but after the murder it segues into a chase thriller as the two leads head for the border. some may think the chase is superfluous but actually the chase is essential because it aids in clearing the mind of the jean simmons character by getting her out of the oppressive household, plus it helps bring out the real killer - who is suddenly put into such a position that they have to finish the job. the killer rightly believed that once the simmons character was arrested she would be put away. and it is true that her lack of control in the household - as well as evidence pointing her way - there is no way she would have gotten out of the murder charge. the chase that ensues helps bring out the truth.this is an entertaining film. seek it out if you can find it.

a young woman (jean simmons) is convinced by her scheming and dangerous aunt (sonia dresdel) and uncle (barry jones) that she's losing her mind and in very delicate condition that requires their supervision which turns out to be more like manipulation, as they try to keep her as far away from outside human contact as possible. the only other person she sees is the estate caretaker, a lascivious character played by maxwell reed, whose caught the wayward eye of the middle-aged aunt. all of this, the aunt and the caretaker, the butterfly expert uncle who has a serious underside to him, and the susceptible niece in the middle, would have made for a darker and more sinister film. as it is, a frame-up for a murder sends trevor howard (a fired government secret service agent who took a job at the estate cataloging butterflies) and simmons across the countryside escaping police, catching headlines of "police net closing in" over her front page photo, hopping on buses, and winding up in liverpool, where they meet some wonderfully cast characters, and finally face down the greedy and murderous aunt and uncle.

a delightful little thriller opens with trevor howard in his jag convertible and ends on a dockside in liverpool. it's all thrills and spills as the ex-spy has to restart his career just as he's getting some serious r & r cataloguing butterflies (how british is that?).trevor howard and jean simmons frolic from london to newcastle-upon-tyne to liverpool (via ullswater) - he's just been thrown out of mi5 or something, and she, you guessed it, is on the run, wrongly accused of murder. there's seedy docks, rolling lake district hills, sheep, country pubs, coppers getting lost, waterfalls, a bunch of amateur cyclists, rooftop chases, and lots of chinamen (don't ask), and it's all very hitchcocky and hannayesque.....and a smashing example of british noir...

the clouded yellow is a compact psychological thriller with interesting characterizations. barry jones and kenneth more are both terrific in supporting roles in characters that both have more to them than what meets the eye. jean simmons is quite good, and trevor howard makes a fascinatingly offbeat suspense hero.

they're not jawing journalists cary grant and rosalind russell from "his girl friday" or witty detective william powell and sassy lady myrna loy from thin man, but woody allen and scarlett johansson are surprisingly charming as amateur sleuths in scoop. their screwball repartee is more postmodern than post depression, allen's writing filled with ironic self deprecation and plain old new york angst. shades of the old wit occur rarely, such as when he, as sid, the great splendini magician, responds about his background: "i was born into the hebrew persuasion, but when i got older i converted to narcissism." johansson, fresh from allen's match point as a bad girl, here gets to be a relatively good, sometimes ditsy journalism student caught in a murder mystery suitable for london: a serial killer. the plot is a reworking of his recent london-based thriller match point, right down to the upper-class sins and the "american tragedy"/place in the sun boating "accident." as a matter of fact, allen is reworking manhattan murder mystery and purple rose of cairo to name just a couple of other examples. i care not if he reworks; i would like the new material to be at least the equal of the originals, and, alas, it is just a reflection of his younger greatness.allen as director and actor can't hide his love for the actress, as he couldn't for diane keaton, and therefore takes a middling comedy into an appropriate place down the allen canon, not great but amusing, at times brilliantly satirical: about the suspected upper-class murderer, sid (allen) quips, "i'd be very surprised if he killed one person." this is vintage allen humor. while there are barely any bright literary allusions as in most of his film, he lards scoop with music from grieg, tchaikovsky, and strauss to let us know the woodman has not lost his touch of class.

in the funeral of the famous british journalist joe strombel (ian mcshane), his colleagues and friends recall how obstinate he was while seeking for a scoop. meanwhile the deceased joe discloses the identity of the tarot card serial killer of london. he cheats the reaper and appears to the american student of journalism sondra pransky (scarlett johansson), who is on the stage in the middle of a magic show of the magician sidney waterman (woody allen) in london, and tells her that the murderer is the aristocrat peter lyman (hugh jackman). sondra drags sid in her investigation, seeking for evidences that peter is the killer. however, she falls in love with him and questions if joe strombel is right in his scoop."scoop" is another great woody allen's comedy outside manhattan, actually again in london. his ironic and witty lines are simply fantastic, and i laughed a lot inclusive with his fate of hero in a country where people drive "in the wrong side". sid waterman is extremely funny and woody allen is in an excellent shape as comedian. however, his present muse scarlett johansson, of whom i am a big fan, has over-acting and is annoying in many moments, changing inclusive her accent to a histrionic pronunciation. her character is absolutely silly and promiscuous, and i was quite disappointed with her performance (probably for the first time in her filmography). but this supernatural comedy is still a hilarious and worthwhile entertainment. my vote is eight.title (brazil): "scoop – o grande furo" ("scoop – the big scoop")

i am a huge woody allen fan and so when i saw that this was playing at the cinema i couldn't help myself. i wanted to see how allen would follow up his magnificent film match point seeing as this is another one of his films shot in g.b. (which is unique among allen's work) along with what seems to be his new muse scarlett johanson. scoop is much lighter than mp and the humor is scoop's most enjoyable aspect. the plot revolves around johanson's character (a journalism student) who gets a tip on a hot story from beyond the grave. she falls in love with a suspected serial killer (jackman) and she must decide whether the truth is worth finding. oh and all of this is done with the help of a bumbling magician turned detective played by allen.i must say that i thoroughly enjoyed johanson's performance but i am a bit bias, i could watch a three hour film with johanson in ever frame and remain enchanted. she plays a ditsy, yappy, bumbling sweetheart that is kind of a variation in a sense of allen's stereotypical neurosis stricken character. she adds appropriate body language for comic effect. needless to say almost anyone who sees this will find johanson's character sickeningly cute and that is a plus.allen is allen... he is still playing the same character much like chaplin and his little tramp character. something that occur in this film makes me wonder if i will see the neurotic little hypochondriac again however. he is not in the cast of his next picture and has been spending more time exclusively behind the camera as of late...jackman is also enjoyable as the suave, millionaire murder suspect. i cannot say that jackman does anything in particular to make the role his but he suits his character none the less.in terms of the plot i cannot help but feel that this is fresh... in fact it stinks of curse of the jade scorpion. johanson and allen are more detective-like than anything. however i must applaud allen on his ending because it is a bit more clever than your typical unoutstanding hollywood version of this film. instead of everything being black and white, things are painted in shades of gray. being entirely innocent has nothing to do with it nor does unequivocal guilt. though the plot seemed old woody still has a knack for one liners. i did find his allusions to his last film interesting... come for the humor, laugh and be merry.needless to say if you enjoy allen's work watch it. if not watch something else...

i was going to give it an 8, but since you people made 6.5 out of a lot better votes, i had to up my contribution. the river styx was pure genius. sure, woody was his perennial stuff, but at least his role was appropriate. the first half hour was really hilarious, and then the rest of the movie was easy to watch. the dialog was clever enough, and woody's card tricks at the parties, along with the reaction from the upper crust, were fun to watch. this was much better than the newspaper critics made it sound out to be. and a plus, a little sorcerer's apprentice to go along with it. and of course, did you notice that johansen is getting a bit frumpy? charles dance is always entertaining, as was hugh jackman.

do you still love woody allen's humor and sense of the absurd? do you wait patiently for movies that get the plot going in the first five minutes instead of making you wait around? if so, you will adore this comedic murder mystery. it has all the elements of a good mystery: sharp plot, a handsome suspect, romance, and intrigue, mixed together with enough laughs and winks at fate to keep even the most jaded of movie goers happy.with beautiful people and gorgeous homes and landscapes to ogle, this frothy movie is just the thing to take your minds off your troubles. as woody might say, what's not to like?

***1/2 scarlett johansson, woody allen, hugh jackman, ian mcshane, romola garia. directed by woody allen. just after his work with johansson on "match point" the two return for "scoop" a corky, zany and fun comic ride. when a student reporter (johansson) finds out a new scoop from a deceased reporter (mcshane) when she enters the materializer of a lame magician (allen). the scoop being of the new tarot card killer in london who might be preppy peter lyman (jackman); while sondra and sid are playing detective sondra falls in love for the handsome would be killer. allen has finally hit a mark, not as good as "match point" but definitely more fun. i laughed a lot more than i expected, one of the years must sees

simply well written, directed and acted... woody's best of the 2000's if not his best since the 80's!! hugh jackman was the perfect pick for his roll. scarlett johansson's banter with woody proves how well rounded an actress she has become.it's refreshing to not being in a romance on screen with the leading lady. he plays the perfect bumbling magician.there have been a few reviews maligning this movie. don't let them stop you from seeing the wonderfully done film. people in the crowd i saw this with were laughing so loud at some lines i missed the next line. if you like woody allen films of the 70's, you'll regret missing this one.i suggest you go to watch this film with an open mind, if you do, you might walk out smiling.

"match point" and now "scoop" have both convinced me that not only is woody allen doing a neat job making movies in england (and that scarlett johansson is the right cast member), but corroborated what i have known for years: he shouldn't focus on neurotic rich new yorkers. in this case, johansson plays journalism student sondra pransky, whom magician sid waterman (allen) puts in his disappearing box, where she meets the ghost of murdered reporter joe strombel (ian mcshane), who tells her that the serial killings that have plagued london were committed by millionaire peter lyman (hugh jackman). so, she gets to know him, and...well, i don't know how much i can tell you without giving it away. but i can say that this is probably allen's funniest movie in years. there's his ubiquitous unique style of humor (especially the line about his religion).so, you're sure to like this movie. if nothing else, it'll make you fall in love with london. but mostly, it's just so damn hilarious. even if you don't like woody allen, you gotta love this one.

woody allen's second movie set in london. tha tarot card murderer is killing prostitutes in london. aspiring journalist sondra pransky (scarlett johansson) gets a tip that he may be lord peter lyman (hugh jackman). she starts to romance him but quickly falls in love. she's helped by stage magician sid waterman (woody allen) who doesn't like what he sees.i like this better than the over rated "match point" from last year. it was shorter and moved much more quickly. the plot is old but i was entertained and it kept me guessing till the very end. it's not really a comedy but a mystery with a few very good comedic lines (all from allen of course). it's not one of allen's best but it's far better than his worst.the acting is, for the most part, very good. allen is bad but he's played this character a million times before and it's gotten tiresome. but johansson and jackman are just great--they look fantastic and give two very appealing believable performances. also allen (surprisingly) works on their sex appeal--there is a sequence where they're both in the their bathing suits to show off their nice bodies. the only real debit is that allen still seems unsure on how to shot london. he's not as off as he was on "match point" though--maybe he'll just get better as he goes along.worth seeing. i give it an 8.

i went into this movie knowing nothing about it, and ended up really enjoying it. it lacked authenticity and believability- some of the things that the characters said and did were completely bizarre, and a lot of the script seemed like it was ad-libbed (perhaps this is typical of woody allen? excuse my ignorance) but the whole audience in the theater was laughing so hard. it wasn't even at the jokes in the movie per se, but at the whole movie itself. the acting reminded me of seinfeld's acting, where he tries not to laugh at his own jokes- they are corny, but if you don't take the movie too seriously, you can really appreciate the humour of the actors, not the characters. if you're looking for a random movie, and you like woody allen, i'd definitely recommend it!

something happens to sondra pransky when she enters the magician's box on the stage of a london theater. little does sondra know the spirit of newly departed journalist joe strombel materializes to ask her to investigate the man someone has told him, on his voyage to another dimension, is the infamous tarot killer that has been on a binge of crime in london. the only problem is the man accused is, for all appearances, a respectable upper class man.when sondra tells her experience to the great splendini, who is a.k.a. sid waterman, the magician is stunned, but decides to go along. the two would be p.i.s conjure an invitation to a club where peter lyman goes to swim. sondra, who fakes she is drowning, catches the attention of this hunk, who wants to see more of her.needless to say, the two of them will get into all kinds of funny situations until the mystery is revealed at the end of the film. little does the real tarot killer think he can fool a resolute sondra who proves herself to be more resourceful than he gave her credit for.the result is a perfect summer film with a lot of laughs that is just what one needs to get out of the heat into a perfect time in a cool theater. woody allen has done better, and yet, this sunny comedy will vindicate him for past failures. in "scoop", mr. allen has taken himself from the romantic lead pawing his gorgeous leading lady. his trade mark gesticulating is something this funny man will never get rid of, since it appears to be his trade mark. the film has some funny one liners that will go over the head of the viewers that might not be paying attention.scarlett johansson, the beautiful star of "scoop", seems to be the perfect foil for woody allen. she plays the straight part while mr allen does his shtick, a perfect combination. both are excellent in their banter throughout the film. ms. johansson is a knockout beauty in her red bathing suit, although they have dressed her so dowdy in most of the costumes she wears on the screen. hugh jackman is seen as peter lyman a sophisticated man about town with the right pedigree. he makes a good appearance in the movie as the man pursuing ms. johansson. ian mcshane plays the dead fleet street journalist on his way to eternity."scoop" is a light film for the hot and humid summer thanks to woody allen.

scoop *** out of **** woody allen is definitely not my favorite director, but i enjoyed "match point." it was an excellent dark romantic thriller that luckily did not star woody allen. it did have the beautiful scarlett johansson in it."scoop" is woody allen's latest film and though he appears in this one, it's ok. it also features scarlett johansson and the two of them work perfect together.johansson plays sondra pransky, a young college journalist who gets the scoop of a life time from the ghost of joe strombel (ian mcshane.) joe heard the scoop while on a boat with the grim reaper and a bunch of other souls the reaper has taken. one of those souls is the secretary of peter lyman (hugh jackman.) she tells joe that peter may be the serial killer roaming the streets of england. joe, with the scoop of a life time, travels back to the living and gives this info to sondra, during a magic act. sondra is at some magic show with magician sid waterman (woody allen.) she becomes a volunteer to go in a disappearing box and while she is in the box, she gets the visit from joe. not knowing what to do, she enlists the help of sid waterman to help her crack the case.this film has a nice light-hearted feel to it compared to "match point" and yet it all works. johansson and allen work great together. allen's humor fits perfect for this story and role. hugh jackman is terrific as peter layman, the "suspected" serial killer.this is a fun little movie to see if your ever looking for one to watch. the cast ensemble works well together and the story flows and you sometimes forget that your watching woody allen be himself. i say give it a chance because you just might like it.

coming immediately on the heels of match point (2005), a fine if somewhat self-repetitive piece of "serious woody," scoop gives new hope to allen's small but die-hard band of followers (among whom i number myself) that the master has once again found his form. a string of disappointing efforts, culminating in the dreary melinda and melinda (2004) and the embarrassing anything else (2003) raised serious doubts that another first rate woody comedy, with or without his own participation as an actor, was in the cards. happily, the cards turn out to be a tarot deck that serves as scoop's clever maguffin and proffers an optimistic reading for the future of woody allen comedy.even more encouraging, woody's self-casting - sadly one of the weakest elements of his films in recent years - is here an inspired bit of self-parody as well as a humble recognition at last that he can no longer play romantic leads with women young enough to be his daughters or granddaughters. in scoop, allen astutely assigns himself the role of sid waterman, an aging magician with cheap tricks and tired stage-patter who, much like woody himself, has brought his act to london, where audiences - if not more receptive - are at least more polite. like chaplin's calvero in limelight (1952), sid waterman affords allen the opportunity to don the slightly distorted mask of an artist whose art has declined and whose audience is no longer large or appreciative. moreover, because they seem in character, allen's ticks and prolonged stammers are less distracting here than they have been in some time. waterman's character also functions neatly in the plot. his fake magic body-dissolving box becomes the ironically plausible location for visitations from joe strombel (ian mcshane), a notorious journalistic muckraker and recent cardiac arrest victim. introduced on a river styx ferryboat-to-hades, strombel repeatedly jumps ship because he just can't rest in eternity without communicating one last "scoop" about the identity of the notorious "tarot killer." unfortunately, his initial return from the dead leads him to waterman's magic show and the only conduit for his hot lead turns out to be a journalism undergraduate, sondra pransky (scarlett johansson), who has been called up from the audience as a comic butt for the magician's climactic trick. sondra enthusiastically seizes the journalistic opportunity and drags the reluctant waterman into the investigation to play the role of her millionaire father. as demonstrated in lost in translation, johansson has a talent for comedy, and the querulous by-play between her and allen is very amusing - and all the more so for never threatening to become a prelude to romance.scoop's serial killer plot, involving grisly murders of prostitutes and an aristocratic chief suspect, peter lyman (hugh jackman), is the no doubt predictable result of allen's lengthy sabbatical exposure to london's ubiquitous jack the ripper landmarks and lore. yet other facets of scoop (as of match point) also derive from woody's late life encounter with english culture. its class structure, manners, idiom, dress, architecture, and, yes, peculiar driving habits give woody fresh new material for wry observation of human behavior as well as sharp social satire. when, for instance, sondra is trying to ingratiate herself with peter lyman at a ritzy private club, waterman observes "from his point of view we're scum." a good deal of humor is also generated by the contretemps of stiffly reserved british social manners encountering waterman's insistent borscht-belt jewish plebeianism. and, then, of course, there is waterman's hilarious exit in a smart car he can't remember to drive on the left side of the road.as usual, allen's humor in scoop includes heavy doses of in-jokes, taking the form of sly allusions to film and literary sources as well as, increasingly, references to his own filmography. in addition to the pervasive jack the ripper references, for instance, the film's soundtrack is dominated by an arrangement of grieg's "the hall of the mountain king," compulsively whistled by hans beckert in m, the first masterpiece of the serial killer genre. the post-funeral gathering of journalists who discuss the exploits of newly departed joe strombel clearly mimics the opening of broadway danny rose (1984). references to deconstructing harry (1997) include the use of death as a character (along with his peculiar voice and costume), the use of mandelbaum as a character name, and the mention of adair university (harry's "alma mater" and where sondra is now a student). moreover, the systematic use of greek mythology in the underworld river cruise to hades recalls the use of greek gods and a chorus in mighty aphrodite (1995).as to quotable gags, allen's scripts rely less on one-liners than they did earlier in his career, but scoop does provides at least a couple of memorable ones. to a question about his religion, waterman answers: "i was born in the hebrew persuasion, but later i converted to narcissism." and sondra snaps off this put-down of waterman's wannabe crime-detecting: "if we put our heads together you'll hear a hollow noise." all in all, scoop is by far woody allen's most satisfying comedy in a decade.

great movie, enough laughs and action for any audience.since the last person who posted on this movie took it upon themselves to call woody allen incestuous and not comment on the film, here i am.the film follows an unlikely duo, johansson and allen, as they follow a tip given to them by the ghost of a recently deceased english reporter. their search takes them into the home of the killer, and eventually to a somewhat tragic end. but don't let the plot fool you, the film truly is hilarious and the acting is superb.it seems that as directors reach a certain age they really get things right. clint eastwood, allen and pollack all seem to making some of the most imaginative work of their respective careers. also, from watching the movie in a pact theater, you can just tell that people really love woody allen and are ready for him to really make a comeback. the second he walked on screen audience lit up. there's just something about the man and he really shines in scoop. check it out, it's worth the trip.

allow yourself to be transported to a different, old school kind of storytelling. scoop is classic woody allen.allen's latest muse, scarlett johansson (who also appeared in last year's match point, also by allen), is surprisingly able to tone down her sultry sex kitten appeal and transform into a normal looking student-type with the aid of nerdish glasses and outfits but still fails to make the audience believe how hugh jackman's lordly character can be so smitten by her, given the royal's background (don't worry, no spoilers here). there are no grand transformations for johansson's character here, as she consistently plays the same character throughout despite the script saying otherwise. you even forgive her character's apparent lack of logic, continuing an affair with a suspected serial killer, simply because he is his royal hotness jackman, who is refreshing to see sans the wolverine duds.if anything, consistency is what the 70-year old allen is all about. he continues to tell his stories on celluloid in the same way he always has; as if he's never been exposed to modern film-making, which is probably what makes his quiet, simple films appealing. they never seem to aim for a specific market; as if allen makes movies to his taste alone, whether the public likes it or not.

i'd even say some shades of hitchcock...this is clearly better than mmm, which is seen as a guilty pleasure by some if not most woody fans. by the way, did you know that annie hall was first conceived as a murder mystery? anyhow, woody reclaims some relevance in film comedy with this one. the plot turns are nice and tight. i will say that in the first 20 minutes or so, some of the actors are a little too hasty at delivering their lines, but stick around. scarlett johansson proves well-cast in the diane keaton-type role, and at no time is there any uncomfortable moments between her and the much older woody. no one could imagine a more perfect actor for the role of peter lyman than jackman.

great woody allen? no. good woody allen? definitely. i found myself, along with the audience in attendance, laughing hard and often at some of the best woody allen lines we've heard in a while. the aging allen created an appropriate role for himself as scarlett johansson's "father" ... well, sort of. some have said johansson plays "a young dianne keaton." i beg to differ. she plays woody's dialogue, which, in his comedies, always has a very similar feel...like, well, a woody allen comedy. that's fine for us woody appreciators. she certainly did woody's dialogue far better than the young cast of his last comedy, melinda/melinda. some may find woody's humor tiresome, but for those of us who love it when it's done right, we look forward to the next.

first of all, let me comment that the audience loved it from the first moment. perhaps current events in the middle-east led people to take the attitude, "i came for a comedy and by george i'm going to enjoy it." but for whatever reason, everybody seemed really into the comedy of it. the last few times woody has tried to do a straight comedy (small time crooks, curse of the jade scorpion, hollywood ending) i've felt like the one-liners felt strained and a bit antiquated. i remember thinking at one point, "that would have been funny in the early sixties." so going in to this movie, i was afraid woody was becoming tone deaf, however, in this one his comic sensibilities were in perfect tune. admittedly, there were plenty of my fellow aarp card carrying folks in the screening, but there were also plenty of 20-somethings and 30-somethings as well, and they all seemed to get it and give up the occasional belly laugh in addition to numerous guffaws, chuckles and the like. in many instances, the throw-aways had people laughing so loud you missed the next line.thematically, woody was traipsing familiar ground. as i suspected from the trailer, this film had a lot of manhattan murder mystery in it, but then again, there was more than a smidgen of oedipus wrecks (new york stories), alice, and even a little tribute to broadway danny rose at the very beginning.even with woody in the movie, scarlett, as sondra, was, at times the woody-proxy, but her character was far from the nebbish that, say, will ferrell gave us in melinda and melinda or kenneth branaugh attempted in celebrity. instead of archetypal ticks and quirks, sondra's nerdishness comes directly from the family history which she shares early on. on numerous occasions the "family business" leads her to malapropisms that we get as an audience, while the characters on the screen can only perceive them as strange non-sequiturs. since we are all in on the joke, we can't help but laugh. but the laughs don't come from recognizing the woody nebbish, but truly from the character. to a great extent, unlike farrell, branaugh, cusack or even mia farrow before her, scarlett is not required to use the woody voice to evoke the woody role. thus, we don't find ourselves ripped out of the narrative as a woody's voice suddenly emerges from someone else' face.as my friend commented on the way out, sid, the character played by woody, is a supporting role, but more center-stage than i was hoping going in. however, this time woody seems to have written a character that truly fits his current persona. unlike his ed dobel sage character in anything else, or his blind director in hollywood ending, this time the character is a comfortable fit. perhaps more importantly, this time the character works in the story. within the elevated circles they find themselves in, he is even more fish-out-of-water than scarlett, which is used to great comedic effect throughout. sid is a declining, itinerant magician playing to small audiences, but the fact that he is from another era is placed front and center for our enjoyment.but what about jackman? what about ian (swearengen) mcshane? i liked both of them to the extent that they are used in the piece. i particularly liked mcshane's short but effective turns. jackman is charming with the ease of "old money" that was so often portrayed in films from 50 years ago. (class echoes from purple rose of cairo?)so what did i think? short answer, maybe his best straight comedy since 1994's bullets over broadway. less stylized than mighty aphrodite. less caustic than deconstructing harry. less forced than small time crooks or hollywood ending. woody has finally found a comic voice that works in the 21st century.

greetings again from the darkness. remember all the "what happened to woody allen?" jokes? even mr. allen poked fun at the fans who wanted him to continue making his same "funny" films. as with any great artist, mr. allen's craft evolved over the years and he lost some fans, while picking up others. last year's masterpiece "matchpoint" showed he is still every bit as relevant and poignant as he was in the days of "annie hall" and "manhattan". what is most striking to us 40 plus year fans is that mr. new york himself seems to have a bit of a crush on the mother country. apparently he actually likes england!! while filming "matchpoint", mr. allen became enamored with scarlett johansson and her real life spirit and sense of humor. this attraction motivated him to write his best comedy in years. scarlett, while risking overexposure, must be given credit for not just picking films that cast her in some glamorous light. she is unafraid to look and act like a real person. in "scoop", she flashes some real on screen comedy chops and, in many scenes, delivers the real punchline to mr. allen's straight man. of course, any time mr. allen decides to put himself in front of the camera, he will get more than his share of one liners and social commentaries in - which is fine, because few do it better.very nice support work from ian mcshane and hugh jackman. in fact, mr. jackman provides a few glimpses into why many of us thought him the best choice to replace brosnan as the new bond. as with most of allen's films, the star is the script, not the actors. although scarlett delivers superbly here and is a nice contrast to the polished allen and jackman, what makes this one crackle is the dialogue ... especially the banter between allen and scarlett. if you are not a huge woody the actor fan, fear not. he does limit his screen time and he is quite effective, except in two or three brief scenes that almost seem out of place. another woodman tradition is a sparkling musical background and "scoop" is no exception ... especially the strauss composition."scoop" is a nice cross between "annie hall" and the best of the marx brothers films or the cary grant comedies. yes it is an adult comedy, but it is actually very cute ... especially for a serial killer and talking ghost comedy!!

"scoop" is also the name of a late-thirties evelyn waugh novel, and woody allen's new movie, though set today, has a nostalgic charm and simplicity. it hasn't the depth of characterization, intense performances, suspense or shocking final frisson of allen's penultimate effort "match point," (argued by many, including this reviewer, to be a strong return to form) but "scoop" does closely resemble allen's last outing in its focus on english aristocrats, posh london flats, murder, and detection. this time woody leaves behind the arriviste murder mystery genre and returns to comedy, and is himself back on the screen as an amiable vaudevillian, a magician called sid waterman, stage moniker the great splendini, who counters some snobs' probing with, "i used to be of the hebrew persuasion, but as i got older, i converted to narcissism." following a revelation in the midst of splendini's standard dematerializing act, with scarlett johansson (as sondra pransky) the audience volunteer, the mismatched pair get drawn into a dead ace english journalist's post-mortem attempt to score one last top news story. on the edge of the styx joe strombel (ian mcshane) has just met the shade of one lord lyman's son's secretary, who says she was poisoned, and she's told him the charming aristocratic bounder son peter lyman (hugh jackman) was the tarot card murderer, a london serial killer. sondra and sid immediately become a pair of amateur sleuths. with sid's deadpan wit and sondra's bumptious beauty they cut a quick swath through to the cream of the london aristocracy.woody isn't pawing his young heroine muse -- as in "match point," johansson again -- as in the past. this time moreover scarlett's not an ambitious sexpot and would-be movie star. she's morphed surprisingly into a klutzy, bespectacled but still pretty coed. sid and sondra have no flirtation, which is a great relief. they simply team up, more or less politely, to carry out strombel's wishes by befriending lyman and watching him for clues to his guilt. with only minimal protests sid consents to appear as sondra's dad. sondra, who's captivated peter by pretending to drown in his club pool, re-christens herself jade spence. mr. spence, i.e., woody, keeps breaking cover by doing card tricks, but he amuses dowagers with these and beats their husbands at poker, spewing non-stop one-liners and all the while maintaining, apparently with success, that he's in oil and precious metals, just as "jade" has told him to say.that's about all there is to it, or all that can be told without spoiling the story by revealing its outcome. at first allen's decision to make johansson a gauche, naively plainspoken, and badly dressed college girl seems not just unkind but an all-around bad decision. but johansson, who has pluck and panache as an actress, miraculously manages to carry it off, helped by jackman, an actor who knows how to make any actress appear desirable, if he desires her. the film actually creates a sense of relationships, to make up for it limited range of characters: sid and sondra spar in a friendly way, and peter and sondra have a believable attraction even though it's artificial and tainted (she is, after all, going to bed with a suspected homicidal maniac).what palls a bit is allen's again drooling over english wealth and class, things his brooklyn background seems to have left him, despite all his celebrity, with a irresistible hankering for. jackman is an impressive fellow, glamorous and dashing. his parents were english. but could this athletic musical comedy star raised in australia ("x-man's" wolverine) really pass as an aristocrat? only in the movies, perhaps (here and in "kate and leopold").this isn't as strong a film as "match point," but to say it's a loser as some viewers have is quite wrong. it has no more depth than a half-hour radio drama or a tv show, but woody's jokes are far funnier and more original than you'll get in any such media affair, and sometimes they show a return to the old wit and cleverness. it doesn't matter if a movie is silly or slapdash when it's diverting summer entertainment. on a hot day you don't want a heavy meal. the whole thing deliciously evokes a time when movie comedies were really light escapist entertainment, without crude jokes or bombastic effects; without vince vaughan or owen wilson. critics are eager to tell you this is a return to the allen decline that preceded "match point." don't believe them. he doesn't try too hard. why should he? he may be 70, but verbally, he's still light on his feet. and his body moves pretty fast too.

i thought this was a wonderful way to spend time on a too hot summer weekend, sitting in the air conditioned theater and watching a light-hearted comedy. the plot is simplistic, but the dialogue is witty and the characters are likable (even the well bread suspected serial killer). while some may be disappointed when they realize this is not match point 2: risk addiction, i thought it was proof that woody allen is still fully in control of the style many of us have grown to love.this was the most i'd laughed at one of woody's comedies in years (dare i say a decade?). while i've never been impressed with scarlet johanson, in this she managed to tone down her "sexy" image and jumped right into a average, but spirited young woman.this may not be the crown jewel of his career, but it was wittier than "devil wears prada" and more interesting than "superman" a great comedy to go see with friends.

i was lucky enough to get a free pass to an advance screening of 'scoop' last night. full house at the theatre and when the movie ended there was spontaneous applause. i didn't speak to anyone who disliked 'scoop' although two teenagers sitting next to me sighed and fidgeted uncomfortably for most of the film. they were the exception though because everyone else including myself really enjoyed themselves.'scoop' is a quickly paced murder mystery. a young female journalism student is unwittingly maneuvered by forces beyond her control into trying to catch a serial killer on the loose. plenty of hijinks ensue as she partners up with a traveling illusionist and falls in love with a frisky and charming young nobleman.'scoop' isn't a bad addition to the woody allen filmography. it isn't his best work but it is a very enjoyable and light hearted romp. i'd say it fits quite comfortably into being an average woody allen film, right in the middle of the pack. if you're a woody allen fan you'll probably enjoy yourself. if you're indifferent to his work then 'scoop' might be enough to get you interested in seeing more. i don't think that anyone who dislikes his style of film-making and acting are going to change their mind. woody plays the same kind of neurotic character we've grown so accustomed to although it borders dangerously close to forced and over the top in this film. while potentially aggravating for some who might find themselves wishing he'd hurry up and just spit out the words, woody allen fans know what to expect.very good performances all around in my opinion although i found myself missing ian mcshane who is excellent and not on camera nearly enough. hugh jackman is great as the charming nobleman and i think woody allen has found a new regular star to work with in scarlett johansson. i think that with 'match point' this is their second pairing and she's just magic with the material that woody gives her. could be the beginning of a beautiful relationship! i'm glad i saw the movie and definitely recommend it. more sophisticated comedy than movies like 'scary movie 4' so if your brand of comedy is the latter rather than the former, 'scoop' probably isn't for you. if, on the other hand, you like a touch of class, sophistication and fun, 'scoop' is for you. probably not the woody allen film i'd introduce to a newcomer but all others should give it a try.

"scoop" is easily woody allen's funniest film of the 2000's so far. allen, although finally looking his age, is at the top of his game as low-brow magician sidney waterman. his one-liners and demeanor are hilarious. don't let the critics sway your opinion. "scoop" is a top notch "woody-lite" picture. the classical music score is an excellent compliment to the action on screen. scarlett johanson looks gorgeous in that bathing suit. jackman is dashing. the cinematography glows. "scoop" is wonderful escapist fare from start to finish. the last shot of the film alone is worth the admission price.

i went to the movie theater this afternoon expecting to be underwhelmed by scoop. happily, the film exceeded expectations, at least a little bit. it's nothing heavy, nothing deep -- and not anywhere as good as any number of real allen masterpieces -- but it's also completely enjoyable as a light, bantering comedy. there's something kind of simple and sweet about it. "cute" was the word i heard from people in the audience as they were walking out after the show. it doesn't feel like allen set out to create a masterpiece here, it feels like he wanted to make a little comedy and have fun doing it. compared to just about everything hollywood is producing, allen's stuff has a tendency to charm. even the fluffy stuff. these days it's just refreshing to go to a movie made by an actual human being.

reading a wide variety of "scoop" reviews over the past few days, i walked into the theater prepared for a subpar outing from woody. happily, i couldn't have been more wrong. granted, woody the performer is slowing down a touch or two, but woody the writer/director is in fine form - and found a credible way to integrate his 70-year old self into the story. judging from the laughter and guffaws, the audience ate up allen's one-liners and dialogue in a way that i haven't seen in several years. in a movie landscape dominated by software-approved story arcs, twentysomething tastes and assembly-line formula fare for kiddies, it's a source of both satisfaction and inspiration to see allen pursuing his highly personal and still-rewarding path.

i have to say that this tv movie was the work that really showed how talented melissa joan hart is. we are so used to, now, seeing her in a sitcom and i really hope that a tv station will show this tv movie again soon as it will show the sabrina fans that mjh shines in a drama. seen as we have watched her on sabrina now for now 5 years and so to give the viewers a taste of her much unused talent would be a plus. melissa plays her role so well in this wanting her parents "done away" with so she can be with the guy she loves. one thing that all sabrina viewers will notice, melissa works with david lascher in this, well before he took the role of josh on sabrina. so it would be kind of neat to see this currently whenever it gets aired again. hopefully mjh gets some good roles in movies or even in more tv movies, sort of like kellie martin who has always shined in tv movies. lots of unused talent waiting to bust out when it comes to melissa joan hart, you shine always melissa!!!

i have seen it & i like it melissa plays her part well. it was actually believable. my brother in law saw it with my sister & i and when i mentioned to my sister that i forgot it was based on a true story (i had seen it a few years ago.) he said just because its on lifetime you think its true & both my sister & i were like it was so anyway i was wondering if anyone knew what murder it was or like who was really involved was because i want to prove it to him. i love lifetime movies especially the ones that are true, or just the ones that teach a good lesson. i thought i saw something about it a week ago but i cant remember where any help would be appreciated.

this movie is totally wicked! it's really great to see mjh in a different role than her sabrina character! the plot is totally cool, and the characters are excellently written. definitely one of the best movies!!

i like the movie. twisted desire had jeremy jordan,one of my favorite and one of the cutest actors ever. melissa joan hart is a good actress. i've seen most of her movies but all of jeremy jordan's. the thing i dislike about twisted desire is when "nick" gets arrested and "jennifer" rats him out. twisted desire is my second favorite movie. my first is the goonies. but i still love jeremy jordan.

hi, im scott (a.k.a woody7739) i love the film twisted desire, and i love watching melissa joan hart on the t.v as i think she is fine. i am a real fan of sabrina the teenage witch too, so this helped my watch it (don't ask). i love the way that nicole plans out her parents murder very carfully, as she makes sure that someone else pulls the trigger and practices on the bottles, so she wont give away her fingerprints (a very well planned out idea), back i guess it all backfired on nicole as she got caught as her old boyfriend comes along and puts a hidden camera under his shirt. i give this film a nine out of ten, and put it in my top 10 films list. and last but not least if anyone see's this film in the shops please tell me as i seen it on tv and didn't record it. bye

(warning: minor spoilers)i ran into this one partway through and watched from there, not knowing what it was or what the plot was. it certainly held my attention; i didn't know until the ending that it was based on a true story! the guy she used to do the dirty deed came out looking like a seriously nice guy who just got his head twisted around by a devious girl; i have to question how true to life that portrayal is. anyone who would murder a husband and wife as they slept just can't be entirely nice. still, i did have some sympathy for him, as he had been set up and taken advantage of; that much was made clear.my main complaint is with the ending (here comes the biggest spoiler! skip this paragraph if you don't want to learn it). a few minutes before it ended, there seemed no way for the truth to be discovered. the way it got discovered was in a "sting" operation, but my question is: how did the police get convinced to go along with it? the movie didn't show us that, and it seemed a bit too convenient absent the explanation of how they were persuaded to do it.i think the way they handled that was done for dramatic purposes, as the omission of the explanation lent an aura of suspense to the crucial scene which otherwise wouldn't have been there (we would already have known what the scene was about, and what was going on with brad in it).otherwise, this is a pretty good film; i give it 7/10. it made me think. now i'm interested to find out the facts of the real case.one more thing: the movie was done in 1996. some of the reviews here seem to be treating it as a more recent movie.p.s. meadow sisto is lovely. i hadn't seen her before. she can act a little, too (always a plus in her line of work, lol).

the movie that i am going to review is a little television movie made in 1996 and it starred melissa joan hart and daniel baldwin.the main protagonist/antagonist jennifer stanton (hart) is a typical all american teenager who is feeling the pressure of having such a controlling father (baldwin). however, when she meets an ex con called nick ryan (jeremy jordan "never been kissed") they instantly 'fall' for each other, but jennifer has a different idea on where to take their relationship. she manipulates him to kill her parents, to protect their 'love' but she just used him to get rid of her parents so she can be with brad (david lascher future 'sabrina' cast mate for hart). melissa joan hart actually really surprised me with her role as an evil manipulator and she carries the movie well by using her friends and nick so she can literally get away with murder. the rest of the supporting cast work well and they each hold their own when they have screen time. i also found it interesting that this film was made and released the same year, hart, began portrayed sabrina, the teenage witch and this shows she can act in my genres of film and television.although the film has dated somewhat it stills stands out as some of her best work that involves drama or thriller and i am looking forward to 'nine dead' that comes out in november because it shows she can seen as other people that are not called "clarissa darling " or sabrina spellman"i recommend this film to anyone that is a fan of melissa joan hart or sabrina. you can watch this on the internet, so i suggest check it out.

when i was flicking through the tv guide, and came across "twisted desire" on the movie section, i read it's description. three words caught my eye "melissa joan hart" ...i find her role in "sabrina: the teenage witch" absolutely vile, i hate those kind of programs, so i was just thinking that it was going to be a boring old, love story starring her...little did i know.it finally started on the television, i had my bucket ready in case i were to puke over it's cheesiness or soppiness, you know what i mean. at first, you think she's just a nice, ordinary girl who's in love, but has mean parents. then when you find out she's manipulated her boyfriend into killing her parents, so she could be with her true love, you're like "whoa". you just don't expect this sort of role for that sort of actress. she played her role very well in my opinion, i never expected her to be able to act like such a bitch, and voilà, she did it perfectly! congrats to her, the movie was very good, i'd definitely watch it again and recommend it to others.

twisted desire (1996) was a tv movie starring melissa joan hart. melissa's character, jennifer stanton, a seventeen-year-old seduces her current boyfriend nick ryan into murdering her two parents. the movie is based on the 1990 murders of the parents of 14 year old jessica wiseman. jessica had her 17 year old boyfriend douglas christopher thomas shoot and kill her parents! thomas was executed in 2000! jessica was released from prison when she turned 21 years old. evidence now suggests that it was jessica who fired the fatal shot that killed her mother. jessica is known to now be residing somewhere in the state of virginia.

i recently stumbled across this film on tnt five minutes into it, while on vacation in florida... (hey there has to be some down time in the hotel, right?) i was initially surprised to see melissa joan hart in any feature length film on tnt. i mean "drive me crazy" isn't that old already, is it?but i stuck with it, and was thoroughly surprised and entertained. melissa plays her role as the psychotic jennifer excellently. the supporting cast (nick, the ex-con boyfriend; karen, her best friend; and her life-controlling parents) all added a great degree of believability. the twist at the end was a nice closure to this tale of the girl who always seemed to be one step ahead of everybody.if you get a chance, check it out!

a lovely little b picture with all the usual joe lewis touches.... people ripping up pillows and auras of lurking fear. also, alas, an ending that comes out of nowhere, because, apparently, the auteur has lost interest in the movie, or perhaps because as a b picture it has to fit into a slot.

joseph h. lewis was one of the finest directors of film noir. this is surely his best.it doesn't have some of the standard features of what we now call film noir. though american-made, it is set entirely in england. it lacks gangsters. it lacks a femme fatale. it does not lack crime.the title character answers an ad. she is overjoyed that she'll be making some money as a secretary. instead, she wakes up days later as the pawn in a frightening plot. only a very strong person could survive such a terrifyingly unsettling ordeal. and nina foch gives the sense of a strong woman as julia.part of the excitement comes from casting against type: ms. foch has an elegant manner. she is no screaming, cowering victim. she is actually a bit icy and patrician, albeit impecunious. this makes her character's plight all the more believable.surely the single most fascinating element is the casting of dame may witty. she was (and is) probably most famous for the charming title character in "the lady vanishes." she has a sweet manner and a harmless, slightly dithering manner. but here she is far from a heroine.george macready is excellent as her extremely troubled son. the whole cast, in fact, is superb.it seems that this famous and brilliant movie was made almost by accident. undoubtedly the director knew exactly what he was doing. but he did it on a low budget. that is the thrill and charm of film noir, the real film noir: it is small, convincingly lowlife, and, in this case, unforgettable.

nina foch insists that "my name is julia ross" in this 1945 film noir also starring dame may witty and george macready. it's short, and because it is, the film suffers. it could have stood to have been a good fifteen minutes to a half hour longer.when i was growing up, foch was a fixture on television, playing a neurotic woman, the wife with the cheating husband, the nervous wreck. she became one of the great acting teachers in los angeles. here, she's a pretty young ingenue playing the title role. julia answers an ad for a secretary and is hired immediately by mrs. hughes and her son ralph. little does she know - though we learn immediately - that the employment agent is a front, set up to get just the right woman for this assignment, a woman with no family and no boyfriend.it's a live-in situation; once julia gets to the house, she's drugged, and when she wakes up, she's told she's mrs. hughes and not allowed to leave.the acting is very good. low budget but still entertaining - some things, particularly at the end, happen way too quickly, which is why i said the movie is too short. nevertheless, i recommend it.

this was a typical grade b movie in 1940s hollywood and yet it succeeded way beyond its expectations. why? it has a wonderful plot and backed up by nina foch, george macready and dame may witty, as a female villain, of all people.when a young lady answers an advertisement for a secretary, she certainly gets more than she bargained for. the only talents her employers are seeking are those which will lead to her demise. seems that witty and macready want to pass her off as their daughter-in-law and wife, respectively. macready killed his real wife and wants to do foch in as well so that a body can be claimed.the film deals with how foch tries to get town people to believe her and how she is thwarted in practically everything she does. why don't people believe her?

greatly enjoyed this 1945 mystery thriller film about a young woman, nina foch,(julia ross) who is out of work and has fallen behind in her rent and is desperate to find work. julia reads an ad in the local london newspaper looking for a secretary and rushes out to try and obtain this position. julia obtains the position and is hired by a mrs. hughes, (dame may witty) who requires that she lives with her employer in her home and wants her to have no involvement with men friends and julia tells them she has no family and is free to devote her entire time to this job. george macready, (ralph hughes) is the son of mrs. hughes and has some very strange desires for playing around with knives. this was a low budget film and most of the scenes were close ups in order to avoid the expense of a background and costs for scenery. this strange family all live in a huge mansion off the cornwall coast of england and there is secret doors and plenty of suspense.

my name is julia ross is a mesmerizing 1945 b thriller from joseph h. lewis, arguably one of the very finest directors of hollywood noir films. this 65 minute gothic oddity from columbia pictures came after lewis' lengthy apprenticeship as the helmer of a string of poverty row westerns, east side kids comedies, horror melodramas (including the incredibly bizarre bela lugosi shocker the invisible ghost) and standard studio b product (secrets of a co-ed, bombs over burma, the falcon in san francisco, etc)---all of which set the stage rather nicely for what was to come from the enormously talented and inventive mr. lewis. my name is julia ross (as well as so dark the night from the following year) introduced a director who had mastered the rare and delicate art telling a dark and probing tale swiftly and efficiently on the most modest of budgets. later lewis productions like gun crazy (1949) and the big combo (1955), despite the expanded scope of their narrative structure, continued to rely upon deft, lucid camera work and effective low-key lighting. and very modest resources.my name is julia ross probably owes more to the tradition of british mysteries (it's set in a studio-bound england) than it does to conventional film noir attitudes and trappings. a young woman (nina foch) agrees to take a position in the home of an elderly woman (dame mae witty). two days after her arrival she awakens from a deep sleep in a completely strange house and, mysteriously enough, with a brand new identity---that of the old woman's daughter-in-law. told that she's been the victim of a nervous breakdown, she struggles to grasp the utter and seemingly hopeless nature of her predicament. but before long she begins to piece together the strange and troubling truth behind this dark mystery, that her "husband" (the always menacing george macready) most probably murdered his real wife and that she's been duped into participating in a harrowing and sinister scheme. much of what distinguishes this otherwise modest tale are the indelible touches that lewis brings to the production, marking it as the first of his truly serious endeavors as a film director.

for those who think of dame may witty as the kindly, slightly batty, old lady from hitchcock's the lady vanishes, this movie requires an adjustment. here, she's anything but kindly or batty. instead, her son, george macready is the loony one. just don't give him a knife, otherwise his eyes light up and no furniture cushion in the house is safe. now we know what he has in mind for the trapped nina foch if he can just get out from under mother's domineering hand.really tight little woman-in-danger film that keeps the suspense on high throughout. the script never strays from foch's dilemma. she's held prisoner in a big old gothic house on the edge of an angry sea. they're going to kill her, but why. her predicament makes no sense. the tension mounts as she tries one escape ploy after another, but even strangers seem against her. we begin to feel her helplessness and mounting paranoia as the world turns away from her.director joseph h. lewis took a big step toward cult status with this film and understandably so. then too, watch foch run subtly through a gamut of emotions without once going over the top. witty too shines as a really intimidating matriarch who knows what she wants and how to get it if she can just keep her wacko son in line. my one reservation is the climax which seems too contrived considering the timing of the events. nonetheless, it's a good, nerve-wracking way to spend a little over an hour, courtesy columbia studios.

julia ross (nina foch) agrees to take a position as a secretary with the rich hughes family to get over her boyfriend leaving her. almost immediately she is drugged and shipped off to the family's estate in cornwall. when she awakens they keep telling her she's marion hughes, has been mentally ill and keep her locked up...but why? you'll probably guess why but won't mind because this one is fun.along with "the narrow margin" and "face behind the mask" this is one of the best b pictures ever made. (b pictures were low budget pictures made quickly with low budgets and no major stars). it's just as long as it needs to be (only 65 minutes), is well-directed, fast paced and exciting. it only stumbles at the end which i found a bit too implausible to buy.foch (a good actress) is just ok in the lead but dame may witty is great and george macready is excellent (and frightening) as the villains. well worth catching. a perfect example of how you can make a great movie on a small budget.

nina foch delivers a surprisingly strong performance as the title character in this fun little gothic nail-biter. she accepts a position as secretary to a london society dowager (played imperiously by dame may witty) and her creepy son (the effete and bothersome george macready). before she knows it, she awakens to find herself in a seaside manor she's never seen before, where witty and macready are calling her marian and trying to convince the servants and the nearby townspeople that she's macready's mad wife. of course this pair can only be planning dastardly deeds, and even though we know julia has to eventually escape her trap, director joseph lewis builds real suspense in answering the question of just how she'll manage it."my name is julia ross" has nothing stylistically to set it apart from any number of films that came out at the same time period, but i was surprised by how well it held together despite its shoe-string budget and b-movie pedigree. there are quite a few moments that just may have you on the edge of your seat, and i found myself really rooting for julia as she caught on to the scheme underfoot and began to outsmart her captors. in any other gothic thriller, the heroine would have swooned, screamed and dithered, waiting for her hero to come and save her. so i can't tell you how refreshing it was to have the heroine in this film use her brain and figure out how to save herself.well done.grade: b+

having watched this film strictly on the strength of reviewers' ratings i was most pleasantly surprised. although clearly low-budget, it bears the signs of clever ingenuity. for example, when julia wakes in the strange house and looks out the window i found myself thinking that her sense of isolation would be enhanced with an exterior shot focused on her face and then moving backwards to include the house and its isolated location. and lo and behold! the next scene was exactly that last shot of the house standing lonely on the cliff at the water's edge. there are other examples of how a clever director can elevate his film to the level of a very enjoyable thriller. savvy viewers will surely spot them but should rest assured they will not be disappointed.as to the performances, george macready is his usual creepy self, barely maintaining his composure while suggesting a capacity for unadulterated violence. nina foch was surprisingly good as the no-nonsense working girl who's not about to submit without a fight. but dame may witty, oh boy, she even had me doubting my own eyes and believing she could get away with her evil schemes.this a real diamond in the rough and not to be missed.

second-feature concerns a young woman in london desperate for a job, happy to accept live-in secretarial position with an elderly woman and her son. thrillers about people being held in a house against their will always make me a little uneasy--i end up feeling like a prisoner too--but this rather classy b-film is neither lurid nor claustrophobic. it's far-fetched and unlikely, but not uninteresting, and our heroine (nina foch) is quick on her feet. rehashing this in 1986 (as "dead of winter") proved not to be wise, as the plot-elements are not of the modern-day. "julia ross" is extremely compact (too short at 65 minutes!) but it stays the course nicely until a too-rushed climax, which feels a little sloppy. *** from ****

a toothsome little potboiler whose 65-minute length doesn't seem a second too short, my name is julia ross harks back to an english tradition of things not being what they seem -- hitchcock's the lady vanishes is one example. out-of-work julia ross (nina foch) finds a dream job at a new employment agency in london, whose sinister representative seems very anxious to ascertain if she has living relatives or a boyfriend. after reporting to duty, she wakes up (having been drugged) in a vast manderley-like pile on the cornish coast, supposedly as the barmy-in-the-crumpet wife of george macready, who displays an alarming interest in knives and ice picks. his doting, enabling mum is the irresistible dame may whitty (this time a model of bustling efficiency on the other side of good-vs-evil than she occupied in the lady vanishes). the nightmare vision of this tale unfolds claustrophobically; we know what's going on but are powerless to tell poor julia. this movie, curiously, is regularly accorded a place of honor as one of the earliest (and very few british) films noirs. i think it's closer to the gothic old-dark-house tradition than the american one of wet cobblestones and urban corruption; it does, however, evince a more modern, psychoanalytic cast of mind. whatever you call it, it remains a sharply satisfying thriller.

i took a chance on "hardcastle and mccormick" by purchasing the first season's worth (canadian release) from amazon. when i got it, i started with the pilot, and i was instantly hooked after that. i rated it 5 stars on amazon, and i am rating it 10 stars here. it is just that good. what i liked about it were the opening and closing themes, and of course stephen j. cannell's logo at the end of each episode, but most of all, the relationship between the judge and mark as they worked together to crack each case. i was so hooked that i also purchased the second season as a companion, and i enjoyed it equally. if you do not have this excellent series on disc, i believe that you should purchase it and put it in your collection.

hardcastle and mccormick is an excellent tv show. yes, it is predictable much like the dukes of hazzard, hunter, the a-team, etc etc etc.this show is just good clean television. the relationship between hardcastle and mccormick is quite amusing. they often take jabs at each other several times an episode, which adds a great deal of humor to the show. it contains several car chases in almost every episode, but, who doesn't enjoy a good car chase? especially with the coyote! i only wish they made clean television like this today i highly recommend this!

yes, a tap dancing horror thriller........with shelley and debbie! goody goody. this is demented and campy fun and part of the guignol cycle of the 60s that leaked into the 70s. released as a double feature with the burt reynolds comedy fuzz this mad scare is so bonkers as to be throughly entertaining. like a mix of day of the locust, the other and baby jane, i suggest any prospective viewer take on the idea that this is almost meant to be skew-iff and sit with someone with whom you can shriek and elbow all through it. actually, get drunk whilst you watch it.....on cheap champagne. again, with many 30s film ideas they are also about delusion; the struggle of the time for a better life getting bitter and twisted by emotional madness falling into murder. but this one is just plain crazy. it also reminds me a lot of bloody mama the de niro - winters shlock fest that makes this film look positively glorious.

i had watched (and recorded) this a few years back on local tv and, having been underwhelmed by it, i subsequently erased the tape; however, when it was released by mgm as part of a "midnite movie" double-feature dvd of curtis harrington/shelley winters films for a very affordable price, i couldn't resist giving it a second look (this has since gone out-of-print). actually, i received the dvd a few months ago but only now, with harrington's passing, did i get to it; thankfully, this time around i was more receptive to the film and, in fact, now consider it one of the more satisfying whatever happened to baby jane? (1962) imitations (with whom, incidentally, it shared screenwriter henry farrell).the film offers a splendid evocation of 1930s depression america - with its child-star craze and sensational murders (exploited during the fake newsreel opening); it's stylishly made (kudos to lucien ballard's cinematography and the set design by eugene lourie') and boasts an effective david raksin score. shelley winters, debbie reynolds and michael macliammoir deliver excellent performances; the latter is especially impressive as the larger-than-life and vaguely sinister diction coach (though he ultimately proves a mere red herring!). also featured are dennis weaver and agnes moorehead (hers is only a cameo, really, as the evangelist she plays is mostly heard over the radio).many seemed to regret the inclusion of musical numbers by the kids (including an amusing mae west imitation), but i personally wasn't bothered by them; the film does slightly overstay its welcome due to an unhurried pace and (perhaps needlessly) convoluted plot. reynolds - a musical star herself - is ideally cast as the dancing-school owner and, despite their on-set rivalry, she and winters work well together. the latter, in fact, gives a more balanced depiction of paranoia and insanity than in whoever slew auntie roo? (1971); the narrative, then, comes up with a number of ironic twists that lead up to the expected grand guignol-type denouement. apparently, the film was toned down (it originally contained more gore and even a suggestion of lesbianism!) by producer martin ransohoff - against harrington's wishes - in order to get a pg rating...

some of the background details of this story are based, very, very loosely, on real events of the era in which this was placed. the story combines some of the details of the famous leopold and loeb case along with a bit of aimee semple mcpherson.the story begins with two mothers (shelley winters and debbie reynolds) being hounded as they leave a courtroom. the crowd seems most intent on doing them bodily harm as their sons were just convicted of a heinous thrill crime. one person in the crowd apparently slashes winters' hand as they make their way to a waiting car.soon after they arrive home, they begin getting threatening phone calls, so reynolds suggests they both move to the west coast together and open a dance school. the dance school is s success and they cater to incredibly obnoxious parents who think their child is the next shirley temple. one of the parents of these spoiled kids is a multimillionaire who is quite smitten with reynolds and they begin dating. life appears very good. but, when the threatening phone calls begin again, winters responds by flipping out--behaving like she's nearing a psychotic break and she retreats further and further into religion--listening on the radio to 'sister alma' almost constantly. again and again, you see winters on edge and it ultimately culminates in very bad things!! i won't say more, as it might spoil this suspenseful and interesting film.in many ways, this film is a lot like the bette davis and joan crawford horror films of the 1960s like "whatever happened to baby jane?", "straight-jacket" and "the nanny". while none of these are exactly intellectual fare, on a kitsch level they are immensely entertaining and fun. the writing is very good and there are some nice twists near the end that make it all very exciting. winters is great as a fragile and demented lady and reynolds plays one of the sexiest 39 year-olds i've ever seen--plus she can really, really dance.my only concern about all this is that some might find winters' hyper-religiosity in the film a bit tacky--like a cheap attack on christianity. at first i felt that way, but when you meet sister alma, she seems sincere and is not mocked, so i took winters' religious zeal as just a sign of craziness--which, i assume, is all that was intended.by the way, this film is packaged along with "whoever slew auntie roo?"--another shelley winters horror film from 1971. both are great fun...and quite over-the-top!

the 1930s. classy, elegant adele (marvelously played with dignified resolve by debbie reynolds) and batty, frumpy helen (the magnificent shelley winters going full-tilt wacko with her customary histrionic panache) are the mothers of two killers. they leave their seamy pasts in the midwest behind and move to hollywood to start their own dance school for aspiring kid starlets. adele begins dating dashing millionaire lincoln palmer (the always fine dennis weaver). on the other hand, religious fanatic helen soon sinks into despair and madness.director curtis ("night tide," "ruby") harrington, working from a crafty script by henry farrell (who wrote the book "whatever happened to baby jane?" was based on and co-wrote the screenplay for "hush ... hush, sweet charlotte"), adeptly concocts a complex and compelling psychological horror thriller about guilt, fear, repression and religious fervor running dangerously amok. the super cast have a ball with their colorful roles: michael macliammoir as a pompous elocution teacher, agnes moorehead as a stern fire-and-brimstone radio evangelist, yvette vickers as a snippy, overbearing mother of a bratty wannabe child star, logan ramsey as a snoopy detective, and timothy carey as a creepy bum. an elaborate talent recital set piece with pamelyn ferdin (the voice of lucy in the "peanuts" tv cartoon specials) serving as emcee and original "friday the 13th" victim robbi morgan doing a wickedly bawdy dead-on mae west impression qualifies as a definite highlight. david raskin's spooky score, a fantastic scene with reynolds performing an incredible tango at a posh restaurant, the flavorsome depression-era period atmosphere, lucien ballard's handsome cinematography, and especially the startling macabre ending are all likewise on the money excellent and effective. mgm presents this terrific gem on a nifty dvd doublebill with "whoever slew auntie roo?;" both pictures are presented in crisp widescreen transfers along with their theatrical trailers.

well, here's another terrific example of awkward 70's film-making! the rudimentary premise of "what's the matter with helen?" is quite shocking and disturbing, but it's presented in such a stylish and sophisticated fashion! in the hands of any other movie crew, this certainly would have become a nasty and gritty exploitation tale, but with director curtis harrington ("whoever slew auntie roo?") and scriptwriter henry farrell ("hush…hush…sweet charlotte") in charge, it became a beautiful and almost enchanting mixture of themes and genres. the basic plot of the film is definitely horrific, but there's a lot more to experience, like love stories, a swinging 1930's atmosphere and a whole lot of singing and tap-dancing! the setting is unquestionably what makes this movie so unique. we're literally catapulted back to the 1930's, with a sublime depiction of that era's music, religion, theatrical business and wardrobes. following the long and exhausting trial that sentenced their sons to life-imprisonment for murder, adelle (debbie reynolds) and helen (shelley winters) flee to california and attempt to start a new life running a dance school for young talented girls. particularly adelle adapts herself perfectly to the new environment, as she falls in love with a local millionaire, but poor old helen continues to sink in a downwards spiral of insanity and paranoia. she only listens to the ramblings of a radio-evangelist, fears that she will be punished for the crimes her son committed and slowly develops violent tendencies. the script, although not entirely without flaws, is well written and the film is adequately paced. there's never a dull moment in "what's the matter with helen", although the singing, tap-dancing and tango sequences are quite extended and much unrelated to the actual plot. but the atmosphere is continuously ominous and the film definitely benefices from the terrific acting performance of shelley winters. she's downright scary as the unpredictable and introvert lady who's about to snap any second and, especially during the last ten minutes or so, she looks more petrifying than all the freddy kruegers, jason voorhees' and michael myers' combined! there are several terrific supportive characters who are, sadly, a little underdeveloped and robbed from their potential, like michéal macliammóir as the cocky elocution teacher, agnes moorehead as the creepy priestess and timothy carey as the obtrusive visitor to the ladies' house. there are a couple of surprisingly gruesome scenes and moments of genuine shock to enjoy for the grand guignol fanatics among us, but particularly the set pieces and costume designs (even nominated for an oscar!) are breathtaking.

- after their sons are sentenced to life in prison, adelle (debbie reynolds) and helen (shirley winters) begin receiving threatening phone calls because someone fells their sons got off easy. the pair decides to move to california to escape the publicity of the trial and to start a new life. they start a dance school that is soon very successful. one of the students has a rich unmarried father with whom adelle quickly falls in love. in the meantime, helen is busy raising rabbits and becoming a little too infatuated with an evangelist on the radio. it's only a mater of time before everything falls apart and the women enter a world of madness and murder.- i can't help but compare what's the matter with helen? to whoever slew auntie roo?, also starring shelly winters. where that movie seemed almost restrained in its presentation of auntie roo's madness, there's nothing holding helen back in this movie. it may take a good deal of the movie's running time, but once she snaps, helen is one bad mad mutha. you don't want to mess with her. winters is so delightfully demented that it was impossible for me not to enjoy her performance. i'm not going to spoil the movie, but the things helen is capable of are totally over-the-top.- as good as winters is, reynolds is totally ridiculous in her role as the gold-digging tap dancer. i got the impression that she thought she was in a movie that would get her nominated for some award. this ain't citizen kane! quit acting so serious. hey, debbie, don't you realize that you're main purpose is to be a victim of winters' insanity.- i just love these former-female-stars-in-the-twilight-of-their-career horror movies. what's the matter with helen? is as fun as any.

a vastly underrated black comedy, the finest in a series of grand guignol movies to follow 'baby jane'. reynolds and winters are mothers of young convicted murderers (a nod to 'compulsion') who run away to hide in hollywood. they run a school for would-be movie tots, a bunch of hilariously untalented kids attended by awful stage moms. debbie, in her blonde wig ('i'm a harlow, you're more a marion davies' she tells winters) leads the tots at their concert and wins a rich dad, weaver. she also does a deliciously funny tango and, over all, gives an outstanding performance, unlike anything she'd done before. the atmosphere is a fine mix of comic and eerie. it looks wonderful with great period detail (30's). lots of lovely swipes at hollywood and the terrifying movie tot. micheal macliammoir has a ball as the drama coach: 'hamilton starr', he purrs, 'two r's but prophetic nonetheless'. see it and love it.

from the writer of "what ever happened to baby jane?" and "hush .. hush, sweet charlotte," this tail-end of the sixties horror cycle has some eerie and campy fun. micheál macliammóir does a victor buono-type bit, but too often the movie totters dangerously close to a bad musical ... there's a particularly awful children's recital about halfway through. debbie taps, tangos and tricks up a lá harlow, while winters' religious fanatic has a lesbian edge to her. agnes moorehead checks in as an evangelist. weaver has nothing to do - and even has to pay a gigolo to dance with debbie.

the most bizarre of the cinematic sub-genres is the so called "the great ladies of the grand guignol": camp horror films which combined over-the-top melodrama with gothic thrills and always starred by seasoned and almost forgotten actress from hollywood golden age in unflattering roles of either long suffering victims or screeching evil harpies. this genre provided them with an unusual acting showcase that allowed strut their stuff on the screen once again and win new generations of fans at expense of their glamorous images from yesterday."what's the matter with helen" is the last drop of this sub-genre with stunning performances of both debbie reynolds and shelley winters as the troubled mothers of two convicted criminals who run away from their past to the sunny california in the 1930s to open a talent school to milk out the eagerly mothers who want their daughters to be the next shirley temple. in california, debbie gets happiness, clients, tango, tap dancing and a new love interest (dennis weaver meanwhile shelley gets wacko with horrible flashbacks, menacing anonymous calls, menacing strangers, menacing agnes moorehead as a radio evangelist, cute little rabbits (!) and an unfortunate encounter with an electric fan (ouch!).the sloppy script (penned by henry farrell, the man who started all this genre with "whatever happened to baby jane" along with master director robert aldrich, joan crawford and bette davis) is full of plot holes, red herrings and wasted opportunities that could had made this movie great: the underlying themes of twisted motherhood (with debbie and shelley's characters as "failed mothers" and the overbearing mommies of the child stars) and obsessive female bonding (debbie and shelley relationship and the fact that the few male characters of this movie are either sinister or sleazy even dennis weaver dream boat texan) are wasted. instead we get debbie reynolds musicals interludes and dancing tots, although fun to watch take too much screen time of what is supposedly to be a psychological chiller. but still this movie is highly entertaining. the two stars and curtis harrington stylish direction easily overcomes its flaws. the movie recreation of the 1930's is colorful and elegant (look at debbie's clothes!) made with a very tight budget. the increasing atmosphere of madness and hysteria is genuinely creepy with a shocking finale that will haunt you for days. and you wouldn't easily forget that silly "goody, goody" song that runs through the movie either. and seeing an increasingly mad shelley winters screw every one of debbie reynolds' chances at happiness is a hoot to watch!8 out of 10.

"the lady from shanghai" is well known as one of hollywood's most troubled productions. welles' original cut was taken away by the producers and cut to ribbons. this made the already muddled mystery story even more difficult to keep track of. they post dubbed a good amount of his dialog because of the density of the irish accent, and the dubbing is all too apparent and poorly done. most disastrous of all, welles and his on screen and real life leading lady rita hayworth were falling apart in their relationship, and their tumultuous chemistry comes through on screen.fortunately, this is all overcome by just how fantastic orson welles' direction is. he makes the film incredibly stylish and atmospheric - every scene just seems to be breathing down your back from the screen. also, the characters and scenes are so bizarre they border on dreamlike and surreal. this sense of weirdness elevates scenes that are often found in these films, such as the courtroom sequences in the middle. i typically find courtroom dramas a bore, but welles' direction and quirky touches make them just as fascinating as everything else. the ending at the carnival reminds one of david lynch almost.the acting here is also very good. despite their failing relationship, welles and hayworth both give decent performances - their interactions however are just a bit lacking. everyone else is superb and delightful to watch though, especially everett sloane and glenn anders. "the lady from shanghai" obviously has its problems, but its worth watching just to see one of cinema's masters at his finest. (8/10)

i did no research on the film prior to my first viewing of it because it was part of a welles box set i had recently purchased. a box set i chiefly got because i wanted to own a man for all seasons and to also re-evaluate waterloo. so i stick orson and rita in the player and i'm treated to class and confusion in equal measure.on the surface the story seemed a simple one, man meets gorgeous woman and saves her from a couple of thugs, they click straight away and man gets offer of work on a cruise with woman and her famous lawyer husband, and then...............well it becomes murder mystery of plotted devilment and much shenanigans. michael o'hara (orson welles} himself doesn't really know what is going on, he is as confused as the viewer is, and that is wonderful to watch as he is pulled all over the place by pretty much everyone in the film. obviously being pulled by the heart strings by a femme fatale of such beauty as elsa bannister (rita hayworth} has its moments, but you just know that things are going to go pear shaped.so many wonderful things in the film, it has welles visual style all over it, see a scene in an aquarium that is marvellous and the ending sequences in a fun house is majestic on the eye. the narration from o'hara is joyously self mocking, and we get good light relief by way of a court case with everett sloane considerably lighting up proceedings.yet the film is an oddity, and in fact it's a choppy viewing experience, because {as i was to find out after} studio bosses cut the film by pretty much a whole hour, and that is just not only frustrating to us the viewer, but unfair on welles' vision. i'm positive that a full original cut of this film would have been lauded and revered wholesale, as it is tho, we have a very good and intriguing film, one that sadly only hints at greatness, but remains a fiendishly engrossing film that i'm glad i own to revisit further. 8.5/10

one reviewer notes that it does not seem to matter what welles actually says or does, he moves you. i concur. he was and remains a unique force in film. more than a triple threat who could act, write and direct, he had a genius uniquely suited to film. one can consider whether in an earlier age he would have been a painter. this film certainly reinforces that impression. a musician, a theatre actor, an heir to shakespeare? hard to tell but i am very grateful that his time cam with film and he have him captured on film. i like the accent. i like the face, the size, the style, the mind and the games. i love all of his movies and wish there were more. i particularly love how other actors interacted with him on film. many were never better or at least somehow different with him because he was o firmly there. even towards the end when his beauty was ruined, perhaps by his own intent, he was impossible to ignore and he made every scene he was in. rita was a gorgeous blonde -- a lana turner look alike but perhaps even lovelier and even then the eye goes to welles and one wishes for another minute, another film, another hour in his company. that is why we all wish we could come upon the lost scraps cut from his films because we know, we all know, that there is not part of him not worthy of our time. watch it and be grateful for the chance.

in a lot of his films (citizen kane, confidential report, touch of evil) orson welles gave him the role of an exuberant men. in "the lady from shanghai" it's the only time i see him holding the role of the victim. the role of the culprit, he gave it to rita hayworth, i guess it's because he was in love with her. therefore, it's an interesting film. but i find the story excellent too. the direction is genius, as usual with welles : two scenes are particularly brilliant: the one in the aquarium and the final one with the mirrors. this film is brilliant.(10/10)

the lady from shanghai is proof that the great genius orson welles could direct a "mainstream" movie if he wanted to. by comparison to his other, more artistic works, this film has only a moderate amount of craftiness, and almost no esoteric elements.the exception being, of course, the final scene in the hall of mirrors, widely agreed to be one of the greatest scenes in the history of film. it alone is worth the cost of a rental.the sweet surprise was the superb acting by the beautiful rita hayworth. her acting during the beginning and middle of the film is so excellent, she made the other actors appear as caricatures instead of characters. even the great mr. welles.

it is not as great a film as many people believe (including my late aunt, who said it was her favorite movie). but due to the better sections of this film noir, particularly that justifiably famous "fun house" finale, the lady from shanghai has gained a position of importance beyond it's actual worth as a key to the saga of orson welles' failure to conquer hollywood.by 1946 welles' position as a hollywood figure was mixed. citizen kane was not recognized as the great movie it has since been seen as due to the way it was attacked by the hearst press and by hollywood insiders themselves. welles' attempt at total control (direction and production and acting) of his movies seemed to threaten the whole system. his best job in this period was as edward rochester in jane eyre, supposedly shot by robert stevenson, but actually shot in large measure (with stevenson's blessing) by welles. but the credit went to stevenson. only the stranger, a film benefiting from a postwar interest in fleeing nazi war criminals, made a profit. for five years in hollywood it was barely a great record.welles returned to broadway in 1946, hoping to recapture his critical abilities by his production of around the world in 80 days. but despite the assistance mike todd, and cole porter composing the score, the musical was a failure. his failure occurred just at the same time that his wife, rita hayworth, was on the rise with her portrayal of gilda. so the marriage was going on the rocks as well.welles had to make money - his broadway production had led to his personal bankruptcy. he sold his interest in the possible movie rights to around the world to todd (which he would eventually rue), and he also sold the idea of a film about the career of henri desire landru to charlie chaplin, who was supposed to be directed in it (and who turned it into monsieur verdoux).the story goes that welles, with a $10,000.00 tax bill to worry about, called cohn and offered to do a film with rita for a down payment. cohn was willing to do so, but naturally asked what the film was. it was a wise question. welles was on a pay phone in new york in a pharmacy that had a book department. he grabbed a book with the title the lady from shanghai, and raved that it was a great thriller. somehow welles convinced the normally astute cohn that welles knew what he was talking about. cohn said he'd look into getting the rights, and sent welles his down-payment of $10,000.00. after cohn hung up welles bought the book and read it - and found it was really pretty bad. he spent time rewriting a treatment and screenplay that would build up rita's character of elsa bannister.certainly it has a curious plot development. michael o'hara is a seaman/longshoreman. he rescues elsa bannister, when she is apparently attacked by gangsters in a park in san francisco. elsa is married to arthur bannister (everett sloane) a crippled criminal lawyer with a great reputation. she convinces him to hire michael as the skipper of their yacht. the cruise also contains bannister's sinister partner george grisby (glenn anders) and one sidney broome (ted de corsia) who turns out to be a detective hired by bannister to watch elsa. when they can michael and elsa try to find time together, but broome or grisby keeps showing up.grisby makes michael an offer - he wants (for reasons connected to his so-called fatalistic view of modern society) to drop out of it, pretending to be dead. according to grisby (the plot becomes murky here) he can still collect his life insurance (although dead?) and use it to run off to the south seas. he will pay michael $10,000.00 if he will pretend to shoot grisby. this includes actually signing a document admitting to the murder (michael does not realize that such an admission would wipe out the need to produce a corpse if all the other evidence suggests that grisby is probably dead).of course grisby is killed, and michael is arrested for that, and for the murder of broome (shot with michael's gun). michael is tried with bannister defending him, and discovers that the latter is doing a second rate job because he wants michael to be convicted. michael is convinced that bannister is the actual murderer, and manages to escape just before the jury verdict. he is knocked out and deposited in a deserted carnival, and this leads to the famous "fun house" sequence and the conclusion of the film.it's a terribly confusing movie (as i have had commented on). that does not mean it's not worth seeing - visually it is striking. witness the fight between michael and the police in the trial judge's quarters, where he knocks the bailiff into the judge's bookcase, shattering glass. or the clever use of photography to capture hayworth diving from a rock, reflected on the lecherous grisby's binoculars.the acting is pretty good, in particular sloane (possibly that fine actor's best film role). glenn anders was a leading broadway performer. he rarely made movies before the lady from shanghai, and his slimy grisby is unforgettable. also ted de corsia does very nicely with broome - a detective who is really looking for his own interests, to his own cost.as for hayworth, she turns in a performance that was unlike most of what she had done before (blood and sand, tales of manhattan, and the strawberry blond are exceptions), and is a memorable siren. welles' o'hara is a very unusual character for the actor - a likable but naive man who learns the hard way not to believe what he secretly wants to believe. it's not kane, ambersoms, othello, touch of evil, or chimes at midnight, but it is a good film for all that.

neatly sandwiched between the stranger, a small film noir picture that proved welles can do a formidable genre work on budget and on time and ironically proved his biggest box office success in the forties, and macbeth, a no-budget shakespeare adaptation shot in old western shets in 23 days, comes the lady from shangai, a dark film noir woven from the very same fabric of wellesian mythos that covers the magnificent ambersons, mr. arkadin and any other film the director didn't manage to save from the clutches of studio bosses.six years after the maltese falcon, with the post-war craze of the film noir in full swing, welles, always ahead of his time, a true visionary director of tremendous artistic integrity, envisioned a labyrinthine world of shadows that is already darker, more sinister, paranoid and serpentine than anything his contemporaries were doing at the time. it's no wonder the movie was so misunderstood at its time, to the point that one full hour of footage was forever left in the cutting room floor, and it was once again europe that championed it as another welles classic.certain set-pieces stand out. the aquarium scene with its flickering light and ominous shadows, and of course the funhouse/hall of mirrors finale that is as classic a piece of wellesian bravura as any in citizen kane or the trial. the only faults i find with the movie is welles' ill-advised irish accent and perhaps some of the erratic editing in the first act. the story however unfurls in a progressively mesmerizing manner, which the cuts only serve to intensify. i believe the heavily chopped versions of shangai and ambersons attain a surreal quality for that matter.welles would exile himself in europe for ten years and return in 1958 to deliver yet another stonewall classic, the monumental touch of evil, perhaps the crowning jewel of the film noir that was already in its waning days by that time. shangai was not the box office success a star vehicle for hollywood's premiere star of the time, rita hayworth, ought to have been, and welles marriage with hayworth ended before the movie was even released. sixty years later and one hour of footage less, shangai is still one of the best film noir pictures one is likely to discover. surely that must count for something.

pure orson welles genius makes this one of the greatest of movies. welles is drawn into a murder conspiracy only to be set up as the fall guy, which is what he refers to with the sarcastic comment "big dummy that i am." plot is so complex that i still don't know whether the victim knew that his life was about to be lost. the shootout scene in the carnival hall of mirrors is one of the most amazing ever filmed. that scene alone is worth the price of admission. this is the only time that rita hayworth ever played a complex yet believable character. no one but welles would have had the nerve to cut her hair and dye it brassy blond. no one should miss this picture.

despite loving rita hayworth, finding the final few sequences of the film intriguing and being able to appreciate some of the subtler "symbolic" aspects of the cinematography, the lady from shanghai didn't quite work for me. i had a problem with most of the performances, the script and the overall structure. and in a film that's mostly people talking with each other in various situations, that's quite a problem. the lady from shanghai ended up at a very low "c", or a 7, for me.the lady from shanghai is really all about orson welles' character, michael o'hara. o'hara sees elsa "rosalie" bannister (rita hayworth) in central park on a carriage ride and hits on her. later, he saves her from a mugging and she takes a shine to him. o'hara is a seaman from ireland and the globetrotting elsa happens to own a yacht with her husband, arthur (everett sloane), a very famous and powerful california defense attorney. they talk o'hara into working for them, despite his initial reservations--it seems to him, and to the audience, that elsa is just looking for someone to have an affair with, and o'hara doesn't want to get involved.shortly after going to work on their yacht, a strange man, george grisby (glenn anders), who says he's arthur's partner, shows up at a port of call and begins stirring up trouble. eventually, grisby asks o'hara to enter into a very dubious and dangerous scheme. foolishly, o'hara agrees. naturally it gets him into quite a bit of trouble, and eventually, a number of mysteries are revealed.maybe my problems with the film lie in the fact that, so far, i'm not exactly a huge fan of orson welles, and here, he produces, writes, directs and consumes most of the screen time. i haven't seen anywhere near the majority of welles' work yet, but i've tended to like his later films better, when he became a bit more campy and performance-arty. i love f for fake (vérités et mensonges, 1974) for example, and i even kind of like his performance in casino royale (1967), when he bizarrely insisted on being allowed to do magic tricks at a baccarat table, but citizen kane (1941) never did much for me, despite giving it 3 or 4 chances over the years (including about one year ago; my rating was a low 7--the same as my current score for the lady from shanghai).welles' performance and the dialogue he's written for himself come across as affected and pretentious to me. he's a bit of a motormouth, a bit of a boor, and a bit monotone--he tends to sound like he's reading. his performance reminded me of what i've seen of welles' version of moby dick (listed on imdb as 1999, but "completed" in 1971, it can also be seen in orson welles: the one-man band (1995)), where he seems to be just reading to the camera and believing that he's inherently, sublimely dramatic. i'm also someone who almost never complains about accents, but somehow welles manages to make his irish accent sound affected and pretentious to me, too.as for the other performances, i can only say i thought hayworth did an excellent job. of course she's gorgeous, which doesn't hurt. plenty of eye candy here. like welles, sloane also seemed a bit affected and pretentious to me--i never quite bought his character, his handicap and so on, and anders is simply bizarre where bizarre doesn't seem to fit. welles often shoots him in close-up and anders almost always has some over-exaggerated, manic expression on his sweaty face.structurally, the lady from shanghai is very uneven. the first 50 minutes or so are extremely bland and soap-operatic, although the soap opera ministrations tend to be approached from a tortuous oblique. once grisby introduces his scheme, things pick up a bit, and mostly improve as we near the end. but by the time the lady from shanghai becomes a crime/mystery film, it's too little too late, and it quickly turns into a courtroom drama before the sudden, thrilling ending that comes almost out of nowhere and is over far too quickly for its relative excellence.the ending is more action-oriented, less-dialogue heavy, more varied and exotic in settings, and at times, fairly abstract. welles handles that combination of material skillfully as a director. if the lady from shanghai would have been a largely a combination of the crime/mystery stuff and the arty ending, it could have easily been at least a 9. the final scenes are easily 10s, as welles shifts from a hitchcockian suspense scene in a san francisco chinese opera house to another suspense scene in a chinese amusement park. the funhouse climax uses cinematography that was experimental for its time. it's well integrated with the script, as it allows a complex resolution and fuels a lot of symbolism.the cinematography throughout is interesting, even if it usually can't make up for the problems in the foreground. welles blocks scenes with skill. there are lots of attractively filmed settings, from central park to acapulco to various san francisco locations. welles effectively creates symbolic backdrops for his action, from the emphasized heights and precipitous drops of acapulco to the maze-like caribbean streets, the beautifully framed and silhouetted shots of the san francisco aquarium, and so on. the romance material, for which the aquarium serves as one backdrop, is interestingly tempered with a kind of unease throughout the film, but on the other hand, that makes the romance never quite work as romance.surely serious welles fans will appreciate the lady from shanghai much more than i did, and of course it's worth a watch if you love rita hayworth. the lady from shanghai isn't exactly a terrible film, in my view, but it's dangerously close to not "passing". proceed with caution.

it's very hard to say just what was going on with "the lady from shanghai" and what the film could have been without studio interference. orson welles' prime interest in film at this point was to raise money for his theater; indeed, funding his own projects is what drove him to seek out acting jobs. he made "lady from shanghai" for his soon to be ex-wife, rita hayworth. harry cohn was fearful for rita's image and held back the release of this movie for one year.the plot concerns an irish sailor, michael o'hara, who falls in love with else (hayworth, stunning with short blond hair). her husband is a well known criminal attorney arthur bannister (everett sloane) who is as crippled on the inside as he is out. he hires o'hara to work on his yacht, and there o'hara is drawn deeper and deeper into a web of murder and deceit."the lady from shanghai" moves at a snail's pace, though i agree with one of the posters that films today are criticized for taking time to build a plot. still, this movie drags. the scene in the fun house is fantastic - welles wanted it without music, though, and i believe the studio cut it down. it's a shame. the photography throughout is stunning, atmospheric, bold, and very stylish.welles was an excellent actor, handsome in his youth, charismatic and possessing a magnificent voice and technique, but in many films, it's almost as if he doesn't trust himself or doesn't take the time to develop a character. instead he relies on externals such as accents and fake noses. one of the only times he didn't do this was "tomorrow is forever," where the director gets an excellent, deeply felt performance out of him. contrast that with "compulsion" where he shows he is a master of pure technical acting as he phones in his performance. here welles is doing quadruple duty - as director, star, co-writer and narrator. sporting a completely unnecessary accent and looking intense was a fast way to a characterization. nevertheless, he is always compelling.the supporting players are excellent, including sloan and glenn anders. hayworth, gorgeous and soft-voiced (her singing was again dubbed by anita ellis) is as usual a complete goddess and one of the great screen presences. what a sad life for such a vibrant beauty.any film that orson welles directed is worth seeing, and "the lady from shanghai" is no exception. but this one leaves the viewer frustrated, as does "the magnificent ambersons" - as does any work that welles did within the studio system. he was a great artist who should have been given a freer reign; he wasn't. he was a strange dichotomy - he needed more freedom, but as is evidenced by some of his later work, he needed the structure of the studio. alas, he couldn't have both.

the lady from shanghai is weird even by the standards of its eminent director, orson welles, whose last hollywood film this was for many a moon. it's a kind of post-modern film noir made during the period when more conventional films of this type were quite popular, and it concerns a happy go lucky irish sailor (played by welles) who falls in with a mysterious lady (rita hayworth, who was married to welles at the time), and her crippled, and probably impotent husband, played with a brainy, malevolent gusto by everett sloan. a long sea voyage follows, with welles in tow as bodyguard, and the plot thickens when sloan's law partner (glenn anders) turns up and starts making trouble by giving odd speeches about suicide and other morbid topics that suggest that the man is on the verge of mental breakdown. a murder plot ensues, and all sorts of calamities follow for welles and his employers, and at this point the story, fuzzy and told at a leisurely pace thus far, goes off the deep end, and the last part of the film consists of brilliant directorial set-pieces that seem to have been thrown in to give the movie some of the drive and urgency its story does not, by itself, possess, and the result is a very watchable and often pleasing at all times incomprehensible mess.it's hard to know what welles was trying to do with this film aside from maybe resurrect his career in hollywood by making a vehicle for his wife. but self-destruction intervenes, as it often does with welles, and miss hayworth has never looked less fetching. that she is also cast as a femme fatale seems peculiar, as aside from her beauty her most appealing trait as a screen personality was lovableness, a quality she does not possess in this picture. the director himself is strangely unappealing and hammy at o'hara, the (presumably) easygoing sailor, since welles, for all his many gifts, was not known as an easy man to work with. this is a role that twenty or thirty years later sean connery or robert shaw might have been able to breath life into. welles does not. the most interesting performance in the movie is glenn anders' as grisby, sloan's loony, treacherous law partner. anders works wonders with the part, and is photographed to look bizarre, while his scenes end on odd, sour notes, and are often choppily edited; but for all this he manages to make grisby's derangement palpable and disturbing, and anticipates, in a genteel way, the more flamboyant method actors of the fifties, such as timothy carey.there is a question that nags me about this film: what was welles trying to say? he was a highly talented and intelligent man, and tended to make statements in his movies, which, whether one agrees with his world view or not, were brilliantly put forth. i think i have an answer, or a partial one: welles was summing up his movie career. he had reached the end of his rope in the hollywood studio system he despised, and he knew it. the lady from shanghai isn't exactly a nose-thumbing at the studio moguls of the day, but i suspect that it is, in its portrait of amoral, rival big shot lawyers (read: producers) expressing welles' opinion of the power brokers of hollywood. that he presented himself as a rootless sailor is telling. welles himself was certainly an inveterate traveler, and he rarely lived in one place for long. he was hired by a studio to provide it with a big, prestigious film (citizen kane), which caused a firestorm of controversy from which he never fully recovered. this may be the issue that dares not speak its name in this film, which is to say welles' personal failure in not getting over the shock of his newness in the movie colony, and his inability to deliver the goods, as promised. the mere fact of him turning up in hollywood, like his mere presence in the film, could not forestall disasters well beyond his control. that he presented himself in the movie as an amiable, naive outsider shows a lack of self-knowledge on welles' part. he was much more of an inside player than he let on, and i imagine that he despised his knowledge of the worldlier aspects of life, and himself for knowing so much.

this 1947 film stars and was directed and written by orson welles (with a funky irish accent) and also stars the gorgeous rita hayworth with less appealing short blonde hair. so, i've hung out with orson before in touch of evil and citizen kane and the third man etc. but this was my first rita hayworth interaction. our first meeting went well, she does a superb job playing the frightened/cagey elsa, married to a crippled millionaire lawyer. mike (welles) and elsa fall for each other. he wants to run away with her, she doesn't know if she can live without the things money can buy. elsa, her husband, and his partner bicker and bite, just like the sharks mike describes attacking each other and his foretelling proves just too true. several twists and turns follow in this murder mystery as we come to the climax in the fun house. (think the ending shootout in the man with the golden gun, which borrowed heavily from this scene). i wasn't sure who the murderer was until the end.this movie is like shrimp in garlic and lemon. the dish centers on the sea, it is subtle, sour, and pungent, all to great effect. these might not be the best, fresh shrimp, but good quality frozen shrimp from costco. the flavorful sauce adds to the naturalness of the pink shrimp as you fill up on a healthy, but filling alternative to more mundane, common fare. 7/10 http://blog.myspace.com/locoformovies

what can i say, it's a damn good movie. see it if you still haven't. great camera works and lighting techniques. awesome, just awesome. orson welles is incredible 'the lady from shanghai' can certainly take the place of 'citizen kane'.

surreal film noir released soon after the "real," genre-defining classics "the maltese falcon," "double indemnity" and "the postman always rings twice." welles films shouldn't be evaluated against others. he was playing by different rules. in fact, he was playing. this starts where other femme fatale films leave off, so the vaguely logical (but interesting) whodunit is embellished with a display of wellesian scenes (typical rapid-fire style), dialog (lots of "hard-boiled" philosophy), and unusual acting (good hayworth presumably intentionally one-dimensional). to welles "genre" may have meant "formula" but he seemed to like using "mysteries" as backgrounds for his "entertainments."

any film in the early days of orson welles is a triumph all the way to the third man with joseph cotton. he is also wonderful in a touch of evil. please see them all! he tends to get pompous and self serving in films like f is for fake, really stupid waste of film.don't waste your time watching it. it is really ignorant. orson welles is a film icon and anyone studying film should see everything he has filmed. all his leading ladies are tremendous but in the end welles became a fat drunk, like his character in a touch of evil! for some reason orson welles had a way with women, i see how he could be considered attractive in his youth, not like gary cooper or joseph cotton, or cary grant,john wayne, i could go on and on but i digress... and because i am a woman,i can see the attraction to him. he (orson welles) is one of the last true film makers and unless you count the film-makers of today: tarantino, scorscese, spike lee, most of the film makers just don't measure up to the film makers of the forties! i know there are many more great film makers of today but in such a short amount of time i can't name them all. no offense to any of the great film makers of this millennium! august 21,2006. please remind me of some current up and coming film makers, i don't want to be stuck in the past! i love some of the films out now, but rarely are there any that i would put on a "100 best" list.. "hustle and flow" was great, so was "fargo", and "oh, brother, where art thou," from a line in sullivan's travels; another fine film from the forties! can anyone give me a best list for the 90's and on up to 2006? i would like to know who to watch! thank you! also props to this website! where else can you plug a film or boo it! i love the ranting and raving from regular folks like me who can say what i want and i promise not to spoil any film for someone who hasn't seen it yet!

orson welles manages to knock me on my ass with every picture of his i see. lady of shanghai is on the same level as his other masterpieces, the magnificent ambersons, touch of evil, the trial, and chimes at midnight. the plot can tend to be confusing sometimes, and sometimes it seems to be moving maybe a tiny bit too fast (about an hour of it was edited out when test screenings went poorly). it doesn't matter, however. you can't watch welles' films and manage to concentrate too much on the plot. his direction defines what great direction is. almost any scene from this film can hold up with any other scene he directed. check out the courtroom scene. usually they are such stock scenes that i can't stand them. case in point, try to sit through welles' own speech near the end of compulsion. in lady from shanghai, just pay attention to the level of detail in that courtroom scene. watch that juror who is always sneezing and interrupting the proceedings. or just take a look at the lighting in that scene. i know, it is just a simple venetian blind, and that it was used constantly in film noirs and crime films of the era, but welles gives it a beauty all its own. the dialogue is also remarkable. welles had the skill, a skill that no one else seemed to have, to make a crime film containing examples of the grandest poetry. whether he was speaking shakespeare or spitting out hard-boiled lines, it had the power to stir the soul. 10/10.

this could be well have been the definitive film noir of all time, had not the columbia studios cut so much of orson welles's original. what we are left with is a flawed, yet brilliant film that showcases the overwhelming talent of welles as an actor/director and rita hayworth as a serious dramatic talent.'the lady from shanghai' is film noir at it's most sizzling and confusing. welles, with an uneven accent, portrays michael o'hara, a journeyman irishman, who, after a fateful encounter with the seductive, dangerous elsa bannister (hayworth, in a great performance)finds himself virtually coerced into accepting a job as a crewman on her and her crippled husband's (everett sloane) yacht. elsa, or 'rosalie' as michael likes to call her, plays the innocent, helpless doll very well, ensnaring o'hara in her web. as the lovers conduct a not-so-secret affair at sea, arthur bannister's partner in his law firm, george grisby (glenn anders)comes aboard. he is a weird, untrustworthy figure who offers michael a unique proposal: he will get $5000 to assist grisby in the faking of grisby's death, so it looks murder. the plan is for michael to get off a technicality, and run off into the sun with elsa. but things do not go to plan.hayworth delivers us one of the best femme fatales of all time in a very ambiguous portrayal. at times she seems genuinely vulnerable and child-like, at others brutal, world-weary and hard. always she is brilliantly beautiful, whether he situation calls for her to be dripping wet in a swimsuit or dressed in black, brandishing a gun. hayworth is beautifully photographed here, and she is a far-cry from her famous 'gilda' role. her then-husband orson welles cut off her trademark auburn locks for a dyed blonde crop (angering columbia boss harry cohn). it was a terrific marketing ploy, and he change suits her changed attitude wonderfully. she is not the sympathetic femme fatale that 'gilda' is, here- instead she is a predatory, black-hearted dame who sees murder as a very useful option.the welles and hayworth pairing came at a time when the couple were having extreme difficulties in their marriage. they would divorce after the film was made, so this is also a curiosity for providing some view into the complicated relationship. they are hateful, not romantic, lovers in this, so it's hard to gauge whether or not they had real chemistry on screen. certainly every encounter is potent and filled with raw sexuality, with welles as the 'fall guy' (he even admits it himself in the film!) and rita as the double-crossing babe.welles character is the typical noir 'drifter' with not much sense. as welles voice-over proves to use, o'hara indeed does not use his brain very much 'expect to be thinking of her (elsa)'. welles usually played intelligent, charismatic fellows, so his turn here as the dim-witted michael is unusual and very interesting. indeed, welles was an actor of fine talent and he pulls off it well.everett sloane is suitably slimy as hayworth's crippled husband. one wonders why he hires michael. it is obvious that his wife is interested in him romantically, so why does he invite a 'threat' on board? one interpretation could be that michael provides the 'service' to his wife that bannister cannot in his crippled state. there is definitely something to that theory, with a lot of implications toward elsa's behaviour before she met her husband (was she some sort of prostitute?)and grisby's knowledge of bannister's most intimate secrets being hinted at in several scenes.this is a jumbled, convoluted film with a plot that is ultimately flawed. we are more interested in the love triangle than the murder plot, as with most noirs. welles provides us with many of his usual brilliant cinematic touches, including the justifiably famous 'hall of mirrors' climax. it's a terrific scene, one ending that can almost obliterate the faults earlier on in the movie and lift it into greatness. this fun house scene is visually stunning, with a dali-like feel to the painted sets (apparently orson painted them himself). subtle visual imagery utilized throughout the film by welles enhances the plot and makes this a thought-provoking experience.the dialogue is scorching and confusing, delivered superbly by rita's alternately breathy low voice and helpless, high-pitched little-girl voice. hayworth proves her acting capabilities in this one, and proves that she is the ultimate femme fatale of 'noir'. it's a pity (only a slight one , as rita was a brilliant dancer) that she did so many delightful yet frothy and often forgettable musicals for columbia in the 40's instead of darkly-themed noir like this. she was a brilliant actress when given the chance to show off her talent.9/10.

in nyc, seaman michael o'hara (orson welles) rescues elsa bannister (rita hayworth) from a mugging & rape as she takes a horse & carriage through central park -and lives to regret it. titian-haired hayworth's a platinum blonde in this one; as dazzling as fresh-fallen snow -but nowhere near as pure...to reveal any more of the convoluted plot in this seminal "noir" would be criminal. it's as deceptive as the mirrors used to cataclysmic effect in the final scenes -but the film holds far darker secrets: from the ny times: "childhood shadows: the hidden story of the black dahlia murder" by mary pacios "mary pacios, who was 5 years old when she was befriended by 15 year old bette short, retraces short's steps, interviewing friends and associates. she also offered a detailed, if speculative, analysis of orson welles -particularly in regard to his movie "the lady from shanghai". according to ms. pacios, the movie, along with related archival materials, has many of the same ritualistic elements associated with short's murder. she raises the question: could welles have been the killer?" interesting theories -and with the spate of books now out on "the black dahlia", much more may come to light. fritz lang's brutal "film noir", "the big heat" (1953), was a roman-a-clef telling of the "dahlia" killing in "the city of nets" that was l.a. -but it's the orson opus that the "dahlia" had a "hands-on" connection to. in reality, it was bugsy siegel (and the hollywood mob wars of the 1940's) that did the "dahlia" in ...but that doesn't negate much of what pacios wrote. almost all of hollywood intersected with elizabeth ("the black dahlia") short and her tale/aura/legacy/curse is encoded in a number of golden age films.the "black dahlia" was always on the peripheral edges of "shanghai"-even before it started filming. barbara payton on franchot tone: "it was when he was thinking about making "the lady from shanghai", before he lost the option to orson welles. franchot said he'd been in a bad state over that deal when he ran into the dahlia in the formosa cafe* across from the goldwyn studios..." *the floor above the formosa cafe was bugsy siegel's office and "the dahlia" one of his on again/off again working "girls".it gets deeper and darker- after the 1951 brawl over barbara payton between tom neal and franchot tone that sent franchot to the hospital with a concussion and "never talking the same way again," barbara said, she married tone "just to spite neal." tom ("detour") neal also knew "the dahlia" (who didn't?) and became obsessed- from "l.a. despair" by john gilmore: "the january 1947 slaying of the young, beautiful would-be actress elizabeth short, known as "the black dahlia", was one of the most grisly murders in the annals of modern crime. a project, called "who killed the black dahlia?" was being kicked off by actor tom neal, a hell-raiser from ww ii movies. potential producer gene harris: "someone will have to come up with a more imaginative business proposition than what has been presented by tom neal and his cohorts..." not long after: "it would be very clear one beautiful day to come, when tom would sneak up on his pretty, new palm springs wife as she lay on their sofa and shoot a .45 bullet through her head." barbara payton and norma jean dougherty (later marilyn monroe) knew the "dahlia" and their stories are well known. it seems all who crossed the path of the "dahlia" (like the proverbial black cat) entered a "twilight zone" darkness and/or had an incredible string of bad luck afterward. tone/neal/welles are only a few -and this includes a butchered film called "the lady from shanghai"..."lady from shanghai" took two years to be released, thanks to extensive re-editing -and all because columbia president harry cohn couldn't understand the story. it's dark "noir" to be sure -one of the darkest, in fact. it's also a wicked satire on life in the new atomic age.nicolas christopher:"shanghai" pushes forth an insistent subtext of nuclear apocalypse and contains the definitive noir statement concerning the atomic bomb and the american city. the film's principal murder victim (and there are many), a psychotic and double-dealing lawyer, manically foresees armageddon at every turn, claiming he can "feel it." he announces that he plans to escape to a remote pacific island -a particularly acid joke on welles' part since this was the very year the u.s. began testing atomic bombs at just such a place, the bikini atoll, relocating all the inhabitants and destroying the ecosystem. by the time of bikini, the erotic identification of hayworth with the bomb appears to have been institutionalized, with the blessing of the military brass; the first bomb dropped in the pacific testing ground in named "gilda" and has hayworth's image, in provocative dress, painted directly on its casing..." its ironic that orson welles' broad interpretation of an irishman is considered a detriment to the film by many. welles is giving a clue to viewers that "michael o'hara" is only the storyteller - not part of the story even though it revolves around him. "o'hara" contradicts the shark motif throughout the film. sharks on a feeding frenzy won't stop until there's nothing left. "michael o'hara" lives to tell the tale. "elsa bannister" causes a feeding frenzy during "o'hara's" trial and her netted chapeau suggests she's caged in -so as not to devour the human spectators to a roman coleseum. the spectators are on a feeding frenzy of their own, gossiping and carrying on about "elsa" -a human aquarium correlating to the san francisco marine museum sequence. that's the human condition ...except for "michael o'hara". and yet he'll be spending his life trying to forget his past ("elsa") -or die trying. "elsa" is part of "michael" and the tale eats its own tail in the end and the viewer is cautioned to stay out of trouble.

the first mystery is to guess what welles' original film was like. that makes this a real adventure -- to see an incomplete skeleton and using cinematic forensics, imagine the beautiful woman it once supported.if you do, you will both see and experience perhaps one of the best film mysteries ever. as mysteries go, the narrative is rather ordinary: a simple diversion, one jealous husband as red herring.what's rather miraculous is welles' placement of the story in an artificial eye seeing a dark, dark multifaceted world. the first real noir, but even darker. it's not an obviously twisted world, unless you think about the camera. what we can see firsthand is someone creating a vocabulary that would later become common.for all the celebration, kane was a success because of the great drama and story. the camera's eye was shocking, but experimental. welles would go from there to explore the mystery narrative and the self-reference of shakespeare with this eye. othello and macbeth are both begun in this period, and i consider them part of a single vision with this. the noir feel here hinges on the notion that people are not in charge of their lives, even a little -- they are manipulated by random factors in the environment. so in telling this story, welles has to make the environment into a character. several characters as suspects in the mystery.thus we have the famous lighting, blocking and angles we know (and have since seen countless times). and we have the deliberately closed sets: the park, yacht, picnic area, aquarium, dock, courtroom, chinese theater and funhouse. i am certain that what was cut by the barbarians was lots and lots of 'external' narrative dealing not with character but with these strange environments.my own solution to the mystery is that the funhouse did it, among the other character-environments introduced as suspects. in other words, the manipulation of black irish (who we know from notes and one scene typing at the union hall was an aspiring novelist) was neither: a force of human conspiracy (the park or the civilized version, the courtroom) nor of nature (the picnic or the civilized version, the aquarium).instead it was a matter of deliberate caprice by the gods for amusement. this is of course a self-reference to what welles is doing: putting these people (including himself) through hell for our own caprice, a matter underscored by the peking opera set with welles doped up. and of course leading to the funhouse where the environment directly tinkers with perception.more about the self-reference: surely there is conscious comment on his relationship with his soon to be exwife. but i believe there is strong subconscious comment on his own taunting the environment in which he worked, the studio environment. surely welles was as much screwed with, and in much the same way, as his character. and that screwing took the form of the murder of this film, leaving the rotting corpse mentioned at the beginning of this comment.that poor rita comes from china ties up the whole thing, the chinese theater, the expected rape from above, the loss of the woman. the investment in environment beyond all.

at the point in time that the lady from shanghai was being made, the marriage of orson welles and rita hayworth was disintegrating. the film was as much an effort by welles to rekindle the old flames as it was to make a classic noir. not received well at the time, the lady from shanghai has gotten more and more critical acclaim as years pass. gotten better with age so to speak.welles is irish seaman michael o'hara who on a fateful night rescues the beautiful rita hayworth from three muggers in central park. sparks do fly, but then comes the rub, turns out the lady is married to crippled, but brilliant criminal attorney everett sloane. nevertheless sloane takes an apparent liking to welles and hires him to skipper his yacht.so far this film is starting to sound a lot like gilda. if orson had seen gilda and was not at this point thinking with his male member, he would have skedaddled back to the seaman's hiring hall in lower manhattan. instead he gets himself involved in a lovely web or intrigue and finds himself pegged for two murders and sloane as his eminent counsel.welles for whatever reason decided that his wife would be a blond in this film. supposedly harry cohn hit the roof as rita was internationally known for her coppery red hair. this may have soured him on the picture as he joined the legion of studio bosses who saw welles's vision of independent film making a threat to their power.stage actor glenn anders plays sloane's partner grisby who is one slimy dude, he winds up a corpse. the other corpse to be here is ted decorsia, a bottom feeding private detective who tries to go in business for himself.it's a good noir thriller, showing rita at her glamorous best even if she was a blond here. the final shoot out in the hall of mirrors is beautifully staged, but i wouldn't recommend seeing it if one is on any controlled substance.

made in 1946 and released in 1948, the lady and shanghai was one of the big films made by welles after returning from relative exile for making citizen kane. dark, brooding and expressing some early cold war paranoia, this film stands tall as a film-noir crime film. the cinematography of this film is filled with welles' characteristic quirks of odd angles, quick cuts, long pans and sinister lighting. the use of ambient street music is a precursor to the incredible long opening shot in touch of evil, and the mysterious chinese characters and the sequences in chinatown can only be considered as the inspiration, in many ways, to roman polanski's chinatown. unfortunately, it is welles' obsession with technical filmmaking that hurts this film in its entirety. the plot of this story is often lost behind a sometimes incomprehensible clutter of film techniques.however, despite this criticism, the story combined with wonderful performances by welles, hayworth and especially glenn anders (laughter) make this film a joy to watch. orson welles pulls off not only the irish brogue, but the torn identities as the honest but dangerous sailor. rita hayworth, who was married to welles at the time, breaks with her usual roles as a sex goddess and takes on a role of real depth and contradictions. finally, glenn anders strange and bizarre portrayal or elsa's husbands' law partner is nothing short of classic!

as i watched one of orson welles' last contributions to hollywood as a filmmaker, i knew i was watching a great movie unfold, though at times i did not know why. the story in the lady from shanghai has the prime elements of a film-noir: average-joe lead, femme fatale, conspicuous supporting characters, and a comprehensible if somewhat convoluted plot structure. it is an entertaining ride, and it's filled to the brim with welles' unique gifts as a director, but there are scenes that tend to just not work, or don't feel complete in what was welles' full vision (the latter is unfortunately too true- executive producer harry cohn and the columbia execs are to blame for that).welles co-stars with his then wife, the profoundly gorgeous rita hayworth, as mike o'hara, an irish worker who can and does get angry at the right people. hayworth is mrs. bannister, married to mr. bannister (everett sloane, who played mr. bernstein in citizen kane), who is accompanied by a friend mr. grisby (glenn anders, who has great control in his eyes). they want to go sailing on their yacht and take o'hara along for the ride, and at first he's reluctant, but agrees since he's falling for the married mrs. as their journey unfolds, o'hara finds that bannister and grisby are not pleasant to be around, and more so with grisby, who at first seems out of his gourd. yet as the plot unfolds, o'hara is drawn into a scam that grisby is planning for insurance money, with results that i dare not reveal (although they have been discussed over and over by others).whatever liabilities pop up here and there in the mystery part of the story (and those few noticeable moments where shots were studio dictated), the performances and the look of the film are what remains striking after over fifty-five years. though he doesn't have the terrific greg tolland (kane's dp) at his side, dependable charles lawton jr. assists welles in creating an atmosphere that is both elegant and stark, covered in shadows, deep focus, low angles, the works. a particular accomplishment is the fun-house mirror scene, which is merely a highlight among others. welles himself is always dependable as an actor- even if his accent isn't anything special- and hayworth herself makes a scene a little more lush, despite her path in the story. the lady from shanghai is worth checking out, especially for welles, hayworth, or film-noir buffs (fans of the coen brothers might find this fascinating as well). it may just take a little while, repeat viewings (as was for touch of evil), for the underlying motives in the plot to sink in.

orson welles' "the lady from shanghai" does not have the brilliant screenplay of "citizen kane," e.g., but charles lawton, jr.'s cinematography, the unforgettable set pieces (such as the scene in the aquarium, the seagoing scene featuring a stunning, blonde-tressed rita hayworth singing "please don't love me," and the truly amazing hall of mirrors climax), and the wonderful cast (everett sloane in his greatest performance, welles in a beautifully under-played role, the afore-mentioned miss hayworth--welles' wife at the time--at her most gorgeous) make for a very memorable filmgoing experience. the bizarre murder mystery plot is fun and compelling, not inscrutable at all. the viewer is surprised by the twists and turns, and welles' closing line is an unheralded classic. "the lady from shanghai" gets four stars from this impartial arbiter.

one can only imagine the film mr. welles might have finished without the interference of the studio! this film is a flawed welles, but worth every minute of it because one can see the greatness of perhaps america's best motion picture director of all times!we can see the toll it took on orson welles the filming of this movie. the story has a lot of holes in it, perhaps because of the demands of the studio executives that didn't trust the director. it is curious by reading some of the opinions submitted to imdb that compare orson welles with the coen brothers, roman polanski, even woody allen, when it should be all of those directors that must be regarded as followers of the great master himself. no one was more original and creative in the history of american cinema than mr. welles. lucky are we to still have his legacy either in retrospective looks such as the one the film forum in new york just ended, or his films either on tape or dvd form.rita hayworth was never more lovingly photographed than here. if she was a beauty with her red hair, as a blonde, she is just too stunning for words. everett sloan and glenn anders made an excellent contribution to the movie.the only thing that might have made this film another masterpiece to be added to orson welles body of work, was his own appearance in it. had he concentrated in the directing and had another actor interpret michael o'hara, a different film might have been achieved altogether. orson welles has to be credited for being perhaps a pioneer in taking the camera away from the studio lot into the street. the visuals in this film are so amazing that we leave the theater after seeing this movie truly impressed for the work, the vision and the talent he gave us.

after citizen kane in 1941, hollywood executives turned their cob-webbed backs on the great orson welles. with the exception of kane, welles lost all creative control on magnificent ambersons, journey into fear, and many other films to come. welles was an innovative and creative genius, the most unconventional of filmmakers when hollywood was in need of a few more. the lady from shanghai is yet another example of the misunderstood view of welles' films at the time, a movie that seems a bit choppy and non-fluent. it has a conventional 1940's premise told in a most unconventional way, and i am sure some scenes ended up on the cutting room floor. it is now legend that columbia mogul harry cohn stood up during its initial screening and asked what it was about. in hindsight, many old grumps that ran the studios back then had not one clue as to the cinematic techniques and master story-telling of orson welles and the lady from shanghai is only nearly great because of their intrusion.beside being arguably the greatest director of all-time, welles was also quite a performer as an actor. at 25, we all know what he did as "charles foster kane", perhaps the most famous character in film history. here, he inhabits a rare character of dim wit and not much intelligence, something unfamiliar to those familiar with welles other great work. instead of a slick, wise tongue, he speaks with a rough, irish twang. rita hayworth (his unhappily married wife at the time) plays an unhappily married wife of a lawyer who puts welles in a spell and is able to draw him into a job that will take him to the limits of deception and disillusionment. he is a large lug who may have even murdered a man, but the real mystery lies in the relationship between hayworth (with stunning blonde hair) and crippled hubby everett sloane (mr. bernstein from citizen kane). a creepy partner of sloane's is along for the sail around the country to set off a number of peculiar events that has welles' "michael o'hara" head spinning. welles narrates the picture as o'hara, but things are still unclear throughout. see for yourself and realize that it takes at least 2 viewings to fully know exactly what's up.an uncharacteristically strange courtroom sequence centers around "o'hara", with sloane defending him. it is an oddly comedic scene with some quirky courtroom methods, including sloane cross-examining himself. i didn't really laugh here because the film stalls at this point after a first portion that never gets to take off anyway. up to this point, the cinematography is great, some scenes are shot with craft and skill (aquarium love scene), but there is no distinct line drawing the elements and us, the audience, in. reportedly, the court scene was re-shot against welles' requests (10 closeups of hayworth were ordered) and a makeshift song sung by the starlet was thrown in at cohn's insistence. a gaudy score infuriated welles, who once again, was left out of the editing process. thank welles himself for saving the film entirely with a tour-de-force ending that will always be treasured. the so-called "hall of mirrors" scene brings buffs back time and time again, rightfully so.it must be seen to be believed and it does a good job of wrapping up some confusing ideas presented. the crash of the mirrors represents "o'hara's" disillusionment and the "crazy house" itself is a masterpiece of art and set decoration. it seems more like a state of mind than an actual place and is indeed "crazy", twisted and turned like a dali painting. this is a great ending to a flawed picture that if left alone would probably have made the afi's top 100. then again, 3 or 4 more of orson welles films may have made all collective "best of" lists if he had been left alone to create his own magic.note: look for the mercury players that are so prominent in welles pictures. they pop up all over. rating: 8 of 10

of all the film noirs of the 1940s and 1950s, this has to rank as one of the strangest, and most fun to watch. i say that because of the four main actors: orson welles, rita hayworth, everett sloane and glenn anders. the first two names are familiar to everyone but it was the last two that made this movie so entertaining to me, especially anders. his character, "george grisby," is one of the strangest people i've ever seen on film. his voice, and some of the things he said, have to be heard to be believed. slaone isn't far behind in the "strange" category. hayworth is not as glamorous with short, blonde hair but still is hayworth, which means a lot to ogle if you are a guy. welles' is as fascinating as always. one tip: if you have the dvd, turn on the english subtitles. his character in this movie is an irishman and you need the subtitles to understand everything he says. welles also directed the film which means you have great camera angles and wonderful facial closeups. you also have a unique ending, visually, with a shootout in a house of mirrors. great stuff! as bizarre as this film is, i still thought the buffoon-like carnival atmosphere at the trial near the end was too much and took away from the seriousness of the scene. other than that, no complaints. this is great entertainment, which is the name of the game.

after all, you do not go to an orson welles movie to see a nice simple little plot and a burnishing of the image of a happy-ever-after star…you go to see theatrically heightened characters locked in conflict against colorful and unusual settings, lighted and scored imaginatively, photographed bravely, and the whole thing peppered with unexpected details of surprise that a wiser and duller director would either avoid or not think of in the first place… as usual, as well as directing, welles wrote the script and he also played the hero – a young irish seaman who had knocked about the world and seen its evil, but still retained his clear-eyed trust in the goodness of others… unfortunately for him, he reposed this trust in rita hayworth, whose cool good looks concealed a gloomy past and murderous inclinations for the future… she was married without love, to an impotent, crippled advocate, acted like a malevolent lizard by the brilliant everett sloane… there is a youthful romanticism underlying it all, and this quality came into exuberant play in "the lady from shanghai." before the inevitable happened, welles escaped – to a final triangular showdown in a hall of mirrors, which has become one of the classic scenes of the post-war cinema … welles did not miss a chance throughout the whole film to counterpoint the words and actions with visual detail which enriched the texture and heightened the atmosphere… his camera seemed almost to caress rita hayworth as the sun played with her hair and her long limbs while she playfully teased the young seaman into her web…

these are excerpts from a nine-page "memo to mr. cohn from mr. welles", written after orson had seen studio mogul harry cohn's edited version of the picture (he took an hour out): "...the preview title music was written by a first rate composer, george antheil. although not written for our picture at all, this temporary title music had an atmosphere of darkness and menace combined with something lush and romantic which made it acceptable...the only musical idea which seems to have occurred to this present composer (heinz roemheld) is the rather weary one of using a popular song--the "theme"--in as many arrangements as possible. throughout we have musical references to "please don't kiss me" for almost every bridge and also for a great deal of the background material. the tune is pleasing, it may do very well on the hit parade--but lady from shanghai is not a musical comedy...mr. roemheld is an ardent devotee of an old-fashioned type of scoring now referred to in our business as "disney". in other words, if somebody falls down, he makes a "falling down" sound in the orchestra, etc., etc...if the lab had scratched initials and phone numbers all over the negative, i couldn't be unhappier about the results...just before i left to go abroad, i asked vi (viola lawrence, the editor) to make a cut which would involve dropping the near accident with the taxi-cab and also quite a bit of dialogue. i am convinced that this would have been an excellent cut...saving much needed footage in the slow opening sequence (this was not done, accounting for the main weaknesses of the film's opening reel)...there is nothing in the fact of rita's diving to warrant a big orchestral crescendo...what does matter is rita's beauty...the evil overtones suggested by grigsby's character, and michael's bewilderment. any or all of these items might have inspired the music. instead, the dive is treated as though it were a major climax or some antic moment in a silly symphony: a pratfall by pluto the pup, or a wild jump into space by donald duck...there is no sound atmosphere on the boat. a little wind and water is sorely missed. there's no point in photographing a scene on a real boat if you make it sound as though it all happened in front of a process screen...at the start of the picnic sequence...in the temporary score, we used a very curious, sexy latin-american strain...this has been replaced with a corny "dramatic" sequel--bad stock stuff...this sort of music destroys that quality of strangeness which is exactly what might have saved lady from shanghai from being just another whodunit...there is a big musical outburst after grigsby's line, "i want you to kill him." this is absurd...the hawaiian guitar music which comes out of the radio...was supposed to be corny enough to make a certain satirical point. as it stands now, it's on about the same level as the rest of the scoring. nobody in the audience could possibly suspect that we're kidding...the aquarium scene needs more echo. "please don't kiss me" is in again!...a bad dubbing job and poor scoring has destroyed the character of michael's run down the pier. from the gunshot through to the phone call, a careful pattern of voices had been built up with the expenditure of much time and effort. for some reason, this has all been junked in favor of a vague hullabaloo. as a result, the whole sequence seems dull...the audience should feel at this point, along with michael, that maybe they are going crazy. the new dubbing job can only make them feel that maybe they're going to sleep...the gun battle with the breaking mirrors must not be backed with music...the closing music again makes reference to "please don't kiss me"...this finale is obvious to the point of vulgarity, and does incalculable injury to the finish of the picture."all of these edits from orson were ignored

i was very impressed with this small, independently made picture. the story, about a pair of social outcasts who meet, become friends, and provide each other with a support system both seemed to lack as children, is at times hilarious, at times sad, but always provocative. music, mostly by underground bands, was used to great effect, as was the experimentation with camera angles, filters, and slow or fast motion techniques. the performances (the leads are played by the writers and directors of the film) are some of the best i've seen in the last couple of years. if you ever felt like a square peg being forced into a round slot, i really believe you'll appreciate "by hook or by crook".

people claim its edited funny but they had to cut it down substantially in post production. i have harry as a professor right now at ucsd, and honestly its one of the best classes i've had, its rather funny to here about what happened in making the film cause harry is so animated. i originally watched "joy of life" for another class where harry did a voice over in the film, and started watching this film after i started the class. harry originally did some performance work, and is really genuine about creating moments that move you, especially when you have to re edit things until you hit on that moment, but its something you see in this film.

by hook or by crook is a tremendously innovative film from a pair of immensely smart and talented filmmakers, harry dodge and silas howard. they manage to tell an original story in a distinctive cinematic style, and it's beautifully shot by ann t. rosetti, and wonderfully written -- truly poetic. the lead characters are true heroes and serve as a rare kind of role model/inspiration for butch dykes and trannies everywhere. this film has so much energy, so much poignant passion and scruffy san francisco heart to it. i can't recommend it highly enough! the best butch buddy movie of all time!

what is so taboo about love?! people seem to have major problems with the transgenered.the title of this movie didn't catch my eye. it was a grainy shot about 4 minutes into the movie is what made me stop channel surfing. i could not believe how freaking amazing this film was. it touches on so many levels of human emotion that it did not once fail to move me in some way. it is by far one of the best independent films i have ever seen. i did not view these characters as either gender, just human. i would recommend it to anyone who loves movies. especially independent films. praise to all fearless filmmakers!

a great and truly independent film that hit most of my emotions and carried me into another world. isn't this why we go to the movies? i was especially impressed with the editing and the music, the combination of which was very transportive.

this low budget digital video film has strengths in the right places--writing and acting. in addition the digital photography is the best of the lot so far. in low light conditions the characteristic video umber tone prevails but, surprising, it rivals film stock for brightness, clarity, and, saturation in brightly lit situations. this is grass roots film making at its best with snappy dialogue carrying a "midnight cowboy" kind of story about grifters doing whatever it takes to survive in urban san francisco.

i loved this movie from the opening sequence right through to the end. i found the director/ actor's style of directly addressing me/the audience very engaging.what i found most exciting and refreshing about this movie was its ignoring -- and thus challenging -- of gender and class stereotypes. the idiosyncrasies of the characters are portrayed as strengths, and the absence of judgment -- and the characters' acceptance of themselves and each other -- enabled me to embrace them and allow myself to be drawn into their world. without preaching, and with intelligence and gentle and loving humor, this movie has the power to open us to new possibilities, and offers hope for a world in which people see and accept each other as unique and precious individuals. i look forward to more offerings from this creative and talented director.

very good drama about a young girl who attempts to unravel a series of horrible crimes. she enlists the aid of a police cadet, and they begin running down a series of clues which lead to a traveling carny worker with a long police record. an ending which is guaranteed to keep you on the edge of your seat.

this is a nice piece of work. very sexy and engaging enough plot to keep my interest throughout. its main disadvantage is that it seems like it was made-for-tv: full screen, and though there were several sex scenes, there was absolutely no nudity (but boy did it come close!). strange, too, since netflix shows that it was rated r.nonetheless, very titillating, and i wish alicia silverstone made more movies like this.one netflix reviewer stated that it was part of a series, but i have been unable to find out what series that is. i'd like to find out, though, because this movie was that good.walt d in lv. 8/23/2005

i thought this movie was wonderfully plotted it made me confused and my cousin who watched it with me.to tell the truth i think that the younger kevin dillon was hot.hahahaha...but i also thought the girl was stupid to go along with the cop and that was wrong what he said to her before his death"i was inside you".i think that's what she gets for doing what she did with him and how is he going to tell her that she's too young when he never cared how old the other girls were.?now i don't think i myself could ever trust a cop like that.but to tell the truth it was pretty obvious it was him even if he was wanting to become a cop i would still be suspicious of him either way.and that was funny when she sprayed him in the eye in the store.hahahahaha.she was still stupid for going into the warehouse again by herself and so was the cop who died hello!! it's called back-up.sometimes these movies make me mad when people act stupid and do stupid things.but that's what i think an thought about the movie.

i saw true crime when it was first released back in the mid-nineties and i have watched it many times since. it is a great mystery about mary (played by alicia silverstone), a high school senior in a california town who's classmate's younger sister was tortured and killed by an unknown murderer. mary meets tony (played by kevin dillon), a police cadet who sees how bright she is and they decide to work together to try to find the killer.many suspects in this one. true crime feels very "true" or real to me. i read a newsgroup review where someone wrote that total suspension of disbelief is present here and it is so true. alicia silverstone is perfect in this role and kevin dillon and bill nunn do a great job, as do the other actors. the locations are right on and the writer/director, pat verducci, really captures some of the realities of teenage life and of mary's loneliness (see the scene where mary awakens from the dream sequence after having viewed the photos she took of tony). i wish verducci would make more movies.i have not seen any other movie quite like true crime. 10/10

i got to see the whole movie last night and i found it very exciting.it was at least,not like the teen-slasher movies that pop out every now and then.the search for the killer and the 'partner' relationship between the hero&the so-called bad guy was parts i liked about the movie.also,i remember once being on the edge of my seat during a specific scene in the movie.i mean it's exciting.maybe some time later,i might watch the movie again...

i have seen this movie and even though i kind of knew who the killer was from the beginning i still liked watching it. i would recommend it to other people. it comes on lifetime movie network quite a lot. and i am thinking since it's close to halloween they might play it more. so please be on the look out for it if you are interested in watching it. i believe that alicia silverstone played her part very well. i really like her as an actress and person. she seems so nice and down to earth. kevin dillon he's performance was so so for me. i am not trying to knock him or anything but i believe that his brother matt would have been able to pull this bad evil serial killer persona better. kevin just seems too sweet for me. but i think he did okay.

this is the best made-for-tv movie of all-time! am i saying this because i'm a huge silverstone fan? partially, but even without her, i'd still see it. i'm a fan of serial killer genre films, and believe this to be a great entry in that category. also, mary giordano easily ranks among alicia's top five character creations. totally memorable - like she really exists. i'd have her on my side, too, if there was a mystery to be solved. she plays the character, like she does with her real life, with complete confidence in everything she does. seems sweet, honest, nice...just like she is in real life. so is that acting? yes, indeed, she's sort of a rebel once again. this time she's not bad, she's too good and a bit afraid to do things that seem above the law. but she doesn't do things the normal teenager would do. instead, she spends her time reading detective mags and solves crimes. a cliche abounds: she's sort of avenging her father's death, in a different way than vigilante-style. at the time, alicia seemed to be playing the same characters: rebellious, seductive, without a parent, a loner. this happens here, too, but she's a bit nerdy this time around. that doesn't matter; she's still cool as a nerd. check this out soon, or else giordano will be investigating why you haven't...

i searched out this one after seeing the hilarious and linguistically challenging "clueless" (1995), perhaps alicia silverstone's best known effort from early in her film career. "true crime" has kevin dillon, which should be helpful in improving most film projects. in fact everyone in the cast does a good job . the only disappointment i think the movie has for me is an awkward "feel" to some of the scenes, coming from the need to run a quite uncompromising, grown up theme as part of what in tone starts out as a schoolgirl adventure.alicia silverstone is pretty good in this one. she carries off well the naive enthusiasm and growing unease that affects mary giordano as she manoeuvres towards the truth behind the serial murders. i reckon her characterization of mg has some mileage in it too. the inference of the story line is that she goes on to a career in law enforcement. it could be really interesting for an older silverstone to revisit giordano at a time of crisis later in the officer's life. just a thought!"true crime" shows its director in a good light. pat verducci also has the writing credit. i don't know of any other film work pv has done. i can only wonder what happened after such a promising start.like most productions, this one has a largely unknown supporting cast, although bill nunn (detective jerry guinn) is hardly that. over the past decade he seems to have been able to secure an impressive number of screen appearances. i recall seeing him recently in "carriers" (1998), a made for tv presentation with a military theme. bill nunn played "captain arends". fans of the classic us tv comedy show "who's the boss" may also have an interest in "carriers" because the leading player is judith light, remembered with affection by many because of her lengthy involvement with the show."true crime" could easily not have worked, but it does ok. i think it is an entertaining story worth seeing.

joan fontaine here is entirely convincing as an amoral beauty who is entirely incapable of feeling love for anyone but herself. her husband (richard ney) has lost all his money through a combination of his foolhardiness and her extravagance, and they are reduced to living in a tiny room, with little or no prospects. they continue to put on the most amazing clothes and go out and socialize as if nothing were wrong. he is a charming, feckless, but wholly amiable fellow. however, fontaine decides he has to go, as he has outlived his usefulness. so she resolves to poison him when she realizes he does not want to divorce her, so that she can move on. she has meanwhile had a lover (patric knowles) whom she decides to drop because he is not rich either. she meets the aging herbert marshall, who has a yacht with all the trimmings and more money than even fontaine could figure out how to spend. she targets him and decides he will do nicely. he is all too eager to be eaten up by the young beauty. he certainly isn't very exciting, and has about as much sex appeal as yesterday's omelette. but fontaine is one of those gals who has eyes only for money, and the man standing between her and it is transparent, so that she doesn't even notice or care what he looks like, she looks through him and sees what she really wants and goes for it. she proceeds to poison her husband, and dispatches him very neatly and satisfactorily, so that everything is going well. but as always happens in the movies, and sometimes even in life, some unexpected things begin to go wrong, and the tension rises appreciably, so that fontaine begins to sweat. fontaine is particularly good at looking wicked and terrified, and as the net begins to close in on her, her rising sense of desperation is palpable and has us on the edges of our seats. hysteria and fear take over from cool calculation and cunning. but she finds a fall guy for her crime in the person of her cast off lover, who is an innocent victim of her scheme to set him up. he is condemned to death for murder, because the husband's death by poison came to light unexpectedly. but sir cedric hardwicke, playing a grimly determined scotland yard inspector, thinks there may be something amiss, and begins to doubt the story and suspect fontaine. he closes in on her, and some of the scenes as this happens are inspired portrayals of the wildest panic. but will the innocent man's life be saved before he is executed? will fontaine worm her way out of this one? will herbert marshall protect her to safeguard his infatuation? this film is expertly directed by sam wood, and the film is a really superb suspense thriller which i suppose qualifies very well for the description of a superior film noir.

does anyone happen to know where this film was shot? the aviation scene on the cliff is beautiful. it appears to be england. however, ivy's apartment building certainly looks like the brill building, with its fascinating elevators.charles mendl is listed as playing "sir charles gage". maybe i blinked, but i never saw him. perhaps he was the husband's lawyer, but, again, i don't recall that character being in the film, other than being mentioned as having made a phone call. perhaps he was in the aviation scene? or the ballroom scene? did anyone spot him?herbert marshall was 57 years old when he shot this film.

warning: contains a spoiler. corny plot and in many cases terrible acting. fontaine is great, but some others, particularly richard ney, ivy's husband, are exceedingly wooden. ney lies in bed, dying of arsenical poisoning, with every hair in place. yet the movie is so juicy and so suspenseful. more faithful to the book than most movies of its era. casting joan fontaine as a poisoner (and an adulteress, which was just as shocking then - i'm not kidding, kids) was a masterful stroke. she's just her usual joan fontainey self. as murderers were supposed to, she dies by falling "feet foremost through the floor into an empty space."

an excellent period murder melodrama, with fontaine effectively playing against her earlier naive wallflower type, in a role that reportedly olivia dehavilland turned down. that's fine, because fontaine is wonderful. scripted by charles bennett, who had written for hitchcock in the thirties and also later penned the excellent script for the classic british horror film night of the demon. the opening scene, where ivy visits a sinister fortune teller played by the wonderful una o'connor (the screecher of james whale fame), is a tour de force, and the film maintains interest throughout the numerous sinister machinations. i hope to see this film on dvd someday, but despair of that ever happening, because it seems to be an undeservedly obscure film. fortunately i got to see it on amc some seven or eight years ago, but have not seen since. catch it if you can!

poor ivy: though to the manner born, she had the bad luck to marry a charming wastrel (richard ney). as the movie is set in the 20s or 30s, when rigid victorian ideas of class were starting to fray at the edges, this uncertain status vexes her unduly. the gretorexes (for so they are called) don't know where their next shilling is coming from but there are yachting parties and fancy-dress balls in posh pleasaunces aplenty to tempt her. when ivy (joan fontaine) makes the acquaintance of a wealthy older gent (herbert marshall, who must have been born middle-aged), she sets one of her extravant chapeaux for him. luckily, one of the beaux she still strings along (patric knowles) is a physician whose consulting rooms provide a cache of poison, with which she bids her hubby farewell. the fact that it implicates knowles doesn't phase her a bit, even as the hours trickle by until he should be hanged by the neck until dead. the turning of the plot depends on police inspector sir cedric hardwicke; knowles' mother (the redoubtable lucile watson); and knowles' loyal housekeeper (una o'connor). sam wood adds some subtle touches to this well above average melodrama; fontaine's luminous face supplies the rest.

joan fontaine stars as the villain in this victorian era film. she convincingly plays the married woman who has a lover on the side and also sets her sights on a wealthy man, miles rushworth who is played by herbert marshall. mr. marshall is quite good as miles. miss fontaine acted her part to perfection--she was at the same time cunning, calculating, innocent looking, frightened and charming. it takes an actress with extraordinary talent to pull that off. joan fontaine looked absolutely gorgeous in the elegant costumes by travis banton. also in the film is joan's mother, lillian fontaine as lady flora. i highly recommend this film.

loved joan. great performance. what isn't she good in. i watched this film and then jane eyre right after... she just keeps getting better. my heart was racing. great old movie drama. just what i want from a classic movie. facial expressions are worth the whole film. i'm glad i have it on video. don't know what more you need in a film. beautiful woman....wealth..... greed.....murder....detectives......a trial.....the costumes are very nice. makes me wonder what the budget was for this movie? wish they still made films like this. whenever they try they just seem to make a cheesy movie. films in black and white still hold a certain mystery.

you'd be forgiven to think a finnish director from helsinki would be no good at directing an american horror movie (especially one entirely located inside a us prison) - see this to prove yourself wrong! it was produced in the 80's after all and the film was made on a budget more fitting to a modern diy company tv advert (something i think anyone would really notice nowadays what with practically everyone being accustomed to $100m+ budgets for action movies unfortunately dominating the industry mind!) being mr harlin's first major production and the - at least what nowadays would be considered a stellar - cast. i still think most of the nordic contribution to the film industry as a whole is more to do with stellan stargaard's screen appearances (not mentioning the well overrated mr(s) bergman directorial efforts) - at least for all female viewers - but this flick really proves there does exist proper movie talent outside of the us and hollywood to make us watch a film in suspense. do try and watch this movie even if you're not a horror puff, imo it's definitely worth it!

i was living rawlins when this movie was made and i got lucky enough to be able to work on it. both as an extra and with eddie surkin on special effects. it was fun to see all the behind the scene workings, from the barbedwire coming alive to the electric chair up through the wardens office floor. also it was a lot of fun getting to meet all the actors, from viggo to tiny. also the gate that was cut into the prison wall for the movie was and still is called "disney gate" by locals. if anybody is interested and is ever in rawlins, most of the movies sets are still in place and can be seen during the self guided tour. it was a lot of fun working for and with r. harlin and wished i had a chance to do it again.

caught this film in about 1990 on video by chance and without knowing what i was in for. many horror fans may have missed this thinking it was a typical prison film and the ones who did get it didn't like it as it was not what they wanted to see. the above mentioned factors are probably the reasons it is low rated but just ignore that and give it a whirl if you're a fan of the genre.it has strong suits in all departments from script and atmosphere to acting and the prison itself. an absolute diamond, a film i still have on video to this day. check it out.

a long-defunct prison, shut down for over 20 years, is re-opened and ethan sharpe (the late, great character actor lane smith), once a guard there, is put in place as warden. as the prisoners are put to work fixing the place up, they're instructed to break into the old execution room. this unleashes a fierce spirit that wreaks merciless havoc upon both guards and prisoners; cool-as-can-be low-key prisoner burke (viggo mortensen, showing real poise in an early role) is thrust into the role of hero.i know it's a no-brainer to praise the film for its atmosphere (it was shot in an actual abandoned penitentiary near rawlins, wyoming), but it elevates this horror film to a higher level. it's got a great sense of foreboding, established right at the outset. director renny harlin made his fourth directorial effort here; it got him the "nightmare on elm street 4" directing gig and effectively began an impressive career in mainstream action movies, thrillers, and horror films.it may have stock characters, but it's got a capable cast bringing them to life: chelsea field as the young woman vying for prison reform, lincoln kilpatrick as weary veteran convict cresus, tom everett as restless con rabbitt, ivan kane as the outgoing lasagna, tommy "tiny" lister as soft-spoken giant tiny, and arlen dean snyder as captain horton. it's also worth noting as an early acting credit for kane hodder (as the vengeful spirit) that helped *him* land the gig of playing jason voorhees in the "friday the 13th" series.decent special effects, moody lighting courtesy of prolific genre cinematographer mac ahlberg, spooky music by richard band and christopher stone, great visuals, the incredibly gloomy location, and an overall flashy and intense presentation help to make it quite entertaining. it's nasty, gruesome, and good fun for a horror fan.8/10

prisons are not exactly renowned for their kind hospitality and 'happy vibes', what with stories of fights, chaos, murder and of course extreme male bonding! but the prison in this film is a different beast altogether. horror films set in cells are, as you probably know, nothing particularly new as they emphasis and exaggerate the fear of claustrophobia and the inability of escape – two of the greatest themes in horror cinema. with such examples as the chair (waldermar korzeniowsky, 1988), the green mile (frank darabont, 1999), alien 3 (david fincher, 1992)and of course the entire women in prison exploitation genre itself, another entry into this niche has to be something inventive and a lot of fun to boot in order to be recognised. or at least that's what you'd have thought. prison is certainly an incredibly fun and enjoyable ride and it's somewhat of a shame that it isn't as well known as it should be.the film, in short, centres on an old prison (well, duh!) which has been reopened. however, it's not just fellow inmates and guards the prisoners have to fear, but also a mean ass demon ghost spirit with only one thing on its mind; death! and boy, are we treated to some awesome death scenes! i won't spoil anything here for you but there are plenty of innovative and enjoyable murders all done by invisible hands.besides the special effects and the murders, this film also has another thing going for it; it's cast. headlining, we have lord of the rings (peter jackson, 2001-2003) star viggo mortensen (and for all those so inclined, yes, he does get naked) whose performance is not only highly believable, but is done with such skill that his eastwood-esquire character is both bad-to-the-bone and likable (a very delicate mix). add him to a cast of 'hey-wait-a-minute-i-know-that-guy' actors and you've got yourself one great set of stars. the characters themselves however lack three-dimensionality and more often than not come across as very stereotypical. we've got a black oculist, a hard-as-nails prison warden, a human-rights activist woman and plenty of other stock characters. but in all honesty, this 'fault' actually aids the film. instead of boring character development in an over-long equilibrium, we are chucked, more or less, straight into the action and once it gets going (very early on) there's not a single scene that's a filler – it's balls to the wall plot. unlike a certain shawshank redemption (frank darabont, 1994 )! sharing conventions with the slasher genre, this is somewhat of a convention itself, and, in good ol' slasher genre tradition, prison punishes those who have been bad.all in all this is an excellent little horror film and one which is sadly overlooked and unmentioned among the horror world. with an excellent cast and great special effects and rather original death scenes this film is highly recommended to horror fans. don't be fooled into thinking it'll be a cheesy little film either, just because it was made in usa 1980s, it's far from cheesy (although the very end does ruin this) and, simultaneously, far from gritty and realistic (whilst it attempts to tackle issues such as prison rape, these are rather subtly done).i give it 3.5 out of 5 luvs. a very entertaining horror film with some very nice touches indeed.

viggo mortensen stars as a new inmate of a haunted prison in which the warden (played well by lane smith) has a grisly secret that could be the reason why various prison guards and inmates are being slaughtered by a supernatural presence. lincoln kilpatrick is the lifer who knows the secret and is scared for his life. when i think prison movies, i always think action movies starring stallone or van damme or high caliber dramas such as shawshank redemption or the green mile. however i didn't expect a ghost story more along the lines of exorcist iii. prison however is an atmospheric effort and it certainly remains the best movie of renny harlin's career. the movie is creepy and has some good acting from a cast of (at the time) unknowns. lane smith comes off the best because his warden isn't the usual cliché of evil personified but rather nervous and twitchy which adds some credibility to a movie that far exceeds expectations.*** out of 4-(good)

prison is not often brought up during conversations about the best eighties horror films, and there's a good reason for that because it's not one of the best...but as you delve past the classic films that the decade had to offer, this is certainly among the best of the lesser known/smaller films. the film does have some connection to blockbusters; for a start it's an early directorial effort for renny harlin; the capable director behind a number of action films including die hard 2, cliffhanger and deep blue sea; and secondly we have an early role for lord of the rings star viggo mortensen. the film is not exactly original but the plot line is interesting. we focus on a prison that has been reopened after a number of years. this was the prison where a man named charles forsyth was sent to the electric chair after being framed by the prison's governor. naturally, the spirit of the dead man is not resting in peace; and when the old execution room is reopened, the spirit of the dead convict escapes for vengeance.the film is not exactly the shawshank redemption, but it does take care to build up its various characters and while the main point of the film is always the horror, the prison drama behind it all does make for an interesting base. this is a good job too because other than the basic premise, the film doesn't really have a 'plot' to go from and we solely rely on the interaction between the characters to keep things interesting. the horror featured in the film is at times grotesque but it's never over the top, which might actually be the reason why this film is seldom remembered, being released in a decade of excess. the murders themselves are rather good and imaginative, however, and provide some major highlights. as the film goes on, we start to delve more into the back-story of the vengeful convict's ghost and while it's fairly interesting, some things about it don't make sense and it drags the film down a little. still, everything boils down to an exciting climax and overall i have to say that prison is a film well worth tracking down.

this is an excellent example of what can be done on a small budget movie. the acting is excellent considering the script & the whole atmosphere of the film is very foreboding. the gore is well done and used sparingly (look out for the excellent barbed-wire death) & the action is punchy when used. it's true that there are dodgy lines in the script at times, but compared to other movies on the same (or bigger!) budget, it's hardly noticeable at all. overall, this is recommended. trust me, it's better than it appears! 8/10

i pulled down a vhs box from my vast collection - many unseen - and picked out a movie, based on the box art, i thought would be fun, and yes, bad. prison had that 80s cheesy look all over that box. i sat down and watched, and lo! and behold!, found that sometimes we do indeed sit down to a movie with preconceived expectations in mind. fortunately, i reversed mine quickly and soon realized i was sitting down not just to an okay film but a rather good movie in total. prison tells the story of an old, dilapidated prison being reopened to save on budgetary concerns. it looks creepy as all empty and filled with prisoners. the prison used as a set is incredibly atmospheric and easily the most important character in the film. the story using the prison as its central setting tells in a prologue of a man being killed via the electric chair. we see lane smith as a guard - tearing away a crucifix before sending the man to his maker. we then go to present day, first with a government board at a meeting deciding to open the prison and send a beautiful doctor in to make sure that conditions are acceptable as she campaigned vigorously against re-opening the old prison. then we see the new warden, lane smith, haunted by a nightmare in bed - and given the new job of opening a prison he has not been to in years. well, the rest follows suit: prisoners and guards arrive with plenty of stereotypes abounding. we are given some character depth and several of the prisoners are interesting characters. the acting is better than one might expect with lane smith doing as always a workmanlike job. viggo mortenson as a very different prisoner being solid. tom everett, tiny lister, and ivan kane really exploring the boundaries of their stereotypical characters. chelsea field is okay as the female lead. the best performance is by lincoln kilpatrick, an underrated character actor, as cresus - a prisoner who had been in that very same prison years ago when the "man" had been executed" with some kind of terrible secret. prison is not the next best thing to sliced bread or anything like that, but it is definitely worth a look and definitely better than most would expect from it. i was pleasantly surprised at the way director renny harlin created a story so visually atmospheric. the film has a tense, taut pace and harlin knows how to build his scenes. there are a few excessively shot gore scenes - the one with the barbed wire was a bit much as was the one with all the pipes. but these scenes are visually creative and interesting. the acting is uniformly decent. the script actually much more cohesive than one usually gets from films like these. that may in part be credited to irwin yablans who wrote the story. you may remember he came up with the idea of making halloween scary as a holiday. here he makes incarceration a hell of a lot more scarier than it already is. give prison a break(get it).

what we have here is a compelling piece of low budget horror with a relatively original premise, a cast that is filled with familiar faces and one of the most convincing filming locations in the history of horror films. so...could anyone please tell me why this movie is so utterly underrated??? "prison" is the finnish director harlin's american debut, which still counts as his best effort even though he went on making blockbuster hits like "die hard 2", "cliffhanger" and "deep blue sea". the story entirely takes place in an ancient and ramshackle wyoming prison, re-opened for the cause of over-population in other, more modern state penitentiaries. inside the former execution dungeons, the restless spirit of the electric chair's last victim still dwells around. the now promoted warden eaton sharpe (lane smith) was there already 40 years ago, when this innocent man was put to death, and the spirit still remembers his vile role in the unfair trial. it seems that the time for vengeance has finally arrived. viggo mortensen plays the good car thief who has to prevent an even larger body count and chelsea field is the humane social worker who slowly unravels the secrets from the past."prison" contains over half a dozen memorable gore sequences but it's the unbearably tense atmosphere that'll stick to you for certain! unlike any other horror picture from that decade, "prison" features an amazing sense of realism! by this, i refer to the authentic scenery and the mood inside the prison walls, of course, and not towards the supernatural murders that are being committed... even though these are genuinely unsettling as well. the film's best parts are images of realistic and tough prison-drama sequences combined with visual mayhem and shocking horror. the absolute best terror-moment (providing me with nightmares ever since i saw it at rather young age) focuses on a grizzly death-struggle involving barbed wire. haunting!! the screenplay only suffers one flaw, but that's a common one...almost inevitable, i guess: clichés! the story introduces nearly every possible stereotype there is in a prison surrounding. we've got the ugly, fat pervert with his 'cute' boy-toy, the cowardly and racist guard avoids confrontation at all costs and – naturally – the old 'n wise black con who serves a lifetime (did i hear anybody yell the name morgan freeman?) don't stare yourself blind on these clichés is my advise, as there are so many other elements to admire. the photography is dark and moist, the mystery is upheld long and successfully and the supportive inmate-roles of class b-actors are excellent (the fans will recognize tom everett, tom 'tiny' lister and even immortal horror icon kane hodder). forget about wes craven's god-awful attempt "shocker" or the downright pathetic cheese-flick "the chair". this is the only prison chiller worth tracking down! especially considering viggo mortensen peaking popularity nowadays (i heard he starred in a successful franchise involving elves, hobbits and other fairy creatures...) this true 80's horror gem oughts to get an urgent dvd-release!

story of a wrongly executed prisoner who haunts the prison he was electrocuted in and kills random prisoners while waiting to take revenge on the man who framed him.viggo mortensen is great, and the acting is pretty good overall. lane smith is deliciously wicked as the guilty warden. also, this film has some great gore, including death by barbed-wire mummification.

renny harlin's first american film was one of the best of a slew of prison-set horror films(like "death house" or "the chair")in the late 80's.twenty years before,guard lane smith had wrongfully executed a condemned man.now,he is the warden of the newly re-opened prison,and the man's ghost is back for bloody revenge.this atmospheric and very moody film features lots of gruesome gore and violence.viggo mortensen,tiny lister,tom everett and kane hodder are onhand for the entertaining carnage.

very smart, sometimes shocking, i just love it. it shoved one more side of david's brilliant talent. he impressed me greatly! david is the best. the movie captivates your attention for every second.

with the mixed reviews this got i wasn't expecting too much, and was pleasantly surprised. it's a very entertaining small crime film with interesting characters, excellent portrayals, writing that's breezy without being glib, and a good pace. it looks good too, in a funky way. apparently people either like this movie or just hate it, and i'm one who liked it.

this movie really kicked some ass. i watched it over and over and it never got boring. angelina jolie really kicked some ass in the movie, you should see the movie, you won't be disappointed. and another reason you should see the movie is because the guy from the x-files is in it, david duchovny.

i'd always wanted david duchovney to go into the movie business, and finally he did, and he made me proud. this movie lived up to what i had hoped for. duchovney played his character very well, managing to remain consistent with something new, instead of playing the agent molder we are used to. therefore, i give him extra credit for his role, also because i could not see anyone else playing that particular character. david was great, but nothing compared to the psychotic timothy hutton. a brilliant performance that you don't get tired of throughout the movie, because he never fails to surprise you. he has weaknesses, and strengths, making the story all the more believable. i also very much enjoyed the narration, it added to the story a good deal, and had some very memorable quotes that i still use to all the time. this movie also had a wounderfull score. i recomend this for anyone who likes drama, and doesn't mind blood.

like i said its a hidden surprise. it well written well acted and well cast. i liked everything in this movie. look its hollywood all right but the brighter side. angelina jolie is great in this and i'm totally watching every movie with her in that i can get my hands on. well worth a look.

david duchovney creates a role that he was to replicate somewhat in californication - the troubled talent. and it is a role he plays well.this thriller starts off at a good speed and carries you through to the end. timothy hutton plays a fine villain and angelina jolie pouts. the story of a disgraced doctor finding his way into a criminal world is well scripted. drug addiction and a desire for the sultry jolie mix a heady cocktail. unfortunately towards the end the story gets a little weaker and the relationships between villains and the fbi is muddled and rushed as if it was created only to develop the final scene. but, that aside, a movie worth seeing.

this film has a lot of raw potential. the script is sharp, the dialogue is (usually) excellent (though it could stand to lose the cheezy voice-overs), the direction and cinematography is surprisingly quite good, though some of the experimentation just doesn't work. the main problem here is david duchovny. once a geek-boy, always a geek-boy; and the sad, simple fact is that he's incapable of playing anything but fox mulder. he postures, he tries to be slick, he poses, he tries to be macho. in the end he just tries too hard. he overplays his character, he overspeaks his lines, and he's just outplayed in all ways by timothy hutton and angelina jolie, who are each in a class above him in terms of acting skill. timothy hutton was (as always) really good. there was a spotty moment or two where he over-dramatized his role, but you could tell he was having fun with it. he looked the part, and he became the character both physically and atmospherically. angelina jolie was also really good. she didn't have much of a role; in fact, i though she could have used a much stronger one...her character wasn't nearly developed enough, though she did remarkably well with what she had. and the chemistry between her and hutton was apparent (gee, maybe that's why uma left him...;) all in all, it was rough around the edges, but a solid effort by a good cast and great supporting roles. if david duchovny hadn't ripped his role to pieces it would've been *that* much better. 7/10.

i enjoyed this movie. unlike like some of the pumped up, steroid trash that is passed off as action movies, playing god is simple and realistic, with characters that are believable, action that is not over the top and enough twists and turns to keep you interested until the end.well directed, well acted and a good story.

david duchovny plays the lead role in this film.now a lot of people upon finding that fact out wouldn't even bother watching it.very unfair to say the least.david made his name on the x-files and is a decent actor. dr eugene sands(duchovny)is a drug addicted doctor struck off for malpractice.by sheer accident he becomes a private doctor for criminal millionaire raymond blossom.however the fbi take an interest in using eugene to snare blossom. angelina jolie is cast in the supporting role of clare-the gangsters moll.she puts in a solid performance. timothy hutton playing blossom is superb and immersed himself deeply into his character. duchovny himself isn't as bad as many people would think and in the end i would rate his performance his credible.his familiar monotonous tone and straight face is present but dosen't detract too much from the film

normally, i don't watch action movies because of the fact that they are usually all pretty similar. this movie did have many stereotypical action movie scenes, but the characters and the originality of the film's premise made it much easier to watch. david duchovny bended his normal acting approach, which was great to see. angelina jolie, of course, was beautiful and did great acting. great cast all together. a must see for people bored with the same old action movie.

okay, truthfully, i saw the previews for this movie and thought to myself, what are the producers thinking? hutton, jolie, and duchovny? how could the monotoned actor possibly compete with jolie's natural power on the screen? but surprisingly, the two had the kind of chemistry that showed intense caring without a kiss. even david's humor matched up to jolie's spark and fire. as for hutton, he played the psycho very well, contrasting with david's calm delivery of life threatening situations. overall, i was very impressed with the writing and character development. i gave it 8 stars.

i was expecting this to be the same kind of schlock as the previous modesty blaise movie, which is why i left it unwatched for so long, but i was very pleasantly surprised.far from being a succession of silly gun battles and car/boat chases, it was an almost thoughtful analysis of how a pretty girl gets to become as hard as nails, with nothing being overstated or over-rationalized.it's likely that the budgetary constraints actually helped with that: less time and effort was spent on finding ever-stupider ways for stunt men to pretend to die, and more was dedicated to making the movie worth watching. hell, the biggest gun battle takes place off screen -- and the scene where it is heard is all the better for that background noise, that adds to the suspense -- who's winning? who's dying?alexandra staden might not be as drop-dead gorgeous as monica vitti, but few are, and she certainly has every ounce of class and fire that's needed to make the character work -- and the shape of her face, her hair, and her tall, slender body could have been lifted straight from the comic-strip graphics.nikolaj coaster-waldau was the perfect choice for a blaise bad-guy, in that he made the character interesting and enjoyable to watch -- even likable (and i doubt i'd consider taking on many brutal, psychopathic murderers as drinking buddies). i can't think of a single one of hollywood's "former waiters" who could have pulled the role off that well.fortunately, blaise baddies always die, in the end (no spoilers there!) that's a really good thing, because all the girls who would have spent their time swooning over such a disgustingly handsome and interesting hunk can now pragmatically settle for us ordinary joes.

this is a good movie, although people unfamiliar with the modesty blaise comics and books may find it a little slow and lacking in action. for the modesty fan, the movie will be very enjoyable, particularly because it is very faithful in its presentation of the modesty blaise "history". peter o'donnell is listed in the credits as "creative consultant" and the film makers must have actually paid attention to him as the plot follows quite closely the details that have been presented in the comic books over the years {although the events have been recast to modern days). the only thing that the true fan may find disappointing is that there is no willie garvin in the story. this lack of willie is again just being faithful to the modesty blaise chronology since the movie takes place in the very early days of modesty's career. alexandra staden makes a very believable young modesty who actually looks a lot like modesty is supposed to look. a welcome change from the travesty of the monica vitti portrayal of modesty.

for a first film in a proposed series it achieves the right balance. it is done with style and class showing modesty's early days as a refugee and the start of her rise to power in the criminal world. i think it is a very honest/true portrayal of her character exactly as the writer peter o'donnell intended. alexandra staden as modesty is stunningly beautiful and an excellent choice. she acts very convincingly as the tough survivor with an exterior of cool/intelligent/innocence. and full marks to tarantino for choosing an unknown actress for the role - much more believeable to have a new face creating the part. i'm looking forward to the next film.

i was pleased to see that she had black hair! i've been a fan for about 30 years now and have been disgusted at the two earlier attempts to film the stories.i was pleased that the screenwriters updated the period to include a computer, it didn't spoil it at all. in fact i watched the film twice in one day, a sure sign that it was up to standard. this is what i do with books that i like as well.i thought all the characters were well depicted and represented the early days of modesty blaise extremely well as evinced in both book and comic strip. i would also have to disagree with a comment made by an earlier reviewer about baddies having to be ugly. has he actually read the books?i thought this was a very good film and look forward to sequels with anticipation.

i have read modesty blaise for several years now, collecting numbers of the strip. after the fiasco movie made many years ago based on the first book "modesty blaise" i was surprised the result got this good.what i got was a movie not based on action or violence. the director had focused on history and psychology. how was modesty created based on the own tale and what parts in her life was affected by her non-childhood. i think this thougths will give a greater understanding to the next (i hope) film. i simply loved the movies old-fashioned style.however everything wasn't that good, the gambling wasn't that good. almost boring and unreal. the acting could have been improved too. i'm not thinking the bad guy in this movie felt real, the only reason he was there was so modesty could have someone to tell her story for. also they could have expanded the movie, showing more about when she builds up "the network" but i'll guess thats for the next movie.and please forgive me for my bad english

as a long time fan of peter o'donnell's greatest creation, i watched this film on dvd with no great hopes of enjoyment; indeed i expected to be reaching in disgust for the remote control within fifteen minutes. but instead i thoroughly enjoyed this production, and i especially enjoyed and appreciated how the producers and director succeeded in telling the modesty blaise back story. they managed to avoid the trap of making a (bad) film version of the books we are all so familiar with, choosing instead to concentrate on a period in modesty's life only alluded to in the novels.as for the production values (and i am no student of cinematography!): yes, the film was filmed on a tight financial and time budget and maybe that shows... but does it spoil the viewer's enjoyment? in this case i think not. instead we are introduced to one of the world's greatest literary heroines and given a taste of her capabilities.in regard to the casting: because we in unfamiliar territory the only people who really matter are modesty and (perhaps) professor lob. for me they were totally credible. alexandra staden, described by some as wooden, and too thin to be an action heroine, brought to the screen modesty's poise and coolness; her technique (when martial arts were needed) but most importantly personified the integrity which is at the core of the modesty blaise canon.ok, so we all know this film was produced to stake miramax's claim to the modesty blaise character, it was made quickly and cheaply, but... i for one cannot wait to see the next production in this series by these producers - as long as they keep to the core values and characterisations of the original stories!

the movie was a long awaited release, which where a bit disappointing because of the expectation's i had set up. when looking at it again i must say it is actually pretty ok. first of all is it very true to the original history (of course not completely) and is as such only made to keep the right for the movie. modesty's history as a child is shown and is very true to the original. the acting is perhaps not the best around and the plot is a bit thin, but when you compare it to the 1966 vitti movie is way better just because it is not trying to be a musical. generally would i only recommend it to fans of modesty blaise or to someone who by catch it on the tv.

while the main story is supposed to take place in morocco, this movie was shot in foggy romania in 18 days on a very tight budget. however broken their cards may be, the actors and the crew play them with remarkable skill and commitment, so that in the end i found the result both touching and graceful. nikolaj coaster-waldau provides a formidable performance as the bad guy. the script and direction provide some gems. whether you will like the movie or not, however, will probably depend on your take on alexandra staden in the title role. other reviewers have pointed out staden's inadequacies as modesty blaise. they may have a point, but i found her interpretation delightful and very fitting. modesty manages to overcome terrible odds through discipline, innate talent and courage. staden appears to be doing the same here.

recap: it's business as usual at louche's casino in tanger. the casino is about to close and prepares for a big transaction the next day. the owner louche and some staff leave for the night, leaving modesty in charge. suddenly a troop of armed gangsters storm the casino, shooting wildly. unknown to modesty, they have already killed louche, and are now after the money hidden in the vault. but no one present, and still alive, at the casino knows the code to open the vault. the vault itself is heavily booby trapped with explosives so the assailants can't blow the door as planned. suddenly modesty finds herself eye to eye with the gangsters' leader miklos in a game of roulette with their lives in jeopardy.comments: this is a review written with no connection what so ever with other published media about modesty blaise, as i have neither seen nor read any of it. the first point i like to make is that this is slightly wrongfully classified. foremost i thought this was a thriller with a battle of wits between modesty and miklos as the main plot. sure, there are some bursts of action but they are not really an integral or important part of the story.as already mentioned the main plot and the main suspense-filled scene, is the game between modesty and miklos. it's an innovative and intriguing way of revealing the background of a character, and in doing so much of the story takes place outside the casino at a much earlier time. someone said that it is almost like a pilot for a tv-series, and the feeling is that it might indeed be used as such. but, i felt it was a much better way to introduce a character than many other have done. i was in no way disappointed in the lack of action, instead i enjoyed this game, the history much more than a simple action movie.i think the two main stars, alexandra staden and nikolaj coaster-waldau did very well. staden especially portrays modesty very well, and really carries this confident and talented character.7/10

this was the modesty that we didn't know! it was hinted at and summarized in the comic strip for the syndicates to sell to newspapers! lee and janet batchler were true modesty blaise fans who were given the dream job - tell a prequel story of modesty that the fans never saw before. in their audio-commentary, they admitted that that they made changes in her origin to make the story run smoother. the "purists" should also note that we really don't know if everything she told miklos was true because she was "stalling for time." i didn't rent or borrow the dvd like other "reviewers" did, i bought it! and i don't want a refund! i watched it three times and i didn't sleep through it! great dialog and well-drawn characters that i cared about (even bad guy miklos) just like in the novels and comic strips! i too can't wait for the next modesty (and willie) film,especially if this "prequel" is a sign of what's to come!

shot on an impossible schedule and no budget to speak of, the movie turned out a lot better than you would expect, certainly much more true to the peter o'donnell books and comic strip than the previous two films. you can read the strip currently in the reprints from titan books, or in comics revue monthly. it is one of the greatest adventure comic strips of all time. the movie isn't great, but unlike most low budget films it makes the most of what its got, and it holds your interest. on the dvd extras, the interview with quentin tarentino, who is obviously stoned, is a gas. some people have faulted tarentino for associating his name with the film, but without him it would never have been made. he is a modesty blaise fan, and picked a good writer and director. all things considered, worth 8 stars.

i enjoyed this film. it was a joy to see a version so close to the vision of peter o'donnell.a number of people have disliked the film, but it has to be seen in context of the origin story that it is. the film uses flashback to show the young modesty and the events that shaped her into the woman that she became. before the network. before willie garvin.the pace is a trifle slow, and for my taste not enough tension is developed in the present day scenes. however this is acceptable just to get such a faithful version.if you like modesty blaise, you will enjoy it even with its faults, if you just want an action flick with car chases - forget it.it has the feeling of being the first of a franchise, but as i have never seen it promoted anywhere, i suspect there will be no more to follow. sadly.

the best modesty blaise movie i have seen so far. it's like a good pilot for a tv-series. i even think it's a little bit "cult", like with a lite touch of quentin tarantino's magic, or something. they have caught a great deal of modesty's character, but i admit missing willy garwin a bit. even if i have read many comics and book by peter o'donnell i'm not disappointed of this film, quite the opposite. positive surprised of this story about modesty and her childhood. i did not put my expectations so high, because of the bad movie from 1966. so i may have overrate this movie just a little. but if you like the comics and other storys about modesty blaise, you should definitely see this one! can't wait for a follow-up...

i've seen this movie and i must say i'm very impressed. there are not much movies i like, but i do like this one. you should see this movie by yourself and comment it,because this is one of my most favorite movie. i fancy to see this again. action fused with a fantastic story. very impressing. i like modesty's character. actually she's very mystic and mysterious (i do like that^^). the bad boy is pretty too. well, actually this whole movie is rare in 'movieworld'. i considered about the vote of this movie, i thought this is should be a very popular movie. i guess wrong. it was me who was very impressed about this movie, and i hope i'm not the only one who takes only the cost to watch this one. see and vote.

having heard of modesty blaise before, but never having read a novel or a comic strip, my wife and i liked the film a lot. it delivered, in a captivating way, a good introduction to the character and her background.although it has some action flick elements, it is much more an intimate play, excellently written. sadly, this is also, where a major drawback of the movie is revealed. an intimate play lives on the capabilities of its actors and unfortunately only half of the cast delivered. while alexandra staden did an excellent job as modesty blaise, her counterpart nikolaj coaster-waldau - as the villain miklos - did not. smiling his way through the plot as if it is an extend toothpaste commercial, he fails to build up an atmosphere of anxiety that would have made the movie a masterpiece. the supporting cast is somehow similar, from some stereotyped gangsters and sluts to decent performances from fred pearson as professor lob and eugenia yuan as irina.

there's a great deal of material from the modesty blaise comics and novels that would be great in a movie. unfortunately, several attempts have been made and they've fallen short of the great potential in the character. so, no, this isn't the modesty you know from the comic strip (currently reprinted in nice editions from titan books). this is modesty some 5 or 6 years prior to the first strip, and from what you can piece together from her back-story, it's accurate.miramax had the movie rights to the character, with quentin tarantino acting as advocate and technical adviser. early drafts of the miramax project attempted to adapt one of the best novels, but always managed to leave out some crucial element. tarantino wasn't happy with any of them, and offered to remove his name from the project so they could proceed. to the studio's credit, they wanted to keep him in the process, since they knew he "got" the character and her world. with the movie rights close to expiration, they decided to try a very different approach. the result was "my name is modesty," a small direct-to-video movie that introduces the character.the movie does not introduce willie garvin or sir gerald. these characters are important to blaise's adventures throughout most of the published stories. what this movie accomplishes is showing the strength of the character by herself. she never loses her composure, and you never doubt that she's in charge even unarmed in a room full of gangsters with guns. most of the movie takes place within a casino, which undoubtedly saved money on the production. it doesn't matter. the film does not come across as cheap. instead, it gives a fairly comprehensive (and believable) back-story for the character and demonstrates just how far she thinks ahead. should miramax adapt any of the comic stories or novels now, they've laid out the character's background nicely and won't have to spend much time on her "origin." i realize the words "direct-to-video" don't inspire confidence, but this film is well worth a look.

first off; i'm a dedicated fan of modesty's, and have been reading the comics since i was a child, and i have found the earlier movies about our heroine unsatisfying, but where they fail, this one rocks! well then, here we go: ms blaise is working for a casino, a gang of robbers comes along and she starts gambling for her friends lives. if the robber wins one round, she'll have to tell him about herself. if she wins two times in a row, one of the staff members goes free. (sounds stupid, yeah, well, i'm not that good at explaining either..) ;)she tells him about growing up in a war zone, without parents or friends, about her helping an old man in the refugee camp and how they escape, living by nature's own rules. they hunt for food, and he teaches her to read and fight. as they approach civilization they get caught up in a war, and as they are taken for rebellions, they are being shot at and the old man dies, which leaves her to meet the city by herself.then she meets the man who's casino she's now working for, and there the story ends. what is to follow is that there's an awesome fight and the line's are totally cool. alexandra staden is a terrific modesty blaise! just as modest and strong, graceful and intellectual as the comic-one.feels awkward though, too hear modesty speak with a slightly broken accent, but that's not relevant since the comic book- blaise can't speak out loud, but certainly must have a somewhat existing accent. (not to mention that it's weird everybody's speaking english in the balkan..)the acting is really good, even the child who personifies the young blaise must have a applaud! my favorite part must be where she rips up her dress to kick the stupid robber's ass! totally awesome! :d i can't wait until the real adventure begins in the next movie/s!watch it, you won't be disappointed!

finally was there released a good modesty blaise movie, which not only tells a story, but actually tells the "real" story. i admit that it is a bad movie if you expect an action thriller, but if you stop in your track and remove all your expectations. then you will notice that it is a story that comes very close to the original made by peter o'donnell. you have a cover story just to tell about how modesty became the magnificent person which she is. it is not a movie to attract new fans, but a movie to tell the real tale. some things could have been better, but when you cannot forget the awful movie from '66 then is this a magnificent movie. so are you a fan then sit down relax and just enjoy that the real story is there with a cover story just to make modesty tell her story.

rented and watched this short (< 90 minutes) work. it's by far the best treatment modesty has received on film -- and her creator, peter o'donnell, agrees, participating as a "creative consultant." the character, and we who love her, are handled with respect. spiegel's direction is the best he's done to date, and the casting was very well done. alexandra staden is almost physically perfect as a match to the original jim holdaway illustrations of modesty. a terrific find by whoever cast her! raymond cruz as a young rafael garcia was also excellent. i hope that tarantino & co. will go on to make more in the series -- i'm especially interested to see whom they'd choose to be the incomparable willie garvin!

although i bought the dvd when it first came out, and have watched it several times, i never wrote a review.i loved it when i first saw it and i love it still.sadly, it seems it never made enough money to motivate anyone to do a follow-up. i have to assume qt still controls the rights, but after kill bill if he does a film that is as true to the comics and books as my name is modesty, with another tough female lead, anyone not familiar with the character will see this as a let-down.peter o'donnell wrote his stories to focus more on psychological suspense rather than action thrillers.the tug of wills between modesty and miklos is very true to the source material and is tense, suspenseful and fascinating to anyone who doesn't have to have gore and explosions. alexandra did a great job in playing how o'donnell's character would have taken control of the situation.i find this particularly ahead of the curve following the sorely needed reboots of batman and james bond. after 2 dismal earlier efforts, although not nearly as well known to the public, this is really a reboot of the modesty character, and it is really sad that probably no more films about her will be made.

if you are already a fan of peter o'donnell's wonderful modesty blaise books from the sixties, you will really enjoy this movie. if you have ever seen the 1966 "modesty blaise" film, forget it! that was camp. this is the real modesty blaise. the story and character are both true to the modesty that fans of the books know and love. it's a long way from joe losey's 1966 travesty, and it takes our modesty quite seriously. alexandra staden is quite good and believable in the part, and yes, we do get to see her kick butt. chucklethis is likely meant to be the first movie of a series and as such it serves to introduce modesty, her childhood and her days with lob.since peter o'donnell was the creative consultant on the movie, everything really rings true. even the story o'donnell told of how he conceived the character is just as he told it. having read all the books, i enjoyed the movie even more for that.now that miramax has kept their option on the property by having quentin tarrentino make this film, i do hope to see more of the modesty stories asap. especially as the wonderful character of willie garvin makes modesty's character really come alive. to that end, i really hope the film does well in europe. i have no idea if miramax intends to ever distribute the dvd in the usa. i suspect it might not do that well in the usa in general distribution. i wonder how miramax decides where and how to distribute it's films.in the story, modesty is in her early 20's, working at louche's casino in tangier. the flashback sequences are artfully done and take modesty from about 9 years old, through her teens up to her current age in the movie - about 21-22, i'd guess. i really don't think there's a "perfect actress" for modesty. for many of us modesty fans, she's much too powerful a presence in our imaginations already. alexandra staden is credible. she is very slim, graceful and poised. she has lots of closeups. she has a great face - one that sticks in your mind well after the movie is over. according to o' donnell's illustrator, romero, modesty has rather a fuller figure than staden, but i'm willing to overlook that. if staden continues in the role, i think she will mature into it - just as modesty grows more powerful and skilled as she gets older. staden already conveys modesty's humor and absolute assurance very well. go ahead and rent this movie, it's not like anything else you've seen and even though it was directed by scott spiegel, it is full of tarrentino touches, great camera moves, lighting and well-done action sequences.

unfortunately many consumers who write reviews for imdb equate low budget with not good. whatever else this movie might need, more budget really isn't part of it. big sets and lots of special effects would have turned it into another lara croft movie. what we have here is a step or two better than that.the nearly unknown alexandra staden is captivating as the enigmatic modesty, and this is crucial for this movie to work. her wise little smiles and knowing looks are formidable, and you find yourself wishing that the camera won't leaver her face. it makes it workable that the bad guy nikolai, played by also little known (in the u.s. at least) nikolaj coaster-waldau might take an unusually cerebral interest in her, something modesty can exploit. she is able to divert his raping her with just a shove and spitting out "stop wasting my time!" then storming off between his heavily armed yet suddenly diffident henchmen. making a scene like that plausible doesn't happen by accident.probably the biggest problem i have with the rail-thin staden playing modesty is it just isn't very believable for her to go hand to hand with an athletic and muscled looking guy like coaster-waldau and beat him. she just ain't a peta wilson or a pumped-up hilary swank type actress who can throw a convincing punch. coaster-waldau letting himself be overpowered by staden looks like he's just roughhousing with his little sister.since this is not really an action film, this isn't a big flaw. i just hope they do better on that if and when they make sequels.

this movie is definately one of my favorite movies in it's kind. the interaction between respectable and morally strong characters is an ode to chivalry and the honor code amongst thieves and policemen. it treats themes like duty, guilt, word, manipulation and trust like few films have done and, unfortunately, none that i can recall since the death of the 'policial' in the late seventies. the sequence is delicious, down to the essential, living nothing out and thus leading the spectator into a masterful plot right and wrong without accessory eye catching and spectacular scenes that are often needed in lesser specimens of the genre in order to keep the audience awake. no such scenes are present or needed. the argument is sand honest to the spectator; an important asset in a genre that too often achieve suspense through the deception of the audience. no, this is not miss marble... a note of congratulations for the music is in order a film to watch and savor every minute, not just to see.

short synopsis this film opens with soldiers being released from the company of men. one of them pursues another with a weird scheme the other repeatedly refuses. later they both get trapped in an office building in which they want to crack a safe during the christmas holidays. hostility turns into playful banter and then into a desperate fight for survival (during the bantering they lose all drinkable liquids, so it is really serious). with exposed, well built and well oiled torsos they ram a hole into a wall and finally manage to escape – only to find out that they have been betrayed and set up by women. one gets caught, the other remains free and is not given away by his companion. a last encounter, a last light for a cigarette, adieu l'ami, farewell, friend.i found it hard not to see closet homosexuals in the two main characters, played by classical he-man superstars alain delon and charles bronson. they are obviously attracted to each other, their treatment of women is abominable and marked by contempt throughout. the whole story seems to have a strong symbolic undertow, a little like deliverance. it is also very stylish. the safe the two men want to crack is in a – for the time – ultra modern glass and aluminum tower. it is the seat of a publicity firm, so there are many fancy posters and wall coverings around. the wardrobe is also very good. the ultra stylish citroen ds (maybe the most modern and elegant car of all times) features large in this movie – perhaps a subtle kind of product placement.i can recommend this movie for the actor's performances alone. delon and bronson are really sharing the top billing, in a manner that struck me as very fair and sporting. both do a considerable amount of acrobatics. i have never seen bronson better than here, he really acts - and speaks french throughout, with a heavy accent buy very passably indeed. and it is certainly the man himself we hear. (so the french language version is highly recommended). the police inspector who pursues the two is played by on of my favorite franch character actors, bernard fresson who was gene hackman's partner in french connection ii. he is the best brainy police inspector i know. also very good is former child actress brigitte fossey as the young ingénue who, as it turns out, is not so innocent as it first seems.anyone who expects the „old in-an-out" of classical heist movies might be disappointed with this film. for those with a little patience this will be a rewarding experience, full of novel and original ideas and directorial quirks, although it my be a little too brutal and sadistic for its own sake.

utterly tactical, strange (watch for the kinky moment of a drop-dead gorgeous blonde acting as pull-string doll for some rich folks), pointless but undoubtedly compelling late-night feature. this unhinged french production is a stew of perplexedly unfocused ideas and random plot illustrations centred on its very charismatic stars (if somewhat anti-heroes) alain delon and charles bronson. really they don't get to do all that much, especially during the confined, lengthy mid-section where they hide themselves in a building during the christmas break to crack a safe with 10,000 possible combinations. oh fun! but this is when the odd, if intriguing relationship is formed between delon and bronson's characters. after a manipulative battle of wills (and childishly sly games against each other), the two come to an understanding that sees them honour each other's involvement and have a mutual respect. this would go on to play a further part in the twisty second half of the story with that undetectable curve-ball. still their encounters early on suggest there's more, but what we get is vague and this is magnified by that 'what just happen there?' ending that might just make you jump. yeeeeaaaaahhhhhhhhh! glad to get that out of the system. the pacing is terribly slow, but placidly measured for it and this seems purposely done to exhaust with its edgy, nervous underlining tension. watch as the same process is repeated over and over again, and you know something is not quite right and the scheming eventually comes into play. now everything that does happen feels too spontaneous, but the climax payoff is haunting. the taut, complex script is probably a little too crafty for its own good, but there are some neat novelties (coins, glass and liquids… try not spilling) and visual symbolisms. jean herman's direction is efficiently sophisticated and low-key, but get a tad artificial and infuse an unwelcoming icy atmosphere. the sound fx features more as a potent note, than that of francois deroubaix's funky score that's mainly kept under wrapped after its sizzling opening. top drawers delon (who's quite steely) and bronson (a jovial turn) are solid, and work off each tremendously. bernard fresson chalks up the attitude as the inspector who knows there's more going on than what is being led on. an attractive female cast features able support by brigitte fossey and olga georges-picot. a cryptically directionless, but polished crime drama maintained by its two leads and some bizarre inclusions.

this movie is definately one of my favourite movies in it's kind. the interaction between respectable and morally uncorruptable characters is an ode to chivalry and the honour code amongst thieves and policemen. it treats themes like duty, guilt, word, manipulation and trust like few films have done and, unfortunately, none that i can recall since the death of the 'policial' in the late seventies. the sequence is delicious, down to the essential, living nothing out and thus leading the spectator into a masterful plot right and wrong without accessory eye catching and spectacular scenes that are often needed in lesser specimens of the genre in order to keep the audience awake. no such scenes are present or needed. the argument is flowless and honest to the spectator, wich is an important asset in a genre in wich the the suspense is often achieved through the betrail of the audience. no, this is not miss marble... a note of congratulations for the music is in order a film to watch and savour every minute, not just to see.

farewell friend aka adieu l'ami/honour among thieves isn't perfect but it is a neat and entertaining thriller that sees mismatched demobbed french algerian war veterans alain delon and charles bronson trapped in the same basement vault, one to return stolen bonds, the other to clean out the two million in wages sitting there over the christmas weekend. naturally things aren't quite that simple even after they open the vault, leading to some neat twists and turns. on the debit side, there's a very bizarre striptease scene in a car park, bronson has a very irritating fonzie-like catchphrase he uses at the most inopportune moments, brigitte fossey, sporting perhaps the most hideously misconceived hairstyle of the 60s (it makes her look like a bald woman whose wig is blown back off the top of her head by a high wind), is something of a liability – her "i'll cook spaghetti! i'll learn to make love well! i'll read shakespeare!" speech is hysterical in all the wrong ways – and it's a shame about the horrible last line/shot, but otherwise this is a surprisingly entertaining and unpretentious number that's worth checking out if you can find a decent print.cinema club's uk dvd only offers the english soundtrack, but since delon voices himself and the rest of the cast are fairly well dubbed that's no great problem, especially since the widescreen transfer is pretty good quality.

a clever script from the late sebastian japrisot and smart performances from the two male leads - alain delon and charles bronson (or should it be the other way around) result in an engaging and entertaining thriller.add to the above the competent direction from veteran jean herman and a sparse but effective score by francois de roubaix, it becomes easy why this film has an odd timeless quality.this is a buddy buddy or bonding story with two loners, both disillusioned and world weary, returning, presumably from algiers. like the other colonial powers of this time (post ww ii leading into the 60s), france had struggled to keep up appearances overseas. losing algiers was a bitter blow.adieu l'ami (the original title) chronicles the actions of our two (anti) heroes as they struggle to make a go of it, after their discharge.one thing happens after another, and the viewer really has to pay attention, because japrisot is lean and economical with his script: if it is there, then there must be a reason.suffice to say, these two men battle it out, physically and psychologically, one long weekend. their motivation is quite different, their goals are different - their survival depends entirely on each other. that alain delon and charles bronson are outwardly so different - the former, arguably a pretty boy, and the latter an ugly thug, adds to the chemistry.that quest makes for a great story, which in turn, makes for a great film.lest i forget there are women in this film, and true to the japrisot method, they too are memorable, though not nearly as fleshed out; to say much more would be to spoil one's delight in discovering their true nature.farewell, friend has been released in the uk; an anamorphic image, 16.9 enhanced; in english only (not even subtitles for the hard of hearing); a running time of 110 minutes; mono soundtrack but the de roubaix music has lots of punch! highly recommended.

ed harris's work in this film is up to his usual standard of excellence, that is, he steals the screen away from anyone with whom he shares it, and that includes the formidable sean connery. the movie, which is more than a bit sanctimonious, comes alive only in the scenes when harris is interrogated by the attorney for another convict. it is breathtaking, a master class in artistic control.the other cast members are all adept and connery is reliable, as is fishbourne, but the story itself packs no wallop. the plot depends largely on the premise that a black prisoner always will be mistreated and coerced by white law enforcement officers. this is the engine which drives the story, right or wrong, and makes one feel a tad cheated at the end.still, worth watching to see harris in action.

this is a very good movie. do you want to know the real reasons why so many here are knocking this movie? i will tell you. in this movie, you have a black criminal who outwits a white professor. a black cop who tells the white professor he is wrong for defending the black criminal and the black cop turns out to be right, thus. …making the white professor look stupid. it always comes down to race. this is an excellent movie. pay no attention to the racist. if you can get over that there are characters who are played by blacks in this movie who outsmart the white characters, then you shouldn't have any problems enjoying this movie. i recommended everyone to go see this movie.

this is a very dramatic and suspenseful movie. there are many plots and turns. the story or the director opens question marks on the death row or presumed crimes committed by black people. this film is very well directed by arne glimcher and the fine sound of james newton howard is excellent. strong performance of sean connery and ed harris. if you liked this one don´t miss "true crimes" or "the hurricane". my wife and me gave 8/10.

i've read a number of reviews on this film and i have to say "what is wrong with you people?!?!" this was an excellent film! i thought this film was superb from start to finish and the story was extremely well told. i'm convinced that the people that didn't like this film weren't paying very good attention to the film. there are a number of very important scenes that if you aren't paying attention you will be confused and the following scenes may not make sense. i urge anyone who didn't like this film to watch it again and watch it alone so that you can truly pay attention. the story made perfect sense to me and as i said, was very well told. every scene in the film has a point and everything fits together at the end of the film.all the actors did a fantastic job! sean connery was very good in his role as always. laurence fishburne was superb as tanny brown, playing a very interesting character. kate capshaw was a nice touch as well, and looks fantastic. blair underwood was a pleasant surprise, i didn't really expect anything great from him, but he pulled off a great performance. ed harris was the real gem in the film. he plays a truly sick individual and really makes you see how disturbed his character is. watch his eyes in his scenes, just superb!!! also, there is a very young scarlett johansson (as kate) in one of her first roles...not a bad place to start. excellent cast in this film!i would strongly recommend this film to anyone that likes any of the cast members or just likes thrillers. this is a great film and should be seen. don't listen all these other people's opinions, go see the movie and come to your own conclusions. i hope that you will see the film, and i hope that you enjoy it as much as i do. thanks for reading,-chris

as usual, sean connery does a great job. lawrence fishburn is good, but i have a hard time not seeing him as ike turner.

i just saw the movie on tv. i really enjoyed it. i like a good mystery. and this one had me guessing up to the end. sean connery did a good job. i would recomend it to a friend.

the movie was a suspenseful, and somewhat dark, look at the severe results of a genuinely human mistake. connery and fishburne work very well together in this thriller about murder and redemption. keep your boots on for the strange turnaround at the end of the movie...you'd never expect it!

i really liked this film. all three stars(connery,fishburne and underwood) give credible performances;and harris is enjoyably over the top. the lighting and shot angles in some of harris' scenes make his face look truly diabolical. the surprising turn of plot at the end makes it interesting. not a great movie, but an enjoyable one. i gave it 7 of 10.

a young and seemingly promising college graduate (played by blair underwood) is sent to jail for the murder of an innocent young girl and is put on death row. sean connery plays the "happy go lucky" attorney whom the young man's grandmother tracks down out of retirement and pleads with to take on the case in the hopes of freeing her grandson. laurence fishburne plays a police officer who was well involved in the case and is hell bent on debunking an theory that connery might dig up to try and free the boy whom he and the entire police department swear is guilty of the crime. ed harris, kate capshaw, ruby dee, and the late lynne thigpen co-star in this very intense dramatic thriller.

i enjoyed this movie, granted it is mainly because i enjoy seeing sean connery act and this one has the added bonus of having ed harris and lawrence fishburne in it too. the story has a grandma seeking out connery's assistance because her grandson is in prison and she says he was wrongly convicted. at first it seems there may have been some racist aspects of the case, however it later turns out the main officer on the case was black himself and it seems he did some rather bad things to coerce a confession out of the boy. well the boy tries to point to another killer locked up in the same prison, one who is about to be put to death. he is a particularly nasty person too, as he takes a lot of joy in what he did, writing the relatives of his victims and trying to get people to mail them. a lot of twists and turns in this one with some of it being somewhat unexpected. me i just enjoyed sean connery's character trying to make sense of the whole ordeal. the movie also made me mad in areas, especially when you find out what ultimately happened. you get very good interplay between connery and harris and connery and fishburne as they all shine rather well in this one. in the end this one makes for a rather good suspense/thriller.

to fight against the death penalty is a just cause. everyone who is sane in europe would think so. in the usa everything is different. the film seems to demonstrate in a first stage that justice can be won against the racist bigot death penalty craving american justice. a young man is freed from death row thanks to a law professor who went back to defense counseling for this particular case. but the film has a sequel. justice in the usa is entirely governed by the aim of vengeance. miscarriage of justice is just the same governed by vengeance. one person in the local public attorney offfice has a young man prosecuted on false charges. this public attorney's officer drops the charges after a while and the young man walks out free. but he loses his college scholarship and he is castrated by some vengeful people for whom there is never any smoke without a fire. he hides his shame and swears to get his vengeance. but he also needs to satisfy his sexual needs which are more mental than hormonal for sure but even stronger because mental and no longer hormonal and he can only do that with little girls. he apparently teams with another serial killer who is after the same kind of preys. one day the local cops follow their intuition, guided by some vague circumstantial elements in the assassination of a young girl, and they arrest the young chap we are speaking of. they beat him up and interrogate him for 22 hours with nothing but blows and blows and telephone books and guns and russian roulette. he confesses. sent to death row, he asks his grandmother to go get the law professor in massachusetts who is the husband of the local public attorney's representative that had him falsely prosecuted some years ago and the vengeance is on the rails. it will fail but it shows that as soon as one in the line of justice, police work and other security forces steps off the line of absolute legality, some unjust act is done that can ruin even the best accusation case and that can nourish the worst deepest imaginable thirst for vengeance. to charge someone on circumstantial elements is just as bad as to let circumstantial elements ruin the work of the police or of justice. the best intentions on the police side are ruined by some personal involvement and vengeful intention, just as much as the life of a person can be jeopardized by circumstantial elements inflated to the size of evidence, which in its turn will jeopardize the whole case by being just circumstantial, hence easily discardable, with a good lawyer. the film then is a deep reflection on the necessity to respect standards and regulations all along the police and justice line if we don't want to make a mistake, which in its turn of course does not justify the death penalty since anyway it goes against the deepest belief americans are supposed to have: "we hold these truths to be self-evident , that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." (declaration of independence) life is an unalienable right that was given to man by his creator, which means no one but the one who gave it can take it away. only god can take the life of a person away. the death penalty is the arrogant appropriation of a power that we do not have. even if we do not evoke god, we cannot justify the death penalty except as an act of vengeance, and here the film shows vengeance is the worst possible motivation in the rendition of justice and in the establishment of public peace. if vengeance is pushed aside there is no other justification for this death penalty. and there can always be a mistake in that pursuit not of happiness but of vengeance.dr jacques coulardeau, university paris 1 pantheon sorbonne, university paris 8 saint denis, university paris 12 créteil, cegid

hi.. i consider just cause one of my favorite sean connery's movies, it is a tense psychological thriller with excellent performances from the cast, especially connery..it also has one of the best lines i have seen in movies, so the dialog is pretty good in this one.. it also has one of the best scenes in movies ever, when sean interviews ed harris's character in prison is just fantastic..i enjoyed this one a lot and i can not recommend this enough, really do not miss this one ! do not pay attention to the negative reviews stating that the last 30 minutes suck, it was as intense as the rest of the movie, i really find just cause a very entertaining movie..

i read some previous comments stating that this movie loses steam towards the end of the movie and also that it has a similar ending to cape fear. i completely disagree. i'm going to give a simple review for the normal moviegoers out there. i thought the casting was perfect. i thought this was one of ed harris's best performances. what an evil psychopath!!! i have a lot of respect for his acting after viewing his performance in this movie. i was riveted throughout this movie. if you like mystery thrillers then this definitely a movie you want to see. i also noticed a young scarlett johannson in this movie. this movie is filled with top stars and i highly recommend it!

just cause is a flawed but decent film held together by strong performances and some creative (though exceedingly predictable) writing. sean connery is an anti-death penalty crusader brought in to save a seemingly innocent young black man (blair underwood) from the ultimate penalty. to set things right, connery ventures to the scene of the crime, where he must contend not only with the passage of time, but a meddling sheriff (laurence fishbourne). twists and turns and role reversals abound -- some surprising, some not -- as the aging crusader attempts to unravel the mystery. the climactic ending is a bit ludicrous, but just cause is worth a look on a slow night.

just cause takes some of the best parts of three films, cape fear, a touch of evil and silence of the lambs and mixes it together to come up with a good thriller of a film.sean connery is a liberal law professor, married to a former assistant district attorney, kate capshaw and he's a crusader against capital punishment. blair underwood's grandmother ruby dee buttonholes connery at a conference and persuades him to handle her grandson's appeal. he's sitting on death row for the murder of a young girl.when connery arrives in this rural florida county he's up against a tough sheriff played by laurence fishburne who's about as ruthless in his crime solving as orson welles was in touch of evil. later on after connery gets the verdict set aside with evidence he's uncovered, he's feeling pretty good about himself. at that point the film takes a decided turn from touch of evil to cape fear.to say that all is not what it seems is to put it mildly. the cast uniformly turns in some good performances. special mention must be made of ed harris who plays a hannibal lecter like serial killer on death row with underwood. he will make your skin crawl and he starts making connery rethink some of those comfortable liberal premises he's been basing his convictions on. many a confirmed liberal i've known has come out thinking quite differently once they've become a crime victim.of course the reverse is equally true. many a law and order conservative if they ever get involved on the wrong end of the criminal justice system wants to make real sure all his rights are indeed guaranteed.criminal justice is not an end, but a process and a never ending one at that for all society. i guess if just cause has a moral that would probably be it.

a compelling thriller!!, 10 december 2005 author:littlehammer16787 from united statesjust causestarring:sean connery,laurence fishburne, and blair underwood.a liberal,though good-hearted harvard law professor paul armstrong is convoked to the flordia everglades by unjustly convicted black guy bobby earl.confessing that sadistic,cold-hearted cops vilifyied and beat him to a pulp to get the confession of a gruesome murder of an eleven year old girl. as he digs further and further into the mysterious case he realizes that bobby earl is a victim of discrimination.that the black police detective lt.tanny brown of the small community is corrupt and villainously mean. when the infamous,psychotic serial killer blair sullivan is introduced.he discovers that he knows the location of the murder weapon that butchered the little girl.when armstrong finds that there are lucid coincidences of sullivan's road trip through the small town and the letter he personally wrote. bobby earl gets a re-trial.is unfettered from prison and eludes his horrific punishment. all seems swimmingly well until an unexpected phone call from serial killer sullivan comes into focus.armstrong discovers a lurid double killing which happens to be sullivan's parents.whom he immensely detests.sullivan divulges to armstrong the truth of joanie shriver's heinous murder and why he was brought here.it turns out that bobby earl is a psychopathic murderer and he really did rape and kill joanie shriver.he just merely struck a bargain with fiendish psycho sullivan. to get loose so he could kill again for revenge.upon armstrong's beautiful wife and daughter.now sullivan is executed to his death. armstrong and tough good guy brown chase the malevolent villain to the everglades in order to thwart him.when they arrive armstrong learns that the psychotic sicko bobby earl plans to kill his wife and daughter for a former rape trial that inevitably made him endure agonizing pain and castration.but good,virtuous cop brown emerges and thwarts the brutal baddie.is stabbed and eaten by ruthless,man-eating alligators.paul armstrong,tanny brown,his wife,and daughter survive and live happily ever after. a good thriller that works.delivers both mystery and subterfuge.how reluctant blacks are hazed by racist lawmen.sentenced to unfair penalties.even though sometimes the wrongfully convicted innocent, friendly black man may in truth be the vicious baddie. sean connery is great as the oblivious,holier than thou hero.laurence fishburne is watchably amazing as the mean,arrogant,but good guy cop. underwood and harris are over the top and invigorating as the malevolent psychos.capeshaw is okay.ruby dee is great as the tenacious grandmother.the rest of the cast is wonderful as well.

this movie really is a mixed bag. on the one hand, the story and concept of the movie are really good, tense and have some nice plot twists in it. but than again on the other hand, it all is told very slow, without style and uninvolved. still i regard "just cause" as an above average thriller simply because of the fine cast.maybe sean connery was miscast in his role. i mean, he isn't really that believable as a the main 'hero' and father of a young daughter (played by a still very young scarlett johansson by the way) and husband of kate capshaw. i feel that he simply was too old for the role to be really credible in it. however sean connerey is of course a great actor and that is the only reason why he is still able to carry the movie as good as he does. but he of course is helped by a very solid supporting cast that consists out of actors like laurence fishburne, blair underwood, ned beatty, hope lange, lynne thigpen and ed harris. all actors are really good but some of them are highly underused at the same time, which is a real shame, as well as a missed opportunity. especially ed harris is just totally great in his role as a psychopathic serial killer. he's truly chilling and acting superbly. normally he doesn't play this ruthless, chilling sort of roles in movies, so he really surprises with his role in this one. his performance alone is already more than enough reason to watch this movie. however due to the fact that the story is told without much style and too formulaic, none of the characters in the movie really work out well because it feels all too distant.it really is the way of storytelling that kills all the movie its fine potential. arne glimcher directs the movie with little style and keeps the pace too low at times. because of this, we as viewers, never really get involved with the story or any of it's characters.it really is too bad, for "just cause" had more than enough potential. a fine cast and a slick story with some unexpected twists and turns in it in which nothing is what it seems. the cast and story are the only reason why this movie is still an above average thriller, that will probably still please the fan of the genre. it however is an eternal shame that the movie is lacking in its story telling and style, or else this movie could had been a real classic in its genre.7/10

never having seen this movie, based on the entertaining novel by nicholas katzenbach, and taking into consideration the first rate cast assembled for the production, we decided to take a look. "just cause", while not a horrible film, takes too many liberties with the original material that jeb stuart didn't quite succeed in his treatment. arne glimcher directed.the first thing we think when a young black man is hauled to the local precinct for interrogation is police brutality. after all, sheriff tanny brown, and police officer wilcox, show no mercy in beating bobby earl, who is accused of killing a young white girl. we feel horrified by what the officers do to the prisoner.then, the scene changes. evangeline, bobby earl's grandmother is sent north to ask a distinguished harvard professor, a retired lawyer, the young man wants paul armstrong to defend him. she old woman is convincing enough for armstrong to take a look at the case. he is also convinced of the young man's innocence.things are not exactly what we thought they were. when blair sullivan, a man who is serving time in the same facility as bobby earl, comes forward to tell about how he is connected to the young girl's murder, and changes the dynamics of the case. the way it plays in the movie, it serves to confuse the viewer and distract armstrong from arriving at the truth.this thriller is made enjoyable by sean connery, who plays armstrong. laurence fishburne, an intense actor, makes a fine impression as the sheriff who, as far as we can see, is guilty of abusing his prisoner. ed harris has a wonderful opportunity to show why he is one of our best actors. blair underwood, kate capshaw, ruby dee and the young scarlett johansson are seen in supporting roles.the film, even with its faults, will not disappoint.

i love this film. the noir imagery combined with spillane's no nonsense character mike hammer works marvellously to create a mood and feel seldom found in low budget detective films of the early fifties. it may not be 'the maltese falcon' but this film makes it's own solid contribution to the genre. spillane is often criticised for alleged misogyny etc, but his 'dames' are way above their male counterparts in terms of cunning and intelligence. poor old mike hammer, as effectively played by biff elliott, is blinded by the beauty of the mysterious psychiatrist whom he meets when investigating the death of an army buddy. when the penny finally drops his face is a picture. good to see that 50s censorship did not force the film makers to omit the famous last line. a bona fide low budget classic.

i consider this film to be the best one about mike hammer, with biff elliott's performance the definitive mike hammer. harry essex's script is excellent and contains many improvements on mickey spillane's novel. his direction is strong and imaginative, and he makes fine use of light and shadow. the camera work by john alton is top-notch, as is the score by franz waxman. the cast includes many veteran players, as well as peggie castle in her memorable performance as charlotte manning. all in all, this is one of the finest private eye films ever made. biff elliott and haary essex should have received more opportunities. i have always treasured this film.

preston waters is off to a bad summer. besides his birthday coming up, nothing else looks promising.first he has to share his own room with his brothers who are going to run a business. they can't do it in their rooms because they don't have enough space. off to a birthday party he only gets $6 tokens while others get $32, $35, and even $50. when one of his birthday cards comes early, he only gets a check made out for $11.going to the bank he learns he needs $200 at least to start an account. leaving the bank, a bully steals the check. pursuing after the kid nearly gets him run over (definately his bike gets ruined) by a criminal named quigley (played by miguel ferrer). quigley's just come from the bank too from giving the owner $1,000,000 to give to this guy tomorrow. quigley starts to write a check for the damage, but only succeeds in writing his name before a police car circles the area. afraid, he gives preston the check, informs him to give it to his dad to finish out.that evening though, preston tells his dad that he doesn't want a new bike, he wants his own room back, better yet his own house. his father confines him to his room for the rest of the evening. moping in his room preston figures things can't get any worse he realizes that he forgot about the check as it's still in his shirt pocket. it's blank.using the computer and after careful consideration, he makes it out for $1,000,000. the next day, while trying to cash it at the bank he's taken to the owner who thinks he's the person he's supposed to give the $1,000,000 and does. he's not though as the real person named juice comes in a moment later.now the three have to track preston down.meanwhile, preston has fun buying all sorts of stuff including his own house and even going on dates with a disguised bank lady who's really and fbi agent (who's trying to track the 3 bad guys down). he makes this person up named mr. macintosh who he works for and even plans a party for him on his birthday.but eventually things catch up (the money runs out, the bad guys get him).overall, a pretty funny flick. miguel ferrer plays his role very good. if you enjoyed him in another stakeout, you'll love him here. he does all sorts of wicked crazy things.rick ducommun (the stressed out boss from ghost in the machine) plays a wonderful friendly chauffeur in this movie.

first of all the movie, is an ingenious work of art(movie). the plot was filled with surprises, a little kid pretends to be a grown up inherits one million dollars and how he spends it. i mean how whacked out is this. walt disney really outdid themselves this time. the comedy is most of the times expected but the other times unexpected. i mean was this movie ok or was this movie ok. it also teaches a lot about wise youths and i this kid is really wise and a bit time smart pants. but also it sucks. how the heck could a guy like that kid get a hot police babe and his dad let him go free. that's like let a killer get bailed free for ten years. if i were to do that i'd get beaten with a 'suble jack'(a huge stick that stings when used to bench your butts really hard). that kid is really lucky. back to the story. the movie makers really knew what they were doing when they made this movie but still it's not perfect. the acting was good and bad. the kid and woman had no chemistry neither did the father but the bros were excellent'. the special effects on the other hand was lame. plus this movie isn't based on reality. i hated and loved it at the same time.

yeah, i remember this one! many years since i actually watched it. the story was entirely surreal, but nonetheless great! what anyone who rates and reviews movies ought to bear in mind is what the respective movie aims at. it's the same with "first kid", which follows a similar pattern. certain movies - like this one here - just aim at plain and comical nonsense. such movies can't be rated from the point of view of a hypercritical reviewer. of course these movies lack quality, lack a sophisticated storyline, very often lack first-class acting, but if they do fulfil their primary premise - that's okay. i don't have this movie here on my list of all-time favorites, but i still thought it was funny, had some very enjoyable sequences and made a good story. brian bonsall is a smart actor anyway.

this is a good movie. something fun about watching money be blown at a super rate, especially from a kid's point of view. take it for what it is, a fun little movie about a kid's dream coming true, and what a kid might do with $1 million dollars. don't like it, don't watch it. they make movies for the watchers, not the people that have nothing better to do then complain in their lives.

preston waters, a 11 years old boy,has problems with his parents and brothers specially because of money issues. he is crazy to have his own house and his own rules,since his brothers always stole his saved money and his parents neglect his wishes. one awful day, preston was riding his bicycle; it was the same day that the villain of the story,quigley, was trying to scape from the police and accidentally ran the car over preston's bike. needing to be far away from the police, quigley gives in a hurry, a check to cover the damages of preston's bike. the problem was: it was a blank check! preston is a clever boy and decides to have a high price on that check: 1 million dollars! all that money gives preston things that he always wished for, like a mansion with pool,lots of toys, and even a limousine! the problems start to begin when the fbi and quigley wants to know where the money is, making preston in a hard situation and facing many problems.this movie was one of my favorites during my childhood. :)

okay. yes, this was a very-tight-budget movie with continuity errors (like single scenes obviously filmed in sunshine and then in shadow and then mixed together), and as much as i love nick mancuso he was often a little too good at the burnt-out part, and some of the minor supporting cast was really bad (plus at least one actor was used for two different but conspicuous roles). but come on. richard grieco was hysterical (his hair alone is worth the trip). steven ford was very likable. mancuso had some great lines, while nancy allen, ironically, was completely bland and uninteresting. classic? no. bad parts? yes. entertaining? big yes. i would have loved to have been on-set the day they decided what kind of hairstyle grieco would have. "are you fast?" ... "y'ain't that fast."

this film caught me off guard when it started out in a cafe located in arizona and a richard grieco,(rex),"dead easy",'04, decides to have something to eat and gets all hot and bothered over a very hot, sexy waitress. while rex steps out of the cafe, he sees a state trooper and asks him,"are you fast?" and then all hell breaks loose in more ways than one. nancy allen (maggie hewitt),"dressed to kill,",'80, is a tv reporter and is always looking for a news scoop to broadcast. maggie winds up in a hot tub and rex comes a calling on her to tell her he wants a show down, western style, with the local top cop in town. this is a different film, however, nancy allen and richard grieco are the only two actors who help this picture together!

an unusually straight-faced actioner played by a cast and filmed by a director who obviously took the material seriously. imperfect, as is to be expected from a film clearly shot on a tight budget, but the drama is involving-- it's one of those films that when it gets repeated ad nauseum on cinemax 2 or more max or whatever they call it, you end up watching 40 minute blocks when you're supposed to be going to work. along w/ "deathstalker 2", "chopping mall", and "the assault", a reminder that wynorski is a much more talented director than many of his fellow low-budget brethern, who has a real ability to pace a genre film, when he actually's interested in the material (i.e., don't bother watching any of his shannon tweed flicks with a 3 or a 4 after the title!) actors who've had too little to do recently (mancuso, ford, even gary sandy for chrissakes) really put their all into some of their best roles in years -- as for grieco, he has the right look, although his acting is a bit one-note -- it's clear his character is supposed to be self-destructing throughout the film, but grieco doesn't quite convey it. i checked imdb and i see the writer also wrote "sorority house massacre 2" & "dinosaur island" for the director -- both minor classics in their own rights, but obviously "silly" roger cormon-like cinema -- this one's more like some of the better jonathan demme and jonathan kaplan b-pictures of the 70's -- giving you the exploitation element but offering involving drama at the same time -- a real step forward. not "citizen kane," and the comic final moments are a bit disruptive, but a well-written, character-driven above-average straight-to-video actioner. small achievements like this should not be overlooked when they come along, which is rare enough (as i was reminded as i tried to sit through an albert pyun monstrosity called "heatseeker" the other night -- this low-budget stuff isn't as easy as it looks -- but that's another story!)

i enjoyed watching this well acted movie very much!it was well acted,particularly by actress helen hunt and actors steven weber and jeff fahey.it was a very interesting movie,filled with drama and suspense,from the beginning to the very end.i reccomend that everyone take the time to watch this made for television movie,it is excellent and has great acting!!

i must say that i really had no idea that i was going to sit down and watch this movie. i guess it was the fact that i had nothing better to do between class. but, for once a tv movie caught my interest. more importantly helen hunt caught my eye. i really wasn't a big fan of hers prior to this film. sure i liked twister and as good as it gets. but, something about this movie really did it for me. i would now see myself as a huge fan. this movie comes with high marks from...me. give it a chance, it won't let you down.

i enjoyed watching this well acted movie very much!it was well acted,particularly by actress helen hunt and actors steven weber and jeff fahey.it was a very interesting movie,filled with drama and suspense,from the beginning to the very end.i reccomend that everyone take the time to watch this made for television movie,it is excellent and has great acting!!

**spoilers** highly charge police drama about a serial killer loose in and around the small town of riverside wisconsin. who's being tracked down by the local police using policewoman gina pulasky, helen hunt,as an undercover decoy to catch him. nothing new in this made for tv movie that you haven't seen before but the depth of the acting and screenplay is unusually good and brings out a lot about not only the killer but the policewoman's, as well as her fellow policeman lover, state of mind.having been put under psychiatric care after shooting an armed and unstable assailant, who attacked her partner with a rifle. officer palusky is given the task to go undercover to get close to murder suspect kayle timler, steven webber. after he was positively identified by the little girl sahsa, kim kluznick,who saw him not far from where little timmy curtis was found stabbed, 18 times, to death the next day.getting a job at the mr. "c" diner where tim works gina gets to become very friendly with him and later tells him, in order to get tim to open up, about him possibly being the serial murderer that she once killed in a hit-and-run accident a 79 year old woman. tim who is said to have a genius iq doesn't seem to pick up on gina's attempt to trap him even when he later sees her at a bowling alley with her fellow cops spending a night out. playing some weird cat and mouse game with her tim at one point get's gina, at knife point, to admit that she's wired. but gina tells him that she was forced to do it by the police to get a break and an early release from prison. besides tim's instability and criminal actions we find out that gina isn't all there as well.she seems to be suffering from her being rejected by her father who left her, with a drunk and abusing mother, as a young girl that's effecting her work as an undercover policewoman. there's also the fact that gina's lover policeman will mccaid (jeff fahey), who's estranged from his wife and two kids, who's also on the serial murder case is too overprotective of her. that causes gina to almost blow her cover and that has her later being taken off her assignment. put back on undercover duty by her boss capt. cheney (dan conway), over the objections of officer mccaid, after another young boy, 12 year-old davy marish,was found murdered gina finally get's herself together and gets tim to admit that he's the person who's responsible for the string of murders in the area. gina does it by having a hidden tape recorder that she replaced the one that she gave to him to show how honest she is, hidden on her.the movie "in the company of darkness" wasn't really that exceptional but the acting by helen hunt jeff fahey and especially steven webber was. it was these high caliber performances that lifted the film well above the average made for tv movie were used to seeing.

this is one of the best movies out there and that's saying a lot being that it was for television. i really wish it was on d.v.d.helen hunt gave such a raw performance. she played a rookie cop thrown into serial killer case perfectly. when she falls apart because he kills another kid it was amazing. she is so alone, so he gets to her. when she talks about her mother! wow!steven weber as the serial killer was so shocking! he really brought her into his dark world. it was oscar-worthy. when he talks about killing the kids, scary! when he realizes who she really is! what a scene!!they really don't make them like that anymore. it was a real thriller without being gory.

chalk this one up in the win column, this was a superb movie. the acting performances were great and the script was equally great.helen hunt was magnificent as the riverside police officer gina pulasky. gina was a complex character. she was a rookie cop with the riverside police dept. she ended up in an affair with a coworker that she knew had a wife and kids, all the while she took on the dangerous task of going undercover to catch a serial killer. jeff fahey (the ray liotta look alike) did a bang up job as the confused, often stammering, police officer that had an affair with gina. he was stoic as an officer, but he was quite the opposite when it came to dealing with his feelings and his extra-marital affair.steven weber, most notably from the sitcom "wings", did a nice job as the quiet, meek, underachieving sociopath. on the surface, he was an innocent loser, but beneath the surface lied a cold hearted killer. weber really took on the persona of a childlike young adult with an insatiable thirst to kill young boys.the entire movie was spectacular. each scene, each verbal exchange let us know more and more about the characters. the production team did a phenomenal job with condensing days, if not weeks worth of events into a 90 minute movie. this movie was a good example of doing a lot with little.

more tv movies ought to be made like this one. i saw it way back in '93 when it was first on tv. helen hunt and steven weber were both terrific, giving very gritty and realistic performances. weber was especially good, turning in an exceptionally creepy and understated performance as the child molester/killer. this film really increased my respect for hunt as an actress. the director also directed "hoosiers," which was somehow both formulaic and exciting. but the direction in both of these works has the same stark, simple realism that is so appealing. if you like tv movies that aren't predictable and filled with overacting, see it if you can. the side story about hunt and fahey's affair is also appealing without detracting from the main story.

when a small town is threatened by a child killer, a lady police officer goes after him by pretending to be his friend. as she becomes more and more emotionally involved with the murderer her psyche begins to take a beating causing her to lose focus on the job of catching the criminal. not a film of high voltage excitement, but solid police work and a good depiction of the faulty mind of a psychotic loser.

i have seen this movie more than several times, on tv. i always watch it again...never turning the channel. this movie is full of chilling surprises, and absolutely edge-of-your-seat suspenseful, without being overbearing or stupid. helen hunt's talent is magnificently shown in this movie! i recommend this movie to anyone!!!

i just finished viewing this finely conceived, and beautifully acted/directed movie. it was nip and tuck as to whether i was going to waste my time viewing a movie on the lifetime movie network because of the horribly distracting commercials. reading the earlier comments persuaded me to give it a shot. after all the worst that could happen would be that i might fall asleep during one of the boring yet lengthy bug spray ads. so why did i watch it? mainly because when imdb gives a movie a "weighted average" of 5.8 who's statistical average was 7.3 it must be a sure hit.i was totally delighted to have taken the time to view this movie, commercial pox and all. helen hunt continues to amaze me with her ability to take on tough roles adapting her core persona to fit each role.the portrait she painted in this film of the tough yet perceptively human police officer was beautifully executed. when the scene calls for quick witted, timely delivered verbal intercourse, she can stand toe to toe with any actor. yet she is adept at the delivery of volumes of emotional response without uttering a word relying only on facial expression and body language. without the commercials, which by design kill the continuity of any good film, this would have been a real edge-of-the-seat nail-biter. i gave it a 9.0

after some of the negative reviews i heard on this movie, i was doubtful of giving it a go, but i had £3.99 in my wallet & thought id gamble on buying a budget like movie & saw this and gave it ago & i'm glad i did, i enjoyed it. directed by the star of films such as chain reaction, the ring, bourne identity,(brian cox) i had to gamble with this even if it was rubbish but it weren't at all, i found some of the humour quite funny especially alfred molina the star of spider-man 2 the character doc ock. he was excellent the most enjoyable part of the film. of course like many other people which bought this movie i saw matthew's name, and that made me get it! and no his part isn't big at all, it's very short at the very end of the film, it's not a big part which makes me believe thats why people hate the film. i suggest you give it a go. some parts are a pit poor that needed polishing, the acting, and a bit more action. but it's watchable.

i don't understand why the other comments focus on mcconaughey. he has never been a very interesting film actor. the best part of this movie is the writing and the wit. alfred molina and patrick mcgaw make an unusual comic duo, definitely not stock types. although one can't say their characters are well developed that doesn't make them any less funny.the version i saw was on hdnet and had subtitles for the spanish dialog, so that was certainly not a problem. the use of spanish gives it more authenticity. a very underrated movie, judging by the unusually low score imdb members have given it. i thought it was fun and interesting and worth a 7 at least. a lot of slick movies with higher scores and making big money at the box office are much less interesting.

i'm a writer working at home and diagnosis murder is my lunchtime break companion - good, clean fun, good humour and nostalgia for the days of the dick van dyke show. how innocent we all were (and how innocent is diagnosis murder). i particularly enjoyed the episodes with other nostalgia figures like joe mannix. the bad guys always get caught, the good guys carry on. the stars clearly enjoy themselves and are having a ball without taking themselves too seriously.one beef: why were so many of the villains women or at least bitches? amanda was too dizzy. its hard to imagine her really carrying out anything as gruesome as an autopsy.i hope we haven't seen the last of dick van dyke and family on our screens, esp. at lunchtimes!!

diagnosis murder is one of the only programs i watch regularly on tv now. the way all of the main characters have something to do in each of the episodes makes it so unlike today's shows where they concentrate on 1 or 2 people per episode and everyone else is shoved to the side. the way mark's brain works is also so obscure that you never really know what he is thinking, and if you think you do, you are wrong.diagnosis murder has tackled a diverse range of topics, not just in the cases but in each of the characters personal lives. everything from racism and adoption, to terrorists and technology.as for it being for old people? i am 24!! i don't think i can be classed as old yet.i just want to know when they will be releasing all 8 seasons on dvd (not ntsc) so that i can watch them all in order. they seem to be doing it with lots of other programs from the same era so can they hurry it up a bit!

old people show???? i'm 15 and have been watching the show since i was 12, recoding it onto my sky+ box everyday from hallmark and bbc 1. i really wish they hadn't cancelled it, they didn't even get a proper farewell. but what an adventure, all those episodes, i think i've seen them all, and not one comes to mind that i didn't like and enjoy.its a shame the bbc keep swapping between diagnoses murder and 'murder she wrote'- never watched it and don't intend to. anyways, he characters in diagnoses murder are so in-depth, and the chemistry between the actors is amazing. it really was a sad day when they cancelled this show........

diagnosis murder has been shown on most weekday afternoons on bbc1 since i used to watch it while ill from school a good 10 years ago - i know i shouldn't really enjoy it, in the same way i shouldn't enjoy 'murder she wrote' but i'm totally addicted to both and even have the dvd box-sets....ok i know that's sad!dick van dyke carries the show as he stars as dr.mark sloan a doctor at community general hospital in l.a who is also a police consultant for the l.a.p.d. - his son steve (barry van dyke - dick's real life son) is a police officer, who needs his father's help on very many suspicious deaths. along for the ride is dr.amanda bentley (victoria bentley) the resident pathologist at community general and for the first couple of seasons you had scott baio playing dr.jack stewart, who upped and left the series in 1995 hoping to go on to bigger and better things...he should have stayed where he was, he hasn't done anything of note since....and his only theatrical appearance for many years was in baby geniuses 2:superbabies....oh dear!!!anyhow dr.jack stewart was replaced by the younger dr.jesse travis played by charlie schlatter who stepped into baio's shoes pretty comfortably.the series is highly implausible but what whodunit series isn't? (murder she wrote - everywhere jessica goes, someone ends up dead, or the underrated father dowling mysteries about a murder solving priest with nun sidekick)the series was much lighter up until 1997 this is because it had a supporting cast that included the bumbling hospital manager norman briggs played by michael tucci along with nurse & mark's secretary dolores played by delores hall, after 1997 both these characters were no longer included and the series became a grittier affair with a bigger looking budget, some episodes included far more action, one episode the entire hospital is blown up.this was a family show for the van dyke's because as well as dick's son barry, you also had dick's daughter and all his grandchildren making an appearance in various episodes. as the series went on it got a bit silly, one episode i remember dick van dike plays his entire family, which was a bit out of the ordinary, but on the whole 'diagnosis murder' was a really good tv show which had numerous good guest stars.since this show finished in 2001, dick & barry have appeared together again in the 'murder 101' series of tv movies made by the hallmark channel, pretty much following the same path, and still enjoyable. dick who's now in his mid 80's doesn't seem to change a great deal, and looks as if he'll be working till the bitter end.tv show **** out of *****

this, like murder she wrote, is one of those shows, that after a stressful day at school, i sit down in front of the tv, and watch. why? because i genuinely enjoy it, and it's a shame it's not on the air anymore. dick van dyke is amazing as dr mark sloan, a doctor-turned-detective, who with his son, solves murders. he is joined by a largely unknown but very competent supporting cast, namely his real-life son, barry van dyke. victoria rowell is also good, but i noticed that every series her hairstyle changes. i also liked scott baio and charlie schlatter, but i particularly loved michael tucci as norman, and was puzzled how he suddenly disappeared. this show is so entertaining,with great guest stars, it's a bit obvious at times, like colombo, but in every episode, there is always something to chuckle about. in conclusion, a great series, with two thumbs up and a 10/10. bethany cox

what network was , diagnosis murder on? i thought it was cbs. am i right or?? also, back in those days, the actual production h.q. was near about the van nuys airport. i surely remember, because i practically made nearly two episodes in those daze. more. i remember the early days. i had found an article in reader's digest giving this actor/writer a clue to a terrific episode. so just for suggesting it i was awarded. awarded or not, i sadly didn't develop it, and was cut out of it all due to poor publicity of mine. so as a justification i learned as i always have, the hard way... roll the dice..craps!!! just a side bar on mr. van dyke. he had a house in the brentwood area on chalon road and it was an incredible party house. dick had a terrific sense of modernism when he built that house.

i love this show as it action packed with adventure, love and intrigue. well some times love! it's so good see a show where all the characters work well together and they treat each other with respect. it's also very good to se dick van dyke in a television role as i have only seen him in mary poppins. the mixture of the main characters, mark, amanda, jesse and steve is very capturing to the audience. this is a show you have to watch!

thankfully as a student i have been able to watch "diagnosis murder" for a number of years now. it is basically about a doctor who solves murders with the help of his lapd son, a young doctor and a pathologist. dm provided 8 seasons of exceptional entertainment. what made it different from the many other cop shows and worth watching many times over was its cast and quality of writing. the main cast gave good performances and dick van dyke's entertainer roots shone through with the use of magic, dance and humor. the best aspects of dm was the fast pace, witty scripts and of course the toe tapping score. sadly it has been unfairly compared to "murder, she wrote". dm is far superior boasting more difficult mysteries to solve and more variety. now it is gone tv is a worse place. gone are the days of feelgood, family friendly cop shows. now there is just depressing 'gritty' ones.

i've just seen the saint strikes back for the first time and found it quite good. this was george sanders's first appearance as the saint, where he replaces louis hayward.in this one, the saint is sent to san francisco to investigate a shooting at a night club. with the help of his acquaintance inspector fernack who has come down from new york, they help a daughter of a crime boss.joining sanders in the cast are wendy barrie and jonathan hale.not a bad saint movie. worth seeing.rating: 3 stars out of 5.

leslie charteris' series of novels of the adventures of the slightly shady simon templar ("the saint") was brought to the screen in the late 1930s with the up and coming george sanders as templar. it was a careful choice - sanders usually would play villains with occasional "nice roles" (ffoliott in foreign correspondence, the title hero in the strange case of uncle harry, the framed "best friend" of robert montgomery in rage in heaven). here his willingness to bend the rules and break a law briefly fit his "heavy persona", while his good looks and suave behavior made templar a fit shady hero like chester morris' "boston blackie", and (to an extent) peter lorre's "mr. moto". the films are not the best series of movie mystery serials - but they are serviceable. like rathbone's holmes series or oland's chan's series the show frequently had actors repeating roles or playing new ones (the anti-heroine in the film here was played by wendy barrie, who would show up in a second film in the series). this, and slightly familiar movie sets make the series a comfortable experience for the viewers, who hear the buzz of the dialog (always showing sanders' braininess in keeping one step ahead of the bad guys), without noting the obvious defects of the plot. all these mysteries have defects due to the fact that even the best writers of the genre can't avoid repeating old ideas again and again and again.here the moment when that happened was when one of the cast admitted his affection for barrie, which she was long aware of. shortly after he tries to protect her from the police. but as the film dealt with the identity of a criminal mastermind, it became obvious that this person was made so slightly noble as to merit being the mysterious mastermind (i.e., the script disguised him as the least likely suspect).barrie is after the proof that her father (who died in prison) was framed by the real criminals in a robbery gang. she has several people assisting her - mugs like william gargan - and she gets advice from the mastermind on planning embarrassing burglaries that can't be pinned on her. the d.a. who got her father convicted (jerome cowan) is determined to get barrie and her gang. the only detective who seems to have a chance to solve the case is jonathan hale, who is shadowing sanders but reluctantly working with him. the cast has some nice moments in the script - hale (currently on a special diet) is tempted to eat a rich lobster dinner made for sanders by willie best. he gets a serious upset stomach as a result, enabling sanders and barrie to flee sanders' apartment. best has to remind him (when he feels better) to head for a location that sanders told him to go to at a certain time.there is also an interesting role for gilbert emery. usually playing decent people (like the brow-beaten husband in between two worlds) he plays a socially prominent weakling here - whose demise is reminiscent of that of a character in a bogart movie.on the whole a well made film for the second half of a movie house billing in 1939. it will entertain you even if it does not remain in your memory.

it's not too bad a b movie, with sanders, barrie, hale, cowen, hamilton, gargan, fitzgerald and even willie best we could be either with charlie chan, moto, the falcon, blackie, holmes or the saint etc. in other words you get the chance to spend another hour in the company of some old friends, from plain to urbane, murdering and being murdered - always a pleasure in my book.barrie's a hard-boiled dame out to avenge and clear her framed and dead father, a police detective by planning and carrying out with her coterie a string of underworld assassinations. which would surely have had the opposite effect! sanders joins in the fun simply by dancing in the right club in the right place in the right city at the right time with the right lighting falling on both him and the first killer (at the right time!) and killing him.the story and acting's ok, the only gripe i've got is near the end with the hurried and almost laughable discovery of who the evil genius (waldeman) was - did they almost forget about his relevance in the plot? that said, a solid entry in the series.

a surprisingly good movie! it has quite a few good jokes thru out the whole movie. the only negative thing is that some scenes go to the extremes to show just how stupid the two main characters are. we get it, stupid blondes, get on with it! the plot just barely dodges being called "corny". and boobies are always a plus altho the movie for some strange reason doesn't play with that card very much even tho the plot line introduces two black haired women who act as the evil counter part of our two blondes.so all in all, a good movie to watch. i almost gave it an 8/10, but let's not get crazy.

this movie is actually funny! if you'd like to rest your brain for an hour so then go ahead and watch it. it's called blonde and blonder, so don't expect profound and meaningful jokes. what this movie and enjoy all the stereotypes we have about two blondes. it's just a funny movie to watch on a date or with a company of friends (especially if you're not too sober. lol ) pamela and denise are still pretty hot chicks. it's a mistake to judge this movie as a piece of art. c'mon, this movie is about blondes! it's supposed to be light, funny and superficial. one more thing, i do not think that girls will appreciate and like this movie but guy definitely will.

blonde and blonder has pamela anderson and denise richards in almost every scene and if you want more from a movie you're being utterly unreasonable. it feels like a late era carry on, when the series was no longer blazing trails, but was still more funny than not, think behind or england and you won't be too far off the mark. pamela and denise are bubbly, charming and clearly aware this isn't a masterpiece they're making, although you can give me it over lots of things i'm told to like. the supporting cast are energetic, even if some of them aren't particularly good; i can't see a couple of duff turns in a movie that's already practically forgotten making much difference to anything, so just smile. i really do think blonde and blonder is ace and i hope you hate me for it.

one of my favorite scenes is at the beginning when guests on a private yacht decide to take an impromptu swim - in their underwear! rather risqué for 1931!

mendez and marichal have provided us with a serious, cogent and painful analysis of the social, spiritual, economic and political crisis that 108 years of colonialism have spawned in puerto rico. a beautiful island with the most hospitable people i have met and yet because our nation refuses to faces its imperial responsibilities, puerto ricans are allowed to wither and die.the spiritual crisis that the colonial situation of puerto rico has created, if undermining families, and the basic institutions that sustain any society. corruption is rampant to the extent that people are not paying taxes (which has led a fiscal crisis for this nation) and a sense of cynicism and distrust permeate the island's culture.fortunately, a grant allowed this painful yet powerful film to be produced.a must see . . .

"thieves and liars" presents us with a very naturalistic depiction of the levels of corruption that affect many puerto ricans and force them to make difficult if not impossible choices about their and their loved ones' lives. the cast is excellent, considering that some are non-professional actors; an excellent choice that augments the level of reality in the film. the photography propels the story without intrusion, as it should be in this type of film. the script captures the idiosyncrasies and attitudes of the "boricuas" in a very deep way. sometimes it feels like you're watching a documentary! watching this film you feel as if you've secretly entered the real puerto rican society and stand invisibly watching it implode. i loved it!

and that goes especially for lawyers & cops. puerto rico,which boasts of a small,but potent film production firm,brings this multi layered tale of corruption,due to the on going drug cartel that starts in south america,makes a pit stop on the island commonwealth,and then northbound into north america. steven bauer,the most recognizable face on screen here,leads a cast of top notch actors,in a story of "can you spot the only respectable face in the crowd?". ricardo mendez matta moves up from directing mainly action adventure fare for american television,in a screenplay written by matta,along with poli marichal. the rest of the cast (elpidia carrillo,magda rivera,jose herredia,luz maria randon,to mention a few)turn in oh so fine roles,in a film that will keep you wondering "is there any respectable characters here?". spoken in spanish with english subtitles. rated 'r' by the mpaa,this film contains outbursts of vulgar language,brief flashes of nudity,adult content & violence,some of which is quite lurid.

if you've seen this movie, you've been to puerto rico. i've lived in puerto rico all my life, and have to shamefully admit that we (pr) are living a real chaos right now, drugs being the main reason for the shootings and killings we have almost every day. these people will shoot anyone, anytime and anywhere, and many innocent lives have been lost because of this. we don't feel safe anymore, and in addition to this, our so-called "justice" is no longer moved by truth and rightness, but by money, influence and power. "ladrones y mentirosos" is based on real, deplorable facts, and truly portrays puerto rico's three main problems: the drug-related killings, money and power manipulating our courtrooms, and innocent people and children being corrupted and even dying because of this. ricardo and his wife poli, with their true-to-life plot and their award winning direction(**), were brave enough to present all this as bad as it is: puerto rico is a beautiful and friendly country, living a nightmare that doesn't seem to end !!! ** they recently won the "copper wing award" for best director in the world cinema competition at the 2006 phoenix film festival.

this was the first movie that joan crawford and clark gable made together and they would go on to make several more. crawford stars a young rich girl who's father is wiped out in the stock market crash and there is nothing left for her and her brother. they have never worked before and the brother, william bakewell, gets a job with gable, who is a gangster and bakewell thinks it will be an easy job but gets in over his head pretty quick. crawford becomes a reporter at a newspaper but wants to work on the big stories but is given worthless stuff to work on. their is a massacre in which several of gable's men are killed and crawford was a witness to the whole thing. it's a good movie but not one of their best.

"dance, fools, dance" is an early crawford-gable vehicle from 1931. crawford plays a bonnie jordan, a wealthy young woman whose life consists of parties, booze, and stripping off her clothes to jump from a yacht and go swimming. this all ends when her father dies and leaves her and her brother (william blakewell) penniless. bonnie gets a job on a newspaper using the name mary smith; her brother goes to work for bootleggers. the head man is jake luva - portrayed by clark gable as he plays yet another crook. later, of course, he would turn into a romantic hero, but in the early '30s, mgm used him as a bad guy. not realizing that her brother is involved in illegal activity, bonnie cozies up to luva.gable and crawford made a great team. her facial expressions are a little on the wild side, but that, along with her dancing, is one of the things that makes the movie fun. look for cliff edwards, the voice of jiminy cricket, as bert.it's always interesting to see the precode movies, and "dance, fools, dance" is no exception.

this is one of joan crawford's best talkies. it was the first gable-crawford pairing, and made it evident to mgm and to audiences that they were a sizzling team, leading the studio to make seven more films with them as co-stars.the film convincingly depicts the downward slide of a brother and sister who, after their father loses everything in the stock market crash, must fend for themselves and work for a living. life is hard in the depression, and soon even their attempts at finding legitimate work prove futile, and they resort to underworld activity. joan crawford is excellent as the socialite-turned-moll. she's smart, complex, and believable. she even tempers the theatrical stiffness of the other actors' early talkie acting style. clark gable is a diamond-in-the rough, masculine and gruff as the no-nonsense gangster who becomes involved with crawford's character. the same year he would play a similar and even more successful role opposite norma shearer in "a free soul", securing his position as top male sex symbol at mgm.if you like crawford in this type of role, don't miss "paid", which she did a year earlier, which is also among her best early talkie performances.

joan crawford had just begun her "working girl makes good" phase with the dynamic "paid" (1930). she had never attempted a role like that before and critics were impressed. so while other actresses were wondering why their careers were foundering (because they were clinging to characters that had been the "in" thing a few years before but were now becoming passe) joan was listening to the public and securing her longevity as an actress. the depression was here and jazz age babies who survived on an endless round of parties were frowned upon. of course, if you became rich through immoral means but suffered for it - that was alright.this film starts out with a spectacular house boat party. bonnie jordan (joan crawford) is the most popular girl there - especially when she suggests that everyone go swimming in their underwear!!! however, when bonnie's father has a heart attack, because of loses on the stock market, both bonnie and her brother, rodney (william bakewell) realise who their real friends are. after bob townsend (lester vail - a poor man's johnny mack brown) offers to do the "right thing" and marry her - they had just spent a night together when bonnie declared (with abandon) that she wants love on approval - she starts to show some character by deciding to get a job.she finds a job at a newspaper and quickly impresses by her will to do well. her working buddy is bert scranton (cliff edwards) and together they are given an assignment to write about the inside activities of the mob. rodney also surprises her with the news that he also has a job. she is thrilled for him but soon realises it is bootlegging and he is mixed up with cold blooded killer, jake luva (clark gable). rodney witnesses a mass shooting and goes to pieces, "spilling the beans" to the first person he sees drinking at the bar - which happens to be bert. he is then forced to kill bert and after- wards he goes into hiding. the paper pulls out all stops in an effort to find bert's killer and sends bonnie undercover as a dancer in one of jake's clubs. (joan does a very lively dance to "accordian joe" - much to sylvie's disgust). the film ends with a gun battle and as rodney lies dying, bonnie tearfully phones in her story.this is a super film with crawford and gable giving it their all. natalie moorehead, who as sylvie shared a famous "cigarette scene" with gable early in the film, was a stylish "other woman" who had her vogue in the early thirties. william bakewell had a huge career (he had started as a teenager in a douglas fairbanks film in the mid 20s). a lot of his roles though were weak, spineless characters. in this film he played the weak brother and was completely over-shadowed by joan crawford and the dynamic newcomer clark gable - maybe that was why he never became a star.highly recommended.

don't listen to fuddy-duddy critics on this one, this is a gem! young rich joan and her brother find themselves penniless after their father dies - and now they have to work for a living! she, naturally, becomes a reporter, and he, just as naturally, a driver for the mob! by wild co-incidences their careers meet head on, thanks to gangster clark gable. in the meantime there is the chance for a moonlight underwear swim for a bunch of pretty young things and for joan to do a couple of risque dance numbers (with all the grace of a steam-shovel).but none of this is supposed to be taken seriously - it's all good fun from those wonderful pre-code days, when hollywood was really naughty. joan looks great, and displays much of the emotional range that would give her career such longevity (thank god she stopped the dancing!). gable is remarkable as a slimy gangster - he wasn't a star yet and so didn't have to be the hero. great to see him playing something different. and william bakewell is excellent as the poor confused brother. and there are some great montages and tracking shots courtesy of director harry beaumont, who moves the piece on with a cracking pace - and an occasional wink to the audience! great fun!

i disagree strongly with anyone who might dismiss this film as "just" entertainment. set right after the carefree, roaring 20s, during the early days of the great depression, dance, fools, dance is at its heart an earnest cautionary tale, with a clear message about how best to endure these hard times. yet this fast-paced and tightly-plotted film is far from being a dreary morality tale.in the 30s, hollywood had a knack for churning out one entertaining *and* enlightening audience-pleaser after another, all without wasting a frame of film. dance, fools, dance -- one of *four* films that harry beaumont directed in 1931 -- is barely 80 minutes long, yet its characters are well developed, its story never seems rushed, and despite its many twists in plot, the audience is never left behind.with the lone exception of lester vail as flaccid love interest bob townsend, the supporting cast is uniformly strong. worthy of note are william bakewell as crawford's brother, cliff edwards (best known as the voice of jiminy cricket) as reporter bert scranton, and clark gable in an early supporting role as gangster jake luva.but this is joan crawford's film, and she absolutely shines in it. made when she was just 27, this lesser-known version of crawford will probably be unrecognizable to those more familiar with her later work. however, here is proof that long before she took home an oscar for mildred pierce, crawford was a star in the true sense of the word, a terrific actress with the charisma to carry a picture all by herself.score: eight out of ten

a real classic, ten out of ten! every actor is perfect, the screenplay is a haunting succession of suspenseful scenes. scenes in car and scenes in the mountains are breathtaking. wonder if this film is already out in dvd, because it must be seen in widescreen version. saw this film in the late fifties, maybe three or four times, and never since then forgot it.i remember it was one of the first warner like cinemas cope features, process called warnerscope which gave a very neat cinematography. shelley winters and jack palance deserved an oscar for their performances.the only thing i could criticize is not having been directed by someone like, say nicholas ray, to increase its rhythm and tension.

`mad dog' earle is back, along with his sad-sack moll marie, and that fickle clubfoot velma. so are babe and red, doc and big mac, and even the scenery-chewing mutt pard. the only thing missing is a good reason for remaking raoul walsh's high sierra 14 years later without rethinking a line or a frame, and doing so with talent noticeably a rung or two down the ladder from that in the original. (instead of walsh we get stuart heisler, for humphrey bogart we get jack palance, for ida lupino shelley winters, and so on down through the credits.) the only change is that, this time, instead of black-and-white, it's in warnercolor; sadly, there are those who would count this an improvement.i died a thousand times may be unnecessary – and inferior – but at least it's not a travesty; the story still works on its own stagy terms. earle (palance), fresh out of the pen near chicago, drives west to spearhead a big job masterminded by ailing kingpin lon chaney, jr. – knocking over a post mountain resort. en route, he almost collides with a family of oakies, when he's smitten with their granddaughter; the smiting holds even when he discovers she's lame. arriving at the cabins where the rest of gang holes up, he finds amateurish hotheads at one another's throats as well as winters, who throws herself at him (as does the pooch). biding time until they get a call from their inside man at the hotel, palance (to winter's chagrin) offers to pay for an operation to cure the girl's deformity, a gesture that backfires. then, the surgical strike against the resort turns into a bloodbath. on the lam, palance moves higher into the cold sierras....it's an absorbing enough story, competently executed, that lacks the distinctiveness walsh and his cast brought to it in 1941, the year bogie, with this role and that of sam spade in the maltese falcon, became a star. and one last, heretical note: those mountains do look gorgeous in color.

this episode is certainly different than all the other columbos, though some of the details are still there, the setup is completely different. that makes this columbo unique, and interesting to watch, even though at times you might wish for the old columbo. i liked it a lot, but then, i like almost any columbo.

i must warn you, there are some spoilers in it. but to start it off, i got "spanish judges" on february i think. it was mention it was the last copy, but as i see, it wasn't back-ordered. but either way, i have it. i thought it was good. i wanted to see this mainly because of the great actor, matthew lillard (i'm surprised no one on the reviews mention the scar) although it is kind of low budget, getting enough money to make this film would be worth spending. man, what a good actor.the story it about a con artist known as jack (matthew lillard) who "claims" to have merchandises called the spanish judges. if you don't know what spanish judges are or haven't seen the trailer for this and this is the first review you have read, i won't even say what they are. i figure it would be a big twist of no one knew what it was. he needs protection, so he hires a couple who are also crooks, max and jamie (vincent d'onofrio and valeria golino) as well as a crook that goes by the name of piece (mark boone junior). he has a girlfriend who won't even tell anyone her name because she's from mars, as she said. so they (mainly jack) call her "mars girl". everything starts out fine, but then it turns to one big game. a game that involves some lust, lies and betrayal.there was some over acting in it (matt and valeria, as well as tamara, were not one of them). there were some scenes they could've done better and the score could've been a little better as well. some of the score was actually good. the theme they used for the beginning and the end (before the credits) was a good song choice, that's my opinion. the fight scene in the end could've been a little longer and a little more violent, but what can you do? one more comment on matt: damn, he plays a smooth, slick con man.i know this is a review, but i need to make a correction towards necro, one of the reviewers: valeria golino is not a newcomer. according to this site, she has been acting since 1983. to me, and hopefully to others, she is well known as charlie sheen's italian love interest in both the "hot shots!" movies. but good review.although i think it's one of the rare films i've seen and it's really good (which is why i gave it 10 stars above), i will give the grade of what i thought when i first saw it.8/10

im a huge m lillard fan that's why i ended up watching this movie. honestly i doubt that if he wasn't in the movie i would of enjoyed it as much or even watched it but once i did watch it realize the story was pretty decent. a bad ending i must say but i did see it coming. it's a low budget movie and some of the actors weren't really good but all in all i rated this movie 7/10.the suspense of wondering what lillard was actually up to was what really keeped me interested in this movie.its a good rental!7/10

wow, i can't believe i'm the first and only one to post a comment on this great movie.although the movie itself seemed interesting enough the real thing that attracted me to this one is matt lillard, granted most people probably either think he's too caffeine happy or just plain sucks but we're both the same age and from the same generation and i've watched this guy so many times that he's one of my favorites now. this is one of the few movies where he is the big shot and main star kind of like in slc punk, another great lillard film.baiscally this is storywise your usual heist movies but with more twists than anything, which start to amount to craziness. also very notable in this movie is another great actor named vincent d'onofrio, a very under appreciated person in the film industry. the woman in the movie is a newcomer and she isn't too bad although you know they hired her mainly for her accent and the nude scene =)it's a game of jack vs jill vs bob as each want to reap the rewards but share with no one. they all try to get eachother to kill off the other and it's a timebomb waiting to explode. matt shows his true prowess as the scheming jack who initially starts the whole scheme. vincent and woman play a couple of art thieves who are in need of money due to a lack of business. vince's character is a bit deranged and skitz's throughout the movie but that only add to the intensity of the film.the surprises left and right are well welcomed and the ending is very non cliche and makes you feel happy, well maybe that depends on the type of endings you like. this movie kept me very interested besides the fact matt was in it, it's a great movie and i'd highly recommend it to anyone who likes movies. critic's probably won't like this movie, but they don't watch movies cause they like movies anyway.

once in the life means that once a hoodlum, always a hoodlum, and nobody gets in or out of `the life' for free. neighborhood hoodlums in new york sell drugs and run scams because they can't make it in the legitimate world, maybe because they have a criminal record, or a drug habit, or because they're just lazy. this simple story with a couple of twists about mostly despicable characters manages to draw compassion out of the audience for its main players because of their loyalty and compassion for each other. the film is written, produced, and directed by laurence fishburne, who also stars as 20/20 mike (all hoodlums have nicknames), and is based on his play, `riff raff.' it feels like a play from beginning to end, especially during the longest scene where the three main players square off to decide who can be trusted. often times the dialog comes very fast, much faster than it would on stage, and i think it's the film's biggest flaw. mixed in as flashbacks throughout the film are poems from the street, a sort of iambic pentameter rap, that is violent and evocative of the world this movie discloses. the poetry makes it difficult to dismiss these men, these hoodlums who murder, cheat, and betray each other, as unworthy of our attention or below our contempt. the disturbing thing about this film is that its realism shows us not only how these people live, but how they suffer for the same reasons as us all. one is too stupid, another a junkie, and the last suffers from conscience while the audience wonders, or even laughs, at the irony of executioners demanding from him hanging in the gallows to tell jokes in the midst of his demise.

three scumbags get their just deserts after wasting their lives in greed, drugs, ego, and bad attitudes. interesting and well done; this style of film always makes me wonder where reality leaves off and imagination takes over. even though these folks were the scum of the earth i still found myself pitying them. they never really stood much of a chance.

i caught this movie on ifc and i enjoyed it, although i felt like the editing job was a little rough, though it may have been deliberate. i had a little bit of a hard time figuring out what was going on at first because they seemed to be going for a little bit of a pulp fiction-style non-linear plot presentation. it seemed a little forced, though. i certainly think that the movie is worth watching, but i think it could have used a little cleaning up. some scenes just don't seem to make sense after others. i'm surprised to see the rating here as low as it is. it's not outstanding, but it doesn't have any really serious problems. i gave it a 7/10. the movie did show at least that laurence fishburne can act when he wants to. they must have just told him not to in the matrix movies.

"once in the life" is a very good movie. however it's not good for everybody, due to the extensive use of vulgar language and the violence of some of the situations. the movie manages to represent in an anecdotic, believable way the "life" in nyc neighborhoods where drug problems are important. this depiction is in turn used as the decor for a most thoughtful and suspenseful drama backed up by powerful dialogs (however i had a hard time understanding some of them because english is not my mother tongue. on video it's ok). there is a little overplay sometimes, but i think it fits quite well to the general orientation fishburne gave to the movie, which gives matter for reflexion more than just being a good style exercise, notably in the time/action management. the characters, even though not simple, are easy to relate to and actors do a fine job at impersonating them. by the way i much enjoyed the soundtrack (b. marsalis). if you're not too prude, you should enjoy seeing that movie once, twice, three times. i rated the movie 9/10.

this is really a great unknown movie.perfect dialogue without the typical clichés.this movie relied on the actor's talent and it was pulled off.it even had a little bit a comedy in it,but it wasn't overdone.once in the life is what a crime drama is supposed to be,not the typical special affects garbage with sex thrown in.i especially loved the interracial aspects of it all.now onto the actors themselves. laurence fishburne was superb at playing a career petty criminal.it's a shame that he's only allowed to show his talent in his own movie. titus welliver was fabulous as fishburne's junky half-brother. eamonn walker added flavor to the already perfectly spiced film. paul calderon was perfect as a grease monkey/drug lord.i loved his acting since "king of new york". but the best acting in this film came from gregory hines and michael paul chan,who were paired perfectly as two of calderon's henchmen.once in the life is for sure a keeper. ****1/2* out of *****.

as an old white housewife i can still appreciate that laurence fishburne is one of our finest actors. anyone who appreciates his work like in deep cover might enjoy watching the incredible acting range of this actor. since i think this is his directorial debut it might prove even more interesting. all of the acting is quite good. if you can't take lower manhattan junky worlds or the reality of crime life (not glorified action shoot-em ups) then this is not a film you would enjoy. it is mr. fishburne's usual contribution to incredibly subtle relationships. i would love to see larry and anthony hopkins go at each other some day in a movie.

if you loved deep cover, you might like this film as well. many of the poetic interludes fishburne recites in deep cover are from the lyrical script of "once in the life," a screen adaptation of a play that fishburne wrote. if you love larry as much as i do, you'll love this film that is all larry, all hot, and all fleshed out. of course there is gun play and illicit substance use, this is a gangster movie of sorts, after all, but the script is beautiful and the story is touching, even a little on the chick flick side.amazing film...dark, frightening, sexy, and exciting. if you ever sneaked out at night or hung out in a clubhouse, you'll get the proper impact of the cramped sets (metephorically echoing being trapped in the life). full of clever foreshadowing and complex relationships, this film is tight..every sentiment mirrored in the set dressing and camera shots. good work!

in this sequel to the 1989 action-comedy classic k-9, detective dooley [james belushi] and his dog jerry lee return to fight crime, but this time they are teamed up with another detective [christine tucci] and her partner, a mean doberman named zues who does not get along with jerry lee very well. dooley does not get along with his new partner much either. that all changes as the movie goes along. the movie is intense as their is a guy that really wants to kill dooley for the way he treated him in the past. there is some dramatic scenes dealing with the death of dooley's wife that don't really seem to be with the tone of the movie because the rest of the movie is action sequences, dog poop jokes, fart jokes, and jokes about dogs biting bad guys in a certain area. i know that that seems like very low humor, but some of it is actually very funny. i didn't see this movie for the jokes, i saw it for two reasons. the first reason is because i am a big james belushi fan and the second is for the action sequences. james belushi is funnier than he was in k-9 and the action sequences at are better too. it would have been nice to see more characters from k-9 to return, but it's still a fun movie. if you are a james belushi fan, you'll love this movie.

this film to me is a very good film!!i have a german shepherd myself and i wish to god he was like jerry lee!! i hope too that there is another k-9 in the running!! with jerry lee and dooley in them!! i don't care what any one say these two films were excellent!!

***spoilers*** all too, in real life as well as in the movies, familiar story that happens to many young men who are put in a war zone with a gun, or rifle, in their hands. the case of young and innocent, in never handling or firing a gun, jimmy davis, franchot tone, has been repeated thousands of times over the centuries when men, like jimmy davis, are forced to take up arms for their country.jimmy who at first wanted to be kicked out of the us army but was encouraged to stay, by being belted in the mouth, by his good friend fred p. willis, spencer tracy, ended up on the front lines in france. with jimmy's unit pinned down by a german machine gun nest he single handedly put it out of commission picking off some half dozen german soldiers from the safety of a nearby church steeple. it was when jimmy gunned down the last surviving german, who raised his arms in surrender, that an artillery shell hit the steeple seriously wounding him.recovering from his wounds at an army hospital jimmy fell in love with us army volunteer nurse rose duffy, gladys george. rose was really in love with jimmy's good friend the happy go lucky fred despite his obnoxious antics towards her. it's when fred was lost during the fighting on the western front that rose, thinking that he was killed, fell in love and later married jimmy. when fred unexpectedly showed up in the french town where jimmy, now fully recovered from his wounds, was stationed at things got very sticky for both him and rose who had already accepted jimmy's proposal of marriage to her!with wwi over and jimmy marrying rose left fred, who's still in love with her, a bitter and resentful young man. it was almost by accident that fred ran into jimmy on the streets of new york city and discovered to his shock and surprise that he completely changed from the meek and non-violent person that he knew before he was sent to war on the european western front. smug and sure of himself, and his ability to shoot a gun, jimmy had become a top mobster in new york city's underworld! not only that but as fred later found out his wife rose had no idea what jimmy was really involved in with jimmy telling her that he works as a law abiding and inoffensive insurance adjuster.jimmy's life of crime came full circle when rose, after she found out about his secret life, ratted him out to the police to prevent him from executing a "valentine day" like massacre, with his gang members dressed as cops, of his rival mobsters. while on trial jimmy came to his senses and admitted his guilt willing to face the music and then, after his three year sentence is up, get his life back together. ***spoiler alert*** hearing rumors from fellow convicts that rose and his best friend fred were having an affair behind his back jimmy broke out of prison ending up a fugitive from the law. it's at fred's circus, where he works as both manger and barker, that jimmy in seeing that rose as well as fred were true to him that he, like at his trial, had a sudden change of heart. but the thought of going back to prison, with at least another ten years added on to his sentence, was just too much for jimmy! it was then that jimmy decided to end it all by letting the police who by then tracked him down do the job, that he himself didn't have the heart to do, for him!

well, this is probably one of the best movies i've seen and i love it so much that i've memorized most of the script (especially the scene in the storage unit when jerry lee breaks wind) and even with the script in my head i still like to watch it for jerry lee, that german shepherd is hysterical and really is put to the test to see who's smarter. the tag line holds true as well. not to mention the acting is great, though christine tucci sounds different in a whisper (check filmography under csi if you don't know what i mean). it's too bad that this movie only contained the single issue dooley and jerry lee had to work with, it would have been pretty cool to see the tricks that zeus and welles had up their sleeve.

arrrrrggghhhhhh, some people take life far too seriously!!! watch this film for what it is, sit back, relax and have a giggle. the film does not take itself seriously, so neither should we. if you like james belushi, you will like this film. if he is not your cup of tea - give it a miss.i like james belushi, so i liked this film. so simple isn't it?? :-)

i thought it was a very funny movie. i love dog movies and comedy movies so combined they were twice as good. k-9, k-911, and k-9 pi are my favorite movies. jim belushi is hysterical and jerry lee is hilarious and adorable they make a great team. the only downside is that i really didn't understand how dooley's wife died. she died before this movie but how? if they said it i must have missed it. other than that i give it two thumbs/tails up! those dogs (jerry lee and zeus) must have had a lot of training. they were so funny and all the noises jerry lee would make when dooley was talking to him was so funny. my favorite was when jerry lee sang and when he would bite peoples privates to get information very very funny lol

when my 14-year-old daughter and her friends get together for movie night, there's one movie they insist on watching over and over again: you guessed it, k-911, the third installment in the highly successful k-9 franchise starring everybody's favorite tv dad, jim belushi.folks, i knew it was possible to wear out a vhs tape, but a dvd?! this has been played so often that it's starting to skip; no joke! but of course you'll have that when you own a film so charming, so brilliant.of course, we have to thank the one and only tom hanks for introducing us to the beloved cop-dog genre with turner and hooch; however, even that film doesn't measure up to the sheer excellence presented in all three k-9 movies.some nay-sayers say belushi ran out of steam with this third movie in the series. poppycock, i say. while you might suspect that a third installment - direct-to-video, at that - may not seem like something worth watching, you'd prove yourself wrong after watching this quality movie.i won't give away the plot, but i will say that belushi and his panting partner give their best performance yet - one that will have you howling with laughter! it's a shame john belushi isn't alive to see what great strides his brother has made in the acting world.i highly recommend your teenage daughter introduces this film to her bffs at her next slumber party. don't forget the puppy chow!

ten years after the first movie, james belushi, one of the most gifted, and over looked light comedic actors of the last twenty years, returns as detective dooley for this movie.if you are expecting more of the same from the first movie, you will be disappointed, but this is still a good movie. realizing that all the dog vs. man battle of wills scenarios had probably been used up in the first movie, this one turns slightly more psychological in its approach as it concentrates on a criminal with a fixation with dooley's recently deceased wife after she rejected his book, and blames dooley for her death.the script may not be the best, but the movie allows both belushi and christine tucci to show their good acting ability, while still retaining enough of the light humour of the first movie to make it work, and the chemistry between the two stars is there for all to see.an easy, light going movie, which, while maybe not worth a purchase unless you are a true fan of either the first movie or belushi, definately worth a watch when it comes on tv.

sandwiched in between san francisco and captains courageous two of spencer tracy's greatest parts is this very curious film about war and the effects it has on some people. they gave him a gun stars spencer tracy and franchot tone in the only film they ever made together and gladys george as the woman who loves them both.tracy and tone are a couple of world war i draftees, tone is a weak character who almost goes over the hill in boot camp, but tracy stops him. tracy is still playing the lovable blowhard, younger wallace beery type that mgm envisioned for him when they signed him away from fox. over at the front tone gets an opportunity and takes it when during a fight he manages to get to a church tower that peers down on a german machine gun nest. he's learned to shoot by now and he does a sergeant york. but alvin c. york was never changed by the war the way tone has.wounded in the fight tone convalesces at a hospital with gladys george looking out for him. tracy goes awol himself to visit his pal and he and george get something going. later on when tracy is reported missing in action, tone and george marry. tracy's brokenhearted when he comes back and learns of the marriage, but takes sit in stride. the rest of the film is dealing with tone applying the the wartime skills he's learned to the gangster trade. he's a hit-man now and george doesn't really know what he does for a living. i think you can figure the rest out.the part of the film that gave me some trouble is that i can't believe gladys george couldn't figure it out. she's a street smart girl, her part is very much like the one she played in the roaring twenties opposite james cagney.speaking of the roaring twenties, humphrey bogart's character development there is similar to tone's although he was not the central character of the movie. in fact there are elements of they gave him a gun that are to be found in taxi driver and in clint eastwood's classic, the unforgiven. the world war i battle sequences are very well staged by director woody van dyke. for some reason leonard maltin panned this film, i think it's a lot better than he gave it credit.

i'm writing this 9 years after the final episode was aired and i am still reeling from the impact wildside has had on me.it has effectively gone where numerous other cop dramas have gone and succeeded. but it took it further and didn't stray from the realism of the streets, often portraying life events and characters down to a t.i am sorely missing this series, instead we have are given the stupid "underbelly" which is over dramatised and acted creating a whole load of american-esquire garbage.wildside stayed true to the uniqueness of sydney and for that i am truly indebted to this wonderful series. the acting was a-grade and it's a shame to see only a few actors have furthered their career whilst others have faded into obscurity.i don't want australia to forget this wonderful piece of their television history, thus i ask the abc to release the complete series on dvd, not the first three. give this series the ending it deserves.

in the ten years since wildside aired, nothing has really come close to its quality in local production. this includes the two series of the enjoyable but overrated underbelly, which have brought to life events in the recent criminal history of both sydney and melbourne. the miniseries blue murder (which also starred tony martin, but as someone on the other side of the law) may be the exception.wildside is currently being repeated late at night on the abc. having not watched the show in quite a while, i'm still impressed by its uncompromising story lines and very human characters. the cast is excellent: tony martin as a detective haunted by the disappearance of his son, rachael blake (who later hooked up with martin in real life) as a community worker struggling with alcoholism, and alex dimitriades as a young cop whose vice is gambling. equally good support roles are provided by aaron pederson, jessica napier, mary coustas (yes, effie herself), and a young abbie cornish.the abc inexplicably released only the first three episodes on dvd a couple of years ago. the logic of this sort of marketing is beyond me, but i'm guessing it may have something to do with licensing disagreements with the original producers.a great series which has aged remarkably well. here's hoping the abc's dvd department gets its act together.(according to a moderator on an abc message board, some sort of further dvd release is due in december 2009)

this is widely viewed in australia as one of the best cop dramas ever produced here ... and for my money, anywhere. it's raw, gritty, the characters are real, the situations are believable and it doesn't shy away from the darker side of life confronted every day by cops and the criminals, victims, lawyers and other people in their various orbits.this show ran for 2 seasons and was discontinued because the show didn't sell well overseas. we are all sorry for its loss: however, like fawlty towers, we will be able to revere this as a limited-length series of uniformly high quality.

this was a strong poirot/suchet, television mystery selection. the characters were vivid and well-acted. the plot and the main setting--a student hostel-- were excellent. japp was nothing special but for me did not distract from story. one significant point, many poirot watchers don't recognize good acting or good characterization. i also think they are rather harsh in their judgments of some of the poirot mysteries. finally, i have read few christie novels--none in recent years-- and find it annoying that so many viewers are upset about changes from the novel. please, viewers, consider what is presented to you on film, not what you think should be there. that said, the poirot mysteries vary in quality, but not as much as reviewers and raters would have you believe. with the singular exception of the five little pigs which was fabulous in plot, character and theme, the longer poirot films are neither that good or that bad. for the record, i have seen all the longer poirot/suchet films. finally, films without lemon, hastings, and/or japp are neither good nor bad because of their absence. there presence, however, is either obtrusive (almost always with japp) or irrelevant with hastings. lemon is in the middle.

hickory dickory dock was a good poirot mystery. i confess i have not read the book, despite being an avid agatha christie fan. the adaptation isn't without its problems, there were times when the humour, and there were valiant attempts to get it right, was a little overdone, and the events leading up to the final solution were rather rushed. i also thought there were some slow moments so some of the mystery felt padded. however, i loved how hickory dickory dock was filmed, it had a very similar visual style to the brilliant abc murders, and it really set the atmosphere, what with the dark camera work and dark lighting. the darker moments were somewhat creepy, this was helped by one of the most haunting music scores in a poirot adaptation, maybe not as disturbing as the one in one two buckle my shoe, which gave me nightmares. the plot is complex, with all the essential ingredients, though not as convoluted as buckle my shoe,and in some way that is a good thing. the acting was very good, david suchet is impeccable(i know i can't use this word forever but i can't think of a better word to describe his performance in the series) as poirot, and phillip jackson and pauline moran do justice to their integral characters brilliantly. and the students had great personalities and well developed on the whole, particularly damian lewis as leonard. all in all, solid mystery but doesn't rank along the best. 7.5/10 bethany cox

a series of random, seemingly insignificant thefts at her sister's boarding house has miss lemon quite agitated. a ring, light bulbs, a rucksack, a lighter, a stethoscope, a shoe – there seems to be no rhyme or reason to any of it. miss lemon asks her employer, the great belgian detective hercule poirot, to look into the matter. but what poirot sees is something far more sinister than miss lemon could have imagined. and poirot's fears are confirmed when one of the students living in the boarding house if found murdered. it's up to poirot to bring a killer to justice.hickory dickory dock is a solid, but not spectacular, entry in the long running poirot series. i appreciate how faithful the script is to agatha christie's original story. i realize that certain liberties had to be taken, but i appreciate the effort nonetheless. the major points of the mystery are all there – the petty thefts, the boarding house, the students, the ripped rucksack, and, of course, poirot's ability to see something sinister going on before it actually happens. with a few exceptions, the cast of students is almost as i pictured them. damian lewis and jessica lloyd standout among the group. as mush as i always enjoy david suchet's poirot, i get a real kick out of the episodes with phillip jackson's inspector japp and pauline moran's miss lemon. this episode is a real treat as miss lemon gets more screen time than usual. finally, i enjoyed the use of the ever present mouse as an observer of the activities in the hostel. it's a fun little play on the hickory dickory dock title.i realized while re-watching hickory dickory dock just what a tremendous influence agatha christie's work was on the highly stylized italian mystery films, or gialli, of the 60s and 70s. take the murder of mrs. nicoletis as an example. if you were to bump up the graphic nature of the scene, you would have something straight out of an early 70s giallo. in fact, the entire plot of hickory dickory dock could have been used in a giallo. it's just convoluted and interesting enough to have worked.

this story was never among my favourites in christie's works so i was pleasantly surprised to quite enjoy this adaptation. the mouse motif was effective if a little overdone, the bones of the story are there although more emphasis is placed on the 'crime in the past' subplot. the students were all pretty much as i imagined them although its a pity they weren't a more cosmopolitan bunch - perhaps the revised thirties setting didn't allow for that! i thought some very daring risks were taken with the filming; perhaps its because i've not long re-read the book but it seemed pretty obvious to me who the murderer was from their appearance in some reveal shots quite early on.humour was much more prevalent in these early poirots. sometimes it works but i found a lot of it rather heavy handed in this episode (though i did smile at the 'lemon sole' throwaway line). altogether though, a solid entry in the series though not one of the best.

it all begins with a series of thefts of seemingly unrelated objects in a hostel for students on hickory road, london. concerned for her sister, who is the housekeeper there, miss lemon asks hercule poirot to look into the matter. he agrees, but soon the stakes get higher when a girl, who had admitted that she was responsible for most (not all) of the thefts, is found murdered."hickory dickory dock" is a solid brain exercise, without being as mind-numbingly complicated as "one, two, buckle my shoe". murder, theft and diamond smuggling are the crimes involved, and the final twist that ties everything together is revealed only in the last 2 minutes! the characters are interesting, particularly the psychology student colin mcnabb and the mysterious american girl sally finch, inspector japp has his funny moments (in perhaps the closest this series has come to "toilet humor"), and miss lemon gets a more integral part to the story than usual. (***)

though the story is essentially routine, and the "surprise" ending is nothing but a bad joke on the audience, you can see what attracted these good actors to the project - it offers them the kind of roles in which good actors can shine, and shine they do. the film is impeccably made - for its time. it was remade in 2000 as "under suspicion" and if you only want to see one version of the story (that's all it deserves, really), i recommend the latter one, with hopkins' up-to-date direction and the more explicit references to plot points that the original could only hint at. the ending, however, still blows. (**1/2)

garde à vue has to be seen a number of times in order to understand the sub-plots it contains. if you're not used to french wordy films, based upon conversation and battle of wits rather than on action, don't even try to watch it. you'll only obtain boredom to death, and reassured opinion that french movies are not for you.garde à vue is a wordy film, essentially based upon dialogs (written by audiard by the way)and it cruelly cuts the veil of appearances.why does maître martineau (serrault) prefer to be unduly accused of being a child murderer rather than telling the truth ? because at the time of the murder he was with a 18 years old girl with which he has a 8-years sexual relation. his wife knows it, she's jealous of it and he prefers to be executed (in 1980 in france, there was still death penalty)rather than unveiling the sole "pure and innocent" aspect of his pitiful life.

what keeps us going - or at least what i feel the writer wanted us to keep us glued at an early point is our desire to know whether martinaud has done the dirty deed. without spoiling so much, of course there is a red herring and a twist. but then we discover that this is the story of martinaud's imperfections and his difficulty in coping. when there is the revelation - we begin to sympathize and pity him because as the story progresses we are made to think he is the sick, perverted pedophiliac that we're predisposed to have in mind. one of those things he has to cope with is the distant gap he and his wife have even though they live on the same roof. these problems of course are given their denouement in the film's shocking finale.this movie demands your patience and it has certainly tried those of restless teenagers sitting at the rear. they were heckling obviously because they aren't partial to "central location" films. although there is a bit of travelling, when we get to the woods and the beach. and we realize that gallien isn't as clever as we are made to think he is.the inquisitor is 5/5

police, investigations, murder, suspicion: we are all so acquainted with them in movies galore. most of the films nowadays deal with crime which is believed to involve viewers, to provide them with a thrilling atmosphere. however, most of thrill lovers will rather concentrate on latest movies of that sort forgetting about older ones. yet, it occurs that these people may easily be misled. a film entirely based on suspicion may be very interesting now despite being more than 20 years old...it is garde a vue, a unique movie by claude miller.is there much of the action? not really since the events presented in the movie take place in a considerably short time. but the way they are executed is the movie's great plus. jerome charles martinaud (michel serrault) is being investigated by inspector gallien (lino ventura) and insector belmont (guy marchand). it's a new year's eve, a rainy evening and not very accurate for such a meeting. yet, after the rape and murder of two children, at the dawn of the old year, the door of suspicion must be open at last. in other words, (more quoted from the movie), it must be revealed who an evil wolf really is. to achieve this, one needs lots of effort and also lots of emotions from both parties...some people criticize the script for being too wordy. yet, i would ask them: what should an investigation be like if not many questions and, practically, much talk. this wordiness touches the very roots of the genre. in no way is this boring but throughout the entire film, it makes you, as a viewer, as an observer, involved. moreover, the film contains well made flashbacks as the stories are being told. not too much and not too little of them - just enough to make the whole story clearer and more interesting. the most memorable flashbacks, for me, are when chantal (romy schneider), martinaud's wife, talks about one lovely christmas... but these flashbacks also contain the views of the places, including the infamous beach. it all wonderfully helped me keep the right pace. and since i saw garde a vue, i always mention this film as one of the "defenders" of french cinema against accusations of mess and chaos. but those already mentioned aspects may not necessarily appeal to many viewers since they might not like such movies and still won't find the content and its execution satisfactory. yet, garde a vue is worth seeing also for such people. why? for the sake of performances. but here don't expect me to praise foremost romy schneider. garde a vue is not romy schneider vehicle. she does a terrific job as a mother who is deeply in despair for a lost child. she credibly portrays a person who is calm, concrete, who does not refuse an offered cup of tea but who does not want to play with words. her part which includes a profound talk of life and duty is brilliant, more credible than the overly melancholic role of elsa in la passante de sans souci. it is still acted. however, romy schneider does not have much time on screen. practically, she appears for the first time after 45 minutes from the credits; she, as a wife and a different viewpoint, comes symbolically with the new year, at midnight. her role is a purely supporting one. who really rocks is lino ventura. he is the middle aged inspector antoine gallien who wants to find out the truth, who is aware that his questions are "missiles" towards the other interlocutor but does not hesitate. he is an inspector who, having been married three times, is perfectly acknowledged of women's psyche. he is the one who does not regard his job as a game to play but a real service. finally, he is a person who does not find it abnormal to sit there on new year's eve. michel serrault also does a fine job expressing fear, particularly in the final scenes of the movie. but thumbs up for mr ventura. brilliant!as far as memorable moments are concerned, this is not the sort of film in which this aspect is easily analyzed. the entire film is memorable, has to be seen more than once and has to be felt with its atmosphere and, which i have not mentioned before, gorgeous music. for me, the talk of chantal and inspector gallien is the most brilliant flawless moment. you are there with the two characters, you experience their states of mind if you go deeper into what you see.garde a vue is a very interesting film, a must see for thrill lovers and connoisseurs of artistic performances. new year has turned and...is it now easier to open the door? you'll find out when you decide to see the memorably directed movie by claude miller. 8/10

nothing revolutionary here; just impeccably elegant, restrained cinema.garde a vue is confined almost exclusively to a drab police station, and mostly to one interrogation room, but director claude miller (who made the wonderful film this sweet sickness, among others) intercalates spare glimpses of exterior tableaux as minimalist locale scenography. miller's restraint, especially early on, is breathtaking, and his exquisite handling of the consequently-pivotal interior mise-en-scene makes for captivating viewing.lino ventura is superb as usual, succeeding to legitimize a character that, on paper, is cliche: the laconic, hard-nosed, world-weary homicide detective. ventura lives the role, making it completely believable, even though the script allows us little access to his inner workings; the film ends at the very moment it appears he will be forced to confront his failure for the first time.michel serrault is equal to the task as the suspected child-killer who shrewdly spars with the single-minded flic. the exchanges between the two are more-often-than-not pregnant with tension and the aura of a constantly metamorphosing playing field for a battle of wits. serrault's character is by turns deplorably haughty and cunning, and pitiable; then later....the "message" of garde a vue, if one were to search for one, is a condemnation of police methodology and the kind of pressures that make a cop over-zealous to, if necessary, close cases at the expense of justice. for most of its length though the film shines as nothing more than an exemplar of how to turn a potentially soporific set-bound scenario into a suspenseful drama of the utmost cinematic economy.

there are other reviews here so i don't need to say how great it is or what it's about...my point is: i heard about this movie ages ago, before it was shown. i can't even remember how, i just know it was through the internet. the distributors went under before it ever hit! for months i moped and complained. please note that on this page there's a link to buy this film and the only highlighted area is vhs at amazon.com in germany. you can use alta vista's babelfish to translate. i know it's pal format and they did change the text on the screen to german and there's a tiny little bit of narration at the beginning that's also been dubbed in german, but as hilarious and campy as this film is, it really only makes it funnier! if you want to see this movie and you have a place nearby that does conversions it's so worth it! it cost about twenty dollars or so to get to the u.s. from germany. trust me, it might seem like a lot to spend on a film, but if you're into corny b-flicks you'll be blowing money left and right getting conversions for your friends!

we fans of ed wood tend to be an obsessive bunch in the first place, but this movie in particular has driven me to a level of fan-dom that i have never before approached! one of the most intense thrills of non-mainstream movie adulation - at least as far as i am concerned - is the pleasure of unearthing the obscure. i remember how, as a teenager, i longed to see eddie's "revenge of the dead" (a.k.a. "night of the ghouls"), which at that time had been vaulted for a couple of decades. likewise such arcane masterpieces of low budget filmmaking as doris wishman's "a night to dismember" or half the works of jesus franco! however, recent years have seen video and dvd rendering these once unfindable treasures almost too accessible - even for those of us on the 'wrong' (!) side of the atlantic....and then, behold, there was "i woke up early the day i died" - a movie that should have been so 'big', yet which disappeared into the ether even before fangoria printed the first fairly lengthy article on it that first whetted my appetite. the 1990s needed a hard-to-find movie though which would really be worth hunting out: and this, to be sure is it.... i don't especially wish to add too much of a commentary on all those marvellous aspects of the film - its classy-yet-kitsch cast, its haunting yet often hallucinogenic visuals, its wondrous moments of "pure cinema" (in the sense of the 1920s french cineastes) and surrealism, or even its resoundingly memorable soundtrack - since this has all been described most eloquently by other users here.what i do wish to mention, briefly, is the pleasure that i have received also from hunting down certain obscure artefacts relating to this almost-lost-to-us-but-thankfully-not-quite movie! i think the german video, which i picked up while in cologne on a cold crisp winter's day, is fairly well-known to ed wood's followers now. it is also quite common knowledge that a promotional poster for the film was released. however, there is thankfully more to be found!!! firstly, there are a number of reviews available from the film's german theatrical release - i have used several of these in my translation classes in an attempt to "woodify" my students..... some of these reviews are positive eulogies to the film's artistry and entertainment value - and most interesting of all is that most critics placed it squarely within both the american trash and european arthouse traditions. secondly, there is the score by larry groupe', which can be acquired from the man himself - many of the tracks exert a truly emotional pull on the listener, particularly if you are contemplating the film's currently "vaulted" status and growing a little melancholy at the same time. finally - for now - i wish to mention the promo soundtrack that cinequanon put out in extremely limited numbers. beg, borrow, steal, kill or do whatever it takes if you get the chance to acquire one of these!!!!!! it features 14 tracks from the film, including eartha kitt's ballad, the late darcy clay's "jesus i was evil" (two versions of which are also available on cd from new zealand, although that is another story again!), the cool radio music to which christina ricci dances, and also those amazing techno drops by minty and zhv (the latter being billy z's very own techno band).....become obsessed - let ed wood rule your life.

this 1998 film was based on a script by the late edward d. wood, a script that featured no dialogue in the tradition of films such as the thief. while much of wood's work was quirky low-budget entries into various genre-film traditions, his first released feature glen or glenda was a truly visionary attempt to express the inexpressible through primitive avant-garde techniques. i woke up early the day i died represents that side of ed wood, the experimenter, although this film is a comedy (a nightmarish comedy, however!), while the cross-dressing theme of glen or glenda was taken so seriously by wood that there was not room for comedy there. from the first few seconds of this film i knew that i was being taken to a new cinematic world, and i can't really compare that world with anything else. the technical side of the film--production design, sound design, music scoring, photography, etc.--is groundbreaking on any number of levels. in particular, although the film has no "dialogue" there is sound of all kinds and also "language", but you'll have to see how it's done yourself, as the cleverness and surprise of the methods provides a level of excitement throughout. the glen or glenda-esque technique of juxtaposing stock footage for surreal effects works well in the film and is kept to a minimum. the whole film is played at a hysterical fever-pitch, and billy zane provides an amazing tour-de-force performance that shows what a brilliant physical comedian and actor he is. in a just world, he would have been given some award for this performance. he even looks like ed wood, and as played by zane this character is at various timesfunny, sleazy, tragic, sympathetic, and anonymous(sometimes simultaneously!!!). what a shame that this film was caught up in legal troubles and never received a north american theatrical or video release, only playing a few festivals. right now, it's only available on video in germany (in fact, my copy is from a german source--the excerpts from wood's screenplay that are shown on the screen from time to time are translated into german, although the newspaper headlines (that great low-budget technique of giving plot elements, especially those that would be too expensive to film, via newspaper headlines is used here in the wood tradition)that zane sees are in english). i think that this film could have gotten a word-of-mouth following had it been played at midnight in some large cities with some careful promotion. and if played off city by city slowing on the art-film circuit, it could have done well. in fact, if the legal issues can be resolved, i'd like to suggest that the film should still be given a theatrical release, especially a midnight "cult" release. this is a classic waiting to be discovered.did i "understand" every scene? no, but i "felt" every scene emotionally. did everything "work" in the film? perhaps not. i've only seen it twice, and the first time i saw it i was interruped a number of times. however, with all the assembly-line junk playing the multiplexes and with so much "alternative" film being fetishistic or pretentious shot-on-video film-school rejects, we need actual hollywood-made experimentation like this. the recent bob dylan film "masked and anonymous" took similar chances as did something like steven soderbergh's full frontal. this film could find an audience much larger than either of those. if you are reading this review a few years from now and the idea of this film sounds intriguing, see if it has ever been released on video. you will not be bored. invite some friends over...make it a party. play the amazing soundtrack loud. i have a feeling that, wherever he is in the afterlife, ed wood is happy with this film and feels as though his unique vision has been justified and validated somewhat by the making of this film. wood's probably also laughing that, just like he always seemed to get the bad breaks in life, the film made in tribute to him after his death is held up in lawsuits and sits unreleased in the country of its making.

ok, so i know of this movie because of a friend of mine's in it and i actually visited the set when they were filming, so from a personal stand-point, i was intrigued to finally view this obscure little gem. if you dig at all on info regarding this movie, you'll find it's mired in legal troubles (even over 7 years after being filmed) so, if you are at all like me -- then you'll do whatever it takes to obtain a copy. my source? ebay. about $15 but i felt ripped because when i got it today in the mail, it was a very rough, grainy copy of a "screener only" release, complete with annoying top mini time-code but alas, i could still enjoy it but not as much as if i had a proper copy, something i suggest you obtain if you want the full impact this film may or may not have on you. from what i have gleaned, it's been released on dvd in germany & now spain. with that, good luck & happy searching/bidding...;). the score/sndtrk is worth it alone. very eclectic and varied (somethinbg rare these days imho in film) -- i think that will be my next sndtrk/score to locate, but i digress... now, onto the review. the film opens as billy zane's character is injecting a nurse in the mental ward he is apparently locked up in. he steals her clothes (even shoes) and quickly moves into a series of holding up a bank/loan shop but after escaping with the loot, well, i guess this is where the "plot" begins -- he inadvertently looses it. after perpetrating several campy over-the-top crimes & dalliances to various a to c-list celebs to locate the money, he finds himself somehow in a cemetery where a funeral -- i think for the dead guy he shoots in the loan office/bank, and -- even with 1950's police cars and cops looking all over for him steadily throughout -- he never gets seen or nabbed. (he sees daily newspapers reporting his "crimes") this i liked, because it gave the thin plot an extension. after all, it's a movie (see: fiction) & director iris iliopulos does what i think is everything possible to 1) bring wood's vision to fruition and 2) give it an updated feel, yet have shots of authentic 50's police cars intertwined with, ahh, local l.a..99$ stores -- so well hence my 9 rating. if the period and props were authentic -- i would have given it a 10. now it wraps it self up kinda weird and i won't spoil it for anyone but let's just say the final ending is somewhat disappointing for it, to me, it had promise, action and comedy -- all up till the end, so...with all that said --locate a copy at your own discretion.just realize that, as there is no dialouge (except for some narration and singing) this may be up your alley -- maybe not-- but i definitely think it's worth a watch. the actors all do fine performances and it's only the inconsistency in proper period pieces that really made me long for just that correction -- then i would say by all means check this film out for it's not like anything these studios put out these days (or will in the future, too) i am sure.

i am not a huge fan of camp kitsch and the "so bad it's good" type of viewing. however, i really like this film for its fun factor and - believe it or not - it's innovation.the whole thing has a ring of john waters and is boundlessly enthusiastic, but with some superb actors and considered direction making the most of the slapstick and styalised movements. billy zane moves with incredible expression (see the scene on the bus for a text-book lesson in how to use movement) and is framed by some unexpected stars.you may not like this film, you may not enjoy it, but if you get the chance to watch it, then spare the time because chances are you will end the film with a confused smile on your face, and a new perspective on the sense of humour of some big stars. highly reccomended.

i've been disappointed, if not surprised, at the lack of appreciation this film has received. once again, billy zane proves he's more than just a hollywood pretty boy in a silent performance that combines spastic slapstick with understated pathos. calling this a silent film is inaccurate, as there's a lot of music and sound. it has a manic pace and is full of the goofy inventiveness that ed wood is finally beginning to be appreciated for. look at the cast listing, and realize that everyone shines. no one is there just to show their face. i believe they're all in the movie to show their appreciation of wood, and to do a broad, physical kind of acting not seen much these days.but, today, reviewers try to guess what's going to become a hit much more than they show any kind of esthetic appreciation for a movie. and iwuetdid has no discernable target audience. it was made mostly out of love for wood's script. even after his death, the trendy social parasites have dealt him another serious blow, and deprived the world of a minor classic. this is a highly entertaining and a genuinely experimental film that really deserves to live, at least on dvd.

this is a script that ed wood worked over 10 years on trying to get made. aris iliopulos finally got the chutzpah to film a script that wood saved from his burning home at the expense of other, more transitory valuables.this is a dialogue-free movie, that some may foolishly describe as silent. in fact, it is a quite noisy film, without the inane chatter of most flicks. in the hands of these filmmakers, the music and sound effects provide a rich audio experience that works better than almost any grist from the hollywood script mill, particularly that stupid boat movie billy zane last was in ('watch out!', 'oh no!' - j. cameron.... ick...) i'll take zane's wonderfully communicative monosyllabic grunts in this film over empty dialogue any day.billy zane heads a team of players who obviously really wanted to be in this film. ricci is radiant as always, and the gods are shining when you can put sandra bernhard, rick(y) schroeder, eartha kitt and andrew mccarthy's name on the same poster.the design is perfect, the pyramid set exquisite, and ron perlman's beastly performance is simply wonderful. overall, this is a chaotic, visceral masterpiece lovingly crafted by fans of ed wood jr., auteur and cinenephile. a must see for anyone who really loves movies the way that the first rate iliopulos and his cast obviously do. a film to make you wish you had made it yourself.

i saw this film at the international film festival of brussels. i also met the director of the film. i heard that ed wood wrote the story in 10 years! i'm sure he thought his would be his masterpiece - his triumph.well, if you take the film seriously (like mr. wood did) it is really one of the worst films you will ever see. and this is cool. the big joke of i woke up early the day i died is that it doesn't even try to be a decent film.this makes the film very, very good. the script is filled with nihilism and anarchism - a lot of black humour. billy zane's role is absolutely excellent. you see, this is either high art...or low rubbish.****/*****

cor blimey. this film really surprised me as it is a comedy masterpiece. billy zane is stunning as the central character, and everyone manages to play it straight enough for the comedy to be natural and easy.the soundtrack is really good, and the set pieces are a joy to behold. i recommend that you watch this film with a bunch of mates, a few bottles of your liquor of choice, and prepare to be astonished and highly entertained.this carries on so perfectly from kitsch masterpieces like plan 9 from outer space that it is in the true "b" movie tradition. but what makes it more than that is the caliber of the people who took part in the film. ron pearlman for example. i still find my self giggling at the scene where zane prances down a set of steps for no apparent reason in an almost ballet style. all a bit mad, and all the better for it.

last year we were treated to two movies about truman capote writing the book from which this film was made - capote and infamous.i cannot imagine a movie like this being made in 1967. a stark, powerful and chillingly brutal drama; elevated to the status of a film classic by the masterful direction of richard brooks (elmer gantry, cat on a hot tin roof, the professional, blackboard jungle).it is interesting that robert blake, who starred in this film, has had so many problems of late that may be related to his portrayal of a killer in this film.this is a film that stays with you after viewing.

i saw this film after watching capote and infamous. it is just incredible how the homosexual relationships between author and protagonists are sublimated in the movie. the reporter is straight, the protagonists are more beatniks than gay.the film starts slowly, but on reviewing it a second time, we get all sorts of interesting information from similes that the writer/director brooks creates.notice the incredible cutting at the beginning where killers and to-be-killed are linked. cutter on the phone is matched-cut to perry on the phone. cutter washing his face is matched-cut to perry washing his face. only perry's looking in the mirror and seeing his eroticized male body sets off a fantasy of his playing a guitar in las vegas to empty chairs. this failure/fantasy matches the failure-fantasy that perry tells us about his father who built a beautiful motel in alaska only to find it perpetually empty.dick talks about shooting pheasants and the fact that the pheasants don't know that that they're going to die. we cut to the clutters.perry talks his dream about a yellow bird, "taller than jesus" who attacks the nuns who have persecuted them. "the nuns begged for mercy," he tells us, "but the bird slaughtered them anyway." the bird lifted perry to paradise. strangely, perry says that he has an aversion to nuns, god and religion. this echoes later in his last words when he wants to apologize but does not know to whom.the director puts in all sorts of what-ifs and only-ifs.nancy cutter gets an offer to sleep at a friends house. she is holding a horse. perry will comment on a picture of her and the house later on. nancy can't sleep over at her friends' house because her boyfriend is coming over for dinner. the decision seals her fate.perry talks of bogart in "treasure of sierra madre". but it is another bogart picture, "beat the devil" which truman capote co-wrote, where a fictional treasure hunt is the mcguffin. but dick knows that the protagonists of that film ended up with nothing. dick wants the hard cash, the $10,000 he thinks is in the clutter's safe, (which ironically turns out to be as much as a fantasy as perry's mexican treasure.cut to herb clutter signing a $40,000 life insurance policy. he's thinking about mortality at the moment. ironically his mortality is about to end in a few hours. the insurance agent on behalf of the company wishes him a long life, again ironic when we know what will happen in a few hours.dick has said that they wanted no witnesses so nobody would remember them. later, in fact, it is because they eliminated all the witnesses that they were remembered."there was one witness," the detective keeps telling dick later. but was that witness the jail-house friend, dick, perry, truman capote, or god? the viewer becomes the witness after watching the movie.fascinating film.

in cold blood has to be ranked as first-rate movie-making, even if the subject matter is about as grim as it gets in the world of make-believe, but film noir fans should definitely find this one a gripping piece of work, based as it is on a true-life crime spree.it opens with quincy jones' music under the credits and starkly dramatic views of a highway bus heading toward kansas city, effectively setting the mood of the film even before the credits end. the b&w photography of conrad hall does a superb job right from the start.also clear from the start: robert blake and scott wilson are natural born actors. they do a great job of portraying free spirited buddies looking for the next thrill. "ever see a millionaire fry in the electric hair? hell no. there are two kinds of rules in this world. one for the rich and one for the poor," says wilson, taking a swig of alcohol behind the wheel.both are destined to cross the path of a farm family, showing no mercy and leaving no witnesses behind.blake, reminiscing about movies, and thinking of hunting for gold in mexico, says: "remember bogart in 'treasure of the sierra madre'?" (an ironic moment, because blake himself was in the film as a little boy selling lottery tickets). "i got you pegged for a natural born killer," wilson tells blake.john forsythe is one of the lead detectives on the case, discovering that all four family members were tied up, shot in the head and one had his throat cut. "don't people around here lock doors?" asks paul stewart. "they will tonight," is the terse reply.after the murders, the killers discover that there was "no big fat safe in the wall", like their prison informant told them. so, in the end, it was truly a stupid, senseless crime. the question is: why did they do it? and this is something the second half of the film explores in depth. it takes an hour and a half into the movie before the detectives catch up with the killers and begin the interrogation.it's these final scenes that carry the most conviction and the most interest as the boys are told they've made numerous mistakes and left a living witness. the actual events up to and including the murder are saved until the end. "it makes no sense," blake tells forsythe. "mr. cutter was a very nice gentleman. i thought so right up until the time i cut his throat." the screenplay by richard brooks is concise and to the point--and so is his direction.summing up: brilliant depiction of two aimless young men on a crime spree that made no sense then or now for a mere $43. chilling.

the real story (took place in kansas in 1959) of a murder (perry and dick, two ex-convicts who broke into a remote house on a rainy night to steal and kill everyone they met). richard brooks directed the chilling and disturbing capote's book about the reasons that drove these kids to the crime (are they natural born killers ?). the crime scenes are very brutal and haunting because of the lack of senses and reasons for what we witnessed. stunning black & white cinematography from conrand hall, excellent country - road music score from quincy jones, amazing performances in two principal roles from robert blake and scott wilson and first time in a movie a sad comment about capital punishment at the last moments before their deaths. jones, hall and brooks (as director and as writer for adapted screenplay) are academy award nominees. gripping, superbly directed and frightening, one of the best films of this decade

this recreation of the infamous 1959 murders in kansas, based on the capote book, is starkly filmed by brooks and cinematographer hall in black and white, giving it a documentary feel. there are good performances from blake and wilson as the killers and forsythe as a cop who pursues them. the scenes leading up to the murders, filmed at the actual house where the crime occurred, with a soundtrack of whistling winds, are quite intense and chilling. brooks directs with a lot of verve and uses several interesting transitions between scenes. the only complaint is that it is a bit overlong, with the denouement dragged out and somewhat preachy.

in cold blood is masterfully directed and adapted by richard brooks. however, it's also so bent on being realistic, it's sometimes more clinical than entertaining. recounting the brutal killing of a midwest family, author truman capote focused on minutia, wrapping himself and the reader up in the subject and subjects! brooks departs wildly from that approach in favor of something closer to docudrama. although he films on actual locations, he keeps his distance. the murderers are portrayed as depraved imbeciles, which surely they were. they're not seen as misunderstood souls (as in the capote book) and the savagery of their act is horrifyingly blunt. scott wilson and robert blake are excellent as the killers as is the supporting cast, including john forsythe and paul stewart as the reporter (the capote "character?") the landmark photography is by the great conrad hall.

many of the classic films of the late '60s haven't retained their ability to disturb and confront the audience. "in cold blood" hasn't lost an ounce of its power. its exceptionally well made yet forces the viewer to think. some have complained not only about the film, but about truman capote's source "non-fiction novel", that the central message is unsubtle. that may be true, but this is definitely a case where the lack of ambiguity doesn't detract from the film at all. its refreshing, especially considering today's simplistic and manipulative moral dramas, to see a film with a convinced political voice unafraid to force the audience to consider its viewpoint. to be honest, i'm not sure if i agree with the film's central message, but i admire its audacity nonetheless.even if you disagree with the anti-capital punishment message, there's plenty to admire about the film. the acting from the two leads is terrific. scott wilson (still one of the most underrated actors ever) is chilling as the nihilistic leader, one who uses his charisma to hide his weaknesses. robert blake is also chilling as the more submissive of the two and the one with a conscience. his character obviously has a voice of reason, but is terrified to go against wilson (theres a good amount of homoerotic subtext on his character's part). the cinematography is terrific, sleek yet gritty and really giving the impression the viewer is watching a documentary. add another classic score from quincey jones, and you have a masterpiece. (9/10)

"in cold blood", adapted by director richard brooks from truman capote's famous novel, deals with the brutal and senseless murder of a family of four by a pair of hapless criminals. the film excels as a character study of the killers, particularly trigger-man perry smith (robert blake).the cast includes few recognizable names but they nevertheless bring the story to life with ease. robert blake and scott wilson are excellent together as two criminals with disparate personalities. they play off of each other effortlessly while blake also gets plenty of opportunities to explore his character's idiosyncrasies. the rest of the cast is merely average and isn't worth remarking on.richard brooks received oscar nominations for both his script and his direction. in my opinion, both were excellent, though the script does miscalculate with some ill-advised narration in the late stages. the oscar-nominated cinematography by conrad hall is also top-notch, as is the editing. also worthy of note is the jazzy score by quincy jones which secured the last of the film's four oscar nominations.unlike so many other crime films, this one doesn't glamorize violence. brooks turns the killers into pitiable characters rather than flatly condemning them. whether or not you agree with that sentiment the film does present an interesting alternative to the usual hollywood approach. i recommend the film for this reason and also for the expertise with which the technical aspects are handled.

this movie is up there with the all-time classics. the music, camera shots, and acting are excellent. showing the movie in black and white gave it a much better appearance and complemented the music perfectly, like psycho. its surprising how so few people have commented on this movie. my guess is that its a hard movie to find. i gave the film a 9. see the movie and you'll know what i'm talking about.

one of the best true-crime movies ever made and very faithful to truman capote's book which invented the true-crime novel genre. haunting quincy jones musical score and terrific acting by scott wilson and robert blake as dick and perry, the killers. why wilson didn't go on to be a big star after this movie is a mystery to me.the black and white cinematography and editing in this movie are top notch. the re-creation of the murders is frightening and since it leaves the actual murders to your imagination, even more scary than if they had shown the shotgun going off. the movie was filmed in the actual clutter house which had been sold to another person after the murders. the movie has a very documentary feel---besides the scenes at the actual clutter home other scenes were filmed at the gas stations and stores the killers actually went to. nancy clutter's beloved horse, babe, is even in the movie. will geer has a great turn as the prosecutor in the short trial scene which is not only filmed in the actual courtroom but has several of the real clutter murder jurors portraying themselves as the jury for the movie. this is a solid movie, scary every time you see it.

simply one of the best ever! richard brooks' adaptation of truman capote's non-fiction novel is truly an artistic achievement. stunning black and white cinematography (that should have won an oscar), a haunting quincy jones score and tremendous performances by robert blake and scott wilson as the oddly-matched killers. this film was 0 for 4 at the academy awards and wasn't even nominated for best picture while dr. doolittle was. go figure! although you don't get to know the clutter family as well as you do in the book, it was a good decision to focus more on perry and dick and the pain-staking process of tracking these guys down. john forsythe is also impressive as alvin dewey. there are simply no flaws in this one. 10 out of 10. best performance = scott wilson with r. blake a close second. highly recommended!

i voted excellent for how well the acting was, not for the content. it still gives me chills after reading the book, then watching the movie. two ex-cons are traveling to their destination to rob a family of money from a safe one of the cons learned about while in prison. during the ride, the tension begins to mount, as the soundtrack in the movie adds to the overall anticipation. after the killers are done with their work at the farm, the following morning the family's remains are found by the daughter's church friend. the blood-curdling scream, as the scene pans onto the telephone with the cut cord, really made my blood run cold and gave me chills. that the killers met their just fates is a small comfort for this doomed family. robert blake was excellent in his portrayal of perry smith. the book was also excellently written by truman capote.

i saw this in the theater during it's initial release and it was disturbing then as i'm sure it would still be. it was the first part of '68 and this was still making the rounds in towns across america and there had recently been a mass-murder in my hometown where i saw this where a man went on a shooting rampage. the freshness of that close-to-home event combined with this dramatized true story made for a very disturbing theatrical experience. it really brought to life the excellent acting of robert blake and scott wilson. i was familiar with the novel based on the true event by truman capote and the screenplay and direction by richard brooks wove the event and truman's interpretation into compelling gritty cinematic adaptation. music from quincy jones effectively scores it's story. i've only seen this a couple times since. it was too real. almost like being a witness to the crime itself and riding along with the killers. i would give this a 9.0 of a possible 10. society is so desensitized to violence and crime today that this probably seems slow and tame and could be viewed with less effect but to anyone over 50 this will be a hallmark into the examination of the criminal psyche.

sorry, i don't have much time to write. i am not a psychologist but have known one for 25 years. she said that scott wilson portrayed a sociopath (no conscience) extraordinarily well. i agree! she also said that robert blake portrayed a person with anger and impulse control who had a conscience but couldn't control himself superbly. i agree! what a chilling and tremendous film. i have seen over 2000 films and would rank this in the top 100. my lifelong friend deals with clients such as these regularly. my only criticism was the preachy narration at the end of the film. many people grow up in less than ideal circumstances but only one in a million will behave as these 2 losers did.

herbet clutter, wife bonnie, and their teenage children kenyon and nancy were much liked and respected in their tiny town of holcomb, kansas--but in the early hours of 14 november 1959 all four were brutally murdered. rather unexpectedly, the crime made an impression on author truman capote, who rushed to the scene and followed the course of the case to its conclusion. the result was the book in cold blood. controversial, shocking, and exceptionally well-written, it became an international best seller and it remains a touchstone for crime writers to this day.the 1967 film version of capote's work is almost as remarkable as the book itself. filmed in black and white in many of the real-life locations, it has a slightly documentary quality, icy and detached--and the overall cast is exceptional. this is the film on which robert blake's reputation as an actor rests, and deservedly so. as killer perry smith, blake traps you between a profound distaste and the shock of unexpected sympathy; it is a masterful performance from start to finish. as richard hickock, scott wilson is no less fine.like capote's book, the film opens with smith and hickock as they travel to kansas and brings them to the clutter home--only to suddenly flash past the crime to detail the investigation that finally resulted in their arrest and conviction. the centerpiece of the film has always been the moment at which we at last see what occurred in the clutter home; actually filmed in the clutter house itself, it is a spinechilling sequence, horrific and deeply disturbing.director and writer richard brooks guides the film with a very powerful sense of deliberation, erring only in the sense that he allows the film to become slightly preachy. given the overall power of the film, however, this becomes a trivial annoyance. strong stuff--and recommended.gft, amazon reviewer

the premise to this movie was one which focused on the polarization of of ideologies in the united states.. this was a highly combustible scenario in america whereby two entirely different cultures collided. what justified such heinously depraved actions anyway?.. as this film presents the scene,(while hickock and smith drank) these two men were not intoxicated, nor were they under any kind of influence of drugs!! it was a clear cut case of cold and calculated deliberation.. basically, these violent acts were the end result of emotional and social neglect... anytime past 1975, we as a nation have nurtured an empathy for deviates who have been victimized by their environment... however, this incident takes place in 1959!! this dreadful revelation sideswiped us, and mired the nation into a tailspin of conflicting ethics!! with the recent release of the movie "capote" based on truman capote, who was the creator of the documentary "in cold blood", the american people have cultivated a new found fascination with this film!! robert blake played the role of perry smith, one of the villains in this movie... this is seemingly appropriate given the notoriety he has been involved with concerning his personal life!! "in cold blood" centers on the element of the unexplained... there was no vengeance involved, there was no material gain to be acquired, there was no potential for social advancement here either, this is merely an instance of a latent and insidiously belligerent anger which ends certainly did not justify the means!! the situational diatribes which hickock and smith lamented about were always ambiguous!! under the circumstances, why then should they take their frustrations out on an anonymously unsuspecting and innocent kansas family?.. will geer (grandpa walton) plays the prosecuting attorney who is sickened by this act of macabre capriciousness!! his argument is thoroughly convincing... his contention being: "these two men who demonstrated no mercy are now asking for yours" this is a line of logic which would induce me to render a verdict of a conviction if i were to be one of the members of the jury!! absolute disdain for your precarious plight in life does not serve as vindication for orchestrating a capital crime!! it was capote's instincts that dictated that such a deranged act of violence should have been brought to the american public's attention!! as it turn out, it was a harbinger of things to come.. "in cold blood" did just that!! this incident was the calm before the storm relating to a pertinent aspect of emergence to the radical 1960's!! such a lethal charade also served as an insight to the isolated interests which would besiege many typical americans for the future!!!truman capote does a tremendous job on authenticating this savage occurrence with his book, (which was a best seller) and, with this documentary as well... the acting in this film by robert blake and scott wilson, as well as people like john forsythe, was incredible!! the director, richard brooks, ("cat on a hot tin roof", "blackboard jungle" "elmer gantry" and "key largo" to name but a few!!) was outstanding in his collaborative efforts in this movie!! i think that "in cold blood" is one of the best films in the history of movies!! the film depicts two reprehensible spawns of depravity who delved into demented theatrics, and wound up captivating a trite gratification for being acknowledged at a pejorative nationwide level!!.... this movie pinpoints a psychological discontentment which spurs on an emerging bevy of counter culture purveyors of violence!! our nation's ideologies are incredibly different now, than they were in 1959!! this movie introduces the american people to the emotional and vacillating culprits who initiated such a precarious metamorphosis in our overall value system!! i recommend to everyone that they see this movie..."in cold blood" was the focal point to the film "capote"! think about it, making a movie about a movie constitutes a rare and coveted accolade in hollywood!! in the case of "in cold blood" it is an extreme example of a movie which is vicariously clairvoyant, intellectually elevating, and, of course, it goes without saying, "in cold blood" was utterly spellbinding, as well as a totally remarkable movie!!

easily one of the ten best movies of the 20th century. in cold blood is brilliant in the simplicity and realism of its storytelling, and absolutely riveting.robert blake walks away with the film. the story seems to be presented almost entirely from perry's viewpoint, despite dick being the leader and planner of the pair. the viewer will invariable perceive dick as being more unstable, immature, and generally feel like perry would not have been pulled into this nightmare but for dick and his need to be somebody and pull off a big score.based on a true story with particular attention to accuracy, in cold blood depicts the story behind the brutal and senseless murder of a rural kansas family one cold, windy night, because dick has bought into an age-old rural myth about prosperous farmers having a safe full of cash in their home. as "prosecutor" (a character that isn't given a name in the script), played by will geer, so astutely points out, their lives are bought for only $10 a head. director richard brooks wisely chooses not to share with us the gruesome details of the murders until the end of the film, prior to this we only know it has happened and watch the lives of dick and perry slowly unravel as they attempt to escape not only being apprehended by law enforcement, but also perry's own ever-escalating sense of impending doom. he repeatedly makes remarks, "no one ever gets away with a thing like that," and "i can't help thinking we left something behind that belongs to us." dick is neither mature nor moral enough to feel any compelling sense of guilt over their crime, only irritation at perry's. indeed, after they are caught, it is dick who breaks first, and suddenly faints when finally confronted with irrefutable proof that places the two men at the scene of the crime. i felt somewhat sorry for perry from the very beginning of the film, and more-so as events progressed, but i only loathed dick.the genius of the film is the engaging manner in which the story is played. we do not for a moment think we are watching actors portray characters, but that we are watching the actual participants and events as they occurred. the story is unrelenting, taunt, the run time slightly in excess of two hours feels more like just a few minutes.for those of you who are interested in such things, i noticed a couple of the "goofs" listed here on the imdb page for in cold blood are incorrect or exaggerated. such as the "reversed" process shot, at the beginning of the film, as dick and perry are driving across the bridge into kansas. to begin with, this isn't even a process shot, the camera is actually positioned in the backseat and the image you see beyond the windshield of the car is real. a large cargo truck located to the left front of dick's pontiac creates the optical illusion that they are going backward because it is traveling at a greater rate of speed, but closer examination will reveal that they are indeed going forward and it is an actual shot filmed from a moving vehicle. as i previously stated, this is one of the ten best works of 20th century cinema, not recommended for the very young due to some course language and implied and inferred violence (no actual in your face gore as a modern film would resort to), but a thoroughly excellent film.

the actual crime story at the core of in cold blood might seem a little 'tame' for those who are weened on the classic serial killer stories (gein, bundy, dahmer), or just the more notorious cases out in hollywood (oj, manson). the essential facts in the case don't amount to anything terribly convoluted: perry smith and dick hickock (here played by robert blake and scott wilson respectively) met by some luck, conspired to rob a man's farmhouse safe out in kansas, and after killing a family of four with a shotgun and dagger came away with 43 dollars. aside from their returning to the us after fleeing briefly to mexico, there isn't a whole lot of mystery to the resolution either. they were caught by some stroke of ironic chance (a cop followed them and stopped them for having a stolen car after smith and hickcock helped out a boy and his old man collecting bottles for change), and sentenced to hang by the neck until dead. the story ended in 1965.but it's the handling of the story, moments of moot, the performances, a pure cinematic touch that brooks and his absolutely marvelous (the late/great) dp conrad hall provides in crisp widescreen black and white, and a storytelling style that feels realistic without going into too much naturalism or too much melodrama (save perhaps for near the end, which is pitch perfect). the air of tragedy hangs over the story, and not so much because of the killings themselves, no matter how brutal they are as the "third" man that is conjured up, as the narrator observes, by smith and hickcock teaming up, but because of the inevitability of the story. you feel somehow for these criminals, who in any other hands would be just be conventional figures or something out of a b-movie. these aren't good people, but they aren't necessarily monsters either, at least all the way through.it's also an excellent 'road-movie' as we see smith and hickcock on the road down to the clutter residence (the actual night-time scene of the crime taking place late in the film), then on to mexico, then back to america towards las vegas. we get to soak in the personalities of these two, probably even more than that of the police detectives who at first have no leads and then finally get a break with an inmate. it's actually kind of disturbing to get this close to these two (sort of akin to the aimless quality of malick's badlands characters), and it's also a sign of daring for the period. there's no sermonizing, like "he did this because of that and this or the other." we see how smith had an abusive, psychotic father, but that smith loved and hated him. the complexity there is too much for the movie, maybe even too much for capote's book (which, i should confess, i've still yet to read, though i plan to). and we see hickcock is this creature of slick confidence (i.e. getting the suit and other things with bad checks), but without any deep-rooted explanation to it all.the streak of fatalism in in cold blood is some of the starkest of the 60s, and it's the luck of brooks to have its stars as blake in his top-of-the-pops performance (this and lost highway, oddly enough considering his real life saga in recent years, his quintessential pieces of work), and wilson's breakthrough before becoming a character actor. while they're surrounded by fine supporting work, they themselves are eerily absorbing, driven more or less by greed and fantasies of escapism with treasure, and staying pretty much grounded in their situation through the death row and on through their ends. is this a morale of the story, if there could be one, that it's more horrifying to confront the possibility that those who kill can't be classified, of good vs evil getting smudged? smith apologized for his crime before being hung, and he points out, "but to who?" this is a story bound to give the most hardened fans of true-crime the bonafide chills, and it's quite possibly the best american film of 1967.

a unique film...one of the best of all time. acting, script, quincy jones' score, cinematography, editing, etc. -- just fantastic. as most viewers know, this movie is based on truman capote's book about the famous murder of a kansas farm family (the clutters) by a couple of young guys during a misguided robbery. i've never seen a movie that so brilliantly turned a true story into a riveting film. the actors are solid across the board, but the focus is on the killers, dick and perry, and the law enforcement team pursuing them. scott wilson, as dick hickock is amazing. cocky, twitchy, and devoid of compassion he comes across so charming, oily and plausible. robert blake as perry smith is extraordinary as well -- lonely, and at once empathetic and cold-blooded. who could fold these characteristics into one individual and make us buy it? he does, and it's brilliant! a key point of the book is how it took the intersection of these two very differently sociopathic individuals to create the critical mass to commit such a stupid and heinous crime, and these two actors make it work beautifully. both had moments in their subsequent careers, but these performances are high water marks, and that stands for acting period. the cops are wonderful too. leading the investigation is john forsythe, but the other three detectives are great as well. unlike contemporary movies where producers feel it necessary to endow police with superhuman assets or foibles, these are just genuine flatfeet, working the case with determination and competence. they seem so real. i've never seen cops on the screen so powerful in their authenticity; and i've seen most of the crime classics going way back. really one of a kind in this respect. partial spoiler coming (this movie's unique in that you already know what's happened, but i'm warning for the record). of course, the best scenes from the best crime shows and movies are the interrogations -- the intellectual fencing matches between the cops and the crooks, mano a mano. this movie has hands down the best interrogation scenes you'll ever see on film. watch dick and perry try to bluff their way through and slowly unravel, unaware the cops have the goods on them. but the cops need to deftly prep their suspects to fracture their alibis and hopefully elicit confessions. this is some of the best acting you'll ever see. think glengarry glen ross without the showboating. to help translate the sad and horrific angles of this true story, icb was filmed at the actual clutter house, and i've heard the clutters were played by film students to give them a genuine feel. it works. these seem like decent, simple folk. it makes the crime so palpable and sad. i'll stop here. it's not a feel-good movie, but it is one of the best movies ever made, and so unique, it's mandatory viewing for every film buff.

the movie was gripping from start to finish and its b/w photography of the american heartland is stunning. we feel we are right there with them as they cross the big sky country and then into mexico and back to america again. near the end of the movie, the reflection of the rain on robert blake looks like small rivers of sweat and tears rolling down his face. in the end, we follow them up the stairway to their final moment. the two criminals, performed by robert blake and scott wilson, as perry smith and dick hickock could be seen on any street in any town. hickock is a smiling boy next door and smith, the guy with stars in his eyes from the wrong side of town. this point is made in the movie and it always surprises us that criminals are no different in appearance than anyone else. evil, even the most vile, is part of the human condition. these two delusional men kill an entire family, looking for a safe that isn't there. once on the run, they start writing bad cheques, carving out a trail for the authorities.there are many fine supporting actors. i like john forsyth as the detective on the case, alvin dewey. also, will geer shines in a brief but excellent scene as the prosecuting attorney.i have often wanted to see this movie all the way through, having only caught it in short snatches; i did finally get to it after buying the dvd. the result is the finest classic crime movie i have ever seen.don't miss this brilliant movie. to me, this is what great film-making is all about.

i haven't seen this in over 20yrs but i still remember things about it.this film could not have been made in color. the stark grays are what make it, and was life really that simple in the 1950's?? what stands out the most in my memory is perry smith going to the gallows. his breathing under the hood just before they sprung the trap. i don't think i could watch that again.....once is plenty. it's like that unnamed guy at the beginning of "papillon" who is dragged out in terror to the guillotine. the guy that said watch this on a double bill with "dead man walking" should have added the last 10 minutes of "i want to live" as well.some of my ancestors being "aristos" went to the guillotine in 1794-95 so my feelings on the death penalty are rather intense.

criminals perry smith and richard "dick" hickock believe mr. clutter of holcomb, kansas keeps a large supply of cash on-hand in a safe.on november 15, 1959 at two a.m. they end up murdering mr. and mrs. clutter and their teenage son and daughter.after a little police investigation the two men are found and sentenced to be hanged.in cold blood (1967) is directed by richard brooks.now, i haven't read the truman capote novel this movie is based on, so i can't make any comparisons.the movie does a brilliant job telling of those horrific events that actually took place.robert blake is excellent as perry.of course, blake had the murder case of his own a few years back, being accused of murdering his wife.he's free now, but we still don't know the truth.what ever that may be, he's still a very fine actor.scott wilson does remarkable job as hickock.john forsythe is terrific as alvin dewey.paul stewart is very good as jensen.jeff corey is marvelous as mr. hickock.same thing with charles mcgraw who plays tex smith.john mcliam portrays herbert clutter, ruth storey is his wife bonnie, brenda currin is the daughter nancy and paul hough is the son kenyon.great job by each of them.there is much to remember from this film.let's start from the lighter side.it's pretty great when perry wants to go hunting for gold in mexico and says to hickock: remember bogart in treasure of the sierra madre?" and blake himself was in that movie as a boy! and it's a fun moment when they, giving a ride to that boy and his granddad, collect bottles and turn them in for refund money.those darker moments are the most haunting ones.the flashback sequence, where you see the murders happening, is extremely terrifying.when perry goes to kill the girl, nancy last, and she says "oh, please, don't"...the brutality of man, it's impossible to explain.then the hanging scene.first there goes hickock and then perry, first talking to the minister.in the last image of the movie we see perry hitting the end of the rope.sure movies,and books may try to sympathize these villains.especially perry's character is someone you could feel sorry for.he thinks of his mom, and dad who he hates, but still loves.but it doesn't change the fact both of these men these actors portray are brutal murderers, who don't feel sorry for anybody.they go to this house and murder an entire family, in cold blood.how could you sympathize these people?

tremendous black--and-white nighttime cinematography, and plenty of it, highlights this supposedly-true life account of a 1950s murder in kansas in which an entire family was wiped out by two men.the story was written by truman capote, so you get the very liberal anti-death penalty message at the end of the film, which is ludicrous knowing the facts of this case. robert blake and scott wilson play the two atheist losers who have twisted outlooks on life and who unnecessarily murder this nice family. despite the annoying slant at the end, this is a riveting story from the start and the cinematography makes this even more fascinating. famed photographer conrad hall did a fantastic job on this. it makes me wish more modern-day films were made in black-and-white. see it on dvd.blake, wilson, john forsythe, jeff corey and the entire supporting cast are excellent in here. my third viewing of this film came in early april of 2005, shortly after blake, in real life, was pronounced innocent in the murder trial of his wife. one can't help but look at blake and this film differently after that.

as i have matured, my fascination with the academy awards has evolved from intense interest to casual amusement. as in a few other comments that i have written, the bizarre results of academy award voting are often difficult to explain. the omission of "in cold blood" in 1967 as one of the five best picture nominees is one of those inexplicable instances, especially when one of the nominations that year went to the wretched and unwatchable "dr. dolittle." while only an insomniac or masochist would tune in to that rex harrison disaster, richard brook's powerful adaptation of truman capotes non-fiction novel retains its ability to capture the viewer's attention and leave him or her completely drained by the final fade out. while there is nothing particularly graphic or gruesome on screen, the film is definitely adult material. based on a nebraska multiple murder in the 1950's and filmed in the actual locations where the murders took place, "in cold blood" was filmed by master cinematographer conrad hall in stark black and white, and his screen compositions demand to be seen in their correct widescreen aspect ratio. together with quincy jones's unsettling score, hall's work should have been credited above the title with brook's screenplay as the three pillars on which this intense classic is built. the performances are fine as well. scott wilson is all cold charm and robert blake intense introversion as the two killers. (there is an inside joke at one point when blake speaks of bogart and "the treasure of the sierra madre" while the duo are driving to mexico. as a child star, blake sold the lottery ticket to bogart in that john huston film.) the film, like the book, is definitely slanted towards the killers and has an anti-capital punishment tilt, although the remorselessness of the murderers somewhat negates that sentiment despite the difficult-to-watch final scenes. some have criticized the film because it does focus on the criminals, their backgrounds, and lives, while the clutter family, which was literally murdered in cold blood in the middle of the night, come across as one-dimensional characters of little import. this lack of balance comes from the book as capote spent much time with the two killers while they were on death row. the clutter family was apparently not researched to the same depth. however, whatever feelings one may have for or against capital punishment, "in cold blood" will leave you mired deep in conflicting thoughts. run a double bill with "dead man walking," and you may not speak for days.

richard brooks excellent 1967 film of truman capote's novel in cold blood is a perfect companion piece to philip seymour hoffman's oscar winning performance in the 2005 capote. they really play well together (try them on separate nights). it is unusual to find films made 38 years apart that mesh so well. these two truly enhance each other. even though different actors play the roles of killers perry smith and dick hickock, the two pieces blend well. only the part of the writer (played by paul stewart) in the brooks films is weaker, as they give him a different name then capote. i'd suggest watching capote first, followed by in cold blood. it makes for a powerful experience!

in the year 2006, "in cold blood"-a riveting thriller from 1967-has two new interesting contexts that it did not previous have. first, and most chillingly, is the fact that it's star, robert blake, was recently on trial for murdering his wife. second, the recent oscar winning biopic, "capote" showed the muddled back story of this haunting true crime tale's author, truman capote. these two new twists make the film timely for a modern audience.as a stand alone film from it's era, "in cold blood" is top notch in every way. most notable is the stunning black and white cinematography from conrad hall (later of "american beauty" and "road to perdition" fame). many of the stills from this film of the kansas farm house at night or the tree-lined back country roads could be sold as fine art photography. combined with the cracker-jack direction from brooks and superb editing in the early scenes (where we see the mundane daily life of the innocent family about to be senselessly slaughtered beautifully intertwined with the plotting of the two hapless killers), a rich brooding atmosphere is created that sets the stage for riveting suspense (even when everyone knows how this is all going to end due to the fact its all based on real life events). it's also great to see in this day and age how brilliantly staged a harrowing murder scene can be depicted where the graphic nature of the act is transmitted to the viewer subliminally with nary a drop of blood shown on screen.the film is also anchored nicely by robert blake's eerie performance as the more sympathetic yet senselessly brutal side of the killing duo. the flashback scenes to his horrible childhood are extremely well done. then there is the scene towards the end of the film where he is speaking to the reverend before being sent to the gallows and he makes his last "confession" so to speak. it's one of those classic movie moments that is a perfect marriage of gritty acting, superb writing, flawless direction, and haunting photography. i dare you to erase from your mind the stark image of the rain's reflection from the window flowing down robert blake's pallid face in lieu of actual tears.the only thing hampering "in cold blood" is the slow moving middle act where the killers are on the lam and the forced nature of the social commentary at the end. the tacked-on political message about the death penalty is secondary to its compelling depiction of the mad killers and their prey.

remarkable, disturbing film about the true-life, senseless, brutal murder of a small-town family, along with the aftermath, and examination of the lives of the killers, dick hickok and perry smith.no matter how much time goes by, or how dated this film may look, it still resonates the utter incomprehensibility of criminal acts such as this.this really traces multiple tragedies: the tragedy, brutality and senselessness of the murder of the clutter family, a decent farm family in small-town holcomb, kansas; and the wasted, brutal and sad lives of hickok and smith.an interesting point is made in the film: that neither of these two immature, scared, petty criminals would have ever contemplated going through with something like this alone. but, together, they created a dangerous, murderous collective personality; one that fed the needs and pathology of each of them. they push each other along a road of "proving" something to each other. that they were man enough to do it, to carry it out; neither wants to be seen as too cowardly to complete their big "score"; an unfortunate and dangerous residue of the desolate lives they led. these were two grown-up children, who live in a criminal's world of not backing down from dares; who constantly need to prove manhood and toughness. in this instance, these needs carried right through to the murder of the clutters.the film contains a somewhat sentimentalized look at the clutter family, but the point is made. these were respected, law-abiding, small-town people, who didn't deserve this terrifying fate. the movie also gives us a sense of the young lives of hickok and smith. perry smith, whose early life was filled with security and love, but watched in horror as alcohol took his family down a tragic path. hickok, poor and left pretty much to his own devices, not able to see how he fit in, using his intelligence and charm to con everyone he came into contact with.an interesting, and maybe the first, look at capital punishment, and what ends we hope to achieve. is this nothing more than revenge killing for a murder that rocked a nation at a time when we had not yet had to fully face that there might be such predators among us, or does putting these guys at the end of a rope truly provide a deterent to the childish and brutal posturing of men like these? is it possible to deter men who live lives of deceit, operating under the radar, believing they fool everyone they come into contact with? to be deterred, you must believe it's possible you will be caught. is it possible to deter these men who believe they are too clever to be caught?; who have committed hundreds of petty crimes, and got away with them? this was supposed to be a "cinch", "no witnesses".when caught, hickok finds he can't charm and con the agents the way he had department store clerks. smith, who believes he deserves such a fate anyway, who seemed to be the only one who truly grasped the gravity of what they had done, willingly tells the story when he learns that hickok has cowardly caved in. hickok blinked first. a silly game of chicken between two immature, emotionally damaged, dangerous men.fascinating psychological thriller, telling a story of a horrendous crime in this nation's history. stunning portrayals by robert blake and scott wilson. these roles made their careers.

i've seen a great many films, but 'in cold blood' stands alone in a class by itself. it excels in every department. the fact that it contained few big stars helps push it over the top as you pay closer attention to the characters and their story, rather than the name on the marquee. blake and wilson turn in stellar performances of the killer duo. the fact that much of the films is filmed in the actual locations where the crime took place, even inside the very house, add additional chills. the black/white photography darkens the mood and the photography is magnificent. there are many outstanding cinematic works out there, but if i could only vote for one to top the list, it would most probably be "in cold blood".

imagine turning out the lights in your remote farmhouse on a cold night, and then going to bed. there's no need to lock the doors. the only sound is the wind whistling through the trees. sometime after midnight a car with lights off inches up the driveway. moments later an intruder beams a flashlight into your darkened living room.what makes this image so scary is the setting: a remote farmhouse ... at night. based on truman capote's best-selling book, and with b&w lighting comparable to the best 1940's noir films, "in cold blood" presents a terrifying story, especially in that first act, as the plot takes place largely at night and on rain drenched country roads. it's the stuff of nightmares. but this is no dream. the events really happened, in 1959.two con men with heads full of delusions kill an entire kansas family, looking for a stash of cash that doesn't exist. director richard brooks used the actual locations where the real-life events occurred, even the farmhouse ... and its interior! it makes for a memorable, and haunting, film.both of the lead actors closely resemble the two real-life killers. robert blake is more than convincing as perry smith, short and stocky with a bum leg, who dreams of finding cortez' buried treasure. scott wilson is almost as good as dick hickock, the smooth-talking con artist with an all-american smile.after their killing spree, the duo head to mexico. things go awry there, so they come back to the u.s., stealing cars, hitchhiking, and generally being miserable as they roam from place to place. but it's a fool's life, and the two outlaws soon regret their actions. the film's final twenty minutes are mesmerizing, as the rain falls, the rope tightens, and all we hear is the pounding of a beating heart.even with its somewhat mundane middle act, "in cold blood" stages in riveting detail a real-life story that still hypnotizes, nearly half a century later. it's that setting that does it. do you suppose people in rural kansas still leave their doors unlocked ... at night?

although it was released way back in 1967, in cold blood still remains the benchmark by which all true-crime films are matched. veteran writer/director richard brooks (elmer gantry) adapted truman capote's non-fiction book into a chilling docudrama that retains a disturbing power even today, thirty-five years later.robert blake and scott wilson portray perry smith and dick hickock, two ex-cons who, on a tip from hicock's old cellmate floyd wells, broke into the holcomb, kansas home of herbert clutter, looking for a wall safe supposedly containing $10,000. but no safe was ever found, and the two men instead wound up killing mr. clutter, his wife, and their two children, getting away with only a radio, a pair of binoculars, and a lousy forty dollars. two months on the run, including an aimless "vacation" in northern mexico, ended in las vegas when cops caught them in a stolen car. but it eventually comes out, after merciless grilling by kansas law enforcement officials, that these two men committed that heinous crime in holcomb. tried and convicted on four counts of murder, they stew in jail over a five-year period of appeals and denials until both are hanged to death on april 14, 1965.blake and smith are absolutely chilling as the two dispassionate killers who show no remorse for what they've done but are concerned about getting caught. john forsythe also does a good turn as alvin dewey, the chief detective investigating the crime, as does gerald s. o'laughlin as his assistant. in a tactic that is both faithful to capote's book and a good artistic gambit all around, brooks does not show the murders at the beginning; instead, he shows the two killers pulling up to the clutter house as the last light goes out, then cuts to the next morning and the horrifying discovery of the bodies. only during the ride back to kansas, when blake is questioned by forsythe and narrates the story, do we see the true horror of what happened that night. we don't see that much blood being spilled in these scenes, but we don't need to. the shotgun blasts and the horrified look on the clutters' faces as they know they are about to die are more than disturbing enough, so there is no need to resort to explicitly bloody slasher-film violence.brooks wisely filmed in cold blood in stark black-and-white, and the results are excellent thanks to conrad hall's expertise. the chilling jazz score by quincy jones is the capper. the end result is one of the most unsettling films of any kind ever made, devastating in its own low-key fashion. it is a 134-minute study of a crime that shook an entire state and indeed an entire nation, and should be seen, though viewer discretion is advised; the 'r' rating is there for a reason.

the japanese "run lola run," his is one offbeat movie which will put a smile on just about anyone's face. fans of run lola run, tampopo, go!, and slacker will probably like this one. it does tend to follow a formula that is increasingly popular these days of separate, seemingly unrelated vignettes, all contributing the the overall story in unexpected ways. catch it if you see it, otherwise wait for the rental.

japanese indie film with humor and philosophy where the three main characters run literally almost through the entire film, chasing each other due to strange circumstances and comical coincidence. as they are running, we see what is going on in their minds and how they got where they are at the moment. the act of running is a metaphor for these down-on-their luck people's lives. in some way, what they're really chasing for is not what they were originally chasing, but for meaning in their lives and an escape from their personal problems and broken dreams. running makes them all feel truly alive. the big life-altering running adventure comes to an end when they accidentally get in the middle of something big, violent, and so absurd that it's funny in a clever way. one of my favorite films of all time by genius director sabu.

this movie has a very simple yet clever premise - an unemployed man trying to steal from a convenience store, and the store clerk catches him in the act... the thief runs away with the store-clerk right after him. all the while, the store clerk is in trouble with a low-rank yakuza chinpira (gangster). along the chase for the thief, they catch the eye of the yakuza who's been looking for the convenience store clerk. the story then moves into high gear in the form of a tom & jerry (cat & mouse), but is added with the dog chasing after the cat. the entire 2nd act of d.a.n.g.a.n. runner (can be translate to english as "pinball runners") is about the chase, and the chase goes on & on to the point that by the end of the 2nd act, the bum forgets why he is running away, and the yakuza don't remember which of the 2 guys he is chasing, nor does he remember why they're running away from him.similar to sabu's later film postman blues, the bulk of the film is simply all chase and action, with plenty of physical comedy and dark humor injected to keep the audience engaged. what falls short is the ending, to which the chase stops when the three men run out of steam, and into one of the most chaotic mexican stand-offs you'll see on film that looks almost as if sabu was paying homage to tony scott's true romance (written by quentin tarantino).

i finally saw this film tonight after renting it at blockbuster (vhs). i have to agree that it is wildly original. yes, maybe the characters were not fully realized but it isn't one of those movies. rather, we are treated to the director's eye, his vision of what the story is about. and it does not stop. and to be honest, i didn't want it to. i do believe that sabu had to have influenced the director's of 'lock, stock & two smoking barrels' and 'run, lola, run'. but i absolutely loved the way the three leads see the beautiful woman on the street to distract them momentarily. i really need to see this director's other work because this film really intrigued me. if you want insight, culture, sturm und drang, go somewhere else. if you want a laugh, camera movement and criminal hilarity, look here.

a lot has already been said on this movie and i' d like to join those who praised it. it's a highly unique film which uses elements of different genres: drama, comedy, gangster film without making a mess of it. at points you just laugh out loud, at other points you feel for the characters whose mistakes and failures you watch. sabu's genius can be shown with regard to some sequences of the movie. one is that where all three men chasing one another have an erotic day dream about a young woman that they just passed by on the street. this sequence is beautifully done and illustrates the characters of all three runners very well. it is erotic and funny at the same time. another example of sabu's genius is the part of the film where the runners get tired. first one of them, the typical loser among the three guys, hallucinates that the woman that left him for someone else is back again and you see them dancing with one another and in the next shot him dancing with himself which is deeply moving. all of the runners get to this point where they think that have something back they lost or are on track again. and at one part of the movie they stop chasing each other, running in line, just laughing.so here is it all the beauty and the ludicrousness of what we call life which sabu manages to show throughout the film. his characters fail (do they at the end?) but he doesn't rob them of their dignity. "monday" and "postman blues" that do justice to sabu's claim that he is a genius. go watch them!

an entertaining and substantive film, non-stop has drawn deserving comparisons with "run lola run". the film quickly develops into a chase sequence, during which the viewers learn about the three main characters through flashbacks and daydream sequences. the chase serves not as as a fast-paced climax, but as a journey that makes up the majority of the film. during the "run" we see the characters grow and momentarily forget about their dreary lives, about the "macho" roles they've bought into, and eventually forgetting about why they started running in the first place. much like fighting provided a "clarity" for the characters in "fight club," running provides this film's characters with a means to step away from the false values that we all allow society to create for us. their running serves as way to truly taste life from an unclouded perspective, and all three find some level of clarity and joy in the process.my appreciation and enjoyment only wavered slightly in the ending of the film, where instead of learning from their experience, the characters seem to revert to acting out those false macho roles i thought they had escaped from through their journey.still, the only true problem with this film is that it wasn't distributed outside japan sooner.

this is one of the movies that get better every time you see them. it's packed with so many original and unconventional ideas that you always find a new detail. as in sabu's subsequent movies (i didn't see "unlucky monkey" yet, but the other ones are as great) failure, chance and humanism play great roles. the cutting and montage is inventive and artistic, without the movie being an "art" picture, but a highly entertaining one. when comparing it to "run, lola, run" you have to keep in mind that "dangan ranna" was made some years before and was shown on german tv as early as 1997...so it's more probable that it served as inspiration for tom tykwer's movie, and not the other way around. complementary to the other reviews i have to add that i like the acting and the ending very much. this movie is a lot of fun in many ways, and it manages to deliver a message without being annoying or pretentious.

what would happened when a depressed cop works with a shrink on probation? may be a lot of fun... this movie set a benchmark in the action/comedy genre of the argentinean cinema. dearable characters, probable story and a pace that between laughs has some thrill. i recommended it for a pleasant time of entertaining. peretti and luque join their efforts to fight against a cold and daringly foe in a time when it's difficult to trust someone. this movie will surprise you, the other side of the coin of "analyze me", but not alike, with nothing to envy. and if you like to know bs.as there where few scenes of downtown and the city center.

very intelligent humor excellent performing i can't believe how people could think it deserves a 1/10! i hope this movie will be shown everywhere so everyone can enjoy it if you ever have the opportunity, watch it... don't miss it there is a part when the principal actors are driving and singing "happy birthday" and "el payaso plinplin" (an argentinian song for kids (i think... it could also be south american, i'm not sure)). this two songs that have the same melody... but people don't usually realize that... it's just grate! i tried to write this in both spanish and english, because it's an argentinian movie... but the page wouldn't allow me :( hope you enjoy it!

should this be an american movie i'd rate it 7: we've seen this before. being this an argentinean movie, and being myself argentine, i'd like to give it a 10, since it's the kind of quality i'd been hoping -rather than expecting- for. it's superb quality is astonishing, given all the limitations imposed by the 3rd world...i can't forget the scene when díaz forces silverstein's fiancé to confess -you know what i mean if you saw the movie. i think that's the key moment of the movie, not surprising maybe, yet original. that's when the real action begins.before watching a movie i always try to gather some previous information. being this a mainstream, satyric, commercial one, i press "play" and make a suspension of reality and logic, i'd say the best state of mind to enjoy movies like this. it's impossible to discuss the plausibility of the whole plot, yet it's believable in a certain way. as for me, i couldn't stop laughing at every single joke and commentary -"sos malo" ("you're mean")... put in the mouth of díaz, the greatest one.i'm rather tired of seeing movies "designed for" peretti. i know he's a superb actor, but sometimes i feel his roles unfairly opaque the rest, luis luque's role in this case. i'm not very fond of argentine television, so i haven't seen much work from luque, but it's pretty obvious that he's an excellent performer. his physical role, his stares, his content attitude in this movie made me fall in love with his performance. i think his role should need some upgrading, just to let him show us how great he can be!i don't know whether szifrón is planning to make a sequel or not. i know he won't make it if it's to follow the rule that "second parts were never good", so if he makes it, i'll surely go see it. and i hope that, in the future, takes into account the possibility to give peretti's counterparts the same chances to develop their roles.great movie, great performances, and lots of laughs!

tiempo de valientes fits snugly into the buddy action movie genre, but transcends its roots thanks to excellent casting, tremendous rapport between its leads, and outstanding photography. diego peretti stars as dr. silverstein, a shrink assigned to ride shotgun with detective diaz (luis luque), who's been assigned to investigate the murder of two minor hoods who seem to have been involved in am arms smuggling conspiracy. diaz has been suspended from duty, but he's the best man for the job and must have professional psychiatric help in order to be reinstated. silverstein and diaz soon find themselves enmeshed in a conspiracy involving argentina's intelligence community and some uranium, and the film separates them at a crucial point that allows silverstein to develop some impressive sleuthing skills of his own. peretti and luque are excellent together and remind me of screen team terence hill and bud spencer, though peretti isn't as classically handsome as hill. remarkably, even at almost two hours in length tiempo de valientes doesn't wear out its welcome, and indeed writer-director damian szifron sets up a potential sequel in the film's charming coda. all in all, a wonderful and very entertaining action comedy that neither panders to the lowest common denominator nor insults your intelligence.

i sit through movies like "tiempo de valientes" and i want to talk about cinema for hours. the admiration this movie caused me is beyond my own limits of explanation, because i'm watching the scenes of the film and i search inside my thoughts for film-making ideas and dialogue innovations that could emerge from something bigger than damian szifron's mind.looking the environment, so uncompromised, so simple, i'm thinking; this man is a genius. no wonder he created what is probably the best television show argentina ever witnessed, and then a first movie full of elements some contemporary directors haven't still achieved. "el fondo del mar" is the name and, it awakened (a few years ago), my enthusiasm for our everyday cinema.starting his journey from people's daily real lives, szifron goes where pablo trapero never could in "el bonaerense"; the federal police department's life. trapero's film was a journey into a man's mind and experiences, not into the places he saw. yes, there was a detailed training and lots of crime situations, but szifron in "in there", his is more of a detective story, like the ones we know and love, with the mysteries and the thrilling music.but there's a lot of humanity in his writing, and he shows us his investigation through the eyes of his main characters, alfredo díaz and mariano silverstein. there are a lot of actors of great caliber in the film, but these two actors are the ones the film can't do without. the first character (luis luque) is a detective that has just found out his wife cheats on him; and has to work on a case.the second one is a psychiatrist that is assigned the treatment of the detective. he wants to deal with him in regular sessions but the sheriff takes advantage of the time disposition and suggests he joins díaz in his routines: "it's nothing, the usual stuff; no problem". but it is bigger than that, and it will unfold a part of the doctor's personality he didn't know.the relationship developed between the two leads can't be explained unless it is observed, because it regards such a complexity that demonstrates how talented are some men like szifron that are trying, today, to leave a signature in our history. reaching points of unbelievable spontaneity, during a high pressure situation, díaz tells silverstein: "how do we continue our treatment?", and silverstein answers: "no, i'm not your doctor. you call me to have dinner; i'm your friend": we laugh because we can't help it.and we can't help laughing when díaz crashes a car in the street and doesn't gives importance to it, or when he trespasses all the red lights in the street, or when he smokes pot in his police patrol and silverstein can't believe it (but then smokes it too because he's screwed up); or when silverstein tries to be friendly with díaz's robber friends. magic from diego peretti is what we receive there. he, a psychiatrist himself, gives a performance in plan "locas de amor", but impresses with all his range. luis luque on the other hand, is back on track with a top-notch portrayal that reminds us the great actor he is.there's a passion i have for this, and as i said, i could write about it for hours, but unfortunately that's not the way it works and i have to be precise and summarize. although i have to watch a lot of the old movies and study them, i could assure that "tiempo de valientes" is the comedy argentina had been waiting for and never got…until now.

tiempo de valientes is a very fun action comedy.after his great fist movie called el fondo del mar and the spectacular tv pro-gramme los simuladores,damian szifron made another great work.tiempo de valientes looks,for moments,a movie made in hollywood.diego peretti and luis luque are two great actors and here,they have great performances.the movie is very fun and funny and it has superb moments.tiempo de valientes is a very fun action comedy that i totally recommend if you wanna have a great time.and i have to congrats szifron for all the talent he has.rating:9

this movie is damian szifrón's second immersion in movies after his excellent character study in "el fondo del mar". with "tiempo de valientes" he creates extremely well done characters, far away from prototypes and with an unprecedented chemistry between them. i've seen szifron's talent to present every character in a lighthearted way but just enough to involve us emotionally with them. his control over them is magnificent, so he restores on the movie a great direction and an overall brilliantly polished script, the characters laugh and cry with real sentiment and invite the viewer to join them in their emotions and their evolution on screen.the spanish takes over the english, the buenos aires urban landscape at night replaces hollywood sets and the premise is just as interesting as any other, so we have a film daring to compete over hollywood's machinery.but i want you to see the movie mainly because i've never dealt with such endearing characters, all of them. it seems the script suits perfectly to the actors and vice versa. i really believe with a film making like this argentina is really up to the competition.

this is a very funny movie, easy to watch, that entertains you almost all the time. the work of the director is recognizable and the type of humor is his trademark. the movie is a typical police partners history like lethal weapon, but the jokes and comedy are of argentinian sort. the twist is that one of them is a psychologist played by peretti and has to go with detective diaz (played by luque) on his assignments while he also assist him (diaz is troubled because his wife cheated on him). some of the dialogs are hilarious worldwide: understandable and laughable anywhere. is very good overall, it would deserved an 8, but i rated 7 because it gets a little down at the end. on a personal remark i must add that is a "bravo" for argentinian filmmakers, considering the little good is coming lately.

a hilarious action comedy in which damian szifron takes into the lives of díaz, a cop whose wife has cheated on him. he is living in a hotel feeling guilty about his wife's unfaithfulness, falling into depression he stops caring, running red lights just for fun, feeling sorry for himself. and silberman, a jewish shrink on probation, a leftist liberal who does not trust cops at all. he is told to accompany díaz in his daily duties, unable to refuse due to the terms of his probation. soon the situation reverts when silberman himself finds out his wife is cheating on him, and ends up being comforted by the very person he was supposed to help, a person he did not trust at all in the beginning. a nuclear conspiracy, car thieves, international spies, a hysterical wife. weird characters in a delightful comedy about friendship and heroism.

i'm feeling a little protective of this film because it was my introduction to the u.n.c.l.e.-verse. the year was 1972, and i.t.v. ran all eight features in one bumper run ( followed by re-runs of 'the persuaders' starring tony curtis and roger moore ) on saturday evenings. 'the karate killers' was chosen to open the season. it commenced with a cool action sequence as solo and kuryakin's sports car got attacked by a squadron of thrush mini-copters. i was a fan for life from that moment on.after the main credits ( nice to see a special title sequence here instead of the usual practice of slowing down action footage ) we go to the laboratory of dr.simon true ( jim boles ), inventor of a new formula to extract gold from seawater. true's wife amanda ( joan crawford ) has been having an affair with thrush agent randolph ( herbert lom ). a ruthless fellow indeed, he kills both the doctor and his wife, before hunting for the formula. true has prepared for the event - he has divided it into five segments, each written on a photograph of himself, and sent it to his five daughters, all of whom are scattered throughout the world.solo and kuryakin set out to get the formula first, leading to a string of episodes in different locations, and cameos from the likes of telly savalas ( as a tight-fisted italian count ), terry-thomas, and curt jurgens. one of dr.true's daughters - sandy ( kim darby ) - accompanies the u.n.c.l.e. boys on their global quest.having assembled the formula, thrush turns up and makes them hand it over, before whisking them off to their secret base at the north pole...of all the u.n.c.l.e. feature films, this is the one i feel should have been produced specially for the cinema. it hurts by being a television product, albeit even one more slightly expensive than usual. no location filming was done, and the various segments come across as repetitive, usually culminating in a scrap between u.n.c.l.e. and thrush. of the cast, joan crawford is memorably hammy in her small role, and curt jurgens badly miscast as a sugar daddy. as a london bobby, terry-thomas is as delightful as ever, and herbert lom good as the chief villain. kim darby grates though as 'sandy'. she should have been told to stay at home.what is surprising about this is that it manages to be more amusing and entertaining than many official cinema releases of the time, including 'in like flint', 'casino royale' and 'the ambushers'. i'd love to know how solo and company escaped from thrush h.q. after randolph's death though.

i'd never heard of this movie, but boy was i surprised when i caught it on tv. great cast, great acting. excellent movie! how can a movie with william h macy, neve campbell and donald sutherland go wrong? i wonder why i never heard of it before.

strange yet emotionally disturbing chiller about fed up middle-aged man (william h. macy) who finally decides to leave the family business (murder for hire) run by his quietly over-demanding father (donald sutherland) while seeing a shrink (john ritter) and flirting with another patient (neve campbell).talk about a major dilemma, but "panic" is a top-notch thriller that looks like "american beauty" meets "the professional". macy and sutherland are the stand-outs here. remarkable debut for first-time writer/director henry bromell. i'm surprised that this movie didn't get a chance to stay in theaters for more than a couple of weeks.

william h. macy is at his most sympathetic and compelling here as a hit-man and loving father who wants to step out of the family business without angering his overbearing parents. treads much of the same territory as tv's "the sopranos" in terms of the mid-life crisis of a criminal theme (here too he visits a shrink) but is still worth watching thanks to some taut direction from brommel (i look forward to what this guy directs next), an excellent script, and all around great performances. macy is excellent as always. this is probably his best role since "fargo." donald sutherland is at his creepy best as the domineering father. tracy ullman gives a surprisingly riveting dramatic turn as macy's wife. young david dorfman is excellent as macy's bright and sensitive son (many of his lines sound ad-libbed and are wonderful). even neve campell (who i usually find abhorrent) is compelling as the troubled young woman who captures macy's eye. all of this is punctuated by a moving score and crisp pace that lead up to a predictable but still powerful climax and meaningful and touching aftermath. this film deserved a much wider release, as i suspect it would have connected with audiences.

"panic" is kind of a crime comedy-drama with william h. macy, donald sutherland and neve campbell in the leading roles. alex (played by macy) is a guy who kills people for living. but for the moment he's facing a depression and that's why he is seeing a therapist. that's where he meets sarah (neve campbell) and he falls in love with her. he's also facing another problem: he wants to quit the family business (the killings), but he doesn't now how to tell this to his father.what follows is the story of a guy during he's midlife-crisis, facing the regular problems: falling in love with a pretty young girl and everything that goes with that.pretty good acting performances by the cast. macy is excellent as the depressed alex. i had high expectations for this one and it was a good movie but he doesn't completely deliver. the story was rather flat and cliché..7/10

in his first go as a hollywood director, henry brommell whips an enthralling yarn that is all of penetrating relatable marital issues with melancholic authenticity, and lacing such with an equally absorbing subplot of a father-son hit-man business. the film is directed astutely and consists of a wonderfully put together cast as well as a swift, family-conscious screenplay (also by brommell) that brings life to an otherwise fatigued genre. as a bonus, 'panic' delivers subtle, acerbic humor—an unexpected, undeniably charming, and very welcome surprise—through its bumbling, unsure-of-himself, low-key star, whose ever-cool state is enticing, especially given his line of work.the forever-great william h. macy again captures our hearts as alex, a unhappy, torn, middle-aged husband and father who finds solace in the most dubious of persons: a young, attractive, equally-messed-up 23-year-old named sarah (neve campbell), whom he meets in the waiting-room at a psychologist's office, where he awaits the therapy of dr. josh parks (john ritter) to discuss his growing eagerness to quit the family business that his father (donald sutherland) built. alex, whose lust to lead a new life is obstructed by the fear of disappointing his dictating father, strikes an unwise fancy for sarah, which ultimately leads him to understand the essence and irrefutable responsibility of being a husband to his wife and, more importantly to him, a good father to his six-year-old son, sammy (played enthusiastically by the endearing david dorfman).henry brommell's brilliant 'panic' is something of a rarity in hollywood seldom seen (with the exception of 2002's 'road to perdition') since its conception in 2000—it weaves two conflicting genres (organized-crime, family drama) into a fascinating, warm hunk of movie-viewing that is evenly strong in either direction—and it's one that will maintain its exceptional, infrequent caliber and gleaming sincerity for ages to come.

had placed this on my tivo for a rainy day due to the cast, some really hard working people in the industry, and when i finally watched i was not disappointed.this movie has some altman-like flavor (he's mentioned in the end credits as a "thanks" person) utilizing seemingly independent unrelated plot lines that intertwine as the film draws to its climax. macy is pure, clean, and honest as a man who can't seem to escape his "destiny", sutherland plays and portrays as few can, neve adds splash to a deliberately toned down environment, add tracy ullman, barbara bain (remember mission impossible on tv?), not to mention the steady john ritter and you have all the ingredients for a good film. the script is uncluttered, the dialog is free from cliché and thoughtful (especially between macy and david dorfman). suspend belief and enjoy, this is truly time well spent.

wow i really liked this movie, william h. macy is great as the quiet hit-man alex.all the performances here are really good, the plot is interesting and entertaining.alex, a married hit-man (like his father)with a little son, is going through a middle age crisis and wants to quit the family business so he goes to the psychiatrist for help and in this place he meets the young free will spirit sarah of whom he falls in love to. one day alex doesn't know what to do when he gets a job to kill a person he knows. i recommend you to watch it if you like mature interesting movies.8 stars = very good

i bought this a year or more ago for $2 (yep, $2), left it on the shelf for ages, now watching dvds while holed up with a cold.this is a haunting movie. brilliant performances by all involved, especially the 6yo boy (about the only smiles you get in this movie).plot reminds me of perhaps my favourite movie ever, grosse pointe blank, but obviously that's lighthearted, this is heavy hearted.as a psychologist, a clinical and forensic psychologist, a shiver went up my spine when the identity of the new contract was revealed. scary stuff! brilliant work all round.pete

writer/director henry brommel has done a wonderful job with his film, "panic," from the year 2000, and that includes his choice of cast: william h. macy, tracy ullman, john ritter, neve campbell, donald sutherland, barbara bain, david dorfman. brommel has cast ullman and ritter in decidedly un-funny roles, and the offbeat casting is a welcome change from what we normally see."panic" is the story of a hit man, alex (macy) who actually works for his father (sutherland). he covers his true profession by doing mail order work; by all appearances, he and his wife (ullman) and their son sammy (dorfman) are a typical suburban family. unhappy with his life, alex seeks the help of a psychiatrist (ritter), telling only his mother (bain). in the waiting room, he meets a young woman (campbell) to whom he is immediately attracted, which complicates his situation further. his mother breaks her promise and tells his father about the psychiatrist. when alex receives his next assignment, he discovers that he is to kill his psychiatrist.this is a profound story of a gentle, good man made into a killer by a monster of a father, with his mother's knowledge, who kills to please his father but also can't stand up to him and quit. his rage is so deep-seated that he has lost emotional attachment to just about everything and everyone except his son - and it's finally his son who wakes him up out of a nearly lifelong repression. when it's time for "panic" to moves, it does - quickly."panic" doesn't seem panicked at all. in fact, it moves very slowly. but it moves slowly not because it's poorly made - the slowness is deliberate, mirroring alex's own psyche slowly coming out of the fog. by making a decision about sara, the campbell character, and by seeing his mark, his own psychiatrist, as a living, breathing human being, alex starts to make the connections between what he does and who he is -and how they don't jive. and the difference between the two could lead to the loss of another psyche, sammy's.william macy gives another brilliant performance, as a loving father, a distant husband, and a cold killer, the child of two monsters who never cared a damn for his feelings or desires, a man who realizes finally that he has to step up to the plate or have the cycle repeated.this is not the kind of drama that plays well in a movie theater. it's too adult, too small, too subtle, too character-driven, and too good.

it is always sad when "fringe" movies such as this are overlooked by the majority of filmgoers. "panic" is a wonderfully compelling and poignant study of a character who feels trapped in the pointlessness of his own life.william h. macy, as alex, is as convincing as always. this fine actor seems to have a special talent for pulling at your heartstrings, no matter how flawed his characters may be; we may not always condone the lifestyles of the protagonists he plays, but the emotions of fear and confusion that he evokes in us are often all too painfully familiar. the title, "panic," initially seems paradoxical, given the lack of overt emotion. at one point alex tells his doctor that he rarely gets angry. yet, as this story unfolds, it becomes increasingly obvious that rage and desperation, not indifference, are the driving forces behind this man's existence.more than once i was reminded of his performance in "fargo," another strongly character-driven movie. in both "fargo" and "panic" we witness a middle aged man who somehow seems to have stepped out of synch with the rest of life. he has lost his way, and the only way back deceptively appears to be though the darkness. he knows he is making bad choices, but desperation overpowers self-control and common sense.alex connects with sarah, a 23 year old woman (mesmorizingly played by neve campbell), whom he meets in a doctor's office. thematically, this union is less coincidence, more the work of fate. alex finds a certain comfort being with sarah, sensing perhaps that she is a fellow drifter, like him, someone who has lost her way and is floating aimlessly through the rest of her life, waiting powerlessly for its inevitable conclusion.opting for movies such as this is a shrewd and convincing way for neve campbell to answer those critics who question her acting abilities. too often it is the characters she has played who are the weakness, offering campbell no depth in which to flex her acting muscles. this performance, however, may be an eye-opener for many.in a perfect movie world, not only would there be many more films like "panic," but also they would reach and be appreciated by a much wider audience. if you watch movies for the richness and depth of characterization, rather than merely the latest state-of-the-art special effects, then, for you, "panic" is unmissable. a+.

this movie displays the kind of ensemble work one wishes for in every film. barbara bain and donald sutherland (who play husband and wife)are positive chilling, discussing the "family business" as if it were a grocery store or a dry cleaners. macy, campbell, ullman, and ritter are also terrific. they play off each other like members of a top-notch theatrical troupe, who realize that a quality product requires each actor to support the others unselfishly. and finally, there's sammy (david dorfman). what an amazing performance from a child...and what an uncanny resemblance he has to ullman, whose son he plays!we're treated to a unique story in "panic," and that's a rarity in these days of tired formulaic crap. the dialogue is sharp and smart, and this relatively short film nevertheless has the power to elicit a full range of emotions from the viewer. there are places to laugh, to be shocked, to be horrified, to be saddened, to be aroused, to be angry, and to love. it's not a movie that leaves you jumping for joy, but when it's over you're more than satisfied knowing you've spent the last ninety minutes experiencing a darn good piece of work.more of us would go to theatres if we were treated to quality fare like this. when are the powers that be in hollywood going to wake up? it's a real shame when something this good fails to get exposure beyond festivals and households fortunate enough to have cable.

i saw this movie a few months ago on cable, and it was fantastic. william h macy is one of my favorite actors, and his performance was just amazing. he makes you care for his character, even when he is clearly doing the wrong thing, and neve campbell gives a performance that is with out a doubt the best performance i have seen by an actress this year. she is fantastic as a wild young woman who is wise beyond her years.donald sutherland is just plain creepy as macy's father, and john ritter is fine as a shrink stuck in the middle of everything that is happening.i wish that this was in the theater because i feel that it's a movie that should be view by a wider audience. that's a shame, because it's a hell of allot better that most of the new movies coming into the theater now.

a first time director (bromell) has assembled a small but powerful cast to look at the world of a middle aged, middle class, depressed hit-man and his struggle with his relationship with his father. this film in less than 90 minutes presents an incredibly interesting contrast in human nature. david dorfman as the 6 year old son of william h. macy is the most refreshing little actor i've seen in awhile. macy is brilliant in a part that almost seems written for him as a self tortured sole struggling to break the reins of his father and his business. it's always great to see donald sutherland and here he's wonderful as the callous father of macy. the films alternate audio track is well worth it to hear the director explain how he picked the cast, locations, and filmed the movie. the basic dolby 2 channel sound is adequate for this film and well recorded. the cinematography creates the mood along with a very subtle musical background. any film buff or observer of human nature will enjoy this one especially if he's a fan of contradiction.

the extended nuclear family, united in business as well as in personal life, is examined in this serious study of a grown son's conflict with his father's desire that he remain in the family business. this triggers a midlife crisis which may or may not be ameliorated by an affair and retreat to a shrink's couch. very fine acting by all. a sleeper that deserves wide attention.

i really liked this film. one of those rare films that hollywood really does not make anymore. william h macy is just great as the hit man with a soul, and neve campbell is just flat out fantastic as the woman who puts his life on the track of redemption.if you have a chance, see this film. it earns it's praise

everyone is either loving or hating this film. i am going with loving. it is so well shot and so well acted. beautiful. this film is for people who appreciate well crafted film making. if you are not a fan of well done films of course you would hate this. but if you like the tops of acting, photography, story and development, look no further then here.

what a surprising treat to come across on late television. had i only read a brief plot rundown on a television listing before seeing the movie, i would have passed. the idea of a movie about a hit-man-seeing-a shrink-wanting-to leave-the-business-and-falling-in-love....sounds trite. but the film works. from the start of the movie, it's clear the man carries a weight on his shoulders, before he even says a word. the look and feel of the film is perfect. dark, but not obnoxiously so.aside from the hit-man family aspect which provides a touch of surrealism, macy's character grapples with his marriage, and his father's control. macy shows a repressed sadness, and his bedtime talks with his young son are amazing. the young boy shows acting skills well beyond his years, and the interaction between the father and son is so very natural, personal and loving.this is one of the best movies i've seen in a while, and i can't believe i came across it by accident on late night television.

i gather from reading the previous comments that this film went straight to cable. well, i paid to see it in a theatre, and i'm glad i did because visually it was a striking film. most of the settings seem like they were made in the early 60s (except for the shrink's office, which was dated in a different way), and if you leave the neve campbell sequences out, the whole film has a washed- out early 60s ambience. and the use of restaurants in the film was fascinating. for a first-time director whose background, i believe, is in writing, he has a great eye. within the first ten minutes i felt the plot lacked plausibility, so i just willingly suspended my disbelief and went along for the ride. in terms of acting and the depiction of father-son, mother-son, husband-wife, parent-child relationships, the film was spot-on. william h. macy, a pleasure to watch, seems to be filling the void left by the late tony perkins, if this and magnolia are any indication. tracey ullman as the neglected wife was quite moving, to me. it was a three-dimensional depiction of a character too often viewed by society as two-dimensional. of course, donald sutherland can add this to his collection of unforgettable portrayals. the depiction of the parents (bain/sutherland) reminded me, in an indirect way, of vincent gallo's buffalo '66, although toned-down quite a bit! i would definitely pay money to see a second film from this director. he has the self-discipline of a 50s b-crimefilm director (something p.t.anderson will never have!), yet he has a visual style and a way with actors that commands attention.

the effects of job related stress and the pressures born of a moral dilemma that pits conscience against the obligations of a family business (albeit a unique one) all brought to a head by-- or perhaps the catalyst of-- a midlife crisis, are examined in the dark and absorbing drama, `panic,' written and directed by henry bromell, and starring william h. macy and donald sutherland. it's a telling look at how indecision and denial can bring about the internal strife and misery that ultimately leads to apathy and that moment of truth when the conflict must, of necessity, at last be resolved.	alex (macy) is tired; he has a loving wife, martha (tracey ullman), a precocious six-year-old son, sammy (david dorfman), a mail order business he runs out of the house, as well as his main source of income, the `family' business he shares with his father, michael (sutherland), and his mother, deidre (barbara bain). but he's empty; years of plying this particular trade have left him numb and detached, putting him in a mental state that has driven him to see a psychologist, dr. josh parks (john ritter). and to make matters worse (or maybe better, depending upon perspective), in dr. parks' waiting room he meets a young woman, sarah cassidy (neve campbell), whose presence alone makes him feel alive for the first time since he can remember. she quickly becomes another brick in the wall of the moral conflict his job has visited upon him, as in the days after their meeting he simply cannot stop thinking about her. his whole life, it seems, has become a `situation'-- one from which he is seemingly unable to successfully extirpate himself without hurting the ones he loves. he can deny his age and the fact that he has, indeed, slipped into a genuine midlife crisis, but he is about to discover that the problems he is facing are simply not going to go away on their own. he's at a crossroads, and he's going to have to decide which way to go. and he's going to have to do it very soon.	from a concept that is intrinsically interesting, bromell has fashioned an engrossing character study that is insightful and incisive, and he presents it is a way that allows for moments of reflection that enable the audience to empathize and understand what alex is going through. he makes it very clear that there are no simple answers, that in real life there is no easy way out. his characters are well defined and very real people who represent the diversity found in life and, moreover, within any given family unit. the film resoundingly implies that the sins of the father are irrefutably passed on to the progeny, with irrevocable consequences and effects. when you're growing up, you accept your personal environment as being that of the world at large; and often it is years into adulthood that one may begin to realize and understand that there are actually moral parameters established by every individual who walks upon the planet, and that the ones set by the father may not be conducive to the tenets of the son. and it is at that point that alex finds himself as the story unfolds; ergo, the midlife crisis, or more specifically, the crisis of conscience from which he cannot escape. it's a powerful message, succinctly and subtly conveyed by bromell, with the help of some outstanding performances from his actors.	for some time, william h. macy has been one of the premiere character actors in the business, creating such diverse characters as quiz kid donnie smith in `magnolia,' the shoveler in `mystery men' and jerry lundegaard in `fargo.' and that's just a sampling of his many achievements. at one point in this film, sarah mentions alex's `sad eyes,' and it's a very telling comment, as therein lies the strength of macy's performance here, his ability to convey very real emotion in an understated, believable way that expresses all of the inner turmoil he is experiencing. consider the scene in which he is lying awake in bed, staring off into the darkness; in that one restless moment it is clear that he is grappling, not only with his immediate situation, but with everything in his life that has brought him, finally, to this point. in that scene you find the sum total of a life of guilt, confusion and uncertainty, all of which have been successfully suppressed until now; all the things that have always been at the core of alex's life, only now gradually breaking through his defense mechanisms and finally surfacing, demanding confrontation and resolution. it's a complex character created and delivered by macy with an absolute precision that makes alex truly memorable. it's a character to whom anyone who has ever faced a situation of seemingly insurmountable odds will be able to relate. it's a terrific piece of work by one of the finest actors around.	sutherland is extremely effective, as well; his michael is despicably sinister in a way that is so real it's chilling. it's frightening, in fact, to consider that there are such people actually walking the earth. this is not some pulp fiction or james bond type villain, but a true personification of evil, hiding behind an outward appearance that is so normal he could be the guy next door, which is what makes it all the more disconcerting. and sutherland brings it all to life brilliantly, with a great performance.	neve campbell looks the part of sarah, but her performance (as is the usual case with her) seems somewhat pretentious, although her affected demeanor here just happens to fit the character and is actually a positive aspect of the film. if only she would occasionally turn her energies inward, it would make a tremendous difference in the way she presents her characters. `panic,' however, is one of her best efforts; a powerful film that, in the end, is a journey well worth taking. 9/10. 

"panic" is a captivating, blurred-genre film about a brooding and conflicted middle aged hitman's reconciliation of infatuation with a younger uninhibited hairstylist, his love of wife and son, his duty to his employer/father with his own identity. although the film has a nebulous purpose and an ambiguous ending, it is a superb production in almost all aspects. the characters' clarity and sincerity in such an improbable story may both fascinate and annoy audiences.

panic delivers the goods ten fold with oscar caliber performances from william h macy, neve campbell, and donald sutherland. in a movie about the choices we make and the consequences we live with. chillingly honest and thought provoking, panic is easily one of the best film to come out of hollywood in years. the impact stays with you right after you leave the theater.

panic is a sneaky little gem of a film - you think you have it figured out by the first half hour only to realize, with great pleasure, that henry bromell is a much better writer/director than that. the film builds slowly, with one quietly devastating scene after another, all enacted perfectly by william h. macy, donald sutherland, neve campbell, tracey ullman, john ritter, and the most remarkable child actor i've seen in a long time, david dorfman, as macy's son, who delivers his lines as if they're completely unscripted thoughts being created in his mind. rich and rewarding, this film will stay with you long after the credits have rolled.

this is the kind of movie hollywood needs to make more of. no extravagant props, no car chases, no clever one-liners. just people dealing with being people.william macy plays an unlikely hitman who works for his father, donald sutherland. macy is the dutiful son, sutherland is the domineering father. son wants out of the business, father won't let him. macy loves his own son, played beautifully by david dorfman ("the ring"). he also starts to fall in love with neve campbell, a girl he meets in the waiting room of his psychiatrist's office.it's an interesting juxtaposition of characters and the film follows the reluctant killer as he balances his own needs with those of his family. there are many touching scenes, especially between macy and his little boy. and as you'd expect in a film with william macy in it, there's a bit of humor too.excellent job all around, actors and director. nice to know they can still make a good film in hollywood on a small budget.

i recently caught up with this little gem of a film on cable. it took me by surprise, even though, i should have expected it from the team involved with this movie. henry bromwell directed this film with a sure hand, and it shows. one always wonders about the secret life of hit killers. one doesn't have to go too far to realize they probably are one's own neighbors, or social acquaintances, or even friends; they're no different from us, at least on the surface.in this story, the grandfather, is a despicable character who does not hesitate in eliminating anyone for the right price. he has no scruples in teaching the ropes to his own son, and even to the grandson!alex, is a man living in turmoil. he knows what he has done in the past and suddenly is coming to realize the consequence of his actions. he has to see someone to help him find peace with himself. in going to dr. parks, he is trying to find absolution, although, he doesn't find it there. on the contrary, there is a dramatic twist when alex learns about who is supposed to kill next.alex, brilliantly portrayed by william h. macy, mesmerizes us. not only is he a fantastic actor, but he makes us believe he is that man. one of the best things in the movie is the late john ritter. he is equally convincing as dr. parks, the man who unravels the mystery.donald sutherland, as the grandfather is perfect. he is a natural actor in everything he does. neve campbell surprised in her pivotal role of sarah. she shows a capability and range that are incredible. tracey ullman is martha, the suffering wife, and she doesn't get to do much. also barbara bain, in a rare appearance, is the grandmother from hell. david dorfman, is a delight in the film. he shows a maturity beyond his years.

a brilliant movie about family, guilt, sacrifice, betrayal, and love. macy is such a great actor. it was almost a shame to see him in the same scenes with campbell, who looks the part of a neurotic sex object but doesn't have the chops to work with him on the level the script called for. but he's such a good actor that he played down to her level to make the scenes work. i highly applaud the casting of tracey ullman as the neglected wife. who knew? sutherland is also very good. the way he moves makes his character look taller (and even younger in some scenes). almost everyone knew what they were doing.macy's portrayal of the only situation in which his character is not able to be careful is nothing short of complete mastery.

why panic never got a good theatrical release is easily seen: it's much too smart, and audiences would have probably had a difficult time with it, comparing it to american beauty in its probing of a midlife crisis, and sopranos and analyze this in it's study of illegal goings-on amidst family life. though panic may seem to derive from unoriginal material, brommel's lifelike characters coupled with deft dialogue and observant direction make the film a realistic look at the undoing of a middle aged man.william h. macy stars as alex, a hitman who works for his father's (sutherland) contract-killing business. he leads a double life, with his wife (ullman) and son unaware of his real trade. in his middle-age, he becomes increasingly disgusted with what he has done all his life. under his calm, collected facade stirs repressed resentment for his father's controlling grasp on his life. when he meets a young woman(campbell) he feels invigored and decides it's time to quit the family business.the fact that writer/director henry brommel decided to make the profession his main character was trying to break away from contract-killing is disposable. he could have easily substituted it with any undesirable profession; his characters are so well-developed and believable, scenes handled so smoothly and realisticly and dialogue written so insightfully and naturally that the focus falls on macy's conflicted character rather than his job as a hitman. brommel's script feels like a shakespearean tragedy, with a definite theme of destiny running throughout.in alex, macy creates a tragic, easily sympathetic character, and turns in yet another brooding, great performance, as can always be expected. donald sutherland is also effectively abrasive and abusive as his overbearing father, and ullman's dramatic turn as macy's wife is a welcome change for the comedian. consider a scene in a bicycle shop, where her mood subtly darkens and peaks in an affecting scene of emotional confusion.henry brommel's first feature, panic is a film that is well-crafted in its sincerity. with a first-rate cast, a plausible script, terse dialogue, and nice direction, this character-study is hopefully just a taste of brommel's aptness for creating characters that seem real. 8 out of 10

why do i like disorganized crime so much? why do i chuckle or laugh out loud any time i think of a dozen or more scenes from this movie? it's kind of hard to explain, but i'll give it a try. first of all, it's very funny indeed - in contrast to what lots of "official" reviews want you to believe. but then again, that depends entirely on your sense of humour, so there is no sense in arguing about that. often the humour is in the dialogue, and often it is situational comedy. there is for instance this very hilarious scene in which the 4 gang members have been given a lift in the back of a truck. when the farmer drops them, they just stand there by the road, covered all over with cow s*** or whatever. they are totally unnerved; then, realizing the humour of the scene, they one by one start laughing about themselves, and ruben blades (as carlos), looking (and certainly smelling) terrible, nonchalantly takes out some mouth spray to at least do something about his breath (simply describing the scene here makes me chuckle again!). which leads to the second point: the acting. fred gwynne, lou diamond phillips, william russ, ruben blades and corbin bernsen (okay, the latter overdoes it a bit at times) all fit and play their parts beautifully - in fact, you get the feeling they must have been enjoying themselves too when shooting the film. thirdly, there is the plot . jim kouf, the director and screenwriter, is very laid-back; he takes his time to let the plot unfold and have the individual characters establish themselves. more often than not, there is no real action, and yet you enjoy these 4 very different people - who attempt to rob a bank although their boss (bernsen) does not seem to turn up - grumble about each other and even-tually, grudgingly, like each other. the movie is a fantastic parody of the typical bank robbery plot - totally impossible with all its twists and coincidences, yet utterly convincing in its love for ironic details. incidentally, the title of the film is one of the best i have ever come across, because it per-fectly summarizes the plot in a very ironic way. therefore, take my advice: watch this film, but if you don't chuckle, grin or smile during the first 10 minutes, forget it - it's not your type of film. ps. the only negative thing about this movie is that there seems to be no way to get hold of the screenplay - if you happen to know how, do tell me.

i found this film by mistake many years ago & wondered then (still do) why it didn't get the acclaim it should have. well written, beautiful acting, one ironic twist after another, and there is plausibility in what the nefarious characters are attempting. i would not recommend this film for people with short attention spans; it requires sufficient intelligence to comprehend that there maybe a kernel of truth in this story.

action. comedy. suspense. this movie has it all.the plot goes that 4 would be professional thieves are invited to take part in a heist in a small town in montana. every type of crime movie archetype character is here. frank, the master mind. carlos, the weapons expert. max, the explosives expert. nick, the safe cracker and ray, the car man. unfortunately for frank, he is apprehended by 2 bumbling detectives ( portrayed very well by ed o'niel and daniel roebuck ) that have been chasing him from new jersey write after he sends out the letters to the other 4.our 4 characters meet up at the train station and from the beginning none of them like or trust one another. added to the mix is the fact that frank is gone and they are not sure why they have called together.now frank is being taken back to new jersey by the 2 detectives but soon escapes on foot and tries to make his way back to the guys who are having all sorts of problems of their own.truly a great film loaded with laughs and great acting. just an overall good movie for anyone looking for a laugh or something a little different

i saw this movie with my dad. i must have been pretty young, around 15. it was on star movies one afternoon.the movie started a bit vaguely, but you could tell those robbers were gathering up for a score. it really caught pace after the first half hour.all the actors are great, especially blades and lou diamond. i guess it's the ensemble, they just play so well together. i can watch this film anytime.i think it is the relative stupidity of the plot and the characters trying to deal with a very weird score. the jokes are not corny but they are subtle and extreme at the same time that make them so hilarious.a perfect comedy for a lazy afternoon.

remember the early days of pay per view? i do, and i can almost remember the number you had to call to actually rent the movie on your t.v. as a kid we always wanted to rent playboy, but this meant actually calling someone from ppv and asking to rent it. and then you get the nerve to do it and your watching four hours of soft core no angle crap. well the reason i bring that up is because this movie too was on ppv. and i remember almost every scene that was in the add. i've been on a kick in the last few years to obtain all the great movies i use to see as a kid and this was one of them. it's one that when its on its hard to shut off. all star cast trying to commit the perfect bank bust but nothing goes right. there are plenty of spoof bank capers that are good and this one has to fall in that category. it has enough action and laughs to sustain it. check it out if you dare!

i couldn't agree more with nomad 7's and i a hvr's comments. a perfect laid back sunday morning movie. the humor is subtle (exact opposite of "slapstick" as one misguided commenter noted).but what always ceases to amaze me is how often i find myself wanting to come back to this movie over and over. i originally copied this movie onto vhs about 12 years ago when it was premiered on one of those pay cable free weekend previews(hbo maybe?). had never heard of it previously. don't know why it wasn't marketed that well. ?? when dvd's were released en mass, it was one of the first movies i replaced. a great combination of cast and writing. plus, the back drop of montana wilderness doesn't hurt things either (beautiful).it's probably not the type of comedy for everyone, but what is? if adam sandler type stuff is up your alley, this probably won't be your cup of tea. this movie needs your full attention. the humor is mostly in the dialog.i believe my next viewing will probably be about my 12th. but i still know that when it gets to the scenes like the one where the hoods of the police cars start blowing off, i'm going to loose it (ed o'neill's face is priceless!). recommended 110%.

i like this film for several reasons. i have a soft spot for films about intricately plotted criminal plots like topkapi. i also enjoy films (like topkapi and big deal on madonna street) that spoof the the genre. one of the best ones is disorganized crime.corbin bernsen has met four cons over the years, and he decides they can all be useful in a bank robbery he is planning in a small montana town. but he hasn't given any details on the crime to the fellows, nor do they really know each other at all. shortly after he sends for them bernsen is arrested by two new jersey policemen (ed o'neill and daniel roebuck) whom he escaped from before and have a warrant to bring him back. while he is in their custody the four cons (fred gwynne, lou diamond philips, ruben blades, and will russ) show up without a clue about why they are there except that bernsen was planning something. the first twenty minutes of the film deal with the four cons slowly getting used to each other, with gwynne and philips managing to push away their own suspicions to figure out they have to trust each other. at the same time we see bernsen patiently waiting for the right moment to escape from o'neill and roebuck again - not too difficult as they are not the brightest bulbs who ever existed. the result are two sets of plots that will keep juxtaposing against each other throughout the film: the four cons trying to figure out what bernsen's scheme was, and how to put it into operation, and bernsen trying to maintain his own freedom from his pursuers and regain his cabin (and hopefully find his gang there for him to take command of). there is also a third, smaller, plot involving the growing annoyance and anger of local sheriff hoyt axton against the idiots from new jersey who keep getting into his hair.there are many delightful moments in the film, such as axton, egged on by o'neil and roebuck, into surrounding a house in the town that bernsen is supposed to be hiding inside of, and yelling (through a megaphone, "come out, we have you surrounded!!", only to have the scene switch to a huge, montana plain that bernsen is struggling and stumbling through miles from where the police think he is at that moment. there are moments of misadventures by our four cons, who fortunately put the oldest (gwynne) into leadership position. this does not always guarantee anything. at one point their car won't start, and they have to thumb a ride by truck. unfortunately it is a truck carrying manure.the conclusion with the gang successfully carrying out the robbery, including disabling all the police cars at the critical time (philips specialty is cars) is also a gem of timing, suspense, and comic results. the film is very entertaining, and certainly worth watching.

i first saw this movie on cable about 5 years ago and i could not stop laughing. everything about this movie seemed to click, the storyline, the characters, the setting. as far as film is concerned i wouldn't call this a great movie but for what it is supposed to be it is fantastic. it gets it's meaning across. the cast is maybe as good as any ever put together in a comedy movie. corben berbson, fred gwynne, ruben blades, and ed o'neil are hilarious. for this who haven't seen it, i will give you a brief synopsis: four criminals meet up in a small town in montana after receiving a letter from their friend about a bank heist. however when their friend is arrested by two cops who chased him from new jersey, they try to figure out whats going on and all hell breaks loose. the film is truly a great bank caper comedy and is sort of like a poor mans version of oceans eleven, only with four criminals who can't stand each other, and in montana rather than las vegas. all in all if like to laugh i would strongly encourage you to see this movie.

i don't know why i like this movie so well, but i never get tired of watching it.

the plot is tight. the acting is flawless. the directing, script, scenery, casting are all well done. i watch this movie frequently, though i don't know what it is about the whole thing that grabs me. see it and drop me a line if you can figure out why i like it so much.

corbin bernsen's sent letters to four criminal associates he's worked with in the past and it's a real intergenerational mix with fred gwynne, lou diamond phillips, william russ, and ruben blades. they're to meet him in this obscure montana town and he doesn't explain why because he's then picked up by out of state police from new jersey on a warrant. of the criminal group that's been gathered together, they all know bernsen, but don't know each other. a lot of comedy involved is them feeling each other out. as the oldest gwynne though denying it kind of takes charge with the others grumbling, but going along. especially when they figure out what bernsen had in mind.as for bernsen, he's got the good fortune to be picked up by a pair of bumblers in ed o'neill and daniel roebuck. he gets the drop on o'neill and escapes.after that it's the four criminals trying to finish what bernsen started and bernsen getting away the police. in the intricately plotted screenplay, it's fascinating how both story lines keep intertwining with each other. hoyt axton as the local sheriff watches in amazement at what unfolds in his town.disorganized crime is a fabulously funny caper film by a bunch of players who seem mostly to have had a background in television or would soon. i can't say that anyone stood out in the cast they also seem to click so well together. ironically none of these people are comedians per se, but they all exhibit a light comic touch that good directing brought out. disorganized crime is one very funny caper movie, the kind of film that well known pessimist mr. murphy would have written.

another one for the babes & bullets crowd. the story is much edgier than any other musical i have seen: cannons hidden up the missing legs of females, and places each generatively in the other in a way that comes closer to intelligent comment than we might expect for the locale. more effective than contemporary 'drama.' it is hard identify with a woman who keeps a cannon up her pants -- in lue of leggage. pretty remarkable if you consider the context.despite the cannon up the leg thing providing 90% of the surprises, this film also chronicles how greed supersedes all other considerations in the lives of a group of yakuzas who pursue a woman who keeps up her leg a concealed cannon/rocket-launcher (hence no group shower scenes or thongs) the hidden projectile-launcher which is pulled out from the behind the protagonists back, seemingly from nowhere, in miike's dead or alive (1999), the torch brought forth out of thin air by the heroine towards the end of the original tomie (2000), or the harrowing flame-thrower scene in sunny gets blue (1992), all testify to an almost third-world cantinflas-esquire influence in the contemporary japanese cinema, of which i am at a loss to explain, but cannot complain.you won't see good quality movies of this essence made in hollywood, its all but extinct and with cheap crap they pump out for a cheap thrill, is all but laughable. this is a true film and while its great in its entirety, the ending is a brilliant, if not unblatant rip-off of certain sergio leon pictures, involving cannons where legs should be, and certainly is appropriate!

yet another remake of "fistful of dollars", sergio leone's remake of kurosawa's "yojimbo" (suggested by the novel 'red harvest').this one is strictly a b-movie; taken as that, it is rather enjoyable. the direction is crisp, the acting full of verve, the limitations of its 'direct-to-video' photography well-handled.the weakness of the film is in the disastrous decision to marry the 'fistful'/'yojimbo' plot to a sub-plot from leone's 'once upon a time in the west'. although leone directed both 'fistful' and 'west', his motivations behind the two films couldn't be anymore different. the 'man with no name' (eastwood) is a borderline socio-path with a soft spot for broken families. harmonica (chaeles bronson) is obsessed with his own broken family, and obsessed with revenge. these two characters would not have had much to do with each other. in order to bring them together, 'gun crazy' has to twist it's plot and complicate it until we lose track of which story we're actually following.but this is a b-movie after all, and filled with action and silliness; it's entertaining on that level, just don't expect anything more.

the story of "a woman from nowhere" is rather simple and pretty much adapted right out of a eastwood spaghetti western: a mysterious stranger comes into a lawless town run by a kingpin and starts shooting up the place. even the opening credits and music have that spaghetti feel: sergio leone and ennio morricone would be proud. the really interesting twists are that the stranger is a beautiful (!) woman, saki (ryoko yonekura) on a harley, and the location is in a town somewhere in japan.in this actioner, there's a considerable amount of gunplay, some of it good, some predictable, and other spots somewhat hokey, but it's a whole lot of fun. ryoko handles her guns with believability and aplomb and gives the thugs their due. it wasn't much of an acting challenge for her as it was a physical challenge, but she handled things very well. she shows her acting skills much more as otsu in the nhk drama, "musashi."i'd highly recommend film if you're a ryoko yonekura fan (which i adoringly am) and/or a "girls with guns" movie fan and it does hold up to repeated viewings. to me, there's something eminently and inexplicably appealing about "girls with guns" movies like "la femme nikita" and "the long kiss goodnight." and to have a gorgeous gal like ryoko starring in it as well is just gobs of icing on the cake.

its time to pay tribute to the great charton heston after his recent passing but this film is not the one. his other films of a past generation were ben hur, the ten commandents, omega man and planet of the apes were his better works.this film made in 1973 attempts to prophesies a future earth , in 2022, that is so overpopulated that the human race has been manipulated by authorities to eat a universally produced food product called "soylent green" which is manufactured with human flesh. this bizarre and implausible film was as ridiculous at the time of its release as it is now and assumes india's population which would be about 2 billion by that stage would be then meat eaters without knowing it.charlton heston's character this supers secret international conspiracy that world powers have concocted to meet the nutritional demands of overpopulation by using cannibalism.unfortunately for the producers of this film the green message they deliver is not the greens party of today's ethos thank god. cannibalism was practiced by the indigenous populations in new zealand , fiji and borneo up until only 40 years before this film was made but has been long abandoned by human civilization.another silly prediction in the film is that women become quasi sex slaves turning back the tide of radical feminism which was on the rise in 1972 when this film was made.the film was stupid then and is as silly now but does contain a very unmemorable last film performance by the late and great edward g. robinson but still no a valid reason to revisit the film other than for academic reasons.this is a dud of a film and i wouldn't even recommend it to baby boomers or charlton heston fans. all the other reviews of this film i have read all sound the same referring to a dystopian society in the future of which the centralised theme only seems to involve the usa in which an ecological disaster has occurred.the only merit in the film is that earth does face overpopulation.

in terms of the arts, the 1970s were a very turbulent era. in literature and the visual arts, it was the closing of a great fifty or sixty year period of creativity that has yet to be restarted. in music it was a decade that many see as a low point, due to corporate rock and disco. on television it was a golden age for situation comedies, from the odd couple to the mary tyler moore show to m*a*s*h to all in the family, but in film it was even a greater period of creativity, in all genres, that saw the rise of the american auteur- directors like robert altman, francis ford coppola, and martin scorsese- from the ashes of the old studio systems that had dominated hollywood for over half a century. these directors wanted to craft literate, arts films for the masses, of the sort that had been staples in europe since the end of the second world war. yet, the studios were trying to keep pace, with socially aware films of the sort not seen since the 1930s.but, unlike the films of the 1930s, starring actors like jimmy cagney and john garfield (usually co-starring the dead end kids), that dealt with social issues in a gritty realistic way, or as realistic as one could get on a sound stage, the social consciousness of the late 1960s and early 1970s manifested itself most in science fiction films, which allowed the left wing of hollywood to preach to the masses under the guise of what most considered little above comic strip entertainment. there was precedent for this approach, for several of the flying saucer films of the 1950s dealt with the political zeitgeist of the mccarthy era- most notably the day the earth stood still and invasion of the body snatchers. and the early 1960s saw rod serling constantly subverting the political conservatism of the time by casting social issues into science fiction settings on his classic sci fi television anthology show the twilight zone. among the studio offerings of this time were the ecologically sensitive silent running; george lucas's first film thx 1138, which dealt with consumerism, group think, and existentialism; and logan's run, which hammered away at communism and state control versus the rights of an individual. some of the film's references are quite heavyhanded- and reek of the then current arab oil crisis and rampant inflation. a few jarred strawberries cost $150, and soylent rations its assorted colored foods- soylent yellow, soylent red, and the new soylent green, reputedly made from 'the finest undersea growth,' in a manner not unlike the gas rationing of the time. scenes of food riots are eerie echoes of the oil riots at many gas stations during the year of the film's release, and the scenes of crowding, and bodies, live and dead, lying all about are still chilling, as well as influential. a later film like escape from new york is an obvious progeny. the rest of the script, by stanley r. greenberg, however, is rather pedestrian, and fairly standard for a dystopian flick, but fleischer and cinematographer richard h. kline do a great job of filling the screen with interesting images and sounds, to spice things up. the use of soft, dimly lit visuals, murkily filtered, add a stygian feel to the new york of the film, almost like a colorized version of carl theodor dreyer's vampyr. the only light in the film comes from artificial sources, and were it not for the fashion faux pas the film could truly seem timeless.the end of the film, where thorn sneaks into the processing plant where human corpses are made into soylent green wafers, is both chilling, and oddly drama-less. in the end, the soylent minions hunt thorn down, but he survives long enough to utter the film's catchphrase to chief hatcher. yet, one does not know if it is enough, for hatcher has already been co-opted, and has a track record of taking the easy way out. yet, that fact, and its ambiguity, shows that the film does not recapitulate its characters' dilemmas, and has a depth many later, better made films, sci fi or not, do not have. it is also why soylent green is still a film worth watching.

"soylent green" is one of the best and most disturbing science fiction movies of the 70's and still very persuasive even by today's standards. although flawed and a little dated, the apocalyptic touch and the environmental premise (typical for that time) still feel very unsettling and thought-provoking. this film's quality-level surpasses the majority of contemporary sf flicks because of its strong cast and some intense sequences that i personally consider classic. the new york of 2022 is a depressing place to be alive, with over-population, unemployment, an unhealthy climate and the total scarcity of every vital food product. the only form of food available is synthetic and distributed by the soylent company. charlton heston (in a great shape) plays a cop investigating the murder of one of soylent's most eminent executives and he stumbles upon scandals and dark secrets... the script is a little over-sentimental at times and the climax doesn't really come as a big surprise, still the atmosphere is very tense and uncanny. the riot-sequence is truly grueling and easily one of the most macabre moments in 70's cinema. edward g. robinson is ultimately impressive in his last role and there's a great (but too modest) supportive role for joseph cotton ("baron blood", "the abominable dr. phibes"). this is science-fiction in my book: a nightmarish and inevitable fade for humanity! no fancy space-ships with hairy monsters attacking our planet.

in this movie the year 2022 looks much like the seventies. this is amusing at first, but soon the viewer perceives how very different that decadent futuristic world is despite the appearances, how many things that we take for granted could become unavailable.characters often interact in a peculiar way, with no tact or manners or respect. i believe this is intentional, not bad acting. after all, who witnessed the social changes in the 60s and 70s may well assume that by 2022 an overpopulated city's inhabitants behave like that.i didn't like most of the action scenes, apart the death of the priest: too cheap even for the seventies. the plot isn't too polished. but the great scenes and ideas - like the death of sol, the way rioters and dead bodies are dealt with, the "furniture" - outweigh the shortcomings of this film.8 out of 10.

this movie has very good acting by virtually all the cast, a gripping story with a chilling ending, great music, and excellent visuals without significant special effects. it is interesting to note though that, like so much science fiction, its predictions for the future don't appear likely to come to pass as early as depicted. that's not to say we're out of the woods yet, but 2022 is now obviously too soon to be in this condition. it shares this failing with a fairly illustrious list of science fiction classics: "1984", "2001: a space odyssey (compare its space station with our international space station) and isaac asimov's "i robot" (positronic brains were to have been invented in the 1990's).

soylent green is a classic. i have been waiting for someone to re-do it.they seem to be remaking sci-fi classics these days (i.e. war of the worlds)and i am hoping some director/producer will re-do soylent green. with todays computer animation and technology, it would have the potential to be a great picture. anti-utopian films may not be that far-fetched. the human race breeds like roaches with no outside influence to curtail it. we, as humans, have the option of putting the kibosh on the procreation of lesser species if they get out of hand, but there's nothing to control human breeding except for ourselves. despite all the diseases, wars, abortions, birth control, etc. the human race still multiplies like bacteria in a petri dish. classic malthusian economics states that any species, including humans, will multiply beyond their means of subsistence. 6 billion and growing....that's obscene.

this movie came to me highly recommended by matt groening. well actually i watched both the simpsons and futurama and it gets a mention in both so i figured "what the heck". the film brings home a few "what if's" that make you realise how lucky we are in this day and age where we take simple things like soap and water for granted. interesting though that in the year 2022 men are still shaving with a single blade safety razor! nice that those responsible didn't over load the film with unnecessary special effects, ray guns, etc. some nice looking 'furniture' once you figure out what that means. remember, "tuesday is soylent green day"

in the '70s, charlton heston starred in sci-fi flicks of varying quality. "soylent green" is one of the better ones. he plays robert thorn, a detective in 2022 new york. in this future, most food is so expensive that everyone needs a product called soylent green. but when thorn finds out the unsavory truth about this product, he finds himself on the run.i guess that it's only natural that this movie should seem dated to us nowadays. but even so, it still brings up interesting questions about what will become of our agriculture. also starring leigh taylor-young, chuck connors, brock peters, joseph cotten and edward g. robinson (in his final role).

i've seen tons of science fiction from the 70s; some horrendously bad, and others thought provoking and truly frightening. soylent green fits into the latter category. yes, at times it's a little campy, and yes, the furniture is good for a giggle or two, but some of the film seems awfully prescient. here we have a film, 9 years before blade runner, that dares to imagine the future as somthing dark, scary, and nihilistic. both charlton heston and edward g. robinson fare far better in this than the ten commandments, and robinson's assisted-suicide scene is creepily prescient of kevorkian and his ilk. some of the attitudes are dated (can you imagine a filmmaker getting away with the "women as furniture" concept in our oh-so-politically-correct-90s?), but it's rare to find a film from the me decade that actually can make you think. this is one i'd love to see on the big screen, because even in a widescreen presentation, i don't think the overall scope of this film would receive its due. check it out.

this is a great movie but there could be more about soylent green. there should be more scenes of what they do to people. how people act in 2022. i think it would be neat to see if all this does happen in the year 2022 and beyond. even if you still know what the secret is it is a great movie. so go rent or buy this movie right now!!

not often have i had the feeling of a movie it could be visionary. but clearly this movie has the seed of a premonition.we should not tend to be alarmists and see armageddon in something because it seems to fit our emotions of the moment. but, didn't we say this of "1984" ? had james orwell known the internet becoming reality not long after 1984; in fact it was in 1994; he might have reconsidered writing his story the way he did. hindsight rewarded.it doesn't matter. what does matter is that we often regard ourselves as superior to our surroundings but indeed become emotional about a "love apple" when necessity knocks at our door. a snapshot of ourselves at old age.whatever the time-line will prove to be for us, i know for a fact we haven't seen the beginning of it yet.

especially for a time when not much science fiction was being filmed (1973), this is a terrific vision of a future where everything has gone wrong. too many people, and nothing works. the only people who can live in comfort are the rich. it's set in new york in 2022 (i think), and it reminds you of your worst vision of calcutta.i got to appreciate charlton heston's acting after seeing him in orson welles' touch of evil. he was (maybe is) capable of portraying a range of heroic or semi-heroic people. here, he is torn between being a cop who is just a little bit corrupt (taking rare food treats from the rich), and being totally corrupt (actively condoning evil). the movie all seems to take place at night, and sweat is dripping off everyone, except in one of the rare air-conditioned apartments. even though i hadn't seen it before, i knew the famous ending (which will not here be revealed), but the ending is certainly foreshadowed.great scenes with edward g. robinson: going to the council (made up of elderly jews with heavy accents, so it seems), where the truth is revealed. and then going off to the thanatopsis to check out.gritty, pre-star wars dystopian science fiction.

my evaluation: 8/10i like a lot this movie. compare to today brainless movie (just action and special effet and nothing new about ideas), "soylent green" ask to something that today doesn't exist anymore: to think.well it would not a big surprise a day human eat "cookies" which are create with body of human. with all what happen on this planet, and to see how people are so indifferent to all, this kind of future is possible.sure this movie take some age but the idea behind the movie is actual again. rich at paradise, other in the hell. well a luck today they are tv and idiocy like "reality show".tv is a good wash brain. it's pity to see that intelligence of human have not progress like technologies. since writing all stop.if you like reality show this movie is not for you. if you believe all politician same too. if you don't like ask yourself question about now and future well never look this movie.

soylent green i found to be an excellent movie.if you like logan's run you'll like this.yes the movie is old and there are no special effects and some of the acting can somewhat be best described as "cheesy" but the story is excellent.the story of how the world can be and its impact on society is very poignant.at the end the mystery wasn't a mystery but the story unfolded in an easy at the right pace.it's nearest modern day equivalent would be "dark angel" in terms of how the us is shown to be third-world country.

is this the future that awaits us? an overpopulated, unforgiving wasteland with a hellish, unwanted existence? this film brings to mind a problem that still plagues us, doubly so since the film was released in back in 1973. let's hope that the world isn't going to end up like this...soylent green is a wild movie that i enjoyed very much. it had likable characters, a semi-apocalyptic setting, a compelling and thought-provoking storyline, and the macho-est macho man out there: charleton heston. richard fleischer gave the movie a very unpleasant, dirty feel. you're almost choked by the stench from the city and its filthy inhabitants.the characters are wonderful. charleton heston, who has become one of my favorite actors, is thorn. the man created this role of badass, yet likable tough-guy. i could definitely put myself in thorn's shoes. he sees that something isn't right, but everyone around him either doesn't listen (more like paid not to listen) or wants him dead. edward g. robinson (in his last film, r.i.p.) plays the lovable old sol, who has had enough of this nasty place. everyone else is great, especially leigh taylor-young as shirl, a piece of "furniture" that comes with the apartment in which she resides.the special effects are fantastic, even for 1973. the soylent green factory, the futuristic apartments, and especially the "scoops" (bulldozers that get rid of people) were excellent. the polluted air outside looks disgusting and very nasty. the empty city streets filled with the vile and putrid people are very unsettling.one final note is the ending, which even now still shocked me. it is gruesome, but if you think about it, it's a pretty good idea.the bottom line: an excellent 70's science fiction flick that makes you think and leaves you feeling very uneasy.

truly amazing film, the concept as a possible prophetic vision of the future is frightening. a world vastly overpopulated, unbearable heat due to the damaged ozone layer, and all our natural resources spent. in this nightmarish degenerate society we have the great charlton heston as a likable film noirish style detective trying to fathom the truth behind a murder, opposite the film noir legend edward g robinson turning in a fine last performance.one of the images that will always stay with me from this film, is the masses of people that populate the stairwells and the way in which thorne (heston) has to hop through them every time he uses them.the movie's use of music is note worthy too, although it contains no score in the usual sense, the opening theme is good, and the subsequent snatches of music we here in simonson's apartment, and especially the beethoven pieces in the euthanasia clinic are outstandingly atmospheric.

nyc, 2022: the greenhouse effect, vanished oceans, grinding unemployment and scarcity of water, power and food.. and new york's population has topped 40 million. this is a little gem of a picture, not least because a resource-depleted future is a reality for us 21st century citizens. the low-budget opening titles of this movie are great: set to music, a low-tech 'tape-slide' sequence composed entirely of archive stills from the dawn of photography right up to 1973, depicts an unspoiled american pastoral developing into a polluted and crowded hell in less than 2 minutes. succinct and unambiguous, it's truly memorable. budget limitations are also behind rather unimaginative cinematography and other constraints, at odds with the story's brilliant premise. the police station sequences are like an episode of some 70's tv detective show, and the other interior sets look basic at best. the budget probably all went on trying to 'futurise' the soylent executive's 'chelsea west' apartment with state-of-the art goodies, meaning the other costumes are perfunctory, some establishing shots are bizarrely underpopulated and the daytime exteriors seemingly all shot through a smoke filter.the memorable scene where sol and thorn (charlton heston) share a meal of expensive and rare food neatly summarises their society: they enjoy real bourbon, lettuce, celery, tomato, apple, and beef, and we really sense their lip-smacking appreciation of someone else's wealthy privileges.robinson's pivotal death scene, in which his character is willingly euthenased at a place called 'home', depicts him immersed in images of the world's once-beautiful flora and fauna as he remembered them, beautifully contrasted with the jaundiced thorn's dawning realization that the future has been bankrupted, among other horrors.this is one smart film, and its core message is as pertinent today as it was in the early 70s. yes, i know we're not eating the dead yet, but with our resource-sapping longevity, spiraling poverty gap, corporate global capitalism and unchecked habitat destruction leading to climate change, the lasting prediction of 'soylent green' may come to pass.

the world of the 1973 sci-fi drama soylent green is what we could be seeing if we aren't careful. it is a world in which new york city's population has topped the 40 million mark in the year 2022. overpopulation, air pollution, year-long heat waves, and food shortages are the rule. the only hope comes from a food product called soylent green. but what is this particular food stuff really made of? that question is at the heart of this admittedly somewhat dated but still intriguing film, based on harry harrison's 1966 novel "make room! make room!" charlton heston stars as thorne, an nypd detective who comes across the murder of a top corporate executive (joseph cotten). as it turns out, cotten was on the board of directors of the soylent corporation, the people responsible for all those food stuffs that the people have to consume in lieu of the real thing. heston believes that this wasn't just a garden-variety murder, that cotten was bumped off for a reason. he gets a lot of help from his slightly cantankerous but very astute "book" (edward g. robinson, in his 101st and final cinematic appearance), and a few timely reminders of what the world used to be like. what robinson finds out about soylent green shocks him beyond all imagination; but before he can tell heston all of what he knows, he has himself euthanized. and when heston does indeed find out the secret of soylent green...well, that part has become immortalized into cinematic history.under the very professional guiding hand of director richard fleischer (the boston strangler; fantastic voyage), soylent green is a fairly grim but thought-provoking look at a dystopian future that humanity might be living if we don't curb our tendency to strip our planet of its natural resources. indeed, this was a project that heston himself had had in mind for filming as far back as 1968, after he had struck gold in the sci-fi genre with planet of the apes--a fact that probably gets lost whenever his ultra-conservative political philosophy comes up in conversation (after all, soylent green is hardly a tract for unrestrained capitalism). robinson, as always, is the consummate professional in his last role; the sequence where he is euthanized (as he looks at video of the world from a better era, set to the music of tchaikovsky, beethoven, and grieg) is quite simply heartbreaking. the film also benefits from solid supporting help from chuck connors (as a very convincing heavy), brock peters (as heston's superior), and leigh taylor-young as the woman who tries to help heston in his inquiries.it must seem easy these days to dismiss soylent green for being dated. but those who do it ought to think twice; for this film's world may end up becoming ours in actuality if we don't watch what we do with what we have today.

the time is the future and for many not aware of it, that day is now. in this final movie for legendary actor, edward g. robinson, "solent green" becomes a landmark classic. many a film buff and environmentalist believe this is our eventual history. the movie is taken from the novel entitled, 'make room, make room' but who's working title was changed to "solent green." the story concerns the earth as it evolves into the future with the world's environmental problems becoming nothing short of catastrophic. the planet's natural resources have been exhausted and basic food has been reduced to simple staples. they come in a variety of colors, such as solent yellow, solent red, and now 'solent green.' however there are those who know the 'real' ingredient in solent green and cringe at their own culpability and fear divine retribution. the first is a food executive named william r. simonson (joseph cotton). upon his death, a dedicated police detective called robert thorn (charleston heston) seeks the truth behind his apparent suicide. although corruption goes all the way to the top, it begins with simonsons' bodyguard, tad fielding (chuck connors) and security chief donnovan (roy jenson) who target thorn for a waste desposal factory. thorn's boss, lt. hatcher (brock peters) believes his suspicions but warns him of those 'higher and hot' who want the case closed, but thorn will not risk his "job" for an easy way out. what thorn discovers marks him for death, but like the film, awaits a final warning. ****

as with all environmentally aware films from the 1970s soylent green has a rather cheesy view of what ecological meltdown is . overpopulation means there`s too many people to feed ? i was under the impression that famines were caused by either war or failed economic policies . stalin`s policy in the soviet union in the 1930s left millions dead because of famine and to this day the greatest man made tragedy was mao`s rural policy in china which led over 30 million starvation deaths in the 1950s . and let`s not forget the great famines in the horn of africa in the 1980s and 90s which were to do with conflicts not overpopulation . you might like to also consider that two of the most heavily populated areas on earth , hong kong and macau , have never suffered a famine in modern times . likewise the expansion of shanty towns around cities as seen here isn`t strictly down to overpopulation - it`s down to economic factors where people flock to cities to find better paid work than in the countryside ( it`s a symptom of industrial progress - not of too many births ) so the image of the streets of new york city being too congested to walk through and of having people sleep in stairwells is somewhat laughablebut don`t be fooled into thinking soylent green is a pile of corny tree hugging crap because i consider this to be the best ecological film of the70s . it plays on the contempary audience`s knowledge of the world where sol and thorn are beside themselves with joy at finding fruit , brandy and fresh meat . thorn gasps in amazement at having ice in his whisky , puffs on a cigarette and delivers the classic line " if i could afford it i`d smoke two , maybe three of these a day " . but it`s the visage of the euthanasia chamber that`s memorable as thorn gazes at the images of wild animals , flowers , running water and snow covered mountains , a world thorn`s generation has never known . this is a very haunting scene which makes soylent green a very memorable film , combined with the fact it features the final screen appearance of edward g robinson as the wise old jew sol roth

this was a very thought provoking film, especially for 1973. at the time it was actually a huge box office success. after the 1970s it appeared to be forgotten, but its central messages were too important to disappear completely.it was actually at least fifteen years ahead of its time...no one had ever heard of the 'greenhouse effect'before 1985, and the controversial subject of euthanasia was rarely brought up.the sets and special effects might look a little outdated, but big money for sci fi films was a gamble in that period. if you look closely you will see everything usually makes sense. this is a message movie, not for zonked out star wars fans that cant sit through one minute of thought stimulation unless it contains a million bucks worth of explosions.this was also hestons last good film, the end of his famous dystopian sci fi trilogy. after that it was all overblown disaster epics and big budget crowd pleasing trash. this might not be the most amusing two hour movie ever made, and the ending might be creepy and depressing, but its hard to find any film producer with guts anymore who would tackle a subject like this.

the only other film besides soylent green that has such an air of hopelessness is on the beach. both films deal with the consequences for the species and the planet from man made cataclysms. on the beach with nuclear war and soylent green with the environmental poisoning of the planet.maybe there's cause for some optimism because as of 2007 we haven't reached either of the worlds described in those films and we were supposed to by now. new york city still has about 8 million people not the 22 million by the turn of the millenia as described in soylent green. environmentalists always hail this film as showing the consequence of global warming. for myself it also shows the right to life ethic run amuck. obviously there's no family planning in this world either.charlton heston is an nypd detective who lives with room mate edward g. robinson who's old enough to remember the earth before catastrophe struck. there's been a murder committed, joseph cotten an executive with the soylent corporation, a multi-national concern that has come up with a food product, some kind of wafer in many colors to feed the world's population. it's latest product is soylent green.the investigation finds charlton heston getting his man, but also it leads to some horrifying truths about the soylent corporation and the future of mankind. as heston shouts in the end that soylent green is made of people, that we've become a race of cannibals, the horrifying thing is that there is no alternative. we've exhausted the planet and we have to eat our dead to survive.this was the farewell performance of edward g. robinson and in his memoirs heston spoke movingly of robinson even though they had differing political views. a few weeks after robinson wrapped that final scene of his screen demise by consented euthanasia, he passed away in real life. not many did, but heston knew that robinson was terminally and there was no acting involved in that final death scene between the two of them.though the timetable was off, it doesn't mean that the world envisioned by soylent green may not come to pass. hopefully we'll have not just the intelligence, but the sense of shared responsibility to keep that from happening.

i watched this film sort of by accident, having bought it as the b side on the omega man dvd. the omega man was a bit of a disappointment - except for the beginning, which was clearly the inspiration for 28 days later, the rest of it is just the stuff of tv movies. but soylent green is in a whole other league. i bet this is one of tarantino's favourites. there are at least 3 scenes in the film that i've never seen anything like before. heston casually getting into bed with the "furniture" while discussing something else completely unrelated! a whole crowd of people being scooped up by a fleet of mechanical diggers! a priest taking confession and being shot by the confessor. ok maybe that's been done since - but there aren't many films that are so consistently original like this. and what the heck is going on between heston and edward g. robinson? is this the most unlikely gay couple ever, or what? luckily, i saw this film without knowing the ending - which apparently is rare. then i watched it again, and enjoyed all the little clues that make the long early scenes worthwhile. a very nice script - and some great sets too. just when you thought you'd seen everything . . .

this is a brilliant sci-fi movie that is very strange in how men and women both view the same film. i have talked to many people about the film and almost every guy loved it and said it was brilliant--while most women thought it was just disgusting and stupid! this is the only movie i know of that has such polarized views based on gender. perhaps many women just have a lower tolerance for disgusting or depressing plots--but whatever the cause, i have always found this difference fascinating.the film begins with a murder and a subsequent investigation headed by charlton heston. this is set in the near future and the head of the huge international soylent corporation has been assassinated. as the film unfolds, you quickly realize this is a terrible and highly inequitable future american society. the rich live in gorgeous apartments with security and all the pleasures money can buy(including "furniture"--a euphemism for paid mistresses that come along with the apartment). at the same time, the masses are dirt poor, unemployed and in many cases living in abandoned cars or apartment hallways. overpopulation and smog have taken a severe toll and the future looks awful indeed! why the rich man died and the awful truth he could not live with i really should not discuss--it could ruin the film for you. however, the film has a great plot and acting and is super-exciting to watch. plus, it features edward g. robinson in his final screen performance as the crusty sidekick to heston. though not for the easily depressed or squeamish, this is a great sci-fi film that is allegorical and profound.

very interesting. the big twist wasn't as big a shock as maybe they had hoped for and it was very dated but it did get my mind working. it really got me thinking about a world without vegetation or livestock and made me appreciate the world i live in a lot more. charlton heston does a good job, as do all the supporting characters, and it was a very realistic film which was surprising. it lacked direction at times and a lot of the settings and background needed more explanation but it was still a surprisingly good and intelligent movie. the main fault that i could find was that i didn't want the film to end when it did, i would have liked to see what happened next.7/10

soylent green is...a really good movie, actually.i never would've thought it. i don't really like heston in his sci-fi efforts. he's one of those actors who, like superman, manages to come across all sneery and invincible most of the time. i prefer more vulnerable heroes. and indeed, he sneers his way through much of soylent green, too, but as he's supposed to be playing an overconfident bully i don't really mind.i can understand why some people would turn their noses up at this movie. soylent green makes no effort whatsoever to create futuristic visuals (what do you know - it looks just like 1973), and it's lacking in action. but i admired the film's vision of a complex, corrupt, and highly stratified society, and i was so pleased to see that edward g. robinson had such a moving, funny final role. nice little character moments - like when he shares some precious food with heston - really make the movie.the message of soylent green is pretty relevant these days, when nobody seems to know what the hell the government or corporations are up to. funny, isn't it, to see heston in a prototype michael moore movie...

i saw soylent green back in 1973 when it was first released and maybe another eight times over the years on t.v. or video. it was always one of my favorite sci-fi and/or charlton heston films.recently, the egyptian theater in l.a. had a twelve film charlton heston retrospective. i flew in from out of state to see six of the films over a two day period. soylent green looked great on the large egyptian screen with a perfect new print. from its opening montage to the going home scene to the great ending the film was fantastic.charlton heston as a cop who lives in a dog eat dog world with few natural resources left and no understanding as to how the world used to be and eddie robinson as a man who remembers the past are both great.their chemistry together is wonderful. the film also looks so much better in a great 35mm print. fleisher really knows how to fill the screen,and the cinematoraphy, writing, music used, and everything about it works. the film is also very powerful in its bleak and very possible view of the future. just think how the world population grew, the rain forest that disappeared, resources used up, green house effect getting worse since 1973. i just wonder why this film has not played in theaters all these years. its reputation should be better.speaking of reputations, often people speak as if charlton heston is not a great actor. seeing him in el-cid, soylent green, the warlord, the omega man, will penny, and major dundee back to back i am convinced he is one of our best actors. of course he made about a dozen other great films and for those that care you know what they are.

this was eddie robinson's 101st film and his last, and he died of cancer nine days after shooting was complete. all of which makes his key scene in the movie all the more poignant.although some of the hair and clothing styles are a bit dated (also note the video game shown in the film), but the subject of the film is pretty much timeless. heston said he had wanted to make the film for some time because he really believed in the dangers of overpopulation.several things make this film a classic. the story is solid.the acting is top-notch, especially the interplay between heston and robinson, with nice performances also by cotten and peters.the music is absolutely perfect. the medley of beethoven, grieg, and tchaikovsky combined with the pastoral visual elements make for some truly moving scenes. this was the icing on the cake for the film.and the theme (or the "point") of the film is a significant one. yes, it's a film about overpopulation, but on a more important note it's a cautionary tale about what can go wrong with man's stewardship of earth. it's in the subtext that you find the real message of the film. pay attention to what sol says about the "old days" of the past (which is our present), and note how thorn is incapable of comprehending what sol is saying.this film is one of my top sci-fi films of all time.

i discovered this film after reading the book that inspired it. it is not a strictly biographical film; it is "loosely based" on the facts. but i found it a compelling and eerie exploration of evil and madness, and michel serrault gives an unforgettable performance as dr. petiot.there are many memorable images in this movie; petiot traveling through the night like a vampire, his black cloak flapping behind him, is almost iconic. there are also several touches of expressionism - petiot's crooked silhouette mounting the stairs leading from the cellar where the butchered remains of his victims await cremation, reminds me of some scenes from 'nosferatu'.but i found the primary appeal of this movie to be aural. the soundtrack is loaded with ominous sounds, starting with the foreboding music of the opening credits, accompanied by wordless wailing. petiot lives and runs his medical practice in a complex with many small shops, and there is a persistent background noise of knives being sharpened somewhere, as well as a peddler playing eerie tunes on a saw. there are animal noises as well - the concierge keeps a goat, unseen cats howl - and later in the film we see hapless cattle being herded through an underpass. the whole atmosphere is unsettling, with overtones of violence and slaughter.not only animals, but human voices are often heard - the screams of gestapo victims, petiot's patients in his waiting room, monitored by a listening device, just the same as the suspected collaborators after the war are monitored in their cells. even the action of the film is often arranged so that we hear the voices of the participants without seeing them - when petiot goes to see mme kern, we hear her singing as she works, her voice echoing in the theater, before we ever see her. and even when she does appear, she is often filmed from behind, her voice calling out to her husband, whose voice calls out to her in conversation. disembodied voices echo in large halls, and their owners, when seen at all, are photographed at a distance, so we cannot actually see them speaking. this is a ghost story, and these are the voices of ghosts - many of them petiot's future victims.yet petiot himself is often only a voice; his frightening laughter echoes as he retreats from the camera, throwing comments behind him or into the air to nobody. in a way, he is as much a ghost as those he murders. he is always frantically busy, scurrying from appointment to appointment, never at rest. but his activity is that of a machine - lifeless and imperturbable. it is interesting that among all the horror and danger of occupied paris, petiot alone is unafraid; he is amused, enthusiastic, angry, irritated, contemptuous, but never afraid, unlike those real people he lures to their deaths. it is no surprise that he boasts of his mechanical inventions, including a perpetual motion machine (a true detail from the book - he did claim to have invented many machines); he is a sort of perpetual motion machine himself. and mechanical imagery is everywhere in the film, from the opening giant wheel in the movie house, to petiot's bicycle (with its squeaking wheels echoing the sound of sharpening knives), to the victrola he keeps winding up to play music before he makes a kill. even his routine with his victims is mechanical - write a note to your wife, let me disguise you before you leave, you need a vaccination, barcelona, casablanca, dakar - like a well-oiled machine, the routine is always the same, just as the record is always the same.maeder, the author, says that it was the clockwork perfection of his crimes that weighed so heavily against petiot at his trial. his system was as smooth and efficient as a nazi concentration camp, and this may be why the movie invents a subplot of petiot's involvement with the french gestapo and the occupying nazis. unfortunately, it doesn't quite work as part of the story, because it's very hard to figure out just what petiot is doing for the collaborators, or what is going on when he ends up at their headquarters in the middle of the night. disposing of bodies? hiding stolen goods? it's hard to say, and harder to believe; it's not likely the state would turn to a freelancer like petiot.but it does remind us of the duality of evil people; petiot is a robber and a murderer, but he is also a devoted father and husband. just as we learned that hitler loved dogs, and that nazis guilty of the worst war crimes could also be loving fathers and family men, so we have to recognize that petiot could commit unspeakable horrors and yet also function normally. his insanity is easily camouflaged by the insanity and horror of the wartime situation in paris; when killing, robbing and disappearing are happening all around, nobody pays attention as petiot tosses more corpses on the pile.

this is easily a 9. michel serrault, known more for comic roles in the earlier part of his acting career, does a stunning, even worryingly stunning job of impersonating dr petiot, a legendary french serial killer.he is just so believable at every and any moment in the film, that the actor completely disappears behind the character - only the very best ever achieve this feat, and when they do it is only in a handful of parts at best.the whole story (a real story which happened in 20th century france) is so powerful, so sinister - it makes for a very strong film that one remembers for a long, long time.

docteur petiot, starring michel serrault, is a brutal story about a brutal man. a doctor who heals the sick in occupied france, even if their ability to compensate is not there. yet, he preys on the weakest amidst the populace. the imagery and cinematography are superb, and lend an additional macabre feeling to this complex story. he is the perfect psychopath. seductive and altruistic, intelligent and caring, calculating and murderous. a movie certain not to be forgotten soon by the viewer. kudos to mr. serrault, for his chilling portrayal.

having never heard of this film until i saw the rental dvd i as a bit sceptical, there have been many films in the past with good ensemble casts that can't do anything film a bad script, and in some cases don't seem to care.well having just watched it there was no reason not to give this movie a theatrical release, it is good. the story like most in this genre can seem a little forced at times but there does appear to be a good amount of realism here too that allows the momentum to carry. i was pleasantly surprised at how good a job justin timberlake does here too with such a major role, ok he's not oscar material yet, but he'll learn with each role and he shows a lot of promise for the future here. dylan mcdermott too was amazingly good in his unexpectedly nasty role and is definitely the cream of the crop in this movie.ultimately, just give it a go. you won't be disappointed, you won't be bored, in fact, i think you'll be more than happy with the end result.

first of all, this film was not released to theatres (tested poorly they say),i say they figured the story of crooked cops, politicians & dedicated newspaper people had been done to death,just send it dvd & cable tv> & take the money & run.that being said i usually like this type of movie, especially with this named cast. morgan freeman, justin timberlake, kevin spacey,l.l.cool j, cary elways, john heard & on the distaff side, piper perabo & roslyn sanchez.the plot & story have been done to death, but the above cast brings life to this violent movie & it is actually watchable.justin timberlake is good as the dedicated young reporter for a throw-away newspaper edited by morgan freeman, the others are either crooked cops,& politicians or somewhat decent guys, the 2 ladies are the girl friends of ll cool j & justin timberlake & do whats required, it is quite violent, many killings etc, not for children. by no means is the a great film, but for what it is & the cast it is definitely good,ratings *** (out of 4) 86 points (out of 100) imdb 8 (out of 10)

i thought it was a pretty good movie and should have been released in theaters first. it wouldn't have been a big blockbuster but it would have made some pretty good money. the movie has suspense and makes you wonder just how much of this is going on in the real world. justin timberlake did a good job. i wasn't expecting justin timberlake to do that good a job. considering it is his first movie he did a good job. this is a movie that is good to pick up and watch when you just don't know what you want to rent that night. it should go pretty well. the cast was great. so i highly recommend that everyone checks this movie out!

though this movie has a first rate roster of fine actors, special effects that are excellent, and a story line that is full of surprises, it wasn't picked up for studio distribution and went directly to dvd. perhaps it contains too much 'anti-police force' information, or perhaps it is juts one too many action flicks released during a glut, but whatever the reason the big screens missed the opportunity, fortunately the new concept of releasing direct to dvd allows us to enjoy it.the theme is old: rookie reporter uncovers an inner circle of cops that are corrupt - in this case the f.r.a.t. (first response assault and tactical) team, a group of well trained policeman created to clean up the mythical city of edison from its low point of crime, drugs, prostitution etc. working undercover the temptation of pocketing the confiscated goods and money proves too much of an opportunity and now, 15 years after its formation, frat is responsible for murder, drug trafficking, terrorizing innocent people etc. the lead dog is lazerov (dylan mcdermott, who makes a terrifyingly real gangster!) and his partner rafe deed (ll cool j, even more buff than usual and proving he can be a sensitive actor). reporter pollack (justin timberlake) catches wind of a 'bad mistake' and reports his theory of fraud and corruption to his paper's boss ashford (the always reliably fine morgan freeman). gradually polack convinces ashford and subsequently wallace (kevin spacey, also a consistently fine character actor) and they aid pollack in this investigative reporting. the closer pollack gets to the truth the more surprises and bad incidents happen and the story runs pall mall toward a series of unexpected results.timberlake lacks the charisma to carry the lead, especially in the company of such seasoned actors. but ll cool j, freeman, spacey, and mcdermott keep the well-oiled machine of a movie rolling to the very end. no, it is not a great movie, but it is one that makes for an edge of the seat action flick with a message. grady harp

first off, i'm not some justin timberlake fangirl obsessed with making him look good, in fact i'm not even a huge justin fan, but i did like this movie.i work at a video store and when i saw this movie with its huge cast that i'd never even heard of i had to see what it was about. i didn't find justin's acting that bad, it was clearly the worst out of the group, but it's a pretty impressive group, with cary elwes and dylan mcdermott being two names that didn't even make the first credits list. the story is basic, a journalist uncovering corrupt cops, but i found it well done. l l cool j's character was clearly conflicted, but i honestly didn't know what he would do in the end. morgan freeman is as always, the wise mentor figure he does so well, and as much as i love kevin spacey, he was kind of just there. his character didn't have a whole lot of substance, but it's kevin spacey, he can do no wrong.surprisingly i thought dylan mcdermott gave the best performance as a homicidal cop. truly believable and really in character, he freaked me out a couple of times.i was really expecting a lot of cheesiness to be honest. horrible catchphrases, unjustified action sequences, stuff like that, but it was surprisingly well done and i didn't find any of that. every shooting had a point, it wasn't clichéd, pretty solid really.overall, amazing cast, decent story that kept me interested and just enough action to make me jump. i don't know why it didn't appear in theatres, it was better than some garbage i've seen on the big screen. i would say it's worth seeing.

steven spielberg (at 24) had already directed two superb episodes of a 1971 series called "the psychiatrist", starring roy thinnes. one episode had been about an emotionally troubled 12-year old boy and the other was about a vibrant young man (clu gulager in his best performance) who is dying of cancer. both episodes were stunning, visually unlike anything else on tv, and emotionally complex and adult. the creators of "the psychiatrist" were richard levinson and william link, who created "columbo" and also produced its first season.peter falk insisted on first rank, experienced tv directors for the first season of "columbo", like bernard kowalski and jack smight. but falk agreed to spielberg after watching part of the clu gulagher episode of "the psychiatrist".spielberg says on the dvd of "duel" that he loved steven bochco's "murder by the book" script (based on a levinson/link story), and he tried to make the production look like a million dollar feature, even thought he had a lot less money to work with.this episode of "columbo" is far more visually stylish and makes better use of the sound track and background music than almost any other "columbo" episode, even though the series always used top directors. spielberg manages to keep the great falk and cassidy from hamming it up too much, but both actors are still a lot of fun. spielberg also gets fine supporting work from martin milner, rosemary forsyth and barbara colby. all the performances have a freshness and vitality about them. the only "columbo" episode that was close to being as well directed is the "by dawn's early light" episode with patrick mcgoohan (directed by harvey hart).i think the two episodes of "the psychiatrist" and this episode of "columbo" suggest spielberg hasn't developed technically all that much as a director. he was great from the beginning. in a "combat!" dvd commentary of a 1962 episode guest starring albert salmi, robert altman says that episode was pretty much as good as he ever got as a director. maybe the same is true of spielberg.

there is no such a thing as perfect murder.lieutenant columbo knows that.ken franklin, who is the other half of the writing team of detective stories doesn't know that.he kills his partner jim ferris who had plans on going solo.now columbo steps into the picture and asks all sorts of questions from mr. franklin.and returns for one more question.columbo: murder by the book (1971) is directed by the young steven spielberg before his days of fame.steven bochco wrote it.columbo is a fantastic character with his shabby look.it's hard to believe this man could solve any crime.but he could.each and every one of them! peter falk is the one and only person in the world that could portray this character.so no remakes, please.this part is a very good example of how columbo worked.jack cassidy plays the murderer and martin milner plays the victim.rosemary forsyth plays the victim's wife joanna ferris.there's something endearing in the scenes between columbo and her.how he makes the omelet and everything.barbara colby plays lilly la sanka.she actually met a tragic fate when she died after a homicide like she does here.i've been a fan of columbo since childhood and i still enjoy watching them.there was a break for many years that they weren't showing columbo stories at all but now he's back.back for one more question.

this is the columbo that got directed by steven spielberg at an early point in his career. it's nothing sensational but some small hint of great things to come for spielberg can be seen in this movie. the movie is basically in the same style as most of spierlberg's '70's movies and tv works. so that means that some characters tend to show some quirkiness's and no i'm not just talking about the columbo character alone. the kind of character quirkiness which perhaps can be best seen in the 1975 spielberg movie "jaws". but other than some small hints of typical early spielberg elements, you can't call this movie the work of- and fine example of a rising director star. not that its bad, of course it isn't but as i said earlier, it also isn't anything too sensational.this movie began really well and very promising but after it's fine opening, in which as always the murder occurred, the movie became sort of more slow and also dull to watch. dull because it's mostly a columbo movie by the book that doesn't have real memorable moments in it, not dull because it's a boring movie to watch.the murder itself was quite ingenious and the concept of having a crime story writer murdering his writing partner showed some great and interesting potential. the story however didn't really explored all of its possibilities. at least that's the feeling this movie left me with.the movie was still a good one to watch nevertheless thanks to the character of jack cassidy, who thinks he's smarter then columbo, due to his mystery/crime writing experience and tries to give him all kinds of possible hints, leading away from himself. but of course columbo knows better and he is his number one suspect from the first moment on but he as usual plays the game along.the movie does have a good overall style and uses some fine camera position and editing. funny to see that also most of this was all mostly consistent with spielberg's later work, especially some of the camera-angles.a fine and perfectly watchable columbo movie but don't let the name of spielberg attached to it rise your expectations for it too highly.7/10

casting jack cassidy as ken frankin was sheer brilliance. cassidy personified arrogance, confidence, charm and wit - all with a condescending, evil little smirk on his face. in my opinion, jack cassidy is by far the best murderer (having appeared three times) in the columbo series. this particular (and first) performance, is my favorite columbo episode ever - hands down. a fresh faced steven spielberg did amazing camera work (yes, there were a couple of camera shadows on the actors at times)capturing the nuances and banter at different and intriguing angles between columbo and franklin. also, the panoramic and tight in shots at big bear lake, ca (franklin's cabin home) were very impressive.if you have not yet seen this episode, then you owe it to yourself to do so - it's a true masterpiece.jack cassidy was a very talented actor and singer. his charismatic personality was highly infectious. his death in 1976, at age 49 was very sad and indeed very tragic - he surely had his best years ahead of him. rest in peace jack, you will live on for eternity through your great work.

along with patrick mcgoohan and robert culp, jack cassidy was an iconic columbo villain. the very first "proper" episode of columbo, following two standalone pilots, "murder by the book" is not far off classic status.jack cassidy plays ken franklin, one half of a murder mystery writing partnership. his partner jim is the talented one, whereas ken has no talent other than the gift of the gab and a skill for promoting the books. as soon as jim has decided he no longer requires ken's marketing skills, ken hatches a plot to kill jim. except it's not a new plot, it's actually the implementation in real life of a murder storyline originally intended for one of their books.it doesn't take columbo long to work out that ken is the murderer, although unfortunately another murder has to take place (ken romances and then kills a key witness) before columbo has enough evidence to secure a conviction.nothing whatsoever wrong with "murder by the book", but it's not quite top-notch. i would just give "publish or perish" the edge over this: both episodes feature jack cassidy and the world of publishing, but "publish or perish" is a fraction more tense and unpredictable. but this is still a great episode.

the story for the first-aired television installment of "columbo" is simple: one-half of successful mystery-writing team does away with the other, frames an unseen mafia group, is blackmailed by an admirer, does away with the admirer, and is tricked up by the stalwart columbo.with that said, this is still one of the most entertaining in the show's history, benefiting tremendously by the work of the late jack cassidy and star peter falk.besides the notability of being directed by a young steven spielberg, the episode also has a air of the macabre because of the future of two of its stars: cassidy and barbara colby. the two share several scenes together and it is poignant that both would die tragically within a decade of this filming, cassidy in an apartment fire and colby at the hands of assailants, yet to be found after over three decades.now, both demises are true-life mysteries!

this columbo episode is probably noted more for the director, steven spielberg, as one of his early films. it should be looked at for jack cassidy's role as the murderer who kills his partner in writing to maintain his lifestyle. jack cassidy would appear in a later columbo. after all, columbo meets his match in jack cassidy's character. he is a mystery writer who plots to perform the perfect murder. after his first murder, his next victim would be the annoying general store owner/widow who would blackmail him for money. rather than losing more money, he kills her. it is very entertaining to watch cassidy and falk as always. falk's familiarity as columbo makes him watchable after viewing this episode repeatedly over the years. what television today forgets about the success of years is that people will want to watch the shows again and again if they like the characters. it's not about who does it, how and why, it the familiarness of columbo and his likability which scores high with viewers like myself.

this was the first televised episode of the columbo series (although it was filmed after "death lends a hand")and it heralded one of the most successful tv series in history.jack cassidy (who played the murderer in the series three times) enthuses smugness, arrogance and self-assuredness in equal measure here, as ken franklin, one half of a mystery writing team who hatches an elaborate plot to kill off his partner, jim ferris (played by martin milner) who decides to terminate their professional relationship, leaving franklin exposed as merely a good publicist rather than a prolific writer.the initial murder set-up is fantastic and cassidy's performance facilitates an arguable accolade that he was the best columbo murderer in the series.peter falk is wonderfully understated in his role as columbo and the character's inherent traits and oddities, which are underlined by a seeming slowness and absent-mindedness, contrast particularly well with cassidy's character's extreme smugness: one of their early scenes together where ken franklin fabricates a motive for the killing through jim ferris's non-existent expo-see of identifying hit-men operating in the underworld exemplifies this very well. franklin hints to columbo this potential motive and columbo (purposely or ignorantly) fails to latch on, forcing franklin to express his disappointment in a markedly patronising manner and compare him unfavourably with the detective in the books, mrs. melville.also, noteworthy is the early directorial contribution of 24 year old steven spielberg. notwithstanding, some elementary inclusions of cameras shadowing the actors and actresses, he adds some stylish and elaborate touches to uphold the general professionalism of the episode. one particularly stark image is of jim feriss's dead body lying on the settee, almost dark in the foreground, as ken franklin raises a glass to him in the background after he finishes answering a phone call to ferris's distraught wife. i have no doubt that working to a restrictive 10-14 day schedule, spieberg's efforts should not be underestimated.unfortunately, the event of the second murder, necessitated by a blackmailing scheme which is plotted by a female friend of franklin's (and ironically referred to as "sloppy" by columbo in his climatic summing up) takes the steam out of the whole thing. the cutting edge of the plot is compromised and the screen-time between falk and cassidy inexcusably lessens at this point to perhaps help the script-writer (stephen bocho) out of a tight corner, since he cannot singularly develop the story without another murder.the climax is the most disappointing aspect of this episode. the initial banter and exchange of words between falk and cassidy is strongly and effectively executed, but it merely advertises the fact that it should have happened more in the episode. the main aggravation lies with the sealing clue (if it can be called a clue): cassidy's character's hitherto smugness and arrogance is amazingly expelled by a clue that really does little to imply his guilt; and once this is mentioned, he capitulates in a rather unspectacular and uncharacteristic fashion.all in all, a bold opening to the series, which inevitably advertises and foretells all that is good about columbo, and, conversely, the problems associated with such ingenuity, i.e maintaining the high standards and particularly, creating a credible and suitably intelligent ending.

i love this movie. it was one of my favorite movies. the action never stops. the whole movie was done very well. the ending is really good. ontop of it being action filled, they even have a surprised put in there for you. when i saw what the movie was about on the internet i was kind of not sure if i wanted to see this movie, but sense i am such a big luke perry fan i decided to give it a chance. i am glad that i did give it a chance because this was a very well though out movie. it was very original. whoever thought up this movie gets a standing ovation from me. the acting was great. luke perry did an excellent job once again. i give this movie the highest rating.

this movie was pretty good. the acting was great, and there were some really great actors in it like, buchholz and roger moore. this film is full of surprises. confusing at times...yes, but the twists and turns of the plot always keeps you in suspense. the only thing that this movie had too much of was exploding cars.

the cast is excellent, the acting good, the plot interesting, the evolvement full of suspense...but it is hard to cram all those elements into a film that is barely 80 minutes long. if more time was taken to develop the plot and subplots, it would have a much better effect. another 30 minutes of substance would have made this a very good film rather then just a good one.

not as bad a film as i thought it would be.it has a good cast.nice to see roger moore back on screen as well as the use of other british actors.would like to see more of olivia d`abo in future projects.maybe starring opposite her cousin the sexy maryam d`abo.also a good use of unseen locations such as luxembourg.hopefully we will see more uk-european co-productions like this.

the premise is a bit better than the execution, but that doesn't mean the film is worth a look. splendid supporting cast makes this a fun mystery to unravel. raines is great as the resourceful woman determined to solve this puzzlement. i always enjoy thomas gomez.

pretty good picture about a man being in the wrong place at the wrong time. if the murderer wanted to whack the dame, why not just off her and let the cops try to figure out whodunnit? involving all these characters in the plot is dangerous, not to mention all the mouths you'd have to worry about staying shut. why did the depressed lady go out to the bar when she could barely sit up in a chair or say a word? are there really cops out there who are wise cracking, gum popping, grinning apes who approach a suspect in such a glib manner? this probably played well back before the wheel was invented, but it is so corny and unbelievable today. catch the manic drum break by elisha cook; his frenetic hammering never once matched the recording. his mad facial expressions made up for the off kilter stick sync.

ella was excellent, franchot was unavoidably over-the-top (but he played similar parts in other films such as "the man on the eiffel tower") and alan was nearly non-existent but the film certainly "thrilled".*mild spoiler ahead*: i wonder how many times elisha cook got strangled in his films but i seem to recall various other examples. i will avoid naming the murderer but i think it's necessarily obvious because of the plot "thriller" demands.a very well-done but dated film noire (for example: everyone smoked like crazy and the police were really stock characters. and no dead bodies were ever shown, unlike today's gore fests.) done in the familiar short-scene tableaux format of the period.8 out of 10.

this is a film which had eluded me thus far but, now that i've watched it, emerges as one of the major entries in the noir style. as usual with the divx format, the viewing was far from ideal – marred by the occasional video and (mostly) audio glitches – but, given that the film is still unavailable on r1 dvd, this will have to do for the moment. since the film's reputation is quite high within the genre itself, i assume that the reason behind this oversight is because it does not have a well-known actor in the lead.anyway, the belated entrance of the film's nominal star – franchot tone – packs quite a wallop (especially as he is shown to be the villain from the first)! tone was a underrated actor – he was rarely given meaty roles, and this may well be his best (making his paranoiac both fascinating and believably dangerous). the female lead – ella raines, who would later feature in brute force (1947) as well as siodmak's own the suspect (1944) and the strange affair of uncle harry (1945) – is quite lovely and capably takes on the role of the distraught secretary out to prove her convicted boss (alan baxter) innocent of his wife's brutal murder. other key supporting parts are essayed by thomas gomez as the initially bullying but ultimately sympathetic police investigator, and elisha cook jr. – the genre's quintessential fall guy – as an ill-fated "ladies' man" of a percussionist.like brute force's jules dassin, siodmak was on a noir roll at this point in his career and this film definitely benefits from his superb direction – all tilted angles and terrific set-pieces, including the justly celebrated jazz sequence in which cook manically beats on his drums in a sexual frenzy brought on by the sluttishly-attired raines (who is putting on an act to get his attention and eventually drive him to confess that he withheld evidence at the inquest which could spring her resigned lover from jail). another great, lengthy sequence is the one in which raines follows a bartender (another uncooperative witness) around the streets of new york – which results in his being mowed down by a car! notable, too, is the trial sequence – which is entirely depicted through the audience's reaction so that judge, jury, witnesses and d.a. are never actually seen (although the judge's voice is recognizably that of veteran character actor samuel s. hinds). the centerpiece of the film is the scene in which gomez and tone discuss the nature of the criminal involved, with the inspector's put down of the latter as mentally insane giving the initially smug tone "dizzy spells". the suspenseful climax finds raines alone with tone in his apartment, where she discovers evidence of his guilt – and he confesses to having had an affair with baxter's wife, but killed her when she wouldn't desert her husband for him.by the way, i hit upon a little goof in the film: while the story is clearly set in 1943, i noticed that during the taxi cab ride towards the beginning of the film – in which alan curtis escorts the titular lady to the theater – the establishing shot of new york (comprising clearly of stock footage) features a marquee promoting laurel and hardy's 1938 musical comedy, swiss miss! incidentally, famed mystery writer cornell woolrich wrote the original novel on which this was based using a pseudonym.

drum scene is wild! cook, jr. is unsung hero of this and many movies. fantastic actor, great flick. a few twists that keep you moving. a must-see.

alan curtis has a loud, violent sounding argument with his wife, slams out of his apartment, has a night of drinking with a mysterious lady with a large hat in a bar (run by andrew tombes, in a nice villainous part for a change), and returns to find his wife dead and the police, led by thomas gomez waiting for him. his attempts to prove his alibi - that he was with that mysterious lady - fall because everyone that he can think of (tombes, elisha cook) claims there was never any such person. he ends up with no alibi, although his secretary (who secretly loves him) ellen raines believes him. convicted after a trial, he is awaiting his death sentence. raines starts going out after the truth, discovering that gomez has some doubts of his own. she also finds an ally in a friend of curtis, franchot tone, who was apparently out of town the night of the crime. will she clear curtis in time? the phantom lady is based on a novel by william irish (the great noir writer cornell woolrich). as movie fans know from other works by woolrich (leopard man, the night has a thousand eyes, rear window, no man of her own) one cannot assume what is true on the surface anywhere. the missing wife of a salesman may not actually be upstate, sending him messages that she arrived, if he still has her jewelry. the mentalist may really be able to predict tragedy - or was he plotting the murder of his old partner, now an oil millionaire? did a leopard kill the young women, or is the wealthy recluse in town actually hiding some guilty knowledge? is the young woman, claiming to be the wife of a brother killed in a train wreck, actually an impostor? here it is raines and gomez (with an assist by tone) trying to prove curtis did see a woman nobody will admit seeing - and if he did see her, why is nobody else able to recall seeing her? the problem with the story really is curtis's personality - he gives in too easily when found guilty of the crime he did not commit. in reality anyone who is innocent would be screaming it to the moment they are executed. however, in defense of curtis's collapse, it also happens to other people in various films: gary cooper, in mr. deeds goes to town, gets so disgusted about the framing he gets as delusional and mad by douglas dumbrille and his minions that he does not defend himself at first, until the people who would depend on his help cry out their fears in the courtroom and reawaken his sense of responsibility. but curtis just seems to give up. in normal circumstances raines, gomez, and everyone else would not care if curtis didn't.but the film survives this weakness. the slow unraveling of lies by witnesses bribed by the real killer allows two set pieces for raines with tombes on a deserted elevated platform and elisha cook at a jazz session. gomez turns out to be more perceptive than the villain expects in double checking his alibi again. and the villain manages to keep slightly ahead of raines and gomez until the concluding minutes of the film. if it is not as great a film as double indemnity or the postman always rings twice or the maltese falcon, it holds up pretty well until the moment curtis and raines are reunited at the end.

this is a "b series" film noir, and my vote reflects its membership in that genre. i saw this film last night at a left-bank cinema in paris, where it opened a two-week film noir run. the film has some flaws, yes, but far too many delicious elements to ignore.as the previous reviewer remarked, the drumming scene is incredible! (b-movies could tread where a-movies were forbidden to enter!) and the plot is intriguing. regarding franchot tone, however, i beg to disagree: to me, he's suitably mysterious; just the right shade of creepy. one must bear in mind that there's a sort of german expressionism happening here (the director, robert siodmark, was a german who came to hollywood during the war), and so an air of exaggeration fits into the whole of this film. at least it does for me.however, it's the gorgeous ella raines who, in only her third credited performance, held this viewer entranced throughout the film. a "girl friday" type with a strong resemblance to gene tierney, it's a wonder that she didn't become a household name. but she's so good here that i've just ordered another film of hers ('impact') off the internet, and i can't wait to see it as well.

other reviewers have summarized this film noir well. i just wanted to add to the "whew!" comment one reviewer made regarding elisha cook's obviously coke-fuelled drumming episode. this was a doozy, i must say. cook deserved some acclaim for his frenzied performance.a bit of trivia that i am surmising about: cook appeared as a waiter in the 1941 barbara stanwyck film, "ball of fire." he was a waiter in the nightclub where barbara was singing and legendary drummer gene krupa was drumming, most energetically. is it too much to suggest that cook's spazzy drumming in the later film, "phantom lady," was very much inspired by krupa's work, as witnessed by cook 3 years earlier? if you watch krupa in "ball of fire," i think you'll note some clearly similar body movements. one hopes, of course, that he was not influenced by any drugs at the time!

this noir may not be the best remembered film from the era, but it features a great mystery plot, the common noir atmosphere and some good performances from its lesser known cast members. robert siodmak, the talented director behind the mystery/horror classic 'the spiral staircase' directed this film two years earlier than the aforementioned film, and shows a real flair for creating a dark and brooding atmosphere as well as creating a plot that both intrigues and fascinates the viewer. phantom lady focuses on scott henderson; a man married to a woman he doesn't like. he picks up a lady in a big hat in a bar one night, and the two agree to a 'no strings attached' night of fun. however, he then returns home to find his apartment infested by police officers and soon finds out that the reason they are there is because his wife has been strangled with one of his neck ties! he's dismayed to find that no one he saw while with the mysterious woman can remember her, and naturally the jury sends him down for the murder of his wife. however, luckily for him his beautiful female employee gets on the case...the plot moves along nicely throughout, and unlike many of the better known noirs, this one features a few murders which make the proceedings more interesting. in fact, if it wasn't for the fact that it was made in the forties and shot in black and white, i would swear phantom lady was an italian giallo! the central characters are all interesting enough, with alan curtis providing a good portrayal of the unfortunate victim, and ella raines being effective as the female impromptu detective. the real standout of the film, however, is franchot tone, who provides a memorable performance as the insane villain of the piece. the film also features a role for supporting actor extraordinaire elisha cook jr, who features playing the drums in the film's most memorable segment. if i was to criticise this film, i would say that the identity of the murderer is revealed a little too early - although phantom lady does deserve some credit on that front for the original way it goes about it. the conclusion is satisfying and everything makes sense (which is amazing considering the unlikely plot line) and overall, phantom lady is surely one of the greatest and most under-seen noirs ever made!

a bizarre and brilliant combination of talents between the director, robert siodmak and ella raines as a secretary trying to save her boss from the electric chair by tracking down a mysterious "phantom" woman, and franchot tone as a crazed and murderous sculptor. as well there are some fascinating smaller parts played by elisha cook jr as a drugged out trap drummer, as well as the other characters who make up parts of the conspiracy. if you're used to seeing raines in more wholesome parts, she's allowed to go overboard here, especially in her scenes with cook. franchot tone also plays someone very different, and though it isn't a convincing part, he acts phenomenally. while the conspiracy is too contrived, the film has real atmosphere and is very interesting.

for the attention of chuck davis and emefy: i saw phantom lady many years ago, when i was not yet a jazz buff. there is an exhibition going until end of june in paris's brand new musee du quai branly, named le siecle du jazz, not to be missed, with as a special entertainment nine excerpts from jazz movies, including phantom lady's famous drums sequence. i've seen gene krupa - and elisha cook jr - in almost all their film appearances, and i can confirm the following: 1.elisha cook jr was dubbed in the movie. that was some progress, since in most of his other appearances he was killed (mainly in howard hawks's the big sleep). 2. krupa probably dubbed cook in pl. i could recognize his style, since he had already graduated from the tom-tom used (and abused) at the beginning of his career - namely in 1937's hollywood hotel's sing, sing, sing sequence - and eventually got everything that was possible from what we call in french "la caisse claire". 3. the sequence from pl, at least as shown in the museum,is not censored.harry carasso, paris, france

man, this is a hard dvd to come by. i could only find it on region 2, a spanish import, and it was expensive.was it worth it? well, yes. not so much because it's a masterpiece of film making, though directed by curt siodmak (the credits on imdb.com read "robert" but the dvd credits list curt), or because it has a couple of familiar figures from other murder mysteries -- elisha cook, jr., and thomas gomez -- but because my decade-long curiosity about the movie has finally been satisfied.essentially, a respected but self-contained engineer (alan curtis) has been stood up by his estranged wife and finds himself in a new york bar with two show tickets in his pocket. a woman with a strange hat is on the stool next to his and he politely invites her to join him at the musical review. she accepts, a little gloomily. the mopey bartender gives them both the eye as they leave.at the show, the tempestuous star notices that this lady in the audience is wearing the same hat and erupts offstage with anger. the drummer in the band, cook, leers at the silent lady but gets no response. curtis takes the woman to her home and asks her name but she won't give it, and she doesn't want to know his. if she'd been a longfellow devotee she'd have said something about ships that pass in the night.okay, curtis goes home to find his wife has been murdered in his absence. the head police officer, gomez, turns him over to the da. his only alibi is that he was with a phantom lady whom no one else seems to remember -- not the bartender, not the latina star, not the cab driver ("al alp"), not the drummer -- and since the lady herself has disappeared, it's impossible to dig her up.curtis is convicted and sentenced to die. but inspector gomez has thought things over and decided her's probably innocent because nobody with a brain would make up such a stupid story. he joins curtis's loving secretary, ella raines, in re-investigating the case informally.they visit the supposed witnesses again. the ominous bartender is run over by a car, perhaps accidentally, so he's out of the picture. the hot-tempered latina has left because the show closed and she's uncooperative and ignorant of the source of the hat anyway. elisha cook, jr., is strangled by the real murderer but not before he is featured in a scene in which he pounds the drums in an improvised jazz group. his sweaty face assumes an expression which doesn't suggest intense focus but rather a monstrous, orgasmic insanity. his eyeballs roll to the ceiling, his mouth gapes, his hammering becomes frenzied. i laughed out loud.nobody's performance is otherwise outstanding, but all are professional enough. thomas gomez is always reliable. best performance, though, is probably by franchot tone. he's the real murderer and he fakes his alibi. he's reserved and artistic. even when he faints he's decorous. i don't know how to put this precisely but tone seems to be thinking as well as simply acting his part. alan curtis as the innocent engineer is near zero on the kelvin scale and belongs in a b picture. i don't know why it's considered as classic. it's really your basic murder mystery by cornell woolrich, not as good as some of his others. but siodmak's direction is sensitive. a man gets run over and his hat winds up in a gutter with water running around it. his use of shadows is quietly effective.glad i got it.

phantom lady (1944) dir: robert siodmak production: universal picturesscott henderson (alan curtis), following a nasty fight and split with his wife, looks to drown his sorrows at the local watering hole. there he spies a woman in a similar emotional state and, looking for some companionship, asks her to a show at a club to get both their minds off their problems. she agrees, but only on the condition that they keep their names to themselves. sure enough, when scott gets home he finds the police there, waiting to question him. his wife's been murdered. where were you at 8 o'clock this evening, asks inspector burgess (thomas gomez)? but scott has an alibi, right? only he doesn't know the woman's name. and the bartender remembers scott but not the woman. neither does the cab driver. nor the drummer (elisha cook jr.) at the club. even the dancer at the club, who scott clearly caught looking at the woman (they were both wearing the same hat), won't acknowledge there was someone with him. something is going on, but whatever it is scott is helpless to defend himself at a trial and is sentenced to death for his wife's murder (on the flimsiest 'evidence' in hollywood judicial history). it's left to his loyal secretary, 'kansas' (ella raines), who's later joined by a sympathetic inspector burgess, to find out the real killer before scott is executed.phantom lady is built on themes that recur, almost compulsively, in woolrich's work. for example, the schizophrenic antagonist is also seen in black angel and the leopard man. additionally, there is the character who becomes mentally unhinged by the death of a sweetheart or spouse as found in rendezvous in black and the bride wore black. it can leave a viewer feeling like he's treading on well worn ground. but in the right hands, the feverish plots, sorry dialogue, the narrative inconsistencies, all are beside the point. fortunately, phantom lady was being guided by sound hands.this is siodmak's first noir. he would go on to distinguish himself as one of the, if not the, preeminent practitioners of the style (the killers, criss cross). here he is fortuitously paired with cinematographer woody bredell (they would be reunited on christmas holiday and the killers). there is some great storytelling done in the camera. in one shot, the deteriorating mental state of a character is shown as he sits in front of a 3-way mirror, suggesting multiple personalities. the same character, who is an artist, has van gogh's self portrait with the bandaged ear hanging on the wall in his apartment. but what siodmak and bredell are really doing in phantom lady is practically creating the look for noir. released very early in 1944, it's all here; the wet pavement, the bags of atmosphere and dread, the sharply contrasting b&w, the wildly expressionistic versions of reality (when kansas visits scott in prison), the discordant shafts of light, etc. it is a terrific picture to look at.franchot tone aside, the cast, as well as the subject matter and relative inexperience of the director (and presumably, the budget), suggests 'b' movie ambitions. i thought tone was a little hammy. alan curtis (high sierra) is not up to much, and actually comes off pretty weak in a few scenes. ella raines is mostly good (and quite beautiful). her 'sex scene' with elisha cook jr. is so delirious it has to be seen to be believed. another standout scene is when kansas goes after the bartender to question him. it amounts to a chase scene, as she relentlessly dogs him through the streets, with a stop at a subway station. some real good tension in there.*** out of 4

scott henderson (alan curtis) meets a mystery woman (fay helm) in a bar and invites her to see a show with him. she agrees on condition that they don't swap any information about each other - not even names. sometimes these are the best kind of dates. however, when he returns to his apartment, inspector burgess (thomas gomez) and his team are waiting for him. scott's wife has been murdered. his alibi is the mystery woman but no-one can remember seeing her and, as a result of this, scott is sentenced to die for the murder of his wife. his secretary kansas (ella raines) is not convinced of his guilt and sets out to find the woman who can save him from the death penalty.this is a good film and the viewer is 100% behind the attempts of kansas to get to the truth. we follow her through some memorable scenes, eg, her pursuit of mac the bartender (andrew tombes) at night and the claustrophobic venue where cliff the drummer (elisha cook jr) takes her to hang out, drink and dance while he jams with his friends. this is such a blatant depiction of sexual desire that it is a stand-out part of the film as everyone sweats intensely and rhythmically for the duration of the scene. ella raines is good in the female lead role and thomas gomez makes a likable policeman. alan curtis started well as the confused, innocent man, but once he is arrested his performance took a left turn as he became thoroughly unpleasant to kansas for no reason. god knows why she stuck by him.the film doesn't keep you guessing as to who the murderer is as we know from about halfway through the film, but this doesn't matter. in fact, it adds to the tension and dramatic development of the story as we will kansas to discover what is going on and then to get the hell out! it's a good film with some great scenes but although elisha cook jr has a memorable role, i just never like him in anything that i see him in.... someone hand me a neck-tie.....

i rated this film 7/10 which is an average of 8/10 for screenplay, direction and 1944 production values and 6/10 for acting.my acting rating in turn was calculated at 4/10 for all the screen characters except for that played by heroine ella raines as carol richman who was excellent at 8/10.also i commend thomas gomez as inspector burgess whose character convinces that he personally does not think the guilty verdict on scott henderson (alan curtis) was just in view of his naive alibi.these two then form an alliance to prove scott's alibi.i have this film on a "suevia film noir cine negro" dvd in spanish as "la dama desconocida" with the original soundtrack "ingles" as an alternative language, since despite searching i could not find a wholly english version.i was however anxious to see another performance by ella raines after being impressed with her performance as a heroine in "impact" playing a sole female garage proprietor.here ella performs another heroic role believing in the innocence of her engineer boss and refuses several suggestions that she should return to her home in kansas (her boss's pet name for her) before solving the missing alibi.the fact that she is secretly in love with her boss is a little hard to believe since he formally just seemed to have had a formal business relationship with her.he had however designed children's homes and playgrounds so i suppose "family man" had lit up in carol's brain.in the 1940s with "the film code" in operation, producers could only portray sex through metaphors and here it is done in the form of furious drumming played by elisha cooke jnr.carol dolls herself up as a girl of easy virtue in an attempt to lure the drummer into giving her information about "the phantom lady" alibi.the other main character, jack marlow (an associate of scott henderson) is played by franchot tone whose performance i found too theatrical and wondered why carol, for instance, did not notice him constantly and strangely admiring his hands.here the screenplay should have been improved and provided more suspense as these theatrical moves telegraphed the plot far too early to the audience.

scott henderson (alan curtis) is unjustly accused of killing his unfaithful wife. the night she was murdered he was out with a mystery woman who refused to give him her name. after accused of the murder, the police visit all the places he had been with her, but people only remember him being alone. he's sentenced to die and his secretary (ella raines) sets out to find the murderer herself because she loves him.this was made as a b film from universal (look at the cast--all character actors and one star--franchot tone--on the decline). the budget was small and the cast mostly unknown but what came out is one of the best film noirs of the 1940s. it's beautifully directed by curt siodmak and has a fantastic script that came from an excellent book by william irish (a pen name for cornell woolrich). it moves quickly and just looks fantastic. and there's the infamous jam session with raines and elisha cook jr. which just comes off the screen with incredible sexual energy (i'm surprised the censors didn't cut it).there are only a few flaws that prevent this from being perfect. tone gives a dreadful performance. he looks ghastly and he's just horrible. also curtis is stiff and bland as henderson. you really wonder why raines loves him--he's so unemotional. but raines is pretty good in the lead role. she's pretty and full of life. also the last scene when the murderer is after her never rings true. he's hardly a threat physically and her reactions just seem overstated.still i'm giving this a 9. a really great film--flaws aside.

i can safely admit (as an imdb geek) that 'phantom lady' will never crack into my film noir top twenty. it may not even sneak into the top fifty. but rather than discredit the film for not being as good as so many other classics of the film noir genre, it should be noted that 'phantom lady' has enough strong and lasting images in it to make it a worthwhile viewing. all that is required from the viewer is the ability to get beyond the dreadfully slow beginning.the film doesn't get cooking until 'kansas' (ella raines) sets about trying to prove all but single handedly the innocence of her boss, scott anderson (alan curtis), who has been convicted of murder. 'kansas' is anderson's secretary by day and amateur detective by night. as the novice sleuth she does quite well for herself while working the streets of new york at night. little by little she starts putting pieces of a murder mystery puzzle together. to be honest, the film belongs to raines and it is only due to her presence that the film works well at all. somehow she is able to breathe life into a film about a condemned man who is not interesting in the slightest. i'm not sure if this splintered dynamic of a characterless leading man becomes the fault of the actor or the director, but clearly this is where something becomes terribly wrong with the film.as interesting as raines is as a novice detective, things really accelerate into another hidden gear when 'kansas' pays a late night visit to a wandering drummer (elisha cook, jr.) in search of some information to help her condemned boss. she and the drummer paint the town a new kind of red while visiting the "all night" jazz clubs. trying to describe this scene will either prove an injustice to the scene or worse yet, it could ruin the scene all together. you'll know the scene once the last cymbal crash has finished ringing out. if you're lucky enough to have this film on dvd, you'll more than likely be rewinding this scene again and again. as good as raines is, it is this scene that makes this film noteworthy. it is mainly because of this scene that i rate 'phantom lady' a 7 instead of a 6.for the most part this film comes off as tepid and bland with a few great scenes and one magnificent scene. it is the 'drum/sex scene' that separates this film from any others of the same ilk.and just like it is said in the film that "you never go wrong with vanilla", i would also like to add that "going with vanilla" is the safe fall back choice when one can't decide on having a tastier treat.7/10. clark richards

robert siodmak does a fabulous job with this b noir starring ella raines, franchot tone, and alan curtis. and he does it, i might add, without a lot of help from his male actors, i.e., curtis and tone. it's raines all the way, a pretty, leggy actress who for one reason or another never reached the status of some of her "noir" counterparts.siodmak's use of sex, light, shadows, and music is truly remarkable as he tackles this genre. the shadows, lighting effects, and camera angles are all effective. but the highlight of the film takes place in a nightclub with a very sexual drum riff by elisha cook, egged on by an excited raines. it's this scene that brings "phantom lady" into new territory.siodmak's commitment to the material is matched only by raines, who gives a sincere performance as a woman in love trying to save her man. franchot tone phoned this one in. alan curtis didn't seem upset that he might die and didn't seem happy that he lived. and he never, except for a brief moment in prison, seemed to be in love with raines.the amusing thing about many of these films is that, as world war ii progressed, interest in psychiatry deepened. but often the terms were used incorrectly in films such as "possessed," "spellbound," and "the greatest show on earth." tone is called paranoid by thomas gomez - tone probably has some paranoia attached to his disorder, but he appears to be closer to a psychopath. in actuality, as evidenced by his headaches, he may have had a brain tumor pushing against his brain.phantom lady doesn't have the greatest plot, but it's well worth watching.

scott henderson, the engineer that employs carol richman, as his assistant, makes a point to call her "kansas", whenever he speaks to her. it shows us that carol, effectively played by ella raines, is supposed to be a babe in the woods, as far as the manhattan of the 40s was concerned. only a woman, from out of town, would follow the shady bartender to a solitary elevated subway. even then, only a naive girl could undertake such an adventure.robert siodmak directed this film noir very well. he shows a flair for infusing the story with a lot of raw sex that was surprising for those days. how else could we justify the way the drummer in the orchestra of the musical, where scott takes the mysterious woman with an unusual hat, makes such an overt pass at a lady on a date? the drummer played with high voltage by elisha cook jr. doesn't hide his desires for any of the ladies who sat in the front row of the hit musical where he plays. it was a real explicit invitation, first to the "phantom woman" of the story, fay helm; afterward, cliff the drummer, insinuates himself very openly to ella raines who goes to the theater disguised as the mystery dame her boss had taken originally.this is a film that will hook any viewer from the beginning. there are things not explained in it, but it holds the one's interest throughout. the killer is not revealed until the end. ella raines with her expressive eyes was an under estimated actress. she holds her own against much more experienced actors. franchot tone, a new york stage actor, working in hollywood, never found in this medium the fame he deserved. he is effective as the accused man's best friend. on the other hand, alan curtis, comes across as a man, who when framed, accepts his fate and is saved only by the tenacity of the woman who secretly loved him. thomas gomez, as the inspector burgess, is an asset to the film as a detective who has his doubts the police had caught the man who committed the crime.this movie will not disappoint.

sadly not available on dvd as yet, but worth pursuing on tcm or vhs. a secretary believes her boss is wrongly accused of murder, and courageously takes on many dangerous characters in an effort to establish the truth. a movie with many twists and dark alleyways, none of which i will mention! the jazz band sequence where our heroine seeks the information about the killer, is one of the most erotic scenes in hollywood history, despite being at very low budget and made during wwii in black and white. despite the low budget - long island looks somewhat mountainous - this is a movie of original style and outstanding vision. ella raines was a great actress discovered by howard hawks who knew much about these matters, casting the feistiest women - joanne dru, hepburn, angie dickinson, lauren bacall, ann sheridan - of their era. robert siodmak was of one of several german, hungarian & czech film-makers - sirk, wilder, zinnemann, lubitsch, curtiz,lang, etc - who émigrés relocated to hollywood, and brought a highly original fresh vision with them. sadly ella raines was never given such a great part again, and eventually ended up in poorly produced westerns.

this is a very unusual film in that the star with the top billing doesn't appear literally until half way in. nevertheless i was engaged by the hook of the phantom lady. curtis, though competent as the falsely accused scott henderson, looks a little tough to be be sympathetic towards (perhaps he should have shaved his moustache) and his behavior when he first comes home should have convinced the cops at least to some degree of his innocence. while another commentator had a problem with franchot tone as jack marlowe i found his portrayal of the character to be impressively complex. he is no stock villain. superb character actor elisha cook jr. is again in top form as the 'little man with big ambitions.' his drumming in the musical numbers added a welcome touch of eroticism. this movie however is carried by the very capable and comely ella raines as the devoted would be lover of henderson, carol richmond. she definitely has talent and her screen presence is in the tradition of lauren bacall. this is the first of her work i have seen and i am definitely inclined to see her other roles. the rest of the supporting cast is also more than competent. all in all a very satisfying film noir mystery which when viewed today fully conveys the dark and complex urban world it is intended to. recommended, 8/10.

it was originally meant to be a film that gene kelly would star in, but when the makers couldn't get him they got "the greatest actor in the world", and the result is pretty good. basically nathan detroit (frank sinatra) is having trouble doing what he does best, setting up a high stakes crap dice game, because he needs $1000 to get the place. so to get the money he needs, he has a $1000 bet with old friend sky masterson (marlon brando) that he can't get sergeant sarah brown (great expectations' golden globe winning, and bafta nominated jean simmons) to go with him to havana. meanwhile, nathan is having trouble trying to get rid of the woman who wants him to ask her hand in marriage, miss adelaide (vivian blaine). also starring robert keith as lieutenant brannigan, stubby kaye as nicely nicely johnson and b.s. pulley as big jule. an interesting romantic comedy musical, with brando singing all his own songs, and sinatra being smooth and cool. it was nominated the oscars for best art direction-set decoration, best cinematography, best costume design and best music for jay blackton and cyril j. mockridge, it was nominated the bafta for best film from any source, and it won the golden globe for best motion picture - musical/comedy. frank sinatra was number 43 on the 100 greatest pop culture icons, marlon brando was number 30 on the 100 greatest movie stars, he was number 11 on the 100 greatest sex symbols, he was number 4 on 100 years, 100 stars - men, sinatra was number 35, and brando was number 1 on the world's greatest actor, "luck be a lady" was number 42 on 100 years, 100 songs for , the film was number 23 on 100 years of musicals, and it was number 36 on the 100 greatest musicals. very good!

had i been familiar with the stage production of guys and dolls before seeing the movie, i might not be as fond of it as i am. although in all fairness, i would probably still like the film production better because of my general adoration of both brando (for his acting) and sinatra (for his voice, although he is quite the actor as well, see the manchurian candidate or from here to eternity.)as for some of the other reviewers' statements about the songs, i have the broadway soundtrack and though isabel bingley's voice outshines that of jean simmons, it is not more pleasant. i find it to have a rather shrill quality. jean simmons' voice is much more realistic, though admittedly, that is not always a huge concern in musicals. also the only time i particularly noticed marlon brando's particularly weak vocal register was during his rendition of "luck be a lady" and only there because i was previously familiar with sinatra's version. i also find vivian blaine's voice to be much more pleasing in the movie than it is on broadway. and sinatra's voice alone would be able to redeem the failings of all the others, if they indeed were in need of redemption. (they weren't) it is infinitely better than sam levene's, particularly in my favorite song, 'sue me'. also, the complaint that lots of songs were omitted from the movie for inferior songs, i beg to differ. 'a bushel and a peck' is hardly a gem and the song that replaced it, 'pet me poppa" and its accompanying performance is more hot box material. i personally do not care for 'marry the man today' at all and rejoice that it was not included in the movie. i adore 'i've never been in love before', and though it was not sung in the movie, the instrumental version can be heard when nathan is in adelaide's dressing room. the song 'a woman in love'expresses the same sentiment equally well and probably in a range that both of the stars could more capably reach. and the movie wouldn't be the same without the song 'adelaide', not included on broadway. in fact, if the movie soundtrack were available for sale, i'd recommend purchasing it instead of the broadway. though i have not seen the original production, i cannot imagine that the acting would be superior to that of the movie's lead actors. the important fact is that the story is as charming as ever and the acting and songs do not make it any less so.

i won't try to speculate as to what brando was attempting. at his best he turns in such oddball performances, insinuating so many things at once, that it doesn't seem he does anything so much as play by unfailing instinct. often it seems he is calling attention to some favored aspect of his character over all others, a concentration which, if followed, turns out something of a red herring, as he turns out subtler, craftier than at first appeared. this is a mastery of artifice, not naturalism, as might be associated with the method. the role of sky masterson, as mankiewicz so wonderfully realized, seems tailored for him, which is to begin with odd, and odd still at the end, because whatever it is brando has done, he has managed a grace maybe all his own, but a consummate grace nonetheless -- again, odd, coming from an actor with limited musical ability, not ever before or after associated with the musical comedy. jean simmons, also oddly cast, is not quite as impressive, but certainly above just-adequate, really delightful in the havana sequence, and never less than enjoyable throughout. and yet...perhaps because actors are both so concentrated on what it is they are doing, and characters on what it is they intend of each other, there doesn't seem to be the lovers' "chemistry" brought up so insistently more than once. brando/sky masterson and simmons/sister sarah respectively feed off one another well enough, but i for one don't see more beyond that. in a movie this outrightly dazzling and entertaining (and most everything about it, craft-wise, is just that -- dazzling), that lack would seem something tactfully and easily overlooked, but so much would depend upon true chemistry! an, at least partial, transformation of the characters through such chemistry, would lend something positively moving to the final scene. as it is, one leaves this film certainly delighted, but not really moved, except in a way as to negate the trueness of the union. note sister sarah marries in her missionary's uniform, sky masterson in his same natty man-about-town duds rather than wedding tux. and they have changed back to those from their previous scene!funnily enough (that is, insightfully), the most touching, and most serious, scene is, i think, between brando and vivian blaine, as sinatra/nathan detroit's doll, adelaide, the only scene where these two are exclusively together, not least because there is just no hint of flirtation between them even though it takes place in adelaide's dressing-room while adelaide is about to change. though one may submit there is no place for that, sky really is the type to "check out" adelaide in this sort of circumstance. he is even there to tell adelaide nathan will not be meeting her to elope. adelaide and sky are both true in their respective ways to nathan, even piteous of him, as is demonstrated through a tone in their exchange. adelaide is of course also frustrated and disappointed, but her anger is mitigated by her deeper feeling for nathan, as sky is admonishing her that she can't love a man and then wish him to be someone else.guys and dolls is another turn at the battle of the sexes, around the themes of gambling and salvation. since both the compulsive gambler and the salvation seeker are more or less unconsciously courting despair, there just may be a dark secret deliberately behind brando's and simmons' lack of chemistry. after all, that lack may well denote an excess of narcissistic preoccupation (echoed by the sinatra/blaine pairing, though with considerably less self-deception involved), which might explain brando's and simmons' odd, rather provoking, interpretations of sky masterson and sister sarah. i realize simmons may be mostly depicting coldness and skepticism, but brando, though playing to confront her, isn't exactly heated and eager, and is more than keeping his distance -- he's also assimilating it, keeping his balance through it. his boldness consists in merely playing against her -- the trip to cuba, a kiss, whatever it takes -- but he is not actually set on winning through seducing her so much as beating her then in her own turf. this may be shrewd, as playing to zeal may be the only way to get to the missionary, and through. but it makes sky's transition from merely trying to win a bet to actually wanting sarah brown a little less than persuasive. yet why does he want her? what does falling in love mean to sky? i find the only way to get around this is by indeed accepting his humanity has kicked in, and that he does not want to end up a mere cad toward sister sarah, so he does, as he's promised her, need to deliver the sinners to her prayer meeting, make good by his "marker," as he puts it, as a way of winning her back when it seems he had already won only to lose her. but this still denotes self-concern more than anything. however, it also allows for sarah brown's own self-concern, as sky will placate the missionary in her in order to get back the lover. neither, at least it seems, will change much by their union, except perhaps in the acceptance of the other. yet that would seem an all but fatally uneasy proposition: acceptance of is still quite a cry away from achieving happiness in the other, let alone the transcendence they each seem to imply by "chemistry." and behind all this, i suspect is mankiewicz's full knowing.for all those who might say, in defense of guys and dolls yet, that not much can be expected from musicals by way of depth, i need only remind them cabaret, the three-penny opera, carousel, a star is born, even the sound of music, which i don't care for as much (and one can keep adding to this list without even reaching forward toward post-cabaret musicals), all wrap gorgeous music and dance around dire anxieties.

guys and dolls has to be one of my favorite musical movies ever. it is a very fun movie to watch and nothing more. it embodies what people have forgotten about musicals-musicals were made to entertain, not to to preach. nowadays we have rent and chicago which are great musicals and good movies but they fail to bring us solid entertainment with no strings attached. the only thing that bothered me in the movie was marlon brando, the guy can't sing! it was very annoying to listen to him sing and talk when i couldn't understand him. if it weren't for marlon i would have given this 10 stars. guys and dolls provides old-fashioned entertainment that we rarely get these days. watch it to have a good time!!

big splashy film of the broadway music. nathan (frank sinatra) loves to roll the dice and organize illegal crap games. blonde loving adelaide (vivian blaine) wants to marry him if he gives up craps. he decides on one last game when sky masterson (marlon brando!), who bets big, is in town. he bets sky that he can't get mission worker sarah brown (jean simmons) to go with him to havana. that may sound like a strange plot summary but so is the movie!this is a real mixed bag--there's some wonderful stuff here. the songs are all good and the dancing is incredible. the real show stopper is at the crap game at the end. also brando is really quite good here--it might seem strange to think of him singing and dancing but he pulls it off. i have to admit seeing big, bulky brando pulling off some difficult dance moves was a lot of fun! also sinatra is pretty good and blaine is just wonderful as his long-suffering girlfriend. her song and dance numbers are definite highlights here.now for the bad parts--jean simmons is a wonderful actress but she's stuck with a drab colorless role and can't do much with it. the movie is far too long at 150 minutes--the scenes between brando and simmons really drag and should have been shortened. also most of the characters speak in very precise english--contractions are never used. maybe it's trying to be amusing coming out of the mouths of gangsters but i found it jarring and it kept throwing me out of the movie.it's worth catching for the songs and dances but the over length of it does get to you after a while. i give it a 7.

one of the best musicals ever made, this is an example of where the producers and director were not afraid to pick actors for their talent, rather than for what people might expect. the lighting and set are unique, giving it a very interesting effect (this has a special name that i cannot think of). the dialog is also unique in that no contractions are used. the movie is well paced, beautifully acted and interesting from start to finish. a real joy is the music. such an array of first-rate songs, from beginning to end, that are perfectly performed and orchestrated. also, the music is very original and very memorable, and i think superior to many musicals from the thirties through the sixties. it certainly has more original and beautiful songs than most musicals, that might have only two or three. not bad for a director with no experience in this type of movie. another quality is that it is fresh each time one sees it.

entertaining musical where nathan detroit needs $1,000.00 to get up a floating crap game so he entices sky masterson to try and get salvation army girl, played by jean simmons, to go with masterson to havana.5 years later, simmons would be in the missionary again in the fabulous "elmer gantry." there she was sister sharon and here she is sister sarah. same temperament, different story.frank sinatra is that devilish nathan detroit. he has been engaged to vivian blaine for 14 years and she loathes his gambling habit.in a real change of pace, sky masterson was played by marlon brando who actually did his own singing here!the film is saved by superlative choreography. those dance and singing routines are fabulous. they are especially realized by stubby kaye as nicely nicely (johnson).all in all, it's a very nice production.

just saw this movie version of frank loesser's guys and dolls for the third time with my mother who had never seen this before. she was pleasantly surprised by the singing voices of jean simmons and marlon brando. and she thought the havana sequences where simmons and brando dance up a storm were excellent. those were pretty impressive to me too and were usually the highlights of the film. directed by joseph l. mankiewicz, this movie which originated as a story by damon runyon takes a while with the slow pacing of the non-musical scenes at first but pulls you in after a while. the other story with frank sinatra and vivian blaine wasn't as compelling to me but still had their charms especially during the "sue me" number. also loved stubby kaye's "sit down, you're rocking the boat" number and the performances of sheldon leonard and b. s. pully. with a theatrical look throughout, guys and dolls isn't a great film musical but certainly a very good one.

it'd be easy to call guys and dolls great. it's got frank sinatra and marlon brando (and, contrary to sinatra's original wishes, the casting works), it's got a really cool 1950s feel, even if it is basically transposed from stage to screen with only a little interruption. and most of the songs are often a lot of fun, and catchy, and performed with that wink and nod to the wonderful escapism inherent in the form itself. if it's not entirely as great as some others of its ilk, it shouldn't be any fault of the filmmaker joseph l. mankiewicz. not all the songs entirely click, and a little of the dialog feels like it's being performed for the stage as opposed to film (it's hard to tell at times- brando and sinatra straddle the line so often that one has to watch carefully to tell when one plays for the camera or for the "stage", while the actress playing adele is better for stage than screen).the plot is one of those winners that works well for its period, even if one wonders if its influence has stretched to the likes of 1999's she's all that (well, not quite, but close). a gambler (and 14-year betrothed), played by sinatra, wants to host a big-time game, but is told that the "heat is on", meaning the cops are on watch. so, he has only one choice to host the game, with a thousand dollar tab. the only way he can get it is through a big-time bet with fellow gambler brando, who's put on to make a wild wooing job of a mission worker. it allows for the predictable twists in the story, in the sudden turn-on-turn-off of the charms of the character, of the idiosyncrasies of people from the streets (gangsters and dancers and the "saitn" played by jean simmons who falls for brando). it is, in its basic concept, about this whole world of guys and dolls, and how to balance one or the other- obviously without getting married or too compromised.mankiewicz brings a lot of energy to the piece, even when keeping still with the camera on the subject, and his stars are properly reeled in. hell, even brando works excellently for a musical as he goes beyond being simply the method actor and shows his chops for singing and big-star quality. the story and characters eventually wind down to what you'd hope will happen, and that's fine. all we ask for- and what we get- is entertainment in good spurts of witty, involving dialog, and a few songs and dances that bring the house down (my favorites were the number with the lady-cats at the club, luck be a lady, and the two numbers down in havana, cuba). a-

this is what the musical genre was made of. humor, talent, romance, and action all rolled into one.frank sinatra was wonderful. nothing else needs to be said. marlon brando, although not a singer, did a great job winning the hearts of many with his portrayal of sky masterson. the fact that he couldn't sing added to his character. the ladies in the film were alright, but the men in the movie definitely stole the show.it is a true classic that can be appreciated at any age. it connects with all audiences and makes you smile and laugh.definitely a movie to be watched and enjoyed!

this is a frank loesser masterpiece of amusing lyrics, competent themes and solid construction by those who adapted damon runyon material to the musical's "book". what is surprising about the film is how seamlessly the musical numbers flow from the storyline. abe burrows did the book with contributions from loesser; michael kidd was the choreographer, and the outstanding art direction was contributed by joseph wright. the storyline can be told in two sentences. nathan detroit, played by frank sinatra, needs cash to finance his permanent floating crap game to amuse big julie, a chicago mob boss. he bets odds-player sky masterson, well-presented by marlon brando, that he cannot get a salvation army girl to go to havana with him; masterson wins the bet, saves the mission, falls in love with the girl, gets the gamblers and riffraff at the crap game to attend a service, and tells everybody the lady was impervious to his charms--a complete lie. of course he ends up with the lady; and detroit marries hi long-suffering fiancée, vivian blaine. others in the cast include stubby kaye, johnny silver, robert keith, b.s. pulley as big julie the mobster, sheldon leonard, regis toomey, mary alan kokanson, kathryn givney as the salvation army leader, veda ann borg and jean simmons as the tepid salvation army girl, sarah brown. the famous musical numbers in this award-winning broadway smash include "fugue for tinhorns", "guys and dolls", "luck be a lady", "i'll know", "a person could develop a cold", and "the oldest established permnanet floating crap game in new york!". joseph l. mankiewicz of "cleopatra" and "letter to three wives" fame directed the proceedings; and the flow of the work is very interestingly and successfully kept moving. he is equally adept at getting fine dialogue acting and directing such huge numbers as "luck be lady", the varied and challenging brawl section, the havana "a woman in love" section created for the film that precedes it, the presenting of the title song "guys and dolls" and "pet me, poppa" set in the club where blaine works. the acting is very uneven. simmons seems wrong for the part at times, brando gets by with the singing and is very good much of the time on instinct, charm and underplaying, even in the comedy. scenes. sinatra tries hard but is wrong for the role for several reasons as nathan detroit; blaine is a bit too-theatrical in selling her numbers, which she of course sings professionally. leonard, toomey, kaye, keith and pulley do what is asked and more at all points. the stylized opening and closing are made to work well; all in all, this film is a triumph for loesser's amiable and subtle lyrics, for director mankiewicz as ringmaster, and for the genre of musicals itself, so ably justified in this instance. delightful and very different.

i just want to add my two cents worth, and forgive me if i am repeating something that has already been posted, but i feel it is worth reminding people of the everlovin' genius of damon runyon. without the wonderfully street, hilarious writings of damon runyon this film would never have been made - nor most of the other great classics that deal with gamblers & the like from before 1960. damon runyon worked as a newspaper man, and he was from colorado, but he sure did _get_ the street scene of the east coast. if you are not a dedicated fan of old hollywood comedies, i would recommend a few other flicks from damon runyon's writings; "the lemondrop kid," and "little miss marker," both feature bob hope, who, aside from his politics, has always been a funny man. (as a west coast liberal, i find his politics fairly funny, too!) damon runyon lives!!!!

guys and dolls is a movie itching for a remake. it was made forty-eight years ago. its two main stars are either dead or 409 pounds. although a remake, with big stars now, would be box-office success, it would not be able to capture the magic that went into this version. its boundless energy can't be recaptured, nor can the pure joy you get when watching something like this: a huge, widescreen, big entertainment movie.marlon brando (who last clocked in at 409 lbs. last time i heard) plays sky masterson, one of the biggest gamblers in new york. frank sinatra is nathan detroit, whose as-often-as-he-can-find-a-speakeasy-for-it crap game is city-wide famous. however, when the one place he has left to hold it is charging $1,000, detroit needs the money fast. he bets masterson $1,000 that he can't take missionary sarah brown (jean simmons) to havana with him the next day.guys and dolls is basically nothing more than unsavory types singing and dancing, which usually, as it does here, add up to fun. it's obvious to see how this was a broadway musical: there weren't that many sets, and the scenes were long. if i was to complain about one thing, it's how uneven the songs were. at times, there were two songs in a scene; other times, thirty minutes went by without one. guys and dolls is never boring, just a great time.my rating: 8/10not rated.

marlon brando and frank sinatra hated each other while doing this film and in the years following it.brando asked sinatra for some singing lessons,but sinatra (who was already upset over the fact that he was cast as nathan detroit,when he wanted the part of skye masterson)wanted to be the star singer in the production and didn't want any one to be better than he was.he told brando to get lost,so to get back at him marlon kept screwing up the scene in the diner where sinatra was eating cheesecake so that he would have to keep eating,eating and eating.in the later years,sinatra gave brando the nickname "mumbles" or "mr.mumbles" because of the way he talks.

this musical was not quite what i expected, foremost being there weren't many scenes between brando and sinatra. as it was based on a damon runyon story, i expected irony and surprise, of which there was one really good one - when we find that sinatra's gang has used the salvation army office for their crap game while brando was in havana with simmons. if course it comes at the right moment too, when brando brings her back. i really didn't expect much from brando as a singer, but he surprised me. he wasn't great but he was just fine in the role. his big number in the sewer, however, with the rest of sinatra's boys was the only place i felt brando's voice was weak. he just didn't have the power the grand climax demanded. overall i found the scenes between brando and simmons to be filled with electricity, something i didn't think would happen when we first see simmons by herself, and later when we're introduced to brando in the restaurant with sinatra trying to pull a fast one on him. it wasn't until brando goes to her office that the story came to life. frank sinatra, on the other hand, was flat, even his vocal performances. and vivian blaine, who i never heard of, but who i guess played the role on broadway, just seemed to slow the proceedings down. the scenes between her and sinatra were obvious. also, her songs felt the weakest to me both in terms of advancing story or character. on top of that, all the goldwyn girls numbers seemed shoe horned in, just there for glitz. for example, when frank meets with brando in the nightclub, we just cut to the stage routine for the cat number - then it cuts back to the guys who continue on as if there hadn't been any dance number at all. whenever brando and simmons were on screen, i was having a great time, but each time we return to the sinatra-blaine story, my interest level waned. as for the songs, there were some good ones, particularly the very first number with stubby kaye, the fugue for tinhorns number (can do!). that's a great song and it reminded me of the very first song in the music man - cash for the merchandise... whatever it's called. and the number in the sewer - i couldn't help but be reminded of "cool" from west side story - which brings me to a point. i really did not like the art direction in this film. the fake times square was just so completely phony it drew attention to itself. same for the havana sequence, and particularly the sewer. i realize back in 1955 most musicals were shot on sets, but things were changing - carousel, for example, made great use of location photography. even on the town shot scenes in mahattan in 1949. by the time we get to west side story in 1961 it's a given that stuff taking place in manhattan had to be actually shot in manhattan. so by comparison, guys and dolls set-bound manhattan felt dated and more than a little too cute. and changing lindy's to mindy's - did they really have to do that for legal reasons? now, i always thought guys and dolls was a musical about sinatra and brando and their adventures with various girls. it was much more focused than that, which is to its credit. in that regard it is much better than les girls, which was interesting in it's own right, but had a certain shallowness to it. my one major complaint about guys and dolls, and i don't know if this is endemic to the original stage show, but when jean simmons realizes that brando never took any money for a bet that he made with sinatra and even said that he lost the bet, she just runs off to find him and we cut to the wedding. it seems to me a scene between brando and simmons would have added to the impact of the story. to see brando come around as she came around to him would have been a great scene. there is such a scene in the music man (spoilers ahead), when harold and marion have that duet while he's waiting for her to change. she's upstairs in her house, he's down on the sidewalk. he's singing 76 trombones. she's singing goodnight my someone. they suddenly switch and sing each other's songs - a beautiful way to convey their cross over to each other. it's an emotional high moment of the film. still, guys and dolls had a lot going for it.

oh, this is such a glorious musical. there's a bit of miscasting -- frank sinatra is sorely miscast as the jewish nathan detroit, though it only becomes evident on "sue me", which is a distinctly jewish song. sadly, the filmmakers decided to cut out one of the best songs from the show, "marry the man today", and replaced it with an inferior sinatra showpiece. with these two flaws in mind, the movie is otherwise magnificent. jean simmons shines as sarah brown. marlon brando can't sing worth beans, but pulls it off anyway. stubby kaye wonderfully reprises his broadway role (it was written for him). damon runyon's language and pacing and humor come through quite well. this is on my see-it-every-chance-i-get list.

this movie makes me want to fall in love all over again!i am naming my next daughter "adelaide". just so that someone who sings like ol blue eyes can swoon her one day, and feel the butterflies i felt hearing it sung, and it wasn't even to me! i give it a 9/10

along with south pacific, guys and dolls is for grown-ups - - it is sassy, sexy, and full of men being men and women being strung along.there is an energy and drive that makes this stand out from the pack - the strength of jean simmond's performance, and the charm of a young brando, and an already masterful sinatra add much to the overall feel and look of the piece.guys and dolls wins as it is unashamedly what it is: an mgm musical.still good to look at and listen too with great tunes and dance numbers - it will remain one of the classics of 20th century cinema and be watched with pleasure for years to come.warmly recommended.

i love this movie. my only disappointment was that some of the original songs were changed.it's true that frank sinatra does not get a chance to sing as much in this movie but it's also nice that it's not just another frank sinatra movie where it's mostly him doing the singing.i actually thought it was better to use marlon brando's own voice as he has the voice that fits and i could not see someone with this great voice pulling off the gangster feel of his voice.stubby kaye's "sit down, you're rockin' the boat" is a foot-tappin', sing-a-long that i just love. he is a hard act to follow with his version and i still like his the best.vivian blaine is just excellent in this part and "adelaide's lament" is my favorite of her songs.i really thought jean simmons was perfect for this part. maybe i would not have first considered her but after seeing her in the part, it made sense.michael kidd's choreography is timeless. if it were being re staged in the year 2008, i would not change a thing.i find that many times something is lost from the stage version to the movie version but this kept the feel of the stage, even though it was on film.i thought the movie was well cast. i performed in regional versions of this and it's one of my favorites of that period.

joseph l. mankiewicz is not remembered by most today as one of the finest directors in hollywood history, but this film proves that he is. already a success by doing sophisticated american dramas such as a letter to three wives and all about eve as well as successfully adapting shakespeare to life in julius caesar, mankiewicz does a marvelous job of bringing this hit broadway play to film and does it with style. marlon brando is perfect as sky masterson, even if he can't sing too well. he is the only actor who could pull it off perfectly wit his sheer coolness and clarity. frank sinatra is a wonderful singer, as expected, and does a good job of acting as nathan detroit. jean simmons is also very good as sarah brown and her scenes with brando sizzle with great chemistry. all supporting actors do their part, especially sheldon leonard as harry the horse in a very funny bit. still, mankiewicz should be given most of the credit for bringing a fine musical in its own right to the screen in such a way that it feels authentic in many scenes but is still a story in its own world. all in all, guys and dolls is a great musical and works on many levels it normally should not have.

at least something good came out of damon runyon's misguided attempt to sentimentalize the mafia. "guys and dolls," the seemingly indestructible stage musical, was captured on film in 1955 by joseph l. mankiewicz ("all about eve") in a colorful, enjoyable movie that featured an all-star cast including vivian blaine (from the original broadway show), jean simmons (whose character bears an odd resemblance to audrey hepburn in "roman holiday") and two of the all-time great leading men, frank sinatra and marlon brando, both of whom had recently won oscars for best supporting actor ("from here to eternity") and best actor ("on the waterfront") and were on the top of their game. one listen to brando singing "luck be a lady tonight" speaks volumes about where the early dylan got his voice. stubby kaye steals the show as nicely nicely johnson, who brings down the house with "sit down you're rocking the boat." the ubiquitous sheldon leonard adds yet another page to his rogue's gallery of screen gangsters. the film has a bright, cartoonish look, anticipating the pop art of the early 1960s. the characters speak in a stylized patois, apparently based on yiddish idioms. although the film's social attitudes and gender roles are dated, it's all great fun, and even the gentle kidding of the salvation army is harmless and reflects no real animosity toward organized religion. just seeing sinatra and brando in the same film is reason enough to watch this movie, but it has lots of other attractions to offer during its 149 minutes.

nathan detroit (frank sinatra) is the manager of the new york's longest- established floating craps game, and he needs $1000 to secure a new location. confident of his odds, he bets the city's highest-roller, sky masterson (marlon brando), that he can't woo uptight missionary sarah brown (jean simmons). 'guys and dolls (1955)' is such a great musical because it deftly blends the contrasting styles of film and stage. during a dazzling opening sequence, crowds of pedestrians move in rhythm, stopping and starting as though responding to backstage cues. even the walking movements themselves are stylised and angular, halfway between a walk and a dance. mankiewicz's new york city is a glittering flurry of art deco colour and movement, a fantasy world so completely removed from reality that even the business of underground gambling and criminal thuggery seems perfectly genial. as i write this review, i've just received word that jean simmons has passed away, age 80. this, unbelievably, was the first time i'd seen her in a film, yet she dazzled me from the beginning. her idealistic and sexually-repressed sarah comes out of her shell following an alcohol binge in havana, letting loose with an adorably playful rendition of "if i were a bell." even though both simmons and brando were non-singers, producer sam goldwyn decided not to dub their vocals, contending that "maybe you don't sound so good, but at least it's you." despite goldwyn's backhanded confidence, the pair both do well to carry entire musical numbers themselves. simmons suggests the same child-like liveliness that audrey hepburn might have brought to the role, and brando exudes such self-assurance and charisma that it doesn't matter that his singing voice isn't quite there.

i'm intrigued by the strong sense of favour towards (or sympathy for!) sinatra in the other reviews here. i've read elsewhere that sinatra never seems to have forgiven anyone for *not* being cast as sky masterson.ok, so who wouldn't want to be cast as sky masterson? – it's a great part: the charismatic successful gambler who makes a grave mistake when he allows himself to be suckered into a bet, in which he must take salvation army sargeant sarah brown on a date to cuba, or lose. it's not the money – it's the pride, but he and she meet their match. meanwhile nathan detroit must juggle his long-suffering fiancée adelaide with trying to find a spot for a craps game which will make him rich if it doesn't alienate his fiancée forever first.the film started life as a series of short stories by damon runyon: that's his unique dialogue you hear, and those are his great character names, and that's his horse-racing/nightclub/late night gambling world. then it became a musical, and you can't help but feel that in film form it never really left the stage. the camera is unusually static and the sets remarkably – and not pleasingly – flat and childlike. fortunately the music is so great, i don't care that much.my absolute favourite thing about this film, though, is the singing and acting of the two non-singers, brando (as sky) and jean simmons (as sargeant sarah brown). of course, putting pro singers into these roles would have produced better music; but what surely gets forgotten is that two such excellent actors brought something else to the party instead: what they lacked in vocal talent they more than made up for in gusto, acting ability, and pathos, pathos, pathos. you're with sky as he argues with sarah against reason, steadiness, pipes and safety. you enjoy sarah's loosening up under the influence of cuban "milk". you feel completely the suddenness and passion of their scene in the courtyard with bells ringing and an hour to go before the plane takes them home. as sky rightly says, it's "chemistry". pro singers – be they broadway belters or smooth crooners – can't necessarily be relied on to make this happen. (and they certainly didn't.) i read somewhere that brando criticised sinatra for not putting all of himself into his role of nathan detroit. sinatra in turn was infuriated by brando's four-take acting method. as a brando fan (does it show?!) i'm bound to take the other side, but i can't imagine that this film would have been the much-adored classic it is today if brando and simmons hadn't been in it with their wonderful chemistry; brando's unpredictability; simmons' face, all pink cheeks and brown hair, drunk and ashamed in a cuban bar. beautiful. i'll always want a copy of this film lying around in case i need to feel good again. you'll forgive me if give some of the nathan (sleep)talking parts the 100% brush-off though, won't you? you won't? oh, be quiet and have some more of mindy's cheesecake!

{possible spoilers coming up... you've been forewarned.}this is absolutely one of my all time favorite musicals and movie musicals! (the other is damn yankees with gwen verdon, tab hunter and ray walston) as we all know, sometimes the luster (not to mention the songs) of a show are lost in its transition from stage to screen. this is, for the most part, definitely not the case here.the sets are divine, bright and colorful, the characters are bigger than life and you can't help but love them, and michael kidd's choreography is absolutely stunning. (so glad to know they used the original broadway choreographer)all of the actors "bounce the ball" (that is, have unbeatable chemistry) to perfection in this film. frank and marlon are absolutely believable as the proprietor of the oldest established permanent floating crap game in new york, and the most notorious gambler who bets on even the most minute things-- such as his fever going up to 104 if he doesn't take penicillin. sweet, fresh faced jean simmons is perfect for the role of sarah (although it is true, her singing pipes are not as outstanding as that of isabel bigley or josie de guzman)-- the mission doll with a heart of gold and a drive to heal all. and last but certainly not least (on my list anyway) is miss vivian blaine, reprising her broadway role as miss adelaide-- the hot box lead singer and dancer who would like to finally end her 14 year engagement to nathan with marriage, and rid herself of the psychosomatic cold he's given her.first off, kudos to stubby kaye and b.s. pulley as they reprise their broadway roles as nicely-nicely johnson and benny southstreet. there were never two more loveable gamblers than these guys.brando is superb, as usual, and though he's not got the voice of robert alda or peter gallagher, you forget it-- as he has this sense of determination to bring all he can to his role as sky masterson. "luck be a lady" gives me chills every time i see him perform the number. especially enjoyable is hearing him say "daddy... i got cider in my ear."simmons is charming and pleasant in a role well suited to her looks, voice and the way she carries herself. you long so dearly for her not only to win sky (or, toward the end, believe him), but to help people overcome their gambling, drinking and other sins, and live a life with god. her rendition of "if i were a bell" is splendid, to say the least!sinatra is the man. he is so perfect for the role of nathan detroit-- and here he sings parts that sam levene from the broadway cast never could (terrific actor, but the chap was tone deaf... go figure). i really enjoyed the addition of the song "adelaide"... wish some guy would sing like that to me. frankie's cool, slick demeanor transcends the boundaries of this movie. but most importantly, you want him to marry adelaide.and speaking of adelaide, vivian blaine is just sheer perfection in this role. from the accent to her belting out "adelaide's lament", she's just terrific. and she's also my favorite part of the entire movie. she really makes you feel for adelaide... especially when she cries right before and then again during "sue me". i still haven't decided whether i like "pet me poppa" better than "bushel and a peck"... maybe i like them equally. either way, she does fantastic with those as well as "take back your mink." (i'm sad that they left out "hollanderize" from the film...) she's absolutely marvelous, not to mention hilarious, and my favorite part of the entire film.one of the best things about this movie is their lingo. it's a mixture of high class and street slang. never do they use "it's", "i'll" or "that's." it's always "it is", "i will" and "that is." overall, guys & dolls is one of my favorite all time movies and musicals, and it's one that you should take time to watch every time it comes on. my only complaint? no "marry the man today." now that's a good song.

guys and dolls is a unique play based on the characters. sky masterson(marlon brando) is a high-class gambler who takes up a bet with nathan detroit (frank sinatra) for one-thousand dollars. nathan needs the money so he canrun his usual crap game and make a fortune. the bet was that sky wouldn't be able to take just any girl to havana, cuba and the "doll" he chose was sarahbrown (jean simmons) who was in charge of a missionary. sky finally bribessarah enough to go to havana with him. they end up falling in love with each other, but later she accuses him of something he had no part in. nathan ran a crap game in the missionary the night they were gone. nathan's 14 year fiancé adelaide (vivian blaine) disapproves of nathan's gambling and tries to stop him from doing it. however, when the movie ends it all ends happy with a doublewedding.the songs in this movie are just wonderful no matter who sings it. marlonbrando has no singing voice at all and true they could have dubbed him but it didn't really matter. he did a wonderful acting job (obviously seeing as it's brando) and played his character very well. i have seen a few movies with jean simmons and thought that this movie was her weakest one, she also couldn'tsing at all. however, the singing is made up by frank sinatra, vivien blaine, and stubby kaye. vivien blaine and stubby kaye was also in the originalbroadway production of guys and dolls. vivien blaine had a terrific voice and was the perfect adelaide. if you like musical, and even if you don't, i advise you to watch this.

in 1954 marlon brando was the hot actor after his performances in streetcar named desire and on the waterfront. frank sinatra had yet to re-invent himself on the silver screen. but sinatra's portrayal as the erstwhile nathan detroit, helped re-establish sinatra with his fans.it is a great screen version of a great play and the choices of leads and support players are terrific. imagine a movie where brando sings? this was his one and only singing role as he portrayed sky masterson. in addition the female leads, jean simmons and vivian blaine(replaying her stage role as nathan's long suffering girlfriend adelade), put in superlative efforts. special mention goes to the great stubby kaye(as nicely nicely), and with all due respect to eric clapton, no one's version of rockin' the boat even comes close to stubby's. sheldon leonard, who would go on to fame as tv producer of such shows as the danny thomas show and the dick van dyke show does "harry the horse" wonders, b.s.pulley is excellent as the harsh mannered and rough talking "big julie", and even regis toomey offers his excellence as "brother arvide".it is one of the fun musicals to see, good comedy, and you get sinatra and brando. soooooo "luck be a lady tonight" and brother..."it's your dice"

damon runyon's world of times square, in new york, prior to its disneyfication, is the basis for this musical. joseph l. mankiewicz, a man who knew about movies, directed this nostalgic tribute to the "crossroads of the world" that show us that underside of new york of the past. frank loesser's music sounds great. we watch a magnificent cast of characters that were typical of the area. people at the edges of society tended to gravitate toward that area because of the lights, the action, the possibilities in that part of town. this underbelly of the city made a living out of the street life that was so intense.some of the songs from the original production were not included in the film. we don't know whether this makes sense, but this is not unusual for a hollywood musical to change and alter what worked on the stage. that original cast included the wonderful vivian blaine and stubby kaye, and we wonder about the decision of not letting robert alda, sam levene, isabel bigley repeat their original roles. these were distinguished actors that could have made an amazing contribution.the film, visually, is amazing. the look follows closely the fashions of the times. as far as the casting of marlon brando, otherwise not known for his singing abilities, frank sinatra and jean simmons, seem to work in the film. sky masterson is, after all, a man's man, who would look otherwise sissy if he presented a different 'look'. frank sinatra is good as nathan detroit. jean simmons, as sarah brown, does a nice job portraying the woman from the salvation army who suddenly finds fulfillment with the same kind of man she is trying to save.vivian blaine is a delight. she never ceases to amaze as miss adelaide, a woman with a heart of gold who's nathan detroit's love interest. ms. blaine makes a fantastic impression as the show girl who is wiser than she lets out to be. stubby kaye makes a wonderful job out of reprising his nicely nicely johnson.the wonderful production owes a lot to the talented abe burrows, who made the adaptation to the screen. the costumes by irene sharaff set the right tone.

tight script, good direction, excellent performances, strong cast, effective use of locations....paul mcgann gives a detailed, subtle performance as the man in the centre of a new murder investigation who may just have committed a similar murder previously.there is an interesting moral & emotional journey happening with his character (ben turner) and it intersects with the journey undertaken by amanda burton. inevitably they cross over... who has done what?the examination of why, both in the past and in the present, rather than who might have yielded a more interesting, dostoyevskian story, but hey, who's complaining?

this is possibly the best short crime drama i've ever seen. the acting is superb especially amanda burton who's character goes from scary to sweet to disturbing to sad and then some...she does an amazing job balancing rachels/carlas feelings and acting out the pain of someone who's lost a child, its so believable that it feels more like a real life story then a drama. the other actors are of course great too which they usually are in british tv/film. the ending,which i'm not going to give away,is fantastic mainly because you don't really get one... (you'll get what i mean after you've seen it) this is well worth buying and seeing over and over again and if you're not touched by this you're one cold hearted person.

many mystery stories follow the standard whodunit path: murder most foul, gathering of clues, gaggle of possible perps, sprinkling of red herrings, and inevitable showdown between clever evildoer and even more clever crime solver."forgotten" abandons the well-trod and gives us complex characters who may or may not have committed terrible acts. the fact that at the end of three episodes we have no easy answers and no neatly-tied package might frustrate some, but for me it was the indication of an intelligently crafted tale which probes, disturbs, and haunts with the question: what does an evil person look like?excellent acting and production combine to make a mystery not easily... forgotten.

back in the forties, when movies touched on matters not yet admissible in "polite" society, they resorted to codes which supposedly floated over the heads of most of the audience while alerting those in the know to just what was up. probably no film of the decade was so freighted with innuendo as the oddly obscure desert fury, set in a small gambling oasis called chuckawalla somewhere in the california desert. proprietress of the purple sage saloon and casino is the astonishing mary astor, in slacks and sporting a cigarette holder; into town drives her handful-of-a-daughter, lizabeth scott, looking, in technicolor, like 20-million bucks. but listen to the dialogue between them, which suggests an older lesbian and her young, restless companion (one can only wonder if a.i. bezzerides' original script made this relationship explicit). even more blatant are john hodiak as a gangster and wendell corey as his insanely jealous torpedo. add burt lancaster as the town sheriff, stir, and sit back. both lancaster and (surprisingly) hodiak fall for scott. it seems, however, that hodiak not only has a past with astor, but had a wife who died under suspicious circumstances. the desert sun heats these ingredients up to a hard boil, with face-slappings aplenty and empurpled exchanges. don't pass up this hothouse melodrama, chock full of creepily exotic blooms, if it comes your way; it's a remarkable movie.

marvelous james stewart, vera miles vehicle. what makes this historical film dealing with the fbi so good is the family element that is involved during a 35 year career as depicted by stewart in the film.the film shows a history of the great investigatory agency. it deals with airplane bomb plots, killing off of indians in oklahoma for real estate gain, fighting organized crime, nazis and communists in that order. the human element is never far behind as stewart weds vera miles. they raise 3 children as miles' heart goes out each time stewart goes out on assignment.look for a brief but memorable performance by murray hamilton. years later, he appeared as mr. robinson in 1967's "the graduate."the film has nothing but praise for j. edgar hoover. he certainly brought the fbi up to par.true, this could be viewed as right-wing propaganda, especially with stewart's real-life republican views, but it's well done, historically informative, and the view of the family so well depicted.

the history of the fbi, as told from the point of view of agent stewart via flashbacks, interwoven with his personal life story. stewart and miles (as his wife) are pretty good, as is hamilton as an earnest agent. the problem is that the episodic nature of the story makes it difficult to get involved. it's like watching bits and pieces of a dozen different movies as we get glimpses of a who's who cast of gangsters. some of the episodes are too long, some too short, and some just look out of place (stewart's daughter's school sequence). overall, it goes on way too long. nevertheless, it's worth a look for its handsome production values.

i found the fbi story considerably entertaining and suitably upbeat for my new years day holiday viewing. its drama and action-packed episodes were thrilling. the hardesty character was well drawn and admirable. overall the photography, script and direction was perfectly creditable. rather than taking the film to be a repugnant piece of propaganda, as some might, i enjoyed it as a well mounted portrayal of the necessity of ingenious minds and brave bodies in the fight against crime. again, the depiction of a family holding together even under the strain of the husband's commitment to his (arguably) important work, i did not find to be a twee representation but an ideal and exemplary one.

the film as entertainment is very good and jimmy stewart is excellent as chip hardesty, with well done co-starring turns by vera miles and murray hamilton. but the film, directed by legendary director mervyn leroy, was constantly vetted and script approval as well as every aspect of the film, down to clothing, was closely watched and controlled by j. edgar hoover. not that j. edgar hoover didn't have something to be proud of. his management of the bureau from 1924 to his death crated on of the finest investigative services in the world. but by 1959 hoover was already beginning to worry about being forced out and had already started to collect dossiers on powerful people to make sure and protect his little kingdom. and he was determined to make sure that no motion picture showed even a single wart about the bureau. the films shows only continued successes and glosses over the failures which occurred, and the bureau's part in the witch hunts of the early 1950's. enjoy the story, but with tongue firmly in cheek.

james stewart plays an fbi agent who began working with the agency before it was called the fbi and the story involves dealing with the ku klux klan, the prohibition era gangsters, world war ii german and japanese spies, etc. a continuously interesting picture covering 40 years of history; far superior to any films being made these days.of special interest to older viewers familiar with washington, dc. in a scene about 20 minutes into the movie --- where james stewart finds out from vera miles that she's expecting their first child --- the scene was filmed in herzog's seafood restaurant on the former washington waterfront, the only movie in which this historic location appears. shortly after taking office, president kennedy decided that southwest washington, a 99% black neighborhood, was an eyesore and ought to be torn down. by decree befitting his position of undisputed royalty, the entire area, including the popular waterfront restaurant district, but excluding 3 historic churches; was reduced to rubble. black residents evicted from their homes relocated as best they could, and without federal assistance; likewise businesses were simply put out of business, few re-locating. restaurant row was converted into a sidewalk, and washington had no waterfront (restaurants, seafood stands, boats, etc) for about 10 years. as a lifetime resident, the herzog restaurant scene was our #1 reason to see this fine movie again.

this isn't among jimmy stewart's best films--i'm quick to admit that. however, while some view his film as pure propaganda, i'm wondering what's so wrong with that? yes, sure, like the tv show the fbi, this is an obvious case of the bureau doing some pr work to try to drum up support. but, as entertainment goes, it does a good job. plus, surprisingly enough for the time it was made, the film focuses more on crime than espionage and "commies". instead, it's a fictionalization of one of the earliest agents and the career he chose. now considering the agent is played by jimmy stewart, then it's pretty certain the acting and writing were good--as this was a movie with a real budget and a studio who wasn't about to waste the star in a third-rate flick. so overall, it's worth seeing but not especially great.

i first saw this film as a young boy and recently purchased it on dvd.james stewart brings great depth to the role of chip hardesty, a hardworking and dedicated fbi agent. his life in the bureau is intercut with his family life, which is not all rosy. his wife (an excellent portrayal by vera miles) lives in fear of the dangerous nature of his job, and they even separate for a time; chip's best friend and fellow agent sam crandall (murray hamilton) is killed in a gunfight; chip's son, mike, enlists in the marines during world war ii. through it all, the family carries on with bravery and dignity.the action sequences are quite exciting and the semi-documentary style of the film works effectively. and the music by max steiner says it all; fidelity, bravery and integrity.this country owes a great debt of gratitude to the men and women of the fbi and, yes, to j. edgar hoover as well. if mr. hoover's type of vigilance had been observed, we might have been spared 9/11, the surge in crimes against children and many of the venal politicians we've had to put up with since his passing.

has anyone noticed that james earl jones is the waiter who is serving when hagarty's wife reveals that she is pregnant while they are at the restaurant next to the lake. i watched this movie on a video that i had taped off of the television. when i watched this scene i thought i recognized the voice of jones when the "waiter" laughed at the end. i rewound the tape then slowly stepped through that part as the camera pulled back and showed the waiter. listen closely as the waiter laughs when hagarty looks up and tells him that they are going to have a baby, then watch closely or slow down the scene when the camera shows the waiter, albeit, quickly.

this is a film that on the surface would seem to be all about j.edgar hoover giving himself a a big pat on the back for fighting klansmen,going after indian killers, hunting the famous gangsters of the 1930's, fighting nazi's in the us and south america during world war 2 and commies in new york during the early 1950's. of course in 1959 we did not know about mr. hoover's obsession for keeping secret files on honest americans, bugging people like the rev. martin luther king, jr, but worst of all,his secret love affair with his deputy director,clyde tolson( if you want to know more about that subject, i suggest seeing the film citizen cohn). hoover aside, this story of a life in the fbi as told by jimmy stewart makes for a decent, but dated film. vera miles as his devoted wife is also good. but jimmy is the movie. as much as hoover controlled production and always made sure the fbi was seen without fault, jimmy stewart gave the film a human side,quite an achievement considering hoover was always looking over his shoulder. the background score is also pleasant. i have read recent online articles suggesting that this is a forgotten film. jimmy stewart was one of the greatest film stars of all time and none of his films should be forgotten. tcm was the last network to show it a long time ago and i hope they show it again.

have you ever felt like your being watched, like someone keeps tabs on every move you make? well, just remember before you decide to break the law, the fbi will always be there. at least that's the feeling you get after watching the gripping but slightly mellow crime drama, the fbi story. it traces the roots of the organization from a small bureau to one of the most modern facilities in the world (in 1959), by telling the story through they eyes of one of its agents, chip hardesty (james stewart).chip was with the fbi from day one, and he gladly puts his job above everything else in the world, even occasionally his family. the fbi story tracks his life by depicting what he does as an agent, and how being one affects his personal life. the film does a spectacular job of showing what kind of cases the fbi handles and how they handle them. the audience gets to see chip stop ku klux klan riots, go undercover to solve an indian murder/estate scandal, bring fugitives into custody, rescue hostages, and helped fight in wwii. he even helped bring communist spies to justice.stewart, in a vaguely complex performance, is stellar (as always) as the slightly neurotic agent who loves his job maybe a little too much. one of the best parts about this film is that we get to see the inside workings of both chip's family life and his job. we witness him suffer through the death of his best friend and then his son. we also observe his wife having a miscarriage, and his marriage having rocky times. almost all of his personal problems are caused by love of his job. vera miles gives a spotty performance, but it's very convincing, none the less. she was never a brilliant actress, but there was always something very attractive and alluring about her. well maybe that's just me? sadly, none of the other performances are worth mentioning, but the attention-grabbing story managed to keep me exceedingly interested.the cinematography of this film was impressive, especially the scenes in the south american jungles. the colors all had a texture that really set the atmosphere of the film. perhaps the greatest part of this movie was mervyn leroy's fabulous direction. every scene was so fluid they just rolled together to tell a brilliant story. it's chock full of ingenious camera shots, some with a very hitchcockian feel.all in all, the fbi story is a spectacular, but overlooked film. clocking in at two and a half hours some viewers might be intimidated, but if you get the chance i recommend jumping into this one. i enjoyed jimmy stewart's spectacular performance, and the captivating story.

in the tradition of g-men, the house on 92nd street, the street with no name, now comes the fbi story one of those carefully supervised films that showed the federal bureau of investigation in the best possible light. while it's 48 year director j. edgar hoover was alive, it would be showed in no other kind of light.the book by don whitehead that this film is based on is a straight forward history of the bureau from it's founding in 1907 until roughly the time the film the fbi story came out. it's important sometimes to remember there was an fbi before j. edgar hoover headed it. some of that time is covered in the film as well.but warner brothers was not making a documentary so to give the fbi flesh and blood the fictional character of john 'chip' hardesty was created. hardesty as played by james stewart is a career fbi man who graduated law school and rather than go in practice took a job with the bureau in the early twenties.in real life the bureau was headed by william j. burns of the burns private detective agency. it was in fact a grossly political operation then as is showed in the film. burns was on the periphery of the scandals of the harding administration. when hoover was appointed in 1924 to bring professional law enforcement techniques and rigorous standards of competence in, he did just that. through the hardesty family which is stewart and wife vera miles we see the history of the fbi unfold. in addition we see a lot of their personal family history which is completely integrated into the fbi's story itself. stewart and miles are most assuredly an all american couple. we follow the fbi through some of the cases stewart is involved with, arresting ku klux klan members, a plot to murder oil rich indians, bringing down the notorious criminals of the thirties, their involvement with apprehending nazi sympathizers in world war ii and against communist espionage in the cold war.there is a kind of prologue portion where stewart tells a class at the fbi academy before going into the history of the bureau as it intertwines with his own. that involves a bomb placed on an airline by a son who purchased a lot of life insurance on his mother before the flight. nick adams will give you the creeps as the perpetrator and the story is sadly relevant today.of course if the fbi story were written and produced today it would reflect something different and not so all american. still the fbi does have a story to tell and it is by no means a negative one.the fbi story is not one of jimmy stewart's best films, but it's the first one i ever saw with my favorite actor in it so it has a special fondness for me. if the whole fbi were made up jimmy stewarts, i'd feel a lot better about it. there's also a good performance by murray hamilton as his friend and fellow agent who is killed in a shootout with baby face nelson.vera miles didn't just marry stewart, she in fact married the fbi as the film demonstrates. it's dated mostly, but still has a good and interesting story to tell.

this is an entertaining "history" of the fbi, but it should be viewed as fiction, because that's exactly what it is. what else could it be when j. edgar hoover personally approved and had a cameo role in the production. james stewart is excellent, as usual, and the supporting cast, except for the talentless vera miles, is good. murray hamilton is especially good in a supporting role as stewart's partner and best friend. the fbi accomplishments that the film highlights are undoubtedly all true. what is significant is what it leaves out.one of the most shameful parts of the film is the depiction of the killing of john dillinger. it is portrayed pretty much as it happened, but no mention at all is made of melvin purvis, the chicago bureau chief who headed the operation. instead, the operation is depicted as if the fictional chip hardesty were running it. it has been said that hoover was jealous of the publicity that purvis received after dillinger was killed; purvis was subsequently transferred to a remote outpost, and shortly afterward left the fbi. this is no doubt why purvis was never mentioned in the film. but this viewer, at least, paused to think that if purvis was treated this way, what about all the agents who conducted all the other operations depicted in the film. were they also completely ignored and replaced by the fictional hardesty.the film is probably accurate in its portrayal of fbi activity up through the end of wwii. however, after that point, the film would have us believe that the only threat facing the us came from international communism, which is no doubt what hoover believed. never mind the mafia. never mind the lynchings that were still going on in the south. never mind that blacks were being intimidated to keep them from voting in much of the south. i don't know if the fbi had started wiretapping martin luther king by the time this film was made, but if not, it wasn't very long afterward that it started.as i said at the outset, this is pretty good entertainment, but it should be viewed as the sanitized fictionalization that it is.

the tenants began as a 1971 short novel by the now deceased bernard malamud - writer/philosopher - examining the conflicts between jews and african americans in the incendiary atmosphere of brooklyn at the time the book was written. as a novel the story was gut wrenchingly real: as transcribed into a screenplay by novices david diamond and danny green (who also directs) it is more of a cerebral dissertation that gradually erupts into action in the final moments.harry lesser (dylan mcdermott) is a jewish novelist with one book under his belt but currently attempting to finish his 'newest' book ten years into the writing. convinced that he must complete the novel in the same environment where it was started. he is the sole tenant in a condemned brooklyn tenement owned by levinspiel (seymour cassel) who constantly tries to 'buy out' harry's lease so that the filthy dilapidated building can be demolished. into this atmosphere enters another black militant quasi-anti-semitic writer willie spearmint (snoop dogg) whom harry befriends, hides, and offers help to the nascent novelist's attempt to write about the death of all white people. harry's attempts to help willie lead to conflict, not the least of which is harry's meeting willie's girlfriend, the white jewish irene bell (rose byrne) at a less than friendly gathering of willie's militant black brothers and sisters. willie and irene are on the skids and harry gradually falls in love with irene and they plan to leave new york as soon as harry finishes his novel. when willie hears of the assignation and is further critiqued by harry, willie explodes and begins the downward descent of not only a delicate friendship but also a competition between writers. the ending 'reveals the slippery nature of the human condition, and the human capacity for violence and undoing'.the actors do their best with a script that is a bit awkward but despite scripted lines that border on preaching they create believable characters. the cinematography enhances the story, keeping the mood dank and dense and primarily confined to the condemned building. the musical score appropriately makes use of the solo jazz trumpet and blues piano to underline the tension and isolation of each of these groundless characters. though it takes some patience to make it through the cerebral ramblings, the film in the end is worth watching. at least it attempts to recreate malamud's bizarre look at life in the big city. grady harp

being that i am not a fan of snoop dogg, as an actor, that made me even more anxious to check out this flick. i remember he was interviewed on "jay leno," and said that he turned down a role in the big-budget adam sandler comedy "the longest yard" to be in this film. so obviously, snoop was on a serious mission to prove that he has acting chops. i'm not going to overpraise snoop for his performance in "the tenants." there are certainly better rapper/actors, like mos def, who could've done more with his role. but the point is snoop did a "good" job. he can't seem to shake off some of his trademark body movements and vocal inflections, but that's something even jack nicholson has a problem doing. the point is i found him convincing in the role, and the tension between him and dylan mcdermott's character captivating. mcdermott, by the way, gives the best performance in the film, though his subtle acting will most likely be overshadowed by snoop's not-so-subtle acting. being a big reader and aspiring writer myself, i couldn't help but find the characters and plot somewhat fascinating. it did aggravate me how snoop's character would constantly ask mcdermott to read his work, and berate him for criticizing it. but you know what? i'm sure a lot of writers are like that. his character was supposed to be flawed, as was mcdermott's, in his own way. my only mild criticism of the film would be its ending. for some reason, it just felt too rushed for me, though the resolution certainly made sense and was motivated by the characters, rather than plot.

i watch cold case because of the real life experiences depicted. this one was very close to me and touched me deeply, so beautifully handled, thanks, merideth. all the characters are well developed 3d especially coop. the material is still difficult to approach, the us is far behind the developed nations of the world. only this kind of honest actual experiential portrayal and treatment makes an impact on the population. of course, not everyone sees things the same way but i am heartened that 3/4 of the men polled in the under 30 crowd voted the same as me 10. you're reaching the hard ones - i will forever reserve the "best episode" place for this episode. please continue taking chances and accept my heartfelt gratitude.

a convict serving time comes forward to give the cold case unit information about the murder of a policeman, committed years before. the murder of sean cooper, a good cop, was never solved. naturally, the detectives believe the new evidence will help them put together all the pieces of the puzzle that frustrated their colleagues.in flashbacks we are taken to the baptism of james bruno's baby. sean and jimmy were partners. there is tension as sean, who is the godfather, arrives disheveled and late for the rite. eileen bruno doesn't appear to be happy being there. the real mystery is revealed by her. she caught sean, who was drinking with jimmy in the backyard, kiss her husband, and more shocking yet, jimmy responding willingly.somehow at the station the partners become the center of gossip. sean has not endeared himself to his superior because he discovered the involvement with a criminal in his area who controlled the drug business. sean realizes this man is in with the drug strong man because he always makes an excuse to free the scum bags sean and jimmy haul into the station all the time. the pressure is too much on jimmy. sean is comfortable in his homosexuality and wants to be honest about it. cooper's own father doesn't want anything to do with a queer son. even his superior mccree wants him out of his jurisdiction, but the case is complicated because cooper comes from a long line of irish men serving in the police force. sean is killed because his homosexual condition, and for knowing too much on his peers' involvement in taking dirty money.tom petit wrote this honest portrayal of the life of a police officer in the closet and his secret love with another fellow cop. we thought it was a frank account of a serious matter no one talked about in those days. sometimes the people involved with the show, fearing reprisals from sponsors, or the networks, don't dare to present these real situations. jeannot szwarc, shows a sensitive approach to this thorny issue, which is dealt without the sensationalism the case might have been shown with a different team.there is a rare chad everett appearance as the older jimmy bruno. his take is right on target with a touch of sentimentality that doesn't get out of hand. shane johnson makes an excellent contribution to the show as sean cooper. the cast is marvelous and it includes good all around performances from everyone under mr. szwarc's direction.in this episode, nick vera, gets closer to his neighbor, the mother of the basketball player the detective took his ball away. nick is heading for romance with the woman!

i have watched quite a few cold case episodes over the years, beginning with season 1 episodes back in 2003-2004. and while most have been good, this particular episode was not only the best of the best, but has few rivals in the emmy categories. though some may not agree with the story content (i.e. the male-to-male romantic relationship), i doubt that anyone could watch this without being deeply moved within their spirit.the story is essentially about a case that was reopened, based on the testimony from a dying drug dealer. the two central actors are two police officers in the 1960's named sean coop (aka, the cold case victim who goes by his last name, coop) and his partner, jimmy bruno. in the story, coop is single, a vietnam war vet, with a deeply troubled past. jimmy, however, is married, with children no less. both are partners on the police force and form not only a friendship, but a secret romantic relationship that they both must hide from a deeply and obviously homophobic culture prevalent at that time.the flashback scenes of their lives are mostly in black and white, with bits of color now and then sprinkled throughout. examples include their red squad car, the yellow curtains gently blowing by the window in jimmy's bedroom, where jimmy's wife watched coop and jimmy drink, fight, and then kiss each other while being in an alcohol-induced state. i found it interesting that only selected items were colored in the flashback scenes, with everything else in black and white. i still have not figured out the color scheme and rationale.the clearly homophobic tension between fellow patrol officers and the two central actors only heightens the intensity of the episode. one key emotional scene was when coop was confronted by his father after the baptism of jimmy's baby. in this scene, coop's father, sarge, who was a respected fellow officer on the force, confronts coop about the rumors surrounding coop's relationship with jimmy. one can feel sorry for coop, at this point, as the shame and disgrace of coop's father was heaped upon coop - "you are not going to disgrace our family...and you're not my son, either." - clearly indicative of the hostile views of same-sex relationships of that era.additional tension can also be seen in the police locker room where coop and another officer go at it after coop and jimmy are labeled "batman and robin homos". as for the relationship between coop and jimmy, it's obvious that coop wanted more of jimmy in his life. once can see the tension in jimmy's face as he must choose between his commitment to his wife and kids, his church, and yet his undying devotion to coop.in the end, jimmy walks away from coop, realizing that he cannot have both coop and his family at the same time. sadly, coop is killed, perhaps because of his relationship with jimmy, but coop may also have been killed for his knowledge of drug money and police corruption that reached higher up in the force.the most moving scene in the whole episode was when coop, as he sat dying from gunshot wounds in his squad car, quietly spoke his last words over his police radio to his partner: "jimmy...we were the lucky ones. don't forget that."the soundtrack selection was outstanding throughout the episode. i enjoyed the final scene with the actor chad everett, playing the still grieving jimmy, only much older by now, and clearly still missing his former partner, coop.i highly recommend this episode and consider it the best. it is without a doubt the most well-written, well-acted, and well done of all cold case episodes that i've ever seen.

this was a fantastic episode. i saw a clip from it on youtube, and i vowed that should it ever show on tv, i would glue myself to the set in order to watch. i wound up watching it with a friend of mine, who happens to be gay, and the two of us cried at the end. this was a truly well-written, heartfelt episode of the forbidden love between two cops who, i felt, really were (in coop's words) "the lucky ones". it is episodes like this one that really make cold case one of the most captivating and much-loved works of television magic on cbs. i anxiously await more episodes, and a re-run of "forever blue" because i will always watch it again and again.

this was one of the all time best episodes. officer sean cooper was murdered in his patrol car back in '68. a dying convict in the state penitentiary reveals that he stole a block of heroin from the car after the shooting. his case is reopened with the presumption that he was corrupted as a policeman.further investigation into him as a police officer and a human being reveals a war veteran involved in a forbidden love. this type of love was considered shameful and something to at least keep hidden at that time.while this isn't the type of love i personally support, he was still a policeman and a human being and shouldn't have been killed for it. the sound track was excellent (keeps me watching the dvr), and the selective use of black and white mixed with color to emphasize one object or give a particular feeling to a scene was especially appealing. i shall be watching this one in repeat!

what a stunning episode for this fine series. this is television excellence at its best. the story takes place in 1968 and it's beautifully filmed in black & white, almost a film noir style with its deep shadows and stark images. this is a story about two men who fall in love, but i don't want to spoil this. it is a rare presentation of what homosexuals faced in the 1960s in america. written by the superb tom pettit, and directed by the great jeannot szwarc, we move through their lives, their love for each other, and their tragedy. taking on such a sensitive issue makes this episode all the more stunning. our emotions are as torn and on edge as the characters. chills ran up my spine at the end when they played bob dylan's gorgeous, "ah, but i was so much older then, i'm younger than that now," as sung by the byrds. this one goes far past a 10 and all the way to the stars. beautiful.

i've watched a bunch of episodes of cold case since its premiered (especially now that it immediately follows the amazing race, but this was one of the best instances of writing and acting i've seen from the house of bruckheimer. the casting, especially of the younger officers, was spot on, and the script and editing, the soundtrack, and the acting made this episode a tour d'force. if i were the producers i would submit this episode for emmy consideration. it amazing how complete a portrait was made of coop and jimmy within the confines of s 48 minute episode; that takes a lot of talented people doing their best. i hope there's is advance warning of when this episode is repeated, because i'm sure i'll notice a lot that i did not notice the first time around.

this is a pretty decent example of film noir. the setting is the early 50's with the communists trying to steal weapon secrets from the us government.richard widmark is the suave pickpocket without scruples. he gives a pretty decent performance but there is nothing a-list about him. the interesting thing was that he was not only an anti-hero but through most of the film, an unlikeable anti-hero. that is not very normal. jean peters gave a so-so performance as the hooker with the heart of gold. that great character actress thelma ritter shines as the stool-pigeon.the plot had its fair share of twists and turns, wisecracks and tough talk. there is a fight scene near the end of the movie (in the subway station) that was pretty gritty and exciting.i think noir fans (like myself) will enjoy this film. for non-noir viewers, it may seem a little dated and the whole commie thing a tad overdone.

samuel fuller is an interesting filmmaker, mainly because he had some very inconsistent politics in his films. while "shock corridor" and "the naked kiss" represented the hypocrisies and lunacy of america and "the big red one" was an effective portrait of the horrors of war, "merrill's marauders" painted war as necessary hell and "pickup on south street" is about the dangers of communist spies. all of his films make for very entertaining viewing, and even though he was often pigeonholed as a b-filmmaker, fuller was just as good as any of the major studio contractors. "pickup on south street" is no exception, and despite the dated themes, the film-making style is remarkably ahead of its time. its also a very quickly-pace, tight, and occasionally brutal film noir.the acting across the board is fantastic. richard widmark makes for a great anti-hero and jean peters is quite sexy as a girl who works for her communist spy boyfriend. the show stealer is thlema ritter however, in an absolutely delightful performance as a police stoolie. the angles fuller employs are great, making the acting sequences all the more exciting and brutal (this is very violent for its time). the camera continuously moves around just as tarantino and his school would do forty years later. "pickup on south street" is a great action-paced noir thriller. "shock corridor" remains my favorite fuller film, but this is a very close second. (8/10)

richard widmark is a tainted character in this movie. he is a professional pickpocket. he's been in prison three times, yet at the beginning of the film, he tries to make it four. thelma ritter is a busy body selling information to almost everybody. jean peters is amazing as the girl flamed by widmark.this is a period piece during the mccarthy era where the red scare ruled the politics and is worked into this plot quite nicely. what is unusual about this film is that peters & ritter are both victims of violent beatings in an era where women were seldom more than sex objects in films. this is what makes this film noir as women often got different roles in this type of film.the film is only 87 minutes long and was obviously made by fox as the under card for double features in the theater. the sets show it is a limited budget film. the script made j edgar hoover mad because patriotism is given short shrift. hoover wanted it changed.instead, it became a b under card picture that was a sleeper hit in 1953. the script & acting in it are better than other big features were that year.

thelma ritter did steal the picture. i just finished watching it again. i couldn't help becoming emotional in her final scene. she didn't get the oscar. that's why you shouldn't put too much faith in oscars. richard widmark never had a better part and was perfect casting as a 3-d, flawed human being. jean peters was great as the streetwise, tough girl in her best role ever. and richard kiley must have been very good; why else would i have hated him so. yes, it was heavy handed on the patriotism; but, without it, you don't have much of a film. watch their faces! the top three stars didn't really need much script. i would like to have seen them do this film without dialogue. if you've ever seen ray milland and rita gam in "the thief", maybe you know what i mean. when i was a kid in 1956 on my first trip to nyc, i made my bronx uncle drive us to the foot of south street looking for no. 66. that's when i knew that hollywood couldn't be trusted. but i did find the river.i'm not giving away much of the story because i hate it when i know what happens before i see it for myself. if you have seen it, no elucidation is necessary. just maybe, someone who is reading these comments hasn't seen "pickup on south street". you will like it; just don't go looking for 66 south street in new york city.

this 1953 sam fuller movie contains some of his best work, and its sad that he couldn't continue to get the backing of major hollywood studios to do his stuff. the story line goes something like this. a tough hard broad (read prostitute) is riding the subway one hot summer day, and gets her pocketbook picked by skip mccoy. what skip (and the dame) don't realize is that she is also carrying some microfilm to be passed to commie spies. this opening shot without dialogue, and mostly in tight close-ups is a beaut,one of the many that fuller uses throughout the movie. playing the babe known as candy is jean peters, who was never better nor better looking. one forgets how beautiful she was, and she handles this role very well. the pickpocket is played by richard widmark, who had already made his mark, and set his style with 1947's kiss of death as the crazy creep with the creepy laugh, and although he's a little "softer" here, he's still scary. these hard edged characters do have soft spots here and there, but its noir and nasty all the way. the standout performance belongs to the wonderful thelma ritter,who plays moe the stoolie saving up her dough to pay for her own funeral. ritter received a well deserved oscar nomination for her performance, but lost out to the boring but popular performance of donna reed as the b girl (read prostitute) in "from here to eternity." hollywood loves it when a good girl goes bad, and loves to oscar them even though their performance is usually awful. see for instance shirley jones in "elmer gantry. set among the docks and dives of new york city, with crisp black and white photography by the great joe macdonald,and some very good art direction. especially good is the set representing the new york city subways and widmark's shack near the river. made at the height of the cold war and red scare, the villian of the piece is the ordinary looking commie, played by richard kiley who is much more dangerous than the pickpocket who is a criminal but is just trying to make a living and above all is a loyal american.

in what will probably find itself on my list of fuller's best movies (that is, once i see more of them that just this and shock corridor), pickup on south street is a film noir where the femme fatale, as well as the male protagonist, are not the stereotypical ones in the genre. like most of his other works, fuller injects his own experiences and the sense of new york style that is usually absent in the hollywood noirs. on a small budget- at least for the likes of darryl f. zanuck- fuller and his actors create personas that are likable even in such a dark atmosphere. the good guys are basically the ones who won't get violent with you even as they're looking for an extra buck. richard widmark, jean peters, and thelma ritter are all terrific in the lead parts. widmark is one only a few actors i can think of who could've really pulled off this character. he's a little like bugs bunny, as he can be a wise-ass who is a little sneaky. on the other hand, the character of skip mccoy does have a set of values in his life. he doesn't go into other people's affairs, and doesn't try and care about much of the working world outside of his little shack on the river, after being sent away for three years. he slips up, unbeknownst to him, when he pickpockets a woman (peters) on the train, and lifts an item that's under the eye of the government. it may have some secrets that could make him a lot of money. but at what cost is the centerpiece of the film, as it involves stoolie moe (ritter is one of the finest, and most believable, character actors from the period), the woman's ex (a volatile kiley), and the police department.aside from the thematic elements, which are told with a keen dramatic, journalistic style (as was fuller's previous position, along with boxer), the dialog is fresh and involving. there's a spontaneity in many of fuller's camera moves. and what a third act. this is a lean, tight film-noir that is worth checking out even if you're not familiar with fuller (it's comparatively less bizarre than some of his later works).

director sam fuller has something of a cult following, particularly in europe. yet the bulk of his films are more than forgettable. he did however direct one really terrific movie in "pickup on south street". made pretty early on in his career, the movies that followed were vastly inferior.from the first to the last frame, "pickup" works on all levels. it's filmed with flawless fluidity, boasting fine performances all round. richard widmark and thelma ritter both players with a fine record of top notch performances, are at their peak. widmark, who was no stranger at playing villains, while truly mean to the core, still manages to reveal just the slightest humanity which makes his character fascinating as well as making jean peters character's falling for him all the more credible.fuller holds no punches in this genuinely tough movie. there is a scene in which jean peters get roughed up by widmark. it's truly shocking in its reality. this is not a case of carefully choreographed photography.less self conscious than many film noir's of the period this remains a great example of the genre.

samuel fuller brings his customary playful and stylish direction to this seedy, pulpy story and manages to create one of the undiscovered gems of 1950s cinema.richard widmark plays a petty thief tough guy (a role he perfected over the course of many movies), who snatches a young lady's (jean peters) wallet on a new york subway and with it a piece of much-wanted microfilm. this is 1953, so of course the microfilm is property of commie spies who will stop at nothing to get it back. when the girl shows up at widmark's waterfront shack, sent by an abusive boyfriend to reclaim the film, widmark senses the opportunity to shake her and her "comrades" down for big money. the plot thickens, people start dying, and widmark and peters fall in love.fuller handles the love story clumsily, but more from a sense of indifference than bad writing or direction. it's as if he included a love story under duress, and so made it intentionally unbelievable, as love stories so frequently were and still are in hollywood films. peters gives a remarkable performance as a tough new yawk cookie, part gangster moll and part damsel in distress. when violence occurs against her, we genuinely care about her well being, and it's typical of fuller's renegade, ahead-of-his-time style that a happy ending is not necessarily a foregone conclusion.but the ultimate success of "pickup on south street" rests squarely on the world-weary shoulders of thelma ritter, who plays moe, a feisty lady who makes money any way she can, whether that be selling neckties or acting as a police informant. ritter gives the performance of her career; in a breathtaking monologue, she conveys without ever directly addressing it the entire sad trajectory of her character's life, and the hopelessness she feels waking up every morning to a world of struggle, crime and hardship. it's as if every character ritter ever played converges for one brief instant to give vent to all of the emotions they weren't given a chance to vent in those other movies. the scene is the highlight of fuller's film, and a highlight of 50s cinema, period.grade: a+

this film is a spicy little piece of film-making from sam fuller which gives richard widmark the chance to show of some of his best, most edgy acting in the role of skip mccoy, a small-time thief who stumbles onto a military secret while picking beautiful candy's (jean peters) pocket on a crowded bus. it turns out candy was doing a favor for her (ex?)boyfriend, who's working for the "commies".superficially, there's a mystery here regarding candy's motives and skip spends much of the film determining her motives…. actually he seems to just initially assume that she's a "commie", going so far as to pour beer in her face in a callous gesture. but the real question is – what's going on with skip? what are his motives, and why does candy like him so much? why do we (the audience) want to like him so much? basically what the film-makers have done here is create a very striking "male fatale" in widmark's character and his performance. just as the male audience tends to ponder through the length of a film like "the big sleep" or "the glass key" along with the main characters whether the female character is trustworthy or just a pretty face, the film-makers have here created a similar quandary for female viewers. widmark is handsome, and there's also a charm in his boyish insouciance – but the first two times he meets our leading lady, he robs her and then punches her in the face. eventually the question becomes – would skip sink so low as to sell out his country for a buck (his comments to the police, like "you're waving a flag at me?" make us suspect he would) or is he simply out for revenge for the murder of his friend moe (thelma ritter)? i'm not sure that the film gives us a conclusive answer either way.thelma ritter's character work deserves special mention – she has created a truly indelible character here. fuller isn't afraid to give her plenty of "business" – in the form of physical objects that she uses to draw the audience into her world, particularly her used ties. another example of fuller's "business" would be the scene with victor perry (an actor i've seen elsewhere used to less effect) using the chopsticks to intimidate candy.the emphasis on moe's relationship with skip provides one of cinema's most revealing "honor among thieves" themes. in fact skip has the same kind of ease and the same kind of casual relationship with the police, with the notable exception of capt. tiger (murvyn vye) who has a grudge against him. i loved the scene where he invited the cops in by name and offered them a beer when they came to pick him up at his shack. those are the kind of details that make this film feel real – whether or not it really is "realistic" or whether that would matter are entirely separate questions.all told, i would say this is an essential crime film which displays a lot of the best and most durable attributes of the "film noir" school of film-making. a predictable plot is off-set by a host of colorful characters (uniformly well-performed), cheap sets are disguised by the film's unrelenting pace, and the final product feels a lot more substantial than it probably is. this is the best film i've seen so far by sam fuller and helps me to see better why he's regarded as a master director – here he accomplished some things that i think he tried but ultimately failed to do in other films like "the crimson kimono" and "shock corridor" as far as very emphatic acting styles and really gripping suspense. this is one of my favorite performances from widmark that i've seen so far – and widmark was a talent that i'm tempted to say (based on the few extraordinary films i've seen with him) was comparable to that of alan ladd or humphrey bogart, although arguably he didn't make as many classic films.

this crime thriller is sort of like a film noir, though changes the context from post-war to cold war and has something relatively decent to say about humanity. in "pickup on south street", policemen are good guys, criminals are genuine guys, and the only enemies are "the commies", who are ultimately differentiated from the good-guys in that they are emotionally personable, driven by an actual care for their own worth, as shown in the constant tracked-in close-ups that speckle the movie.this movie revolves around characters. the personalities in this film are rather unique and detailed: skip the pick-pocket who is able to stare down any danger, and sometimes while going through their personal possessions; moe the informer who is just trying to save up for a spectacular funeral, but who manages to capture the hearts and respect of nearly all the other characters (and the audience); candy, the ill-named innocent girl who only thinks she's doing government work and doesn't fully comprehend the conspiracy she's involved with; and joey, the ex-boyfriend evil commie baddie who is trying to hide everything from everybody and, ironically, is the worst person at doing it. throw in a bunch of very colorful supporting characters (such as the guy with the chopsticks and the policemen) and "pickup on south street" treats you to a splendor of personalities as they hunt down the mysterious and accidentally stolen microfilm frames.--polarisdib

'shock corridor (1963)' was my first film from samuel fuller, and there i was impressed with the director's astute blending of b-movie and big-budget aesthetics, even if the story itself was pure schlock. 'pickup on south street (1953)' was released a decade earlier in fuller's career, obviously produced on a larger budget from a big-name studio, twentieth century-fox. nevertheless, the visuals are still notable in that there's a somewhat raw, naturalistic element to the photography, not unlike dassin's 'the night and the city (1950)' and kazan's 'panic in the streets (1950)' {the latter was also shot by cinematographer joe mcdonald}. in some scenes, fuller shoves the camera so close to his actors' faces that they're out of focus, bluntly registering the intimate thoughts, emotions and brief inflections that are communicated through that most revealing of facial features, the eye. though (unexpectedly) prone to melodrama, and with just a hint of anti-communist propaganda, 'pickup on south street' is a strong film noir that succeeds most outstandingly in its evocation of setting – the underground of new york city.when just-out-of-prison pickpocket skip mccoy (richard widmark) snags the purse of a woman on the subway (jean peters), he pockets more than he'd originally bargained for. the woman, candy, and her cowardly ex-boyfriend joey (richard kiley) had been smuggling top-secret information to the communists, and mckoy has unexpectedly retrieved an important roll of micro-film. will he turn in the macguffin to the proper authorities, or sell it to the highest bidder? if 'pickup on south street' has a flaw, it's that the story seems designed solely to bolster an anti-communist agenda, reeking of propaganda like nothing since wwii {dwight taylor, who supplied the story, also notably wrote 'the thin man goes home (1944),' the only propagandistic movie of the series}. for no apparent reason, every identifiable character – even the smugly self-serving skip mccoy – eventually becomes a self-sacrificing patriot, the transformation predictable from the outset. in traditional film noir, the unapologetic criminal always gets his comeuppance, the rational punishment for his sins, but apparently not when they've served their country; patriotism wipes the slate clean.richard widmark, an actor who i'm really beginning to like, plays the haughty pickpocket with composure, though always with that hint of ill-ease that suggests he's biting off more than he can chew. the opening scene on the train is the film's finest, as mccoy breathlessly and silently fishes around in his victim's hand bag, recalling bresson's 'pickpocket (1959).' thelma ritter is terrific as a tired street-woman who'll peddle information to anybody willing to pay for it (though, of course, she draws the line at commies). jean peters is well-cast as the trashy dame passing information to the other side, playing the role almost completely devoid of glamour; fuller reportedly cast the actress on the observation that she had the slightly bow-legged strut of a prostitute. nevertheless, peters must suffer a contrived love affair with widmark that really brings down the film's attempts at realism. fascinatingly, upon its release, 'pickup on south street' was promptly condemned as communist propaganda by the fbi, and the communist party condemned it for being the exact opposite. go figure.

from the opening scene aboard a crowded train where a ruthless pickpocket is at work (richard widmark) stealing from a woman's purse (jean peters), pickup on south street is relentlessly fascinating to watch. partly it's because the acting is uniformly strong from the entire cast, the b&w photography is crisp and adds to the starkness of the story and characters, and because samuel fuller's direction puts him in the same league with the biggies like john (asphalt jungle) huston. in fact, it has the same urgency as the huston film about a heist that goes wrong--but the payoff is not quite as strong.jean peters is excellent as the hard-edged girl whom widmark describes as being "knocked around a lot". she gives a lot of raw energy and sex appeal to her role of the not too bright woman carrying a micro-film in her purse for her boyfriend (richard kiley), something the fbi already knows about. they're on her trail when the theft occurs.thelma ritter adds realism to her portrait of a woman called "moe" who buys and sells anything to make a profit and ends up paying for it with her life. she's particularly touching in her final scene with kiley.this one is guaranteed to hold your attention through its one hour and twenty minute running time. good noir from fox and notable for the performances of widmark, peters and ritter.

the only thing about this film that bums me out is that the dvd is so expensive. it's too much for my budget at the moment, or i would purchase it, because the film is a good example of film noir...and i enjoy watching richard widmark, jean peters and thelma ritter.criterion produces great dvds but sometimes the asking price is just a bit much. that's the case here for an 80-minute black-and-white, mono sound film that is good but nothing extraordinary, cinematography-wise.the story is the story here (as opposed to visuals, actors, sound, sets, etc.) as a pickpocket (widmark) inadvertently winds up with espionage microfilm in his possession after pilfering peters' purse. (say that three times!). everyone but peters is a believable character in this movie: widmark, the cops, the u.s. agents and the communists and, especially ritter as "moe," an informant. she and widmark are the stars of this film.peters does a decent job of playing the cheap floozy but loses her credibility early on by "falling in love" with widmark on the first meeting even though he's nasty to her. only in world of film!! too bad, because that ludicrous romance part of the story takes away from it.this an average film noir which means good, but not great and certainly not worth owning at a price of $25-$35. for that price, one could do a lot better in the film noir market.

busy phillips put in one hell of a performance, both comedic and dramatic. erika christensen was good but busy stole the show. it was a nice touch after the smokers, a movie starring busy, which wasnt all that great. if busy doesnt get a nomination of any kind for this film it would be a disaster. forget mona lisa smile, see home room.

samuel fuller's pickup on south street is anomalous: a "red scare" movie devoid of hysteria, in which the communist threat is nothing more than the mcguffin that ignites the plot. pickpocket richard widmark relieves loose woman jean peters of her wallet containing a strip of microfilm; unbeknownst to either of them, it harbors secrets vital to the cold war. peters, as it happens, was under surveillance by fbi agents who are as nonplussed by the theft as the man who's running her, cowardly comsymp richard kiley. in trying to retrieve the precious film, both sides enlist the help of thelma ritter, a streetwise old jane who's always on the earie and willing to sell what she hears.fuller draws from an opulent palette of tempos and tonalities in telling the story, which becomes a race against the clock of escalating brutality. from the subways to the waterfront, his midsummer manhattan takes on a sweaty sheen that's almost pungent. the love scenes between peters and widmark become an unstable mixture of the tumultuous and the tender, and they're scored to "again," a song introduced by ida lupino in road house, also starring widmark. the pace slackens for ritter's beautifully written and played death scene -- among the most poignant vignettes in all noir, and a kind of mirage-oasis in a film parched of sentimentality. this is writer/director fuller's only work in the strictest confines of the noir cycle; his later explorations of american pathology (the crimson kimono, the naked kiss, underworld u.s.a.) never resulted in a synthesis as satisfying as pickup on south street.

pickup on south street (1953), directed by movie maverick samuel fuller, contains a stunning opening that establishes a double complication. subway rider candy (susan peters) collides with pickpocket skip mccoy (richard widmark dipped in shades of sinatra cool). she's unaware that she carries valuable microfilm; mccoy is unaware of grifting it. both are unaware of being observed by two federal agents. thus the grift sets in motion a degree of knowledges. candy is doubly watched (skip and the police) and therefore doubly naive; skip, the overconfident petty thief, is singularly unaware, trailed by federal agents; the feds, all knowing, are ultimately helpless. they can't stop the "passing" of government secrets or the spread of communism.

sam fuller's excellent pick up on south street is the pick of the bunch from a number of early 50's cold war-influenced low-budget noir vehicles. with a running length of under 80 minutes, pick up on south street is tough, gritty, explosive and endlessly entertaining.widmark stars as pickpocket skip mccoy, who has already been picked up three times. yet mccoy can't keep his wandering fingers out of trouble- and trouble is exactly what he slides into when he grifts the wallet of gangster's moll candy (jean peters). candy's wallet contains a roll of microfilm invaluable to the communist movement, and it's her last job for ex-boyfriend richard kiley to make the delivery. however, when widmark lifts it, peters must do whatever it takes to re-claim the film she (initially) knows nothing about.it's a tasty set-up, with widmark's character, while not the psycho of kiss of death, a real live-wire, unpredictable and tough, yet curiously charming.when bogart or mitchum stepped into a film noir role you knew what you were going to get: a lone anti-hero maintaining his moral integrity and winning out in the end (bogart), or an overly-laconic guy who allows himself to be drawn into a trap (mitchum). with widmark you just don't know what you are going to get, and with his incredibly modern acting style (his films always hold up well) he is amazing to watch. here he is torn between making a big score for himself by selling the film, or handing it over to the police and fighting the "commies" on the right side of the law. and he still has to pretend he never pickpocketed peters to avoid the fatal fourth rap on his sheet.peters gets her best role as the moll-with-a-heart-of-gold candy. widmark's unpredictability is perhaps best expressed in his scenes with peters; the gorgeous tramp quickly (and rather unbelievably- the romance angle is rather rushed)falls under widmark's spell, yet widmark alternates between kissing her or slapping her around. peters hard-edged beauty, yet lack of over-lacquered hollywood glamour (lana turner would never have worked well in this role), is a major asset to the film. candy is not innocent, yet she's very vulnerable, constantly being passed between and slapped around by men. widmark knocks her cold on first meeting and wakes her by pouring beer over her face, yet by the final act he's a lot more tender to her (after she cops one hell of a going-over from kiley). the scene in the hospital with peters and widmark shouldn't work, but it does.thelma ritter is brilliant as stoolie moe, well-deserving of her oscar nomination. ritter's performance, like everything else in the film, is gritty, real and heartbreakingly honest. her death scene is stunning. fuller's camera movements and location settings are particularly interesting. fuller loved a good close-up, and pick up on south street is full of uncomfortable, cloistering tight shots that only enhance the tension of the plot. fuller isn't afraid to let the camera linger on a shot for longer than standard old-hollywood really allowed, yet stunningly pulls away from ritter's death scene to give the audience maximum impact. the urban locales and unusual, confronting camera angles give pick up on south street, a bold, uncompromisingly modern look.10/10.

this is yet another gritty and compelling film directed by sam fuller in the early 1950s. this minimalist and fast-working director has something unusual for his earlier films--a cast with some stars. richard widmark, jean peters and richard kiley star in this film about a group of communist agents who are trying to sneak secrets out of america--and they'll stop at nothing to succeed.the film starts with peters on a subway car being watched by federal agents. they know she is a link in a long espionage chain. unknown to everyone is the wild card in the equation--a small-time pickpocket (widmark) is also on the train and he manages to steal the secrets that peters is carrying. widmark thinks it's just another purse he's ransacked--only later does he realize the seriousness of what he's stolen. now it's widmark on his own--with commies and the fbi hot on his trail.widmark and the rest are exceptional and the film is gripping from start to finish. although she didn't get top billing, a special mention should be made of thelma ritter. this supporting actress had perhaps the performance of her lifetime as a stool pigeon. seldom was she given this much of a chance to act and i was impressed by her ability to play a broken down and sad old lady.as far as the script and directing go, they are very good--but with one small exception. at first, i loved the way widmark and peters interacted. it's one of the few times on film you'll see a woman punched square in the mouth! now that's tough. later, inexplicably, they become amazingly close--too close to be believable. still, with so much great drama and such an effective noir-like film, this can be overlooked. see this film.

and anyone who watches this film will agree. this film was directed in the days when plot, character believability and theme actually mattered.jean peters, widmark, and thelma ritter steal the spotlight. ritter is in top form as informer "moe" she survives in the bowery section of ny, acting as a stool pigeon for nyc police.the only other film in which i have seen peters is "niagara", and she certainly proves her acting ability here, complete with brooklyn accent. widmark is appropriately menacing, as the anti-hero who must discern what the right thing is, despite his need for cash.the photography is brilliant. the neon, the subway station (though it looks cleaner than the real thing!) the harbor shack where widmark lives as a transient. excellent use is made of the city, with "lightning louie" in chinatown; the many flavors and appetites of the city are addressed here; the political climate of the time is a haunting backdrop. 10/10.

samuel fuller is hardly one of america's great directors. i'm not sure he qualifies as one of hollywood's great craftsmen. but he certainly ranks up there with the best of hollywood's true professionals who were willing to march to their own music. during the time he worked for hollywood studios, he knew how to take an assignment, shape the middling material handed to him and then turn it quickly and efficiently into something usually better than its parts...on time and on budget. pickup on south street is a case in point. on the surface it's one more of hollywood's early fifties' anti-commie movies, complete with appeals to patriotism, a hard-boiled hero and a slimy (and copiously perspiring) bad guy. fuller turns this bag of hollywood clichés into a taut, exciting drama with any number of off-kilter twists. the hero, skip mccoy, is a three-time loser, a petty crook with soft fingers who doesn't change his stripes until the very end. the girl in the caper, candy, has a level of virtue that would be easy to step over if you're so inclined. one of the most appealing characters, moe williams, is a stoolie. and in an unusual approach to hollywood's battle against commies, the appeals to patriotism fall on deaf ears; the hero isn't motivated by anything so ennobling. he just wants payback for a personal reason, and winds up becoming...at least for now...a good guy. plus, all the actors were mostly assigned to fuller by the studio. he had to make do. richard widmark by now had established his presence as an actor and star, but jean peters is a surprise. she gives a fine portrait of a woman sexy and dumb, and no better than her boy friends...or her clients...want her to be. and richard kiley, who later would become a two- time tony award winning star on broadway, is convincingly slippery and cowardly. it's hard to remember that he was the actor who inflicted on us, i mean introduced to us, "the impossible dream" from man of la mancha, more than anything else, this tale of a pickpocket who picks a purse in a subway car and finds himself with microfilmed secrets instead of cash, pursued by the feds and the commies, moves straight ahead with great economy. the whole enterprise, with a classic noir look, only takes 80 minutes to tell. the dialogue, with fuller as screenwriter, has that party corny, partly pungent hard-boiled pulp fiction style. "that muffin you grifted...she's okay," one character says to skip about candy. fuller moves us just fast enough from scene to scene to keep us hanging on what will come next. then fuller throws in the character of moe williams. all of a sudden the story ratchets up to a whole new level of interest, part comedy relief and part sad inevitability. the thing i like best about the movie is how the opening exemplifies fuller's talents and strengths. in 2 minutes and 15 seconds, starting right after the credits, fuller is able to instantly power up the movie, to establish for us what the story is about, and to show us what kind of characters -- skip and candy -- we're going to be involved with. and he does this with so much enticing curiosity in that hot, packed subway car that we can just about feel fuller setting the hook to catch us. says glenn erickson, in my opinion one of the best of movie critics, "in what should be an inconsequential story, sam fuller defines his peculiar view of americanism from the bottom up: stiff-necked, aggressive self-interest that when fully expressed recognizes what's wrong and what's right and isn't afraid to fight for it. as always in his work, the individuals who fight the hardest for their country are the ones least likely to benefit from the effort." he's right, and it makes for a movie still vivid after 55 years.

skip mccoy is a three time loser pick pocket, unable to curb his instincts back on the street, he picks the purse of candy on a subway train. what he doesn't realise is that candy is carrying top secret microfilm, microfilm that is of high interest to many many organisations.director samuel fuller has crafted an exceptional drama set amongst the seedy underworld of new york city. communist spies and shady government operatives all blend together to make pickup on south street a riveting viewing from first minute to the last. based around a dwight taylor story called blaze of glory, fuller enthused this adaptation with heavy set political agenda, something that many at the time felt was over done, but to only focus on its anti communist leanings is doing it a big disservice.digging a little deeper and you find characters as intriguing as any that fuller has directed, the main protagonist for one is the hero of the piece, a crook and a shallow human being, his heroics are not born out of love for his country, they are born out of his sheer stubborn streak. it's quite an achievement that fuller has crafted one of the best anti heroes of the 50s, and i'm sure he was most grateful to the performance of richard widmark as mccoy, all grin and icy cold heart, his interplay with the wonderful jean peters as candy is excellent, and is the films heart. however it is the oscar nominated thelma ritter who takes the acting honours, her moe is strong and as seedy as the surrounding characters, but there is a tired warmth to her that ritter conveys majestically.it's a b movie in texture but an a film in execution, pickup on south street is a real classy and entertaining film that is the best of its most intriguing director. 9/10

skip mccoy (richard widmark) pick-pockets candy's (jean peters) wallet which contains an important microfiche that is intended for the communist cause. she is being followed by 2 federal agents that are waiting to pounce once she hands the microfiche over to her contact. however, skip steals the purse on the subway under everyone's noses and so starts a hunt for him by both the police and joey (richard kiley) and candy who want the microfiche back. skip can only be traced through moe (thelma ritter) who sells information on criminals. it is made clear to skip that what he has stolen is important and both sides want the film, but he intends to hold out for a high price. this leads to joey hunting after him and a conflict between joey and jean, who has fallen in love with skip. joey has a deadline to deliver the microfiche to his boss. its a well-acted film and it has a good beginning that gets you involved straight away. its a bit unrealistic how jean peters immediately falls in love with widmark, but this point is necessary as otherwise why would she later hold out from joey. its a good film.

every now and then there gets released this movie no one has ever heard of and got shot in a very short time with very little money and resource but everybody goes crazy about and turns out to be a surprisingly great one. this also happened in the '50's with quite a few little movies, that not a lot of people have ever heard of. there are really some unknown great surprising little jewels from the '50's that are worth digging out. "panic in the streets" is another movie like that that springs to the mind. both are movies that aren't really like the usual genre flicks from their time and are also made with limited resources.i was really surprised at how much i ended up liking this movie. it was truly a movie that got better and better as it progressed. like all 'old' movies it tends to begin sort of slow but once you get into the story and it's characters you're in for a real treat with this movie.the movie has a really great story that involves espionage, though the movie doesn't start of like that. it begins as this typical crime-thriller with a touch of film-noir to it. but "pickup on south street" just isn't really a movie by the numbers so it starts to take its own directions pretty soon on. it ensures that the movie remains a surprising but above all also really refreshing one to watch.i also really liked the characters within this movie. none of them are really good guys and they all of their flaws and weaknesses. really humane. it also especially features a great performance from thelma ritter, who even received a well deserved oscar nomination for. it has really got to be one of the greatest female roles i have ever seen.even despite its somewhat obvious low budget this is simply one great, original, special little movie that deserves to be seen by more!10/10

"pickup on south street" is a high speed drama about a small time criminal who suddenly finds himself embroiled in the activities of a group of communists. the action is presented in a very direct and dynamic style and the momentum is kept up by means of some brilliant editing. the use of a wide variety of different camera angles and effective close-ups also contribute to the overall impression of constant motion and vitality. samuel fuller's style of directing and the cinematography by joseph macdonald are excellent and there are many scenes which through their composition and lighting produce a strong sense of mood and atmosphere.ace pickpocket and repeat offender skip mccoy (richard widmark) gets into deep water when he steals a wallet from a young woman named candy (jean peters) on the new york subway. she was being used by her ex-boyfriend joey (richard kiley) to make a delivery to one of his contacts in a communist organisation and unknown to her, she was carrying us government secrets recorded on microfilm. two fbi agents had been following candy and witnessed the theft. one of the agents continues to tail her back to joey's apartment and the other, zara (willis bouchey), visits police captain dan tiger (murvyn vye). zara explains that the fbi has been following candy for some months as part of their pursuit of the ringleader of a communist group.in order to identify the pickpocket, tiger calls in a "stoolie" called moe (thelma ritter) who after being given a precise description of the "cannon's" method of working makes a list of eight possible suspects. once tiger sees skip's name on the list he's immediately convinced that he's the man that they need to track down and he sends two detectives to arrest him. when skip is brought into tiger's office, zara tells him about the microfilm and tiger offers to drop any charges if he'll co-operate with the investigation. skip is flippant and arrogant. he clearly doesn't trust tiger and denies all knowledge of the theft on the subway.joey orders candy to find out who stole the microfilm and then retrieve it. candy pays moe for skip's address and when skip returns from being questioned by tiger, he finds candy searching his home and knocks her unconscious before stealing her money. when she recovers, skip demands payment of $25,000 for the microfilm. she tells joey about skip's demand and joey's boss gives him a gun and orders him to recover the microfilm by the following evening.skip and candy are attracted to each other and it's because of their uneasy, developing relationship that a means evolves by which they are able to shake off the attentions of the police. it soon becomes apparent, however, that resolving matters with the communist gang will only be achieved by more direct action.the depictions of skip, candy and moe as characters that inhabit a seedy world in which they are forced to face considerable risks on a daily basis are powerful and compelling.moe's work as a police informer is dependent on her knowledge of the people in her community but also those people know what she does and any one of them could seek their revenge at any time. she appears to be cunning and streetwise but also has her vulnerable side as she describes herself as "an old clock running down" and saves money to be able to have a decent burial in an exclusive cemetery in long island. her belief that "every buck has a meaning of its own" leads her to sell any information regardless of danger, friendships or principles and yet there is one occasion where she refuses and this proves fatal. thelma ritter's performance certainly merited the oscar nomination she earned for her role.skip is a violent criminal with no concern for his victims and having already been convicted three times in the past, lives under the constant threat of being jailed for life if convicted again. despite this, he still continues with his criminal activities and strangely, is merely philosophical when moe betrays his whereabouts and then later, he even ensures that moe receives the type of burial she valued so highly. candy is an ex-hooker and someone whose activities constantly put her in peril but behind her hardened exterior a warmer side gradually becomes more evident. widmark and peters are both perfect for their roles and like ritter portray the different facets of their personalities with great style and conviction.

i really enjoyed this film. all aspects of the film were top notch including the most important, for me anyway, the screenplay and the acting. this is definitely one of richard widmark's strongest roles. he is totally convincing in his performance. just out of curiosity, imagine how humphrey bogart or robert mitchum might have tackled this role. this is my first exposure to jean peter's work that i can remember. she impressed so much here that i will definitely be on the lookout for her other work. thelma ritter, in an unglamourous role, deserved the oscar nomination she received for playing the informant. this film works on every level. the black and white photography is perfectly appropriate and the story hooks the viewer right from the beginning. widmark and peters have great chemistry in their difficult romance. strongly recommended, 9/10.

i watched this last night on tv (hbo). i have to admit, that the tension in this movie was unsurpassed by most other fn era movies. i loved the way chip would be all calm one moment and then violent the very next moment. it was classic. ahh yes. the dames, the villians, the cigars and thuggish cops! it has it all. this movie delivered all the goods to me. i especially loved the way they mixed communism into the plot, very common for this era of movie. very daring also since blacklisting was popular in those days. i rate this movie one of the best i have seen in the fn genre!

directed by samuel fuller, who also wrote the screenplay, pickup on south street is a tough, brutal, well made film about a pickpocket (richard widmark) who inadvertently aquires top-secret microfilm and becomes a target for espionage agents. also involved are jean peters as a tough broad who is used as a courier by her evil ex-lover richard kiley. it's film-noir at its best and although the performances are very good its grand character actress thelma ritter who steals the movie. as moe a weary street peddler selling neck ties (and who also sells information) she is terrific in a role that brought her another oscar nomination. its amazing that miss ritter was nominated six times for an academy award and she never won. this should have been the role that copped it for her!

director samuel fuller concocts a brilliant visual set-up: cocky pickpocket unwittingly lifts some microfilm from a woman's purse; it turns out she's a courier for the communists, and now she and the grifter are being watched by the police. the film noir formula is all its glory--before the ingredients became clichés--including waterfront locales, floozies, saxophones on the soundtrack, and one hell of a climactic fistfight. performances by richard widmark and jean peters are right on target, and the smart, sharp script is quite colorful. fabulous thelma ritter received an oscar nomination for knockout supporting role as a "professional stoolie". exciting, atmospheric, tough as nails. *** from ****

the best of the seven sam fuller movies that i've seen (including park row, run of the arrow, verboten!, shock corridor, the naked kiss, the big red one, and this film), pickup on south street counts as one of the best film noirs. it represents fuller at his most controlled. i like him when he's out of control, of course, but nearly everything in pickup is perfect. the film is absolutely beautiful. richard widmark stars as a pickpocket who steals some microfilm that was meant to go to communist spies. jean peters plays the woman who was carrying the film for her boyfriend, played by richard kiley. peters is forced to find widmark and get it back. she finds him through a stool pigeon played by thelma ritter. widmark and peters are attracted to each other, which changes peters loyalties (that, and the fact that she learns she's working for communists; the cold war stuff is really interesting). the love story is done a little quickly and not entirely believable, but it's not so bad that it harms the film (unlike fuller's previous film, park row). richard widmark is great. this must be one of his best roles, but i'm not so familiar with his career that i can say that for sure. thelma ritter gives the most memorable performance. her role gives the film an unexpected emotional resonance, and her final scene in this film is as touching as any you will find in the cinema. i will never forget that. 10/10.

in this excellent twentieth-century fox film-noir, the metropolis is a labyrinth of despair in which scavengers and predators survive by living off one another. brooding cityscapes lower over puny humanity in bleak expressionist symbolism.a prostitute has her purse snatched on the subway. it contains a microfilm, and a communist spy ring will go to any lengths to recover it. two parallel investigations unfold as both spies and cops hunt down the precious information.anti-hero pickpocket skip mccoy is played with scornful assurance by richard widmark. he knows the cops to be his moral equals and intellectual inferiors, so he taunts them: "go on," he says to captain dan tiger (murvyn vye), "drum up a charge. throw me in. you've done it before." in this pitiless world, the cops are just one more gang on the streets. just as candy the hooker bribes lightning louie to get a lead, so the police are busy paying stool pigeons for information.it is hard to believe that when widmark made this film he was already in early middle age. the 39-year-old star, coming to the end of his contract with fox, plays the upstart skip mccoy with the irreverent brashness of a teenager. today it may not be acceptable for the romantic lead to punch his love interest into unconsciousness then revive her by sloshing beer in her face, but by the mores of the period it signified toughness - and candy, after all, is a fallen woman.jean peters is radiant as candy. here, right in the middle of her five-year burst of b-movie fame, she is beautiful and engaging as the whore with the golden heart. she is the story's victim, a martyr to her beauty as much as anything else. she means well, but is constantly being manipulated by cynical men - joey, skip and the cops.the real star of this movie is new york. haunting urban panoramas and snidering subway stations offer a claustrophobic evocation of the city as a living, malevolent force. like maggots in a rotting cheese, human figures scurry through the city's byways. elevators, subway turnstiles, sidewalks - even a dumb waiter act as conduits for the flow of corrupt humanity. people cling to any niche that affords safety: moe has her grimy rented room, skip his tenebrous shack on the hudson river. as the characters move and interact, they are framed by bridge architecture, or lattices of girders, or are divided by hanging winch tackle. the personality of the city is constantly imposing itself. the angles and crossbeams of the wharf timbers are an echo of the gridiron street plan, and the card-index cabinets in the squadroom mimic the manhattan skyline. when joey's exit from the subway is barred, it is as if the steel sinews of the city are ensnaring him.a surprising proportion of this film is shot in extreme close-up. character drives the plot, as it should, and the close-ups are used to augment character. when skip interrogates candy, the close-up captures the sexual energy between them, belying the hostility of skip's words. jean peters' beauty is painted in light, in exquisite soft focus close-ups. the device is also employed to heighten the tension. the opening sequence, the purse snatch, contains no dialogue: the drama relies entirely on close-up for its powerful effect.snoopers, and snoopers upon snoopers, populate the film. moe (thelma ritter) makes a living as an informant, and her place in the hierarchy is accepted, even by her victims. when skip observes, "she's gotta eat", he is chanting a recurring refrain. just as 'straight' new yorkers peddle lamb chops or lumber, the underworld traffics in the commodity of information.and yet even the stool pigeons are superior to joey and his communist friends. joey's feet on moe's bed symbolise a transgression of the most basic moral code. joey is beyond the pale. moe will not trade with joey, even to preserve her life: " ... even in our crummy business, you gotta draw the line somewhere.""pick-up" was made in the depths of the cold war. richard nixon had just been chosen as the republican vice-presidential candidate, having made his name with his phoney alger hiss expose - bogus communist microfilm and all. the mccarthy show trials were a daily reality. we see the cops in the movie inveigh against "the traitors who gave stalin the a-bomb".new york can be seen as a giant receptacle in which human offal cheats, squeals and murders. containers form a leitmotif throughout the film. moe carries her trade mark box of ties, and candy's purse, container of the microfilm, is the engine of the plot. skip keeps his only possessions in a submerged crate, symbolising his secretive street-wisdom. the paupers' coffins, moving down the hudson on a barge, are containers of just one more cargo being shifted around the pitiless metropolis.the film is a masterpiece of composition. candy is shown above the skulking skip on the rickety gangway of the shack, signifying her moral ascendancy. when the gun is placed on the table, the extreme perspective makes it look bigger than candy - violence is beginning to dwarf compassion. the lovers are eclipsed by the shadow of a stevedore's hook, reminding us that their love is neither pure nor absolute, but contingent upon the whims of the sinister city. enyard the communist is a shadow on a wall, or a disembodied puff of cigarette smoke. he is like the lone alley cat amongst the garbage - a predatory phantom of the night. camera shots from under taxi hoods, inside newspaper kiosks and through the bars of hospital beds constantly reinforce in us the awareness that we are all trapped in the metropolis. we are civilisation's mulch.

pickup on south street is one of the most brilliant movies ever made. an example of the directing: when candy (jean peters) starts going through her purse and notices her wallet is missing, an alarm goes off in the background in the building she's in -- as if it's an alarm going off in her head. it's not cartoon-like -- it's subtly woven into the background in a way that strikes you on a subconscious level until you've seen the film a few times and it just "clicks" that there's an alarm bell going off when she starts frantically going through her bag.richard widmark is way on top of his game as a smart-alec -- he's really great -- but the highlight performance of the film was the first scene for "moe," the street peddler/informer, played by thelma ritter. later, in her apartment, you are not seeing a movie -- you're seeing a real person. i've never seen anyone "act" so real i felt like i was looking into a real room until ritter's performance -- right down to the way her hair stuck out a bit when she removed her hat. about a million other things just *worked,* from the way lightning louie picks up money with his chopsticks to the way candy's jewelry clicks when she flicks moe's hand away from her brooch, to the way moe gets the dollars and change from the police captain across the fbi guy's chest -- and even the way the captain opens his filing cabinet, like he's been doing it in that way in that room for many years. "pickup on south street" is detailed moves (directing) with consummate performances (acting) and superb now-nostalgic visuals of the day, such as the panel truck, the boards leading to the shack out on the water, the dumbwaiter, -- and the unforgettable place skip stashes his pocket pickings. wonderful stuff."pickup on south street" is also one of the few movies where, even though the characters aren't perfect, you do care about them -- perhaps because they have been somewhat branded by their pasts in ways that are hard to escape: skip as a "three-time loser" and candy as a youngish woman who has "knocked around" a lot. when these people behave a little more badly than you'd expect, it's in sort of novel ways that make it seem you're looking in at people you'd never otherwise imagine -- and yet you know that they are possible because the actors make them so recognizably human.

it is always satisfying when a detective wraps up a case and the criminal is brought to book. in this case the climax gives me even greater pleasure. to see the smug grin wiped off the face of abigail mitchell when she realises her victim has left "deathbed testimony" which leaves no doubt about her guilt is very satisfying.please understand: while i admire ruth gordon's performance, her character really, *really* irritates me. she is selfish and demanding. she gets her own way by putting on a simpering 'little girl' act which is embarrassing in a woman of her age. worse, she has now set herself up as judge, jury and executioner against her dead niece's husband.when columbo is getting too close she tries to unnerve him by manipulating him into making an off-the-cuff speech to an audience of high-class ladies. he turns the tables perfectly by delivering a very warm and humane speech about the realities of police work.nothing can distract columbo from the pursuit of justice. abby's final appeal to his good nature is rejected because he has too much self-respect not to do his job well. here is one situation you can't squirm out of ms mitchell!

i haven't really seen too many of the columbo films... actually, i think i've only watched one or two, apart from this one. i've always liked columbo, though, somehow without even having seen that much of him. peter falk is and has always been the perfect choice for the character, because of his looks, his voice and his charm. the perfect proof of this is that though the series started all the way back in 1968, the latest(and probably not last) of the films was made in 2003. that's 35 years. and falk was 40 back when he made the first one. the series consists of 68 films(unless my count is off), all of which are made for tv. everyone knows the character, even though no one has ever seen a film featuring him in the cinema. that is quite an accomplishment, if you ask me. the plot is pretty good. the only problem i have with it is that the killer and murder is revealed at the very beginning(though that may be the same for all of the columbo films), leaving no mystery but how columbo solves it, making it somewhat dull(since there's not much to look forward to at the end of the film). the pacing is good, there's hardly a scene where you're bored. the acting is very good, particularly that of falk and ruth gordon. they have some great exchanges of dialog in the film. the characters are well-written and credible. the dialog and script is unusually good for a tv-movie. all in all, the film is, yes, surprisingly good for a tv-movie, and definitely worth watching for any fan of columbo and/or crime/mystery flicks. 8/10

**spoilers** since the disappearance at sea of her favorite niece phyllis murder mystery writer abigail mitchell, ruth gordon, has strong suspicions that it was phyllis' husband edmund galvin, charles frank, who was responsible for her death. in fact abigail is convinced that he murdered her and made it look like a tragic accident.knowing that there's no evidence to have edmund arrested for phyillis' death and deciding to take the law into her own hands abigail cooks up this elaborate plan to do him in and make it look, like phyllis' death, a tragic accident. getting edmund to secretly come over to her mansion to give him the combination to her walk-in safe, as she's about to leave on vacation for new york city, abigail tricks him into going inside locking the startled and surprised edmund in. with the safe being soundproof nobody at the mansion the butler maid and abigail's personal secretary veronica, mariette hartley, hear him screaming for help and the next day edmund is found suffocated to death. veronica discovered edmund's body as she was about to put away, for safe keeping, abigail's latest murder mystery manuscript.lt. columbo, peter falk, is called on the case involving the strange death of edmund garvin to determine if it's a murder or a tragic accident. going through edmund's apartment columbo is puzzled to find out that he doesn't have a single photo of his late wife, who's been missing for just a month! this ties into what abigail always felt about him in edmund not being in love with phyllis and also a suspect in her, in abigail's mind, murder. columbo a big fan, together with his wife, of abigail's murder mystery novels has a hard time realizing that she in fact was responsible for edmund's death. all the evidence points to abigil including a pair of missing car keys that was edmunds. this all proved that abgail was in fact in the house, not on her way to the airport, when edmund was locked inside the walk-in safe.going through all the evidence columbo comes up with this strange conclusion that edmund must have left some evidence inside the safe in writing to who his killer is. that conclusion is quickly checkmated when it's found out that edmund didn't even have a pen or pencil as well as light, with the safe light-bulb burned out, on him to write it. there's also something very odd that's inside the safe that has been on lt. columbo's mind ever since he came on the case. this has to do with the black paint residue that was found under the dead edmund's fingernails and on his belt buckle! it's that evidence, when put together with a number of other items in the safe, that in the end hangs edmund's murder on the tricky and very cunning mystery writer abigail mitchell. edmund let abigail unknowingly convict herself in his final attempt as the air in the safe was being used up, by his breathing, in using burnt out matchsticks to write on abigail last manuscript who murdered him: abigail mitchell!

this is the one in which the diminutive ruth gordon plays an agatha-christie type of murder mystery author who locks her nephew by marriage into a safe. gordon believes that he murdered her niece and the young fellow dies of suffocation, while gordon is traveling back and forth to new york. he manages, however, to leave behind some clues, scratches on a couple of black safe deposit boxes and an improvised and well-hidden note. columbo enters the case, suspects her at once, and solves the mystery by simply using his supernatural mystical intuitive powers. oh, and mariette hartley is on hand as gordon's secretary and would-be blackmailer. hartley is, i believe, the grand daughter of the psychologist b. f. skinner. i'm not sure her ancestry had anything to do with her attractive belly button, which is on display during a belly dance sequence, but i've always admired skinner anyway.the murder is well handled. it's a good plot, and none of the performers or crew fluff anything. but the outstanding figure here is ruth gordon, only a skosh over five feet tall. she was over 80 years old and looked it. there are moments when she almost teeters, but she consistently exudes charm. her acting is idiosyncratic. you can never be sure when she's being serious or when she's putting columbo and the audience on. she's given some good lines too. what humor there is comes from gordon. columbo doesn't have any of his frequent comic moments.all in all, a nice job by everyone concerned.

i loved the episode but seems to me there should have been some quick reference to the secretary getting punished for effectively being an accomplice after the fact. while i like when a episode of columbo has an unpredictable twist like this one, its resolution should be part of the conclusion of the episode, along with the uncovering of the murderer.the interplay between peter falk and ruth gordon is priceless. at one point, gordon, playing a famous writer, makes some comment about being flattered by the famous lt. columbo, making a tongue-in-cheek allusion to the detective's real life fame as a crime-solver. this is one of the best of many great columbo installments.

i like this episode quite a bit, ruth gordon is good if not a little hammy as she always was. as has been stated, the music is very good, and it has a moodiness that doesn't exist in all episodes.but one major plot hole exists, so wide you can drive a fleet of trucks through it. it is established that the light doesn't work in the vault. don't you think that the very intelligent columbo or the rest of the police would have thought to check if the light bulb worked? you'd think in pretty short order they would have unscrewed the bulb and so found the note. granted this is tv whodunit fiction, and various holes will always be found, but this seems much too glaring.it really doesn't make columbo out to be the hidden genius when the light doesn't work but the "death bed" testimony goes on unfound, apparently for days.

the movie has a great written genre story. it features all of the usual columbo ingredients; the way lt. columbo approaches and bonds to his suspect, the way the mystery unravels for him, columbo's dog, the cat and mouse play, which is great in this one and luckily as well some good relieving humor, mostly involving the columbo character. it's all written despite the fact that it doesn't even have a truly original concept. columbo hunting down a detective/murder novel writer had been done more than once before in a columbo movie.it's also an extremely well directed movie from james frawley, who after this directed 5 more columbo movies, in the '70's and '80's. he provided the movie with style and some truly great and memorable sequences.it's one of the slower moving columbo movies, despite not having a too long running time. this style and approach doesn't always work out well for a columbo movie but in this movie it does, which is perhaps not in the least thanks to the acting performances of the movie.most columbo movie either starred a big well known star or a star from the early days of film-making, as the movie its murderer. this movie stars the rather unknown 81 year old ruth gordon. she didn't starred in an awful lot of movies throughout her career but she is still well known to some, mostly for her role in "rosemary's baby", which also won her an oscar. she had a realistic and somewhat unusual style of acting, which some people might not like though. it earned her 4 more oscar nominations throughout her career, prior to her win for "rosemary's baby", in 1969. she has some great interaction as well with peter falk in their sequences together.the movie also stars a still young g.d. spradlin. i say young because i only know him from his latest productions out of his career, despite the fact that he already was 57 at the time of this columbo production. he is still alive but retired from acting, ever since 1999.an even better than usual columbo movie entry.8/10

i love this episode of columbo. maybe it's because ruth gordon is in it and she is wonderful as successful mystery writer abigail mitchell, an american version of dame agatha christie. she is delicious to watch as the perky, lovable author who suffered a terrible loss when her niece died in a drowning accident. she blames her niece's husband, the nephew. she plans to kill him to avenge her death since the police have abandoned her. i would have loved somebody else than mariette hartley to play veronica. i never really like hartley in anything personally. and of course with columbo, there are some laughs like when he questions veronica at a belly-dancing class. ruth's abigail is a smart sleuth herself and she matches wits with columbo always played wonderfully by peter falk.

ruth gordon is one of the more sympathetic killers that columbo has ever had to deal with. and, the plot is ingenious all the way around. this is one of the best columbo episodes ever. mariette hartley and g. d. spradlin are excellent in their supporting roles. and peter falk delivers a little something extra in his scenes with gordon.

i have a lot of time for all the columbo films, but this one in particular was extremely well written, and the solution at the end very effective. however, my main memory of this one is the opening of a scene in the middle of the film, between columbo and the murderer (i apologise if i've not remembered every detail of this exactly). it's the most striking image of columbo i've seen: the view is from inside the darkness of the cupboard where the victim was murdered, and into the room beyond, which is lit up by daylight. columbo is sitting in a high-backed armchair facing the doorway (and us), contemplating the cupboard, and almost in silhouette due to the contrast in light. there's no sound. the camera slowly moves out of the room and up towards him. he's deep in meditation, puffing gently on a cigar, swirls of smoke from the cigar circling slowly upwards as he thinks. then the dialogue starts. superb.

ruth gordon at her best. this episode is my favorite of the whole columbo series. peter falk and ruth gordon worked so well together that they should both be inducted into the television hall of fame, regardless of the rest of their work. even the music was outstanding in this episode.

a top notch columbo from beginning to end. i particularly like the interaction between columbo and the killer, ruth gordon.as an avid columbo fan, i can't recall another one in which he doesn't set up the killer at the end as he does in other episodes. in this one, as he's trying to determine the correct sequence of the boxes and the "message" that the nephew left behind, it finally dawns on him.the music in this episode is very good as well, as it is in many of other ones.

don't waste time reading my review. go out and see this astonishingly good episode, which may very well be the best columbo ever written! ruth gordon is perfectly cast as the scheming yet charming mystery writer who murders her son-in-law to avenge his murder of her daughter. columbo is his usual rumpled, befuddled and far-cleverer-than-he-seems self, and this particular installment features fantastic chemistry between gordon and falk. ironically, this was not written by heralded creators levinson or link yet is possibly the densest, most thoroughly original and twist-laden columbo plot ever. utterly satisfying in nearly every department and overflowing with droll and witty dialogue and thinking. truly unexpected and inventive climax tops all. 10/10...seek this one out on netflix!

for columbo fans, such as myself, this is the episode of episodes that made a case for why columbo was so popular, and just how good it really was. ruth gordon has a field day (as ever) playing the wittily intelligent crime novelist abigail mitchell. seems abigail calls her nephew-in-law to sign some papers making him her heir. she never got over her niece's death, and is convinced her dead niece's husband (charles frank) did the dirty deed. to tell more would be unthinkable. mariette hartley has a sly role as abigail's personal assistant. this episode of columbo is in a class by itself. it's a truly well made television movie. i recommend it most highly.

while returning from a christmas eve shopping trip, an abused suburban housewife (basinger) finds herself in a fight for survival after a disagreement with a group of delinquent youths takes a violent turn.suffering the indignity of a straight to dvd release here in the u.k., susan montford's directorial debut will perhaps not be given the recognition it deserves. this is a shame, as the standard of the writing, directing and acting is very good indeed, and certainly surpasses the quality of your average straight to dvd flick.kim basinger gives her best performance in some time as the downtrodden wife of an abusive husband (craig sheffer). while sheffer is not really given anything more to do than be a threatening presence, it is in their brief scenes together that basinger connects - showing painful vulnerability yet hinting at the rage that will eventually boil over in her confrontations with the youths. it's a truly great, understated performance, her transformation from victim to aggressor is seamlessly played.lukas haas i initially thought was miscast, as he (along with the other three youths) just did not seem much of a threat. however, had all four youths been more physically imposing, the later scenes in which basinger turns the tables against them would not have worked at all. the fact that these are four average men, albeit slightly unhinged, is the key to why the film works as well as it does.apart from a few pacing issues during the latter half of the movie and a couple of cheesy lines here and there, what we have here is a great thriller that actually leaves the viewer with something to think about when the film is over. some may be put off by the slow - burn nature of the opening scenes, or the abrupt ending. others by the at times brutal violence. i say give it a chance, it's certainly more deserving of your time than saw v.

in all my 60 years of age, i have learned that when we watch a movie there is an identification (whether we want it or not) implicit with an specific character.sometimes because the character executes certain gesture, sometimes because the character speaks determinate word, or sentence – that we use or that we would like to use – in determinate situation.the movie in question, should be seen by this point of view. who now find a parking space – in a mall,downtown, or in the street - taken by a car whose driver can't remember to think that he is not the only driver in the world?who hasn't the urge to "rubber out" the ill mannered spat?haven said that i ask: - did you identify with della (played by kim bassinger)? if your answer is: yes!, then try not to find absurd details – comparatively with life's reality – in the movie, because you'll certainly find the movie ridiculous.abstractions made, you will see that the movie has moments of surprise, such as: 1- in the sequence in which della grabs the box of tools in the trunk (does that box contains a gun, and does she haves the guts to use it?); 2- in the sequence in which terry dies whilst falling; 3- in the sequence in which della gets attracted by chuckie's "mermaid's call".if you have already seen the movie, or if are planning seeing, keep in mind that there are "realistic" movies, "fiction" movies, "political" movies, and movies in which you can "wash your soul"… to exemplify the last one, we can quote: "tropa de elite".according to newspaper's , there was unanimous applause when bope officials take certain attitudes. (as i have seen the movie in dvd, i could not ascertain the audience's reaction)…as for the direction part (susan monford), interpretations (kim bassinger, lukas haas, craig scheffer, etc. edition (william m. anderson – 'dead poets society', 'green card' – exceptional edition, 'robocop 2', etc. it is well situated in context. in a scale of 1(awful) to 10(master piece), i rate "when she was out" a 7(regular).

kim basinger stars as della, a housewife who has twin children (terri and tammi-played by luke gair and erika-shaye gair) and an abusive jerk for a husband (kenneth), played by craig sheffer.the movie opens on christmas eve. kenneth is on his way home from work, driving a nice car too i might add. he is on his cellphone arguing with a business partner i would assume. when he gets home, he sees that the floor is a mess with shoes and toys spread all about. this angers him even more and he takes up with his wife, della, asking her why the house is always a mess. he pins her up against the wall. the twin's watch from the stairs. he punches the wall, leaving a hole in it and walks away. she tends to the children, trying to comfort them. after that is all said in done, she needs to go to the mall to do some last minute shopping and because she is out of wrapping paper. she gets there and the parking lot is full because there is a lot of last minute shoppers there. while she is looking for a parking space, she notices a car taking up two spaces and this irks her. she finally finds a spot to park, makes her way over to the hoggish car and leaves a note under the wiper calling the owner a "selfish jerk". then she goes in the mall to do her last minute shopping.when she finally does leave the mall, it is closing and many people have left already. not the owner of the car she left the note on however and she notices this on the way to her vehicle. she also notices that the note she left under the wiper is no longer there. odd. when she gets to her vehicle, she gets in to start it up. she notices a car coming up behind her and it blocks her from backing up. she gets out of the car only to be confronted by the owner of the car (chuckie-played by lukas haas) she left the note on and a posse of his thug friends. yelling ensues and a mall cop (no, not paul blart) makes his way over to them to see what the problem is, only to have his brains blown out of his head by chuckie. while this happens, della jumps in her vehicle, starts it and drives over the median in front of her. chuckie and his posse hop in his car and give chase. della ends up crashing her vehicle into a log pile at a housing development but she is unharmed. she manages to make it to the back of her vehicle, open up the hatchback and grab a toolbox before the thugs get there. with that, della spends the rest of the night trying to outrun and out wit the thugs armed with only the tools that she has in her toolbox as weapons. the first kill, in my opinion, is the best. the first kill that della performs anyway. the last one was probably the weakest and it should of been the best considering that this was the main bad guy she was offing. i will admit that there will be some that are put off buy the ending and i was let down a bit myself. as a whole though it was a fun flick and moves along nicely at it's 1 hour and 20 minute run time.

i read the book and saw the movie. both excellent. the movie is diamond among coals during this era. liebman and selby dominate the screen and communicate the intensity of their characters without flaw. this film should have made them stars. shame on the studio for not putting everything they had behind this film. it could have easily been a franchise. release on dvd is a must and a worthy remake would revive this film. look for it in your tv guide and if you see it listed, no matter how late, watch it. you won't be disappointed. do yourself another favor - read the book (same title). it'll blow you away. times have changed dramatically since those days, or at least we like to think they have.

gordon parks, the prolific black life magazine photographer, made a true ticking-timebomb of a movie here - one that does not mess around! based upon the true story of two nyc cops - later dubbed batman and robin - who singlehandedly employed radical tactics to clean up their precinct neighborhood of drugs, this is a cop-buddy movie before that term became a repetitive formula. lightning paced, there is not one unimportant throwaway scene here.man, early '70s nyc must have been a terrible place to be a police officer, from the looks of movies like this and "serpico." these two cops start out as safety-division rookies, busting dealers in plainclothes in their spare time. but instead of receiving applause from the city police department, they receive nothing but resistance and antagonism from their peers. they have to singlehandedly navigate a minefield of police and legal corruption, boneheaded assignments meant to keep them from their work on the streets, ruthless drug kingpins, and a nasty ghetto neighborhood.both david selby and ron leibman are fantastic in the leads; part of the entertainment is watching leibman's eyes darting around crazily in every scene in what is a flawless comic performance, and selby's acting is low-key and wry. these two make all the comedy aspects of the story work - displaying a palpable frustration mixed with gutsy determination. director parks, who was already known for his coverage of controversial subjects in his photography, does not shy away from the grittiness of the story. rather, the movie is uncompromising in portrayal of the toughness of the world of police and streets criminals that these two men inhabit. adding to this realism is the fact that the real hantz and greenberg acted as technical advisors for the film, and even appear in surreal cameo roles as two fellow officers who ridicule the protagonists. it is a real tribute to the effectiveness of parks' direction that he manages to perfectly balance this depressing mileu with bright comedy.why has mgm/ua let this sit on the shelf for 30 years - barely giving it a home video or dvd release in the u.s? it is a minor masterpiece from the 1970s.

this film has slipped through the cracks of film history. it is by far much better than some other new york films of the same era such as: "the french connection" or "the taking of pelham 1-2-3". there is a gritty reality to this film which also manages to effectively use humor to further the plot line. it's engaging from start to finish and hasn't tarnished with age as is the case with the above two examples.ron liebman turns in a bravura performance as "batman" and it's a shame his career didn't take off as a result of this project.gordon parks directs and, coming as it does after "shaft", it at first appears to be a strange choice. yet it is the flip side of that earlier effort and approached with just as much in your face machismo.unfortunately this film has not been made available on either dvd or vhs in the united states. united artists really has a gem on their hands and it's a shame they're not doing anything with it.

this would have been my number one movie of the year for 1991, except it got beat out by the brilliant jfk. this is such a wonderful movie! i loved it. i love stories where different characters' lives intersect with others and how deal with their lives. kevin kline is good here, but is outshined by danny glover and, especially, steve martin. i've never much like martin or his style, but here he is great. i loved the whole speech he gave to kline near the end about the grand canyon. the writing was excellent. larry kasdan is, imo, a great dialogue writer, along the ways of kevin smith and quentin tarantino. here, he has formed several three-dimensional characters and well thought out storylines, and messages that give a positive feel to our lives. a truly excellent film. 4 out of 4 stars

every now and then a film maker brings to life a unique group of people and lets you inside to see the things that make us human. lawrence kasden done this again. i always felt thebg cill was the anthem of it's age and he has managed to do it again in grand canyon. every so often we find ourselves at a point where we have the opportunity to choose life and so often we blow it. this is a film about people who find the courage to choose and experience life because of that choice. the juxtaposing of little and big events that lets us see how basically trivial most things we worry about are is truly genius. i have watched this film a number of times and am constanly surprised at how deep the emotions run through this film. danny glover and kevin kline do their roles with great tenderness and stever martins portrayal of a movie exec is priceless. thank you again mr. kasden

this movie awed me so much that i watch it at least once a year. at times i find it uncomfortable. at times i find it empowering. and i always find the characters human and real. it is a movie that shows you the gritty reality of life in la, starting with the recurring helicopter search lights scanning for the dangers lurking so close to the ordinary lives being carried on by the characters. it is also a movie that shows you how the kindness of a stranger can change your life and empower you to make a difference. grand canyon reminds you that every action you take, whether intended or not, has powerful repercussions. i found this movie to be similar in many ways to robert altman's film short cuts. both had a star-studded roster of perfectly cast actors & actresses and both movies allowed you to gradually see how the the characters interrelated with one another and affected each other, for better or worse. grand canyon did a better job of providing a cohesive message, (hope in the face of despairing reality), than altman's film, although i found them both intriguing in their own way. this film is a definite must see!!!

at your video store, you might find this gem.the human condition in modern times la. no exaggerated drama, just a collapsing of events that might happen to any group of individuals over time.helps you understand the joys and desperation of urban life.the direction and cutting are top class. cinematography and music very much follows the mood and situation. and the cast!!! excellent casting and excellent acting. no one out of place or out of character.and it's not really as much a downer as you would expect. i gave it 7 of 10.if you havent seen it, do!

i liked this movie a lot. it really intrigued me how deanna and alicia became friends over such a tragedy. alicia was just a troubled soul and deanna was so happy just to see someone after being shot. my only complaint was that in the beginning it was kind of slow and it took awhile to get to the basis of things. other than that it was great.

this film could well have been one of those ordinary "soapies" relating the day to day events of half a dozen families whose lives are intertwined…..broken relationships,building new friendships, street bashings, near accidents, hopes and dreams and even the discovery of a baby discarded under some bushes! what a mixture of events!fortunately the film maker goes beyond those daily events and poses questions to consider although there are no satisfactory answers. he asks…in this chaotic world do things just happen, is it just luck when things turn out right or , taking a fatalistic view, is a person predestined to be at a certain place at a certain time and thus become involved in the event and his future takes on a new perspective? most of us have had this uncanny experience.is it our super ego that makes us believe we are so important? as one character says… he once sat on the edge overlooking the grand canyon and came to realize how infinitely small he was.this is not one of my favourite films but is a good study of human relationships. danny glover is outstanding in a sympathetic role.

in my opinion, the best movie ever. i love when people ask me what this film is about. i usually smile and say "life". they shrug and probably never give it another thought. the fact that everyone from every background can relate to some part of this movie makes it all that much more amazing. definately a must see for everyone.

... but watch mary mcdonnell's performance closely. her body language. her fine body movements. her subtle, but powerfully effective, reactions. this is an accomplished artist at the top of her craft. and the rest of the cast were pretty damned good, too! ;o)this is perhaps the 3rd or 4th viewing for me, and i see more in it each time. what /is/ this world coming to, anyway? -r.

this is an excellent movie with a stellar cast and some great acting. i never tire of watching it. i especially love the scene where danny glover's character and kevin kline's character namely simon and mack have brunch together. kevin kline is such a natural and it seems his mannerisms are effortless and one you would encounter often. so its a very 'real' movie. one of the most powerful scenes in the movie however, is at the beginning of the movie when simon arrives at the scene where mack's car has broken down. the movie also has a strong message and is unlike the stereotypical message carrying movie where there's one person preaching his guts out to an audience. instead the actors' emotions and situations deliver an impactive message that does best without the use of words. and lastly, mary mcdonell is brilliant as always.

i remember seeing this movie when i was about 7; and at the time it shocked me. i had seen a violent movie before, but i never saw a movie with the consequences and reality of violence. this movie not only shows this, but it also shows how people can change their lives and choose happiness. what this movie did and crash failed to do was to be truthful. crash tried to show how racism was bad (and crash actually had a built-in anti asian bias) and to come at it from a morally superior position. grand canyon came at things from such a raw and real perspective that it actually ends up on a higher ground than crash. especially when you compare the endings. the ending of crash is this supposedly neat little ending that ties everything up. while grand canyon simply ends on a quiet note, where you know nothing much will change in the character's lives but that's because life just goes on too, there's no suitable ending. no matter how good...bad you are. there is no ending of a chapter to begin another.

grand canyon is a very strange bird. it's a completely unique urban piece, where relating the entire plot would fail to convey much.it's central theme seems to be the inherent uncertainty life holds for people of every race, background and station. but to proclaim that the theme of the film would be to horribly understate its scope. similarly, to pigeonhole it in a particular genre is futile.the film has volumes to say, though likely different volumes for every viewer, and says it all in such a non-preachy way from so many angles, that in the end, i can't even define its central message for myself.nevertheless, it does it's business with such laser precision; every prop, line of dialog, and bar of background music contributing to it's pervasive mood and powerful message, that i'm pleasantly surprised, and come away very thoughtful after every viewing. still it doesn't feel at all stuffy. a sparkling film with a great cast and everything working.

the mere fact that i still think of the movie a decade later is what really speaks volumes about the film. to me this substantiates grand canyon as a film that will touch you in one way or another. i truly believe that before the movie crash there was grand canyon. the major difference between the two films in my opinion is the timing of their release. i'm not going to argue which one is better, but i will contend to the idea that they share the same message. i'd love to hear from those that have an opinion on this subject. i will start a commentary which you can find at http://www.myspace.com/62229249. you may also find me there to post any other topics about movies that we may share, because i have a true love for film.

well, maybe not immediately before the rodney king riots, but even a few months before was timely enough. my parents said that they saw it and the next thing you know, the police got acquitted and la got burned to the ground. it just goes to show the state of race relations in america. the plot has white mack (kevin kline) and african-american simon (danny glover) becoming friends after simon saves mack's life in the black ghetto. meanwhile, movie producer davis (steve martin in a serious role) thinks that gratuitous violence is really cool...until he gets shot. there's also some existentialism in the movie: mack and his family come to realize that they aren't living as they really want.it seems that "crash" has somewhat renewed people's interest in race relations, but this one came out much earlier. maybe we'll never be able to have stable race relations in this country. but either way, "grand canyon" is a great movie. it affirms kevin kline as my favorite actor. also starring mary mcdonnell, mary-louise parker and alfre woodard.

before there was crash, there was this interesting film called grand canyon. released about 14 years sooner than the former film, grand canyon was a movie about two people from different backgrounds who come together as friends over a lifetime. to me crash was still a slightly better film, but grand canyon was no slouch either.taking place in los angeles, an upper-class lawyer named mack (kevin kline) takes a shortcut through the seedier side of town only to have his car break down at the worst time. he calls for a tow truck, and has to wait for awhile, only to soon be threatened by a group of dangerous people who want his car. soon the tow truck driver arrives at the perfect moment, and out steps simon (danny glover) to take the truck away. both men are threatened, but simon manages to get himself, mack, and the car out of dire straits. it is from here on out that a friendship develops between the two men over a lifetime with mack helping out simon just as simon had helped him out of a dangerous situation earlier. you see simon's sister deborah (tina lifford) is living in a dangerous neighborhood with her two children, and fears for her oldest son who seems to be roaming the streets at night with some bad people. mack offers them a better place to live as well as hooking simon up with his secretary's friend jane (alfre woodard).this is the main plot of the film, but there are other smaller plots involving the same secretary mentioned above (mary louise parker) as well as mack's wife, (mary mcdonnel) who discovers an abandoned baby not long after their son roberto (jeremy sisto in his first movie role) has gone to camp for the summer, and will likely be moving on with his own life soon. the details of all these plots are brought together into one complex movie which uses a police helicopter as a metaphor for life and as a bridge to entwine all the different scenes. this simple plot device works very well and helps greatly with the flow of the story.the director lawrence kasdan, whose biggest movie to this date was the big chill, has created a splendid movie here. the cast is excellent, and most of the ideas are well thought out, but alas it falls short of greatness because some points, that would've made the film even stronger, are glossed over. the story involving the secretary is one, and the second involving simon's nephew is the other. these scenes should've been more apart of the entire story, and then maybe lawrence kasdan's views of life between the upper and lower classes would've been more on a superior level instead of just very good. still grand canyon exceeded expectations, and yes you will get to see a view of the canyon that this movie was named after. there is also a small role for steve martin as davis, a producer of violent films, who offers his own views on life, and has a small part to play in this movie's ideas.

a lot of the comments people have made strike me as (sorry) missing the point. kasdan wants to present life, simply, ordinary life. the conventionally structured story, where characters have insights that change their lives, and then fade out, music up, and the film is over, is absorbed into this much larger canvas. several characters in this movie have just such illuminations, and then they move on. sometimes they can hold onto their insights, sometimes they can't, and that's the way life really is. in other words, kasdan jettisons conventional dramatic structure in favor of an exploration of the the ongoingness of life – there is no happy ending, only an eventual ending; and everything before that is still in process, still always up for grabs – and, if you absolutely insist on a theme, an exploration of the role of the miraculous in our lives. what is a miracle? well, life itself, for a start. then add in all the random incidents and cross-connections that make up a life, or several interconnected lives, and you have miracles by the bucketful. kasdan underscores this theme lightly, rather than insisting on it, and bolsters it in various ways, most memorably by the device, right in the center of the film, of having mac and his wife, lying in bed, each dreaming their own dreams, but as well showing, later on in the film, how those dreams have the power, within the film, to shape reality. this is not a film with an easy or obvious message. you just have to let it play out in front of you, and then let it sit in your mind for a few days, a month, a few years, and see what it has wrought there. this is, without a doubt, kasdan's best film, his most mature, his most humane. a major meditation on life from one of our most gifted writers and directors. the tragedy is, of course, that he has not been allowed to work for a number of years now, mostly due to studio constraints around "dreamcatcher." hopefully we haven't heard the last from larry kasdan. a great film from a great artist. keep in mind that art does not have to rationalize itself completely in order to succeed.

if you really want to know how most of the actors and directors in the hollywood scene "made it" to where they are, the vast majority will tell you (assuming they will tell) that a strange coincidence took place. they happened to meet the right people at the right time and get into the right project which led to other connections and other projects. quinten tarrantino took an acting class whose instructor knew harvey keitel. kevin spacey lifted a back stage pass from a sleeping old woman at the lecture of a famous playwright who helped him land an important role. and robin williams credits his career to gary marshall's son who, after having seen "star wars", suggested to his father that an alien should visit the cunninghams of "happy days". these coincidences, many times viewed as pure luck, shapes many of the careers in hollywood today. or is it pure luck? is possible something else is going on? "grand canyon" written and directed by lawrence kasdan, proposes an altogether different explanation for the inexplicable, aka the strange miraculous coincidence. the movie concerns several different characters whose lives intersect because of positive and yet inexplicable happenstance.kevin kline, a middle-aged father, experiences a break-down in one of the more dangerous areas of la. after he phones a tow truck, a young gang accosts him. they threaten violence if he doesn't leave his car. just before the confrontation can escalate, danny glover appears as the tow truck driver and dampens the intentions of the gang. although glover denies it later, he probably saved kline's life. a producer (steve martin) of cheap violent films gets shot in the leg and after wards has a spiritual experience. he then announces retirement from producing blood and gore entertainment. and kline's wife, clair (mary mcdonnell), while on a morning jog, finds a baby hidden in some foliage. she claims the baby cried for her and that her "rescue" of the infant was preordained.the movie explores further the results of these strange connections that lead to further relationships, end to relationships, and new beginnings. and all the while, a strange homeless man appears throughout the movie as if somehow he is also connected to everything that is going on.it is very rare in hollywood, or for film in general, to explore such a purely esoteric subject. there are a few moments that seem somewhat unbelievable, but maybe that's the point. what makes the film work is the superb acting by the cast. although the miracles and coincidences may seem far-fetched, the actors make you believe they are experiencing these new realities. maybe this is a subject we should explore more often.

this work is less about steve martin's character davis, than it is about kline (mack) and glover (simon), and kline and mcdonnell (claire), but the dialog inserted via davis is pondering, contemplative, near-poetic existentialism at its best. he is witty, intelligent, and thoughtful in both dialog delivery and content. the writers deserved an oscar.the performances are easy, relaxed, and natural; just what you would expect from "a list" actors. martin contributes the performance which leads into his more recent shopgirl, guiding you through life, love, and the pursuit of wisdom if not happiness. kline is the straight - the suit - the conformist of the film, and as such his performance is crisp and refreshing.this work deals with life in all aspects. it engenders a true emotional investment in its characters, and leaves you feeling hopeful that mankind is not doomed, after all, no matter what you believe, deep down.all in all? this is delightful, with a gritty moment or two, and easy natural dialog which draws you in, assisting its audience in gaining a high enjoyment from this work. it's definitely worth your time, though it may not be every one's top choice as friday/saturday night entertainment.i really enjoyed the intelligence this exhibited. it's not typical, and was an unexpected surprise. another wonderful surprise was the honesty exhibited herein. the couples and friends hold detailed conversations, which feel and sound fully honest and (again) natural. i was very impressed with this work, and will be adding it to the dvd collection soon.it rates a 9.1/10 from...the fiend :.

if you have not seen this excellent movie about life in the 90s (in l.a.) then you've missed a special treat. this is one of the most amazingly and most powerful movies ever made about life for americans in the 90s and it even carries over into today's world in which we live in. it covers everything from raising a child, prejudice (more than one way),love, adultery, empty nest syndrome, selfishness, etc..and the list goes on. this story builds up to an ultimate climax and then when nothing else matters it always goes back to love with friends and family and love of life. it helps us dig deep within ourselves and to make us search for what we want out of life. makes us ask questions of ourselves. have we done enough for others, are we like this, etc.??? sit back and enjoy a wonderfully done and emotional movie that i'm sure others will enjoy for a lifetime.take note of mary mcdonnell, kevin kline and danny glover's wonderful performance through this whole film. these actors are amazing and really show the true glow and meaning of what message is being sent to all of us. these are 3 of my favorite actors for life after seeing this film over 10 years ago now. i still enjoy it again and again. also enjoy the wonderful soundtrack with it and don't forget to count how many times you see the helicopter fly by and try to figure out it's symbolism for the movie??hmmm... i almost forgot this is probably steve martin's very first serious acting role in any film he has ever done. he, too does an excellent job in this movie. this may come as a surprise to most of you. sit back, relax and enjoy truly good film making.....

grand canyon falls under a very scarce category: it is a very clever film, with very clever dialogs and food for thought everywhere from start to end. i have the impression that it never made it to it's deserved ranking (and never will), because of it's simplicity. this kind of flick needs sensitive watchers. pity thought that imdb makes me write ten lines, because this is in no way necessary in this particular case. anyway in order to fulfill this request, i will tell you that the weak point of the film if any is in the acting: not that it is bad but it could have been done much better. exception made for kevin kline who was perfect. go ahead and watch it.

i revisited grand canyon earlier this year when i set out to devise a ten best list of the 1990's. i first saw the film when i was 17 years old. how did i hear about it? it was reviewed, and recommended highly, by siskel & ebert in 1991, and i eventually caught it on video a year later.it's a great film, a powerful film, a healing film, about the power of listening, truly listening to one another. i've seen it six times now, and it entertains and inspires me with every subsequent viewing. but why the poor reviews for this movie? maltin's movie guide gives it two out of four. too melodramatic, too much coincidence, too sappy, are the expressions that i read the most. yes, there is melodrama in this story, and yes, there is a lot of coincidence, too. but it delivers with an intensity and force that seems supple. for all of the "plot" that exists in grand canyon, such as drive-by shootings, a police chase, an earthquake, a love affair, a woman's discovery of a baby in the bushes, another shooting, a near accident by a new driver, and worldly advice from a homeless man, this movie wins because of the smart performances by kevin kline, steve martin, mary mcdonnell, alfre woodard, danny glover, and jeremy sisto. it also succeeds because of lawrence kasdan's skillful direction and writing. you know that this isn't just another movie when you consider a sequence at the beginning of the film that involves kevin kline being harassed by four black youths. danny glover plays a tow truck driver who assists the kline character, but not before he gets harassed too, by the leader of the bunch. listen to the dialogue as the kid suggests to glover,"are you afraid of me because of me, or because i have a gun?".grand canyon is filled with one perceptive scene after another. steve martin should have been nominated for best supporting actor as a movie producer who has a change of heart and then a subsequent change of mind. i think his character is a warning that "the good" can carry us forward, that idealism is a virtue, but one that we must fight for constantly rather than depend upon.i fear that grand canyon may be lost forever in the wilderness of non-new releases at the video store. but with the deals now on older releases as low as 99 cents, i plead with anyone who has read this far into a review from a reviewer that you will thank after having rented it, grand canyon is something special. if you loved magnolia, another movie with a big ensemble about deep humanist themes, you'll love grand canyon, too.

i just watched this film again and remain dismayed at the number of cynics who dismiss it as just new age pap. a great film, one that takes its time to develop, it keeps coming close to going over the edge but never does and ultimately is meditative, affecting, and truer to life than most films people who dismiss its "coincidences" can see. i was angry at the time that movies like "prince of tides" and "bugsy" (though i liked the latter) were nominated for best picture that year (let alone that "silence of the lambs" won!) and this was ignored completely except for one nomination for best screenplay. upon revisiting it, i think history supports my initial reaction!

i have to say that grand canyon is one of the most affecting films i've ever seen. i've watched it several times now and i still feel as i did the first time; that this film, by itself, could make up the entire curriculum of a post-graduate course in film direction. a long time ago film trailers used to promise, "it'll make you laugh, it'll make you cry." that's a very trite and shorthand method of describing what grand canyon does. it takes you to the best places in human experience and the next moment takes you to the gates of hell. much of the film is paced to cycle back and forth between people being close to happiness and the same people being close to horror. it's always a short step, too. just to manage that swing with grace and without making it look false or exaggerated is directorial genius.spoiler (of sorts) coming up. after getting the audience used to rocking back and forth through the emotional spectrum, the film throws a curve with a sequence that doesn't go from good to bad and back but instead escalates from an ordinary marital spat, through an accidental self-inflicted knife wound that may or may not require stitches, to an earthquake that has the characters run from the house. in the moment of their relief, argument forgotten, cut finger forgotten, the earthquake survived, a neighbor woman calls out that her elderly husband has collapsed. the couple rushes to his aid. i cried when i saw this sequence. i cried every time i saw it. i'm crying now. it isn't sadness that does this to me. it's not a particularly sad sequence. what tears me up is that this few minutes of film was perfect. that's perfect! astounding. (end of spoiler)there's so much to say about grand canyon. it portrays relatively ordinary people experiencing epiphanies and it lets the viewer experience them vicariously. they aren't showy or overblown and there's no long pause to examine the moment carefully. the film moves on at the pace of life. even when the characters do try to make sense of what has happened, they are uncertain of what to derive from their experience. grand canyon is a very human film.

i really liked this film when it was released, and i still do, because the storyline makes you feel hopeful about life in general, and people too...one of the things i like about the films of lawrence kasdan. in addition to the positive vibes from the film, there are other reasons to like grand canyon. for one thing, it has an outstanding cast...kevin kline and danny glover, for example. in my opinion, crash, the highly acclaimed film that won the oscar for best picture, was very similar to this film. the difference is that grand canyon leaves you feeling positive. crash had the opposite effect with me; it was very dark. i would choose grand canyon over crash any day.

one measurement for the greatness of a movie is, 'if it came on t.v. right now, would you want to sit there and watch it again?' my answer for the grand canyon is as powerful a "yes" as it would be for nearly any movie i have ever seen. there are just so many powerful moments, such an intelligent and moving story, such incredible performances.  it perfectly captures the confusion and violence that were so rampant in the early nineties. but it also dramatically affirms the capacity of individuals to love, think and care. in a slight way, the movie was of its time. it partly portrays society as a balloon about to burst. because the country was in a recession, and so void of leadership, this was true of that time. but the movie is also timeless. i think it could honestly stand up against any movie that has ever been made, and it is the most overlooked film of all time.

on second viewing of this movie, i like it even more than the first time. it is full of nuances and a perception of life as being quite ordinary and often fearful but what lifts this movie to a height rarely realized is its focus on the little incidences in our lives to which we normally only offer the briefest of attention spans. here the movie spins into the celebration of these incidences, the meeting of a tow truck driver and client, the jogger hearing a baby's cry from the bushes. the dialogue, acting, casting and direction are superb. no two by fours, no grand revelations. what i did observe was how true the characters were to their basic natures and how enhanced their lives became when these were celebrated. kudos to all involved in this, we need more "grand canyons" in our lives. 9 out of 10.

this highly underrated film is (to me) what good writing in a movie should be all about. kasdan takes the search for meaning in our lives and lays it out for all to see and wonder at. the movie is about the divides people create to insulate themselves from the violence and hatred and bigotry of everyday life.  along the way we are asked question after question about life. davis (steve martin with a great beard) asks himself 'is my making a violent movie (and by extension our enjoyment of it) causing the violence in society?' claire asks "what kind of world throws away something as precious as a human life?' mack is not immune as he asks 'is it possible to pass beyond the bounds of race and (an even harder step) finance? these are of course not quoted from the film, but generalities. others ask their questions too, and to be honest it raises more than it answers. but that is the nature of life. we strive all our lives to find answers to questions we will never totally answer, and in certain cases have to make answers fit to our own needs and desires. as humans we thrive on questions we cannot answer. some answers are real. claire and mack come to realize that even though they could take the easy road and let the state take the baby, their finding it placed the responsibility for her life in their hands. some answers are not. davis `sees the light' and decides not to make violent films, but the next day turns around and dismisses his epiphany as subordinate to his art. we all seek answers. this movie does not answer them for; it simply reminds you to keep looking for the answers.

i'll keep this one quite short. i believe that this is an extraordinary movie. i see other reviewers who have commented to the effect that it's badly written, poorly shot, has a terrible soundtrack and, worse, that it's not real in its portrayal of life. ok, so it may not be quite believable for its whole length, but this movie carries a message of hope which some others seemed to have missed. hope that it isn't too late to save people from the terrible things that go on in so many lives. gangland violence is real, right? is it right, no! this movie carries an important social message which the cynics may dislike but which nonetheless is to be praised, rather than denigrated. i have watched this movie with great enjoyment at least eight times, each time with equal enjoyment and each time with the feeling that maybe the world could be made better and is not beyond saving (well not until 2008 anyway). 9 out of 10 from me for this one. it's very nearly perfect in my view. jmv

perhaps you won't care for the social commentary, or the film makers point of view (i myself am mystified at the ‘insignificance' angle kasdan seemed to promote – when clearly, the actions taken in the movie promote certain significance. the ending confused me). however, there's absolutely no denying the manner in which the story is presented; the magnificent symbolism throughout; the threaded character arcs; visuals; dialogue – is absolute masterwork. i've watched the movie dozens of times, and i still marvel at its perfection. there's not a moment, action, cut, or line that doesn't have everything to do with the theme. realistic human performances from all the actors. scene to scene it's woven fantastically.i have a pretty level sap-meter. the buzzer never went off during this film. if you're a thinker (rather than a casual viewer) – this movie delivers. exponentially. absolutely mesmerizing. (do you have to agree with the message to appreciate the display? who cares if it made you warm and fuzzy or not, was it interesting?)personally, the movie affected me – significantly. in my top 5.note: the front-page reviewer clearly speaks from a flawed african american perception. what he may have failed to recognize, is, there was a hand – shake. not a hand - out. the ‘spiritually dead white man', simply saw a man to respect, and admire. and he did something about it. the fact he was black had little, if anything, to do with it (color is simply used to draw the parallel. and the chasm. it's no accident the opening sequence shifts from black and white to color either). if you view the blacks in this movie as ‘token' – you may want to reassess your angst. you may be seeing only black and white yourself, eh. just a thought.

this is a great adaptation and a great miniseries in its own right. the plot cutdowns might disappoint the fans of the book (but really how many modern readers have read bleak house without seeing a film version first? i know of only a few). i think it is quite appalling to see reviews critical of the series which have clearly been written by people who haven't a clue about the story - did you actually see the series or did you just bag a bbc production because gillian anderson was in the newer version?the series captures the mood, pace, characters and plot-drivers (cutting out the dickensian flourishes which aren't needed and detract from a film treatment like the turveydrop story, the smallweed family dynamic and the extra lawyers - tangle, vholes etc are very truncated). the only omission that i wish had been kept was the jellyby incident but as the first episode is already a trifle slow (after the first episode the pace is perfect) i can see it had to go. the only other criticism i have is that jo's death could have been more faithfully done. i can see that would have practically canonized woodcourt and he's kept a little more human for not having that scene but really i think jo's death is one of the most poignant points of the book and i missed it even though it always makes me cry.has theowinthrop actually seen the series? how did he think that esther was raised by her aunt and uncle?? who is this uncle? i suppose someone who could mistake the name of denholm eliott for desmond isn't really an appreciator of english art (film or literature).i also think he mistakes the treatment of the law. yes the law is drawn very badly in bleak house. it fails the descendants of jarndyce whose valuable inheritance is eaten up by the costs of litigation, it fails the deceased tom jarndyce and rick carstone and all who have faith in the suit. it fails miss flyte. in some sense it also fails captain hawdon who is driven to his death by the monotony of law copyist work. yes it feeds the scavengers of vholes and tangle. but it also makes men like guppy and kenge able to move beyond their station in life. though not kind to social status-climbers dickens clearly would have preferred that they weren't bound to being stuck in the station to which they were born (contrast jo and the brickmakers' families to the climbing out of poverty by charley neckett). also, the law, while misused by tulkinghorn and the chancery vultures, is actually the source of security for the wards of the court ada and richard, and for esther who is simply jarndyce's ward. their security was ensured by the law which delivers them to jarndyce.i can't see how anyone could have trouble following the story - remember you aren't supposed to realize esther is lady dedlock's daughter right at the beginning. neither are you supposed to "get" all the connections immediately. instant gratification just doesn't happen in dickens.as for "seeing clearly" through the fog - gosh the gillian anderson had such scatty editing that i found it impossible to follow and i knew the plot already!i found diana rigg absolutely brilliant (overacting and drama don't make a good lady dedlock but if you think they do try the gillian anderson version).it's ada and rick not "kate"! and you get all you need of the rouncewell subplot.

you don't need to read this review.an earlier review, by pninson of seattle, has already identified all the main shortcomings of this production. i can only amplify its basic arguments.bleak house was a relatively late dickens novel and is much darker than his earlier work. this is taken too literally by the director, ross devenish, who piles on the gloom and fog too much. when ada, rick and esther appear, half an hour into the opening episode, it is a relief just to be in daylight for the first time. in some of the murkier scenes it was hard to see what was actually on my tv screen. i watched the whole thing in one day, starting in mid-afternoon. as daylight faded this became less of an issue, but i have a pretty good tv and i have never encountered this problem before at any time of day.the pacing is very deliberate (i.e. slow). i am sure this was intensional, but it is overdone. there are numerous shots of people trudging though the muck and gloom of victorian london that are held longer than is necessary to establish the mood and atmosphere. a good editor could probably take several minutes out of each fifty-minute episode, without losing a line of dialogue, just by trimming each of these scenes slightly.i don't want to overstate these two problems. you soon adjust to the look and pace of this production. the more important issue is that it doesn't always tell the story very effectively. earlier dickens novels are as long as bleak house, but are not nearly so intricately plotted. for example, i recently re-read nicholas nickleby because i was intrigued to see how douglas mcgrath crammed an 800 page book into his two-hour movie. the answer is simple: the book is full of padding. mcgrath cut great swathes of the novel while still retaining all the essential story elements. this would not be possible with bleak house. this production needs its seven hours. probably, it needs even longer, because many elements of its convoluted plot are not sufficiently clear, or as well handled, as they need to be. a few random examples will illustrate the problems.the maid, rosa, appears from nowhere with no background, so lady dedlock's attachment to her is largely unmotivated.sergeant george's acquiescence in tulkinhorn's demand for a sample of horton's handwriting is somewhat fudged.it is not made clear enough that esther is actually in love with woodcourt when she agrees to marry john jarndyce. neither is it clear that they have agreed not to announce their engagement, or why.ada and rick's secret marriage is omitted. in one episode they are merely lovers, in the next, people are suddenly referring to them as husband and wife.mrs rouncewell is only introduced at a late stage in the story and sargeant george's estrangement from his family is left unexplained - as is the means by which she is discovered.tulkinhorn's dedication to maintaining the honour and respectability of the dedlock family is understated, so his motive for persecuting lady dedlock is more obscure than it need be.the involvement of the brick makers with both tom and (later) lady dedlock is somewhat opaque.it is not obvious that guppy renews his offer to esther because her smallpox scars have all but vanished.this is only a selection: there are others. they are not major problems and the main thrust of the story is clear enough. nonetheless, they are minor irritations that detract from its power: you shouldn't have to puzzle over little plot points. however, there are more important structural problems that do weaken the story in its later stages.the whole business of tulkinhorn's murder is somewhat thrown away. bucket immediately pinpoints hortense as a suspect, which undermines the suspense of sergeant george's predicament and the importance of finding mrs rouncewell. it also diminishes the impact of the sub-plot in which suspicion is thrown on lady dedlock and weakens the scene in which hortense is unmasked in front of sir lester.a more serious problem is that the murder, its investigation and the subsequent search for lady dedlock, dominate the story for over an hour, during which time we completely lose sight of the other main plot strand: the legal case and its effect on rick. his failing finances, his gouging by vholes and skimpole, ada's despair, his declining health and so on, are all put on hold for an entire episode. this may be how dickens wrote the book (i haven't read it for years) but a good screenplay should keep the different plot strands moving forward together.finally, smallweed's role in the story is so diminished that he is almost superfluous. his discovery of the new will, that triggers the final phase of the story, is also thrown away. it happens off screen.despite all of this, it is still a very good production. many of the performances are outstanding. individual scenes are beautifully realised. its accumulating sense of tragedy is very powerful. i would still be recommending it as a superb adaptation of a great book, had it not been for the 2005 production. in fact, i probably wouldn't be fully aware of its defects if i hadn't seen how andrew davies did it better. i have been critical of davies's jane austen adaptations, but i have to admit that he really knows how to tame dickens's sprawling books.this is an impressive and gripping drama and well worth seven hours of anybody's time. nonetheless, its probable fate is to be viewed mainly as a cross-reference to the near-definitive 2005 version.

this version of bleak house is the best adaptation of a classic novel known to me. the representation of the court of chancery as a 'character' in the drama is magnificent. the acting is marvellous, from the sinister tulkinghorn, to the dedlocks, smallweed, crooke, miss flyte, and the two young lovers. but it is the spider's web of chancery that holds the whole thing together, and the cinematography is superb. what mistake did the bbc make about copyright that meant that this version could not be seen in the uk on either video or dvd for many years? i tried to find out from them, but faced a stone wall. in the end i got a dvd copy from canada.

i can't say how closely the film follows the novel, never having read the book, but since this clocks in at some six and a half hours it's a good bet that most of the base are covered or, at least, we can say with some certainty that this isn't a reader's digest condensed version.the production values are high, well up to the standards of other bbc classic series like inspector morse and sherlock holmes. we can believe dickens' london looked, sounded, and thought a lot like this. there are some occasional minor lapses -- some sportsman firing a pistol with a percussion cap in 1840 or 1820 or whenever this took place.the acting too is to be applauded. suzanne burden is the polite and honest heroine who quietly goes about doing good. she's cute too, in a mature way, her beauty in her compassionate nature not in any flirtatiousness. denholm elliott is her guardian (and more than that, as it turns out). burden and elliott are two of the very few characters who are good in an unalloyed way. another is a former sergeant forced to do evil by evil people. another is a poor and helpless young boy.i don't think anyone else could have written this. it's got all the earmarks of dickens -- poverty, tragic deaths, capitalism in the raw, the generous rich guy in his gated home, hidden parentage, shadowy motives, and the impotence or outright maliciousness of the justice system. well, not the justice system as a whole but the chancery, which was evidently a court that decided matters having to do with the distribution of property. (so i gather from wikipedia.) it became so notoriously rigid and dilatory that it was thoroughly revamped in england in 1973. twice, elliott's character describes it as "a curse." the most impressive scene involves a money-scrounging creditor hounding a retired soldier in the latter's gymnasium during a fencing lesson. the sergeant is more masculine in the traditional sense than any other male character i remember from dickens. the apoplectic money lender and renter is screaming threats from his seat and the sergeant turns towards him and does one delicate exercise with the saber after another, each advancement bringing him closer to his tormentor, while the scarlet-faced old creditor shrinks back into his seat.a couple of things are missing. often dickens will stick in at least one or two amusing lines of dialog. ("humbug!" or "the law is a ass.") not here. "bleak" house is the right title. second, there are practically no weberian "ideal types" -- no mr. micawbers or artful dodgers or scrooges. third, the atmosphere, the whole ethos, is relentlessly dismal. one tribulation follows another, usually having to do with money or some shameful peccadillo out of the past.my god, it's depressing. it's as if the author were venting his spleen on everything he hated in the world he knew. poverty, okay. he knew poverty. but one wonders what the chancery did to dickens to deserve this kind of treatment.maybe i should add that i've just watched the first episode of the 2005 series -- and it's better in two ways. there is more zip in the direction, so the pace is a little faster. and the business of jarndyce vs. jarndyce is explained satisfactorily right up front, instead of lurking about in the shadows as that mysterious "curse," so the plot is easier to follow.

i like this presentation - i have read bleak house and i know it is so difficult to present the entire book as it should be, and even others like little dorrit - i have to admit they did a very good show with the staged nicholas nickelby. i love diana rigg and i could see the pain of lady dedlock, even through the expected arrogance of the aristocracy. i am sorry, i think she is the best lady dedlock... i am not sure who could have made a better jarndyce, but i am ok with mr. elliott. it is not easy to present these long dickens' books - oliver twist would be easier - this is a long, and if you don't care for all the legal situations can be dreary or boring. i think this presentation is entertaining enough not to be boring. i just loved mr. smallweed - it can be entertaining. there is always a child - jo will break your heart here... i think we should be given a chance to judge for ourselves...i have to say i loved the show. maybe if i read the book again, as i usually do, after seeing the movie, maybe i can be more critical. in the meantime - i think it is a good presentation.

i have bought the dvd of this version to compare against the current bbc 2005 version (which is brilliant). the 1985 was adapted by arthur hopcraft, who adapted tinker tailor soldier spy for tv and who died this year (2005). i remember great acting, especially from rigg and elliott, and moving music. (music in the 2005 version is far more understated, but very telling.) just to pick up other commentators on a couple of points: richard carstone is ada claire's boyfriend, not esther's. esther had no uncle. charlie drake never played krook in either version, nor did he play toby esterhase in ttss! krook is played by comedian johnny vegas in the 2005 version. toby was played by bernard hepton.both versions are honourable and admirable adaptations of dickens' great novel. now read the book! it's not perfect, and the sentimentality may make you wince at times, but i defy you not to cry - and laugh!

this production was made in the middle 1980s, and appears to be the first serious attempt to put bleak house on celluloid. no film version of the novel was ever attempted (it is remarkably rich in subplots that actually serve as counterpoints to each other, so that it would have been very hard to prune it down). the novel was the only attempt by dickens to make a central narrator (one of two in the work) a woman, esther summerson. esther is raised by her aunt and uncle, who (in typical dickens style) mistreat her. she is illegitimate, but they won't tell her anything about her parentage. later we get involved with the gentry, sir leicester dedlock, and his wife. lady honoria deadlock (dame diana rigg) is having an increasingly difficult time regarding her private life and the meddling involvement of the family solicitor tulkinghorn (peter vaughn). we also are involved with the actions of richard carstone (esther's boyfriend) in trying to win a long drawn out estate chancery case, jarndyce v. jarndyce, which everyone (even richard's cousin john jarndyce - played by desmond elliot) warns is not worth the effort.dickens had been a law reporter and then a parliamentary reporter before he wrote fiction. starting with the breach of promise case in pickwick papers, dickens looked closely at the law. mr. bumble said it was "a ass" in oliver twist and dickens would consistently support that view. he looks at the slums as breeding grounds for crime in twist, that the law barely tries to cure. he attacks the chancery and outdated estate laws, as well as too powerful solicitors and greedy lawyers (tulkinghorn, vholes) in bleak house. in little dorrit he attacks the debtors' prisons (he had hit it also in david copperfield). in our mutual friend he looks at testators and wills. in the mystery of edwin drood he apparently was going to go to a murder trial. dickens was far more critical of legal institutions than most of his contemporaries, including thackeray.but the novel also looks at other problems (like charity and religious hypocrisy, the budding scotland yard detective force, social snobbery in the industrial revolution). he also uses the novel to satirize various people: leigh hunt the writer, inspector fields of scotland yard, and even the notorious maria manning. most of these points were kept in this fine mini-series version. if it is shown again on a cable station, catch it.

"bleak house" is hands down the finest adaptation of a charles dickens novel ever put on screen. alway one of my favorite novels,i was exteremely pleased with this television mini series. the late, great denholm elliot was perfectly cast as the noble john jardyce and diana rigg was sheer perfection as the doomed ladty dedlock. the film captures the essence of dickens era and is extremely faithful to the book,oly making minor plot cuts that do not effect the story. over all a brilliant,moving and atmosphereic film.

murder in mesopotamia, i have always considered one of the better poirot books, as it is very creepy and has an ingenious ending. there is no doubt that the tv adaptation is visually striking, with some lovely photography and a very haunting music score. as always david suchet is impeccable as hercule poirot, the comedic highlight of the episode being poirot's battle with a mosquito in the middle of the night, and hugh fraser is good as the rather naive captain hastings. the remainder of the cast turn in decent performances, but are careful not to overshadow the two leads, a danger in some christie adaptations. some of the episode was quite creepy, a juxtaposition of an episode as tragic as five little pigs, an episode that i enjoyed a lot more than this one. what made it creepy in particular, putting aside the music was when louise leidner sees the ghostly face through the window. about the adaptation, it was fairly faithful to the book, but i will say that there were three things i didn't like. the main problem was the pacing, it is rather slow, and there are some scenes where very little happens. i didn't like the fact also that they made joseph mercado a murderer. in the book, i see him as a rather nervous character, but the intervention of the idea of making him a murderer, and under-developing that, made him a less appealing character, though i am glad they didn't miss his drug addiction. (i also noticed that the writers left out the fact that mrs mercado in the book falls into hysteria when she believes she is the murderer's next victim.) the other thing that wasn't so impressive was that i felt that it may have been more effective if the adaptation had been in the viewpoint of amy leatheran, like it was in the book, amy somehow seemed less sensitive in the adaptation. on the whole, despite some misjudgements on the writers' behalf, i liked murder in mesopotamia. 7/10 bethany cox.

when i was told of this movie i thought it would be another chick flick. i was wrong. this movie sends a powerful message about judging others. i was deeply moved. everyone i have encountered, i have recommended this movie to. no one has come back saying it was bad. busy, also did a great job with her role in this film. i don't know much about her acting career but wow, they way she pulled off the end of this fill was great.at the beginning it was a little slow. but after she went to the hospital....wow, the movie picks up again. i have no idea why this movie hasn't been spoken of in the movie world. my wish would be for this movie to be released again and advertised more...because it sends a powerful message in a mere hour and a half.

its not sophisticated, and nobody in the credits had a great career, but taken as a whole, because there are no famous personalities; the film seems more realistic than some high budget, well cast films.a film made for a few bucks, that is worthy of watching should give hope to all those would be film makers and wantabee actors.the problem with this film is it was made in the worst possible time. tv was taking over the revenues of the film industry, and this film could have easily been shown on tv. in 1950, all the fare on tv would qualify for a "g" rating. the film industry began to make more "adult" films that could not be shown on tv during the days when tv wouldn't dare show the sex and skin of today's commercials.

this is a neat little crime drama which packs a lot into its 65 minute running time. it has all the right ingredients - a mystery corpse, a weary middle-aged cop corrigan (walter kinsella) and his rookie sidekick tobin (john miles), a shadowy killer on the loose and even love interest for the tobin in the shape of a female botanist mary (patricia wright) who helps solve the crime. there's also a terrific shoot-out finale which takes place in a stone cutters yard.watch out for a terrific goof near the start of this movie where lt. corrigan refers to the dead woman as 'tatooed tilly' before the coroner reveals that she had a tattoo (confusing huh?). also later when tobin is chasing the killer across the back yards he is suddenly shown going in the wrong direction at one point - no wonder he didn't catch him!

the tattooed stranger was another of those rare b-movies that bbc2 screened over christmas/new year 2005-2006. see also they live by night and the brighton strangler.in this one, a man walking his dog in central park comes across an abandoned car and discovers a dead woman inside. she was shot and police then try to identify her with only a tattoo as the main clue. after being identified, the murderer is discovered and is shot in the shootout at the end.most of this movie was shot on location in and around new york, so we get to see some areas of the city we don't normally see, especially the back streets.mostly unknowns are in the cast, with john miles getting top billing.the tattooed stranger is worth seeking out. excellent but rather obscure.rating: 3 stars out of 5.

this police procedural is no worse than many others of its era and better than quite a few. obviously it is following in the steps of "dragnet" and "naked city" but emerges as an enjoyable programmer. the best thing about it is the unadorned look it provides into a world now long gone...the lower class new york of the late 40's/early 50's. here it is in all its seedy glory, from the old-school tattoo parlors to the cheap hotels to the greasy spoons. these old police films are like travelogues to a bygone era and very bittersweet to anybody who dislikes the sanitized, soulless cityscape of today.also intriguing is the emphasis on the nuts-and-bolts scientific aspect of solving the crime...in this case, the murder of a tattooed woman found in an abandoned car. our main heroes, detectives tobin and corrigan, do the footwork, but without the tedious and painstaking efforts of the "lab boys", they'd get nowhere. although the technology is not in the same league, the cops here use the dogged persistence of a c.s.i. investigator to track down their man.the way some reviewers have written about this movie, you think it would have been directed by ed wood and acted by extras from his movies. what bosh! i enjoyed john miles as the gangly ex-marine turned cop tobin...he had a happy-go-lucky, easy-going approach to the role that's a welcome change from the usual stone-faced histrionics of most movie cops of the period. patricia barry is cute and delightful as his perky girlfriend who helps solve the crime. walter kinsella is stuffy and droll as the older detective corrigan. i rather liked the chemistry of these two and it made for something a bit different than the sort of robotic "dragnet" approach.the mystery itself is not too deep and the final chase and shoot-out certainly won't rank amongst the classics of crime cinema, but during it's brief running time, "the tattooed stranger" more than held my interest.

director edward montagne does in a little more than one hour what other, more expensive and hyped films fail to do. mr. montagne shows us a police story written by phillip h. reisman jr. that while, is not one of the best of the genre, it keeps the viewer involved in all that's going on.this is clearly a b type movie. in fact, the best thing going for "the tattooed stranger" is the opportunity to take a peek at the way new york looked in those years. the crystal clear cinematography by william o. steiner, either has been kept that way through the years, or has been lovingly restored.there are great views of new york in the opening sequence. later we are taken to brooklyn to the dumbo section and later on the film travels to the bronx and the gun hill road area with its many monument stores in the area.john miles and walter kinsella made a great detective team. patricia barry is perfect as the plant expert from the museum of natural history. jack lord, who went to bigger things in his career, is seen in a non speaking role.it was great fun to watch a city, as it was, because it doesn't exist any more.

home room was a great movie if you've ever had drama in your life. it keeps you wanting to see more. wondering what the secret alicia is hiding. i think i watched that movie 6 times in a row and never lost interest. plus i usually don't cry over movies but this one made me cry each time. i wish i could find more movies like that one. all in all i thought it was a great movie. the more you watch of it the more you become part of it. the very end is the part that really got me when she cried when getting her diploma, because it had her daughter's name on it. my heart felt as if it had shattered just then. and how her new friend came to comfort her when she hadn't gotten hers yet. i loved it so much.

i've recently watched this movie, in a lazy sunday afternoon, with some friend of mine and we have a lot of fun! this movie is a masterpiece of trash. try to watch it with this purpose! it hadn't been expected, of course, but the performance provided by the actors (and alberto tomba is absolutely the best), the weak script and the low-cost budget had created an amazing mix of foolish things. tomba was just retired from alpine ski racing, where he was a dominant technical skier in the late 1980s and 1990s. tomba won three olympic gold medals, two world championships, and nine world cup season titles. seriously about the director: nobody knows why damiano damiani he has signed this movie. all the other damiani's directions are considerable.

that film is absolutely fantastic!! if you watch it with your friends it can be a very nice day... obviously you have to know that the film is stupid and very bad directed and acted (tomba/unziker what a couple), and that is probably the worse film in the world, but you can enjoy it very much. we watched it in 19 and it was a very nice evening. the best scenes are the first one, when the criminals kill the friend of alex, and he tries to act like a desperate, and the result is a comic scene of first category... and then when he shows to leva (antevleva, what a name) the "palassio di giusstissia", and then the accident of leva, that once is going on her car out of the road, and a second later, the car is completely empty! what a magic!

the first 50 minutes of this movie were quite boring. it focused on the personal problems doyle had, including his sick wife, death threats by fans, a pushy publisher and feelings of guilt concerning his mentally ill father. even though these subjects had an important impact on doyle's life, i was more curious about the birth of sherlock holmes. the last 40 minutes were excellent. we finally got a look inside doyle head, how he created holmes and why he had to 'kill' holmes. the actors are excellent. including the intriguing selden played by tim mcinnerny, arthur conan doyle, a compelling role played by douglas henshall and brian cox as the 'role model' for sherlock holmes, dr. bell. the locations are good, especially for a tv movie and the camera work is nice. if the first 50 minutes were as good the the last 40 minutes this would have been a small masterpiece.

written by the writer who penned the excellent murder rooms series which chronicled acd's adventures with doctor joseph bell, i was looking forward to this and i wasn't disappointed. it was quite slow moving, with a lot of emphasis on doyle's frustration at sherlock holmes which was very accurate and excellently portrayed. it was an interesting character study and very well shot ( on digital video, unusual for a period piece ). the acting was excellent all round, particularly tim mcinnery and brian cox although the actor who portrayed acd, whose name i cannot remember impressed me no end. an excellent character study which has about the same amount of twists as any normal sherlock holmes case. do see this if you get the chance

i saw the film for the first time at bbc on july the 27 of 2005. for me it was a good interpretation of the person conan doyle,and i truly wonder what the sherlock fans think about it. i also think it is a movie for these fans whether they agree or not what is mentioned.you may ask yourself was a.c. doyle a strong person or did he put himself in question. however he was the creator of the famous holmes,but how much of it was a sort of semi-biography? not the less i strongly put this adaption forward, it is a movie you have to see - even if you aren't interested in the sherlock holmes movies or books - look a it , enjoy yourself and have your own opinion of it.

the acting is pretty cheesy, but for the people in this area up in the 80s and are now detroit area automotive engineers, this is a great movie. i even work with a japanese supplier so that makes this movie even more funny.jay leno was showing his age last night on the tonight show! he looks pretty young here...17 years ago. the opening scene, with the drag race on what appears to be woodward ave was great.leno also owns some bad a** cars now, it would e great to see a remake of this with his modern collection. i'm sure the blown vette in the opening scene was his own car.typical 80s movie. watch it and enjoy. no computer generated crap!

this movie stars jay leno as a detroit cop, tony costas and pat morita as a tokyo cop sent to detroit to retrieve a stolen prototype of a car motor. a japanese man traveled to detroit hoping to sell it to a up and coming car company ran by a man named derrick jarryd. unfortunately for him the men who were supposed to negotiate the deal killed him and took the prototype. an angry derek jarryd tries to distance himself from phillip madras who led the men. but madras(played by chris sarandon) has none of it and threatens jarryd forcing him to continue their partnership. meanwhile in the same junk yard where the japanese man had been killed, a friend of tony costas was also killed by the same men. tony's friend had been watching the junk yard.tony sets out to find the killer against his superior's order. tony is on robbery while obviously homicide should investigate the case. while tony is investigating the crime he runs into the japanese cop and mistakingly he arrests him. eventually they end up working together on the case. they make an odd pair and there are some genuinely amusing parts as well as some ridiculous scenes such as pat morita jumping and kicking right through a the windshield of a moving car and kicking madras in the head. but it ends up being an enjoyable buddy cop movie, at least in my opinion. jay leno is no actor, but he is likable in the role and pat morita is good as well. still, they make for one of the more unlikely buddy cop duos in an action film. if you liked buddy cop films, cheesy 80's movies or you want to see jay leno as an actor then i recommend this movie.

i saw this movie on cable, it was really funny, from the stereotype police chief to the stereotype big bad guys, jay leno and mr mayagi from karate kid star in this good comedy about a prototype car part. i compare this movie to "rush hour" in which a local cop has to partner up with an asian police officer to solve a case. the chase through farmers market in downtown detroit brings back memories. enjoyable soundtrack, good script, i give it 10/10.

centered in the downtown and out skirts of detroit, this comedy i found to be a terrific new comedic duo. 'noriyuki pat morita' is a very funny man, who happens to be a cop from japan on the trail of an industrial secrets thief, who has stolen a 'proto type' turbo super charger, reluctantly he goes to the united states to follow the thief, after being ordered by his commander. pat's character collides with 'jay leno's' character, a fast talking' but down to business-player type detroit cop. when they cross paths though, the honorable 'ways' of japan meet the all-out old school detroit police investigative 'ways'. the two stumble and trip over each other at first, but then develop a 'rythym' that turns into an explosive two layered powerhouse team, that solves the case, cold. after battling a city crime boss for the stolen 'equiptment' and closing the case, these two go from despising each other to being friends and working well together. a little worse for wear and in need of an extended-vacation on top of it all, they manage to come to a victorious closing. i rated this a 9. lewis's direction makes' this a near perfect comedy. fun for all ages. i recommend it highly.(***)

well no, i tell a lie, this is in fact not the best movie of all time, but it is a really enjoyable movie that nobody i know has seen.it's a buddy cop movie starring jay leno and pat morita(mr miyagi) with some fluff story about a missing car engine prototype or something, but that doesn't matter. the reason this movie is fun is because of the interaction between the two leads, who initially dislike and distrust each other but in a shocking twist of fate end up becoming friends. the whole culture difference thing is done quite well,in that it's fun to watch, it's completely ridiculous but in a cheesy and enjoyable kind of way. the soundtrack is cool,once again in a cheesy 80's kind of way, it suits the movie, i've been trying to find one of the songs for ages, but as i'm working from memory of what i think a few of the words were i can't seem to find it.another thing this movie has is the most fantastic pay off of any movie ever, but i won't give that one away, oh no! in conclusion i'd take this movie over 48 hours\most of eddie murphys output including beverly hills cop, and whatever buddy junk jackie chan or martin lawrence have to their names. if you're looking for a buddy cop movie and are getting fed up with "straight white cop meets zany streetwise black cop" give this a shot. you might be pleasantly surprised cos this turns the whole formula upside down with "straight japanese cop meets zany streetwise white cop".i'm giving this 7. to be honest i like it more than that. i'd rather watch this than a lot of stuff i'd give 8. but i guess i know deep down that it's some sort of insanity that makes me like this movie.

okay, i know i shouldn't like this movie but i do. from pat morita's loveable interpretation of a japanese stereotype to jay leno's annoying yell, i laughed throughout this movie.as long as you take into account that this is not the best movie in the world, it's a good mvie.my favorite part is morita talking to his boss in tokyo with the drinking a close second.

i saw this movie recently. 2 hours later, my head still hurt from laughing. the plot was soo awful, the jokes were soo bad, but what i didn't count on were:1. the 2 scenes before and after the movie that had pat and jay posing (that caused more than enough laughter)2. the kick through the windshield that decapitated the evil-doer.this movie is about 20 times better than the rush hour series, and my copy even came with a disclamer saying if you didn't like the movie, send certificate to hbo. while i considered it, the date you had to send it in was january 1991 (which also caused wackiness to ensue).

this movie will go down down in history as one of the greats, right along side of citizen kane, casablanca, and on the waterfront. someone please convince leno to do a sequel! leno and morita are a comedy duo, the likes of which haven't been seen since abbot and costello. the evil that emanates from chris sarandon, tom noonan, and randall "tex" cobb will give you the chills. dingman's character as the buffoonish oaf hearkens back to the days of shakespeare's comedies. and the climax. my goodness, the climax. i won't ruin it for you, but it makes the explosion of the death star pale in comparison. if you can track down this hard-to-find gem, do yourself and your family a favor and buy it immediately. i'm still holding out hope for a special edition dvd one of these days.

this program is a lot of fun and the title song is so catchy i can't get it out of my head. i find as i get older i am drawn to the wrinklies who get things done, and these four are excellent in their endeavors. some of what they do is outrageous but brilliant considering that now days with our pc world we'd never be able to do it in real life. i always learn something from the shows. but if you like mystery, drama, comedy, and a little forensic work you'll love this show. it reminds me of quincy, me in one way and barney miller in another the way they work and inter-react with each other. they screw up a lot but they get the job done, and that's what counts.

my wife, kate and i absolutely loved the series and can't wait for the next one (hopefully there is a sequel!). i would love to know what the catchy song is called and who wrote it, maybe because i am "old and grey" and still interested in life:-). if anyone has the full lyrics please send them.of course one big reason why my wife and i liked this series so much was that we are 75 years old and retired but still very active intellectually. it's great to see a show that highlights the contribution to society that can still be made by older people with special skills and experience. the human interest aspect showing the interactions of the characters and the younger people around them is an important part of the show.this series is highly entertaining and very sophisticated, on a par with some of our other favourites, "spooks" and "hustle".

i do find it a bit overrated. maybe it's just because i've never seen a subtitled version (dubbing stinks!), but i just don't get into it like a lot of other people do. the finale is really great though as jackie trashes a mall, a scene that plays in my head every time i go shopping!

i saw this on a cantonese vcd with the english subtitles. i thought the story was good but there were times when some of the subcharacters were grossly over-acting. this took away from the film as did the fairly lame musical score, which really irked me throughout the entire movie. if the musical score was improved i could overlook the few overacted scenes. then the film would be much, much better.

i have not seen each and every one of chan´s movies, but this is for sure the best one i have seen so far.the story in it self is nothing special really, so i won´t go deeper into that. what makes it special is the stunts, the fighting, the good acting, the warm sense of humor. the movie has a raging tempo all the way through and you are just stunned seeing it. all the cool stunts (of course made by jackie himself)makes you want jump around in the couch and scream. it´s just awesome! even my mom was impressed by this cool movie when she saw it.i know this police story can be a bit hard to get a hold of, at least it is here in sweden. but i can assure you, it´s worth a try.

this movie is jackie's best. i still cant get enough of watching some of his best stunts ever. i also like the bad guys in this movie (the old man looks like a chinese version of john howard). unlike some of jackie's other work, this movie has also got a great story line and i recommend it to all of jackie's fans.

jackie chan's classic directorial feature police story (1985) is among the most influential and over-the-top modern day police actioners ever to come out from hong kong. jackie wanted simply to make a movie which would include the usual kung fu and also fierce gun play and other "urban" action which would later become very popular and typical among hk directors like john woo and ringo lam. police story mixes these two action elements and styles and the result is as wild as it sounds.jackie plays chan ka-kui, a police who gets to protect an important witness (brigitte lin) who would soon testify against a powerful gangster boss and his ring of criminal activity. jackie's girlfriend is played by young and sweet maggie cheung, who isn't as wild here as she would be in her subsequent roles like heroic trio (and the sequel) by johnnie to, savior of the soul by corey yuen and david lai and many many others. the plot in police story is very simple but it is the action why this film was made in the first place.jackie did of course all the stunts of his character by himself and also hurt himself pretty badly in couple of scenes, some of which are also in the completed movie like at the end in which jackie hits his head (near the eye) through a very nasty looking sharp piece of glass. also jackie's stunt team members almost got themselves killed during filming of this film. the scene in which a bus stops right before jackie, spitting the kidnappers through the windshield, went really bad as the bus stopped too early and the stuntmen didn't fly as they were supposed to. they were supposed to fly on the car parked in the front of the bus but their flight was too short and they hit through the asphalt with hospital level injuries. during the end credits, there is a behind the scenes imagery and images of these injured actors and it all looks really bad and almost tasteless, but fortunately no one got killed or injured too severely.the action is more than plentiful and imaginative as can be expected by (action) director chan. the now legendary bus scene and shopping mall scene at then end are most likely among the wildest scenes any action film has been able to deliver. jackie always tells how important editing is (which is true) and it really shows in his action scenes and their timing which is perfect and makes the films look so ultra kinetic when compared to hollywood efforts, for instance. there's hardly any slow moments here and also those moments are interesting and the film never becomes boring or hard to watch.but there is again one negative point which i cannot stand in hk action comedies, which is this comedy itself. the comedy isn't funny especially when the errors and amateurish elements in the screenplay aren't there by accident but because of the writer wanted to add them there, without necessarily understanding that they are signs of bad script and stupid dialogue. i mean those scenes like the stabbing murder attempt at the beginning when the murderer just shouts and screams and makes faces and acts like a drunken clown from some slapstick nightmare, and he is there to "murder" that girl. this kind of acting is stupid and inept and i wouldn't like to see it in a film which is otherwise very great in its own genre. characters also speak their thoughts which is also a sign of bad script because those "loud thoughts" are there just to make things clear even for the stupidest viewer and thus making things way too simple and "light." even if the film is comic and not so serious, these kind of stupidities should not be there and they cannot be forgiven too easily.police story is a fast speed, full impact, balls to the walls action adventure miracle from hong kong and from the time when jackie was very sad because of the bad result he got with the us produced the protector as he didn't have the same thoughts about the film as director james glickenhaus had and thus the result didn't please audiences and jackie and he returned to hong kong to make more personal and inventive film. that he definitely did and the result is as wild today as it was back then in the 80's. this is among the most insane action films ever, and it would be somewhat perfect without the flaws i mentioned. 7/10

although john woo's hard boiled is my number 1 favorite movie. but i have to say police story is my number 2 favorite movie. i say this because the stunts, the fights and the action my favorite part of the movie is when jackie chan jumps off the rail at the top of the esculator at the mall grabs on to a pole surrounded with chrismas lights and slid down the pole fell through a skylight and finally land on his back on the hard marble floor. ouch! buy it at amazon.com for 14:98. (or something in 14 dollars.)vhs new line home video. any questions or comments please feel free to reply. (i'm only 14 but i know where you can find any movie ever made.) if you looking everywhere for a movie and can't find it please reply to me. thank you and good night!

rated pg-13 for violence, brief sexual humor and drug content. quebec rating:13+(should be g) canadian home video rating:14ai have seen police story a couple of times now.in my opinion police story is chan's best film from the 80's.he originally made it because he didn't like the other cop film he had to star in which was the protector.i have not seen the protector so i cant compare.the acting isn't too bad and the plot is pretty good.i don't remember the plot well because i saw this film a while back but what i do remember is this film has lots of great action,stunts and comedy just what a good chan film needs.if you can find police story and you are chan fan then buy this film! runtime:106min 9/10

well, i would consider police story as one of jackie chan's best film. the plot, the fighting scenes and the stunt works are excellent. in this film, jackie himself acted as a police officer called chan ka kui (kevin chan in some versions) who successfully arrested a crime lord. after the crime lord was released due to lack of evidence , he framed chan for the killing of a police officer. due to this, he became wanted by the police. later on, salina (brigitte lin), who was the secretary of the crime lord, went to a shopping mall and started to steal the evidence of the crime lord's crimes from his computer and preparing to pass them to chan. however, the crime lord knew that salina had downloaded his incriminating data and hired his henchmen to capture her. later on, chan appeared at the scenes and began to fight all of the henchmen, defeating them one by one. at the last scene, chan was seen punching the crime lord. lastly, this is the best action and comedy movie. everyone should watch it. highly recommended.

this is the best series of its type i've seen all year. i can't help thinking it's just my luck - a series i love gets 6 episodes (and more next year) and the constant stream of cookie-cutter cop shows get never ending episodes.i think the reasons new tricks succeeds are many. the scripts are good, and the mix of characters superb, the acting is top flight, and the blend of comedy and drama works a treat. the stories aren't all that memorable, but that's not the reason i watch shows like this one. the theme song is a favourite, and we were disappointed to find it isn't available in any published edition. great stuff, bbc- a triumph of sense over sex-appeal (aside from the young constable nobody's there as eye-lolly, and even if he is, he can still act!).

maybe the movie itself isn't one of the best jackie chan's movies, but i think everybody will agree with me that the mall fight was one of the best fighting scenes ever made. there also was some memorable stunts, which were so impressive that they made this movie an action classic. this movie influenced many other action movies and i think that nowadays action movie makers should learn from this film (like they could remake that chase scene, i thing with modern technologies they could make it even better). there also were some funny scenes which made this movie enjoyable even when jackie wasn't fighting. althou i think they could put more fighting scenes in this film.

it's depressing to see where jackie chan has ended up. he used to be an unstoppable hurricane of punches, kicks and incredible stunts. to be fair, he's now in his fifties and one would expect some slowdown. but with 'rush hour 3', where he takes a back seat to chris tucker (of all people!), and then there's 'kung fu panda' where not only is he in a purely vocal role but his character barely has any dialogue... to say that jackie chan has seen better days is a colossal understatement.it's times like this when the only solution is to whip out a dusty old vhs tape and watch jackie kick some arses in his younger, fitter, chris tucker-free days.enter 'police story'. jackie chan plays kar-kui, a policeman whose task it is to protect a witness before a major trial. he faces resistance from both the unco-operative witness and the numerous hit men sent by the mob to silence them both.but on the other hand, who cares? we don't watch jackie chan films for the story. we watch them to see jackie chan perform eye-popping stunts and generally punch and kick a whole lot of people who are less awesome than he is.and on that level, 'police story' doesn't disappoint at all. there is an awesome showdown in a shopping mall at the end that culminates in jackie sliding down a giant, high-voltage chandelier. seriously, if this sort of thing happened more often, no male would ever need coaxing to go shopping for clothes.there is also comedy, much of which involves kar-kui inadvertently upsetting may (maggie cheung), his eternally suffering and apparently ever forgiving girlfriend. the humour on the whole is pretty unsubtle, but it works so i'm not complaining.the acting isn't too subtle, either. indeed, i'm not sure there was anything subtle about 'police story' at all. director jackie chan (yeah, he does that too) clearly has a deep understanding of why we watch his films, and knows that while we're waiting for the next fight to start, the last thing we want is to be looking for nuance and depth and inner meaning.so 'police story' is a blast. as is the case with most of his films, the fact that jackie actually does the stuff you see on the screen puts it head and shoulders above the competition. i mean, when jackie chan really is hanging from a speeding bus by an umbrella, a whole new "wow!" factor is added to the action.

jackie chan's police story is a landmark film for both the honk kong action genre and the career of jackie chan.directed/written by chan, police story has a basic plot as did all the films of that era and genre, and like most of the the films of police storys' kind, the script is nothing to be raved about. but the plot of the film is jackie chan, who plays a nice guy cop, struggling to convict the local gang lord.the direction of the film is nothing special and by no means the best directing effort that jackie chan has given us, that responsibility falls to the underrated masterpiece "miracles". however the job that jackie does directing is sufficient and respectable. the standout out directing of the film comes with the fight scenes.the performances in this film also vary with jackie giving a very solid typical chan nice guy up against it role, but this is by no means his best acting role, that can been seen in the sammo hung directed film "heart of the dragon". the other actors in the film also give as good a solid performance as jackie with bridgete lin playing her part of the unwilling witness reasonably well, but neither does she display full acting potential. the standout acting comes from maggie cheung as jackies' suffering girlfriend and bill tung as the sympathetic and funny police chief. none of the performances in this film is of a low enough standard to affect the quality of the film. the action in the film is what really separates this film from others with stunning contemporary choreography to suit the urbanised, modern setting, the action is some some of the greatest fight scenes ever put on camera. to begin with there is a shootout in the slum where koo (ganglord) is making a drug deal, whilst being no john woo style sequence, this serves as a nice starter for the film. this is then followed by the famous car run down the side of the hill and through the heart of the slum wrecking everything in sight. this is a breathtaking sequence that has since been shamelessly copied by bad boys 2. in the middle of the film is yet another standout sequence as jackie tries to transport bridgete lin from her house to his. this is really the first scene where we get to see the awesome fast paced hand to hand combat that has since become the norm for all modern set martial art films. this sequence is fantastically choreographed, timed and seamlessly edited together to maximise the brutality of the scene. however, as tradition dictates, the standout fight sequence is at the end of the film. this sequence displays some of chans' best choreography, stunts and camera/editing work. this sequence is now famous for two things, the amount of people sent through high density glass, which has to be said a phenomenal amount of people, and the stunt at the end where jackie leaps from a 5th storey balcony, grabs hold of a pole and slides down through a glass roof (this has to be seen to be believed). whilst the two for-mentioned factors are both uniquely brilliant, i think that the most impressive part of this fight sequence is chans' ability to incorporate anything into the fight sequence and the sheer originality of the choreography, that for me has never been bettered. i also believe that the action in police story is some of the best filmed and edited action of chans career helping to set the action apart from others.overall, police story, despite its unspectacular storyline and script and over running in the middle due to plot padding, is one of the best action films of all time displaying chans best choreography, best filmed action and arguably his most spectacular stunt making this essential viewing for everyone. afterall, we watch a chan movie for the action!!

police story is one of jackie chan's classic films that helped shape the hong kong cinema. it is a masterpiece that should not be missed by any action movie fan. from the beginning it is obvious that jackie chan's stunt team literally risked their live to make this film. both the action and the stunts are extremely realistic and innovative. even today, no movie has outdone police story in dangerous stunts. many people were hospitalized in police story including jackie chan. the fighting is not as indisputably exceptional as the stunts but the fighting in this movie helped change and define jackie chan's use of props. throughout the film chan uses odd object to stop attackers and is constantly throwing assailants through thick glass. the action feels real because the stuntmen are giving the movie all they have to give and jackie chan's coordination is outstanding.the rest of the aspects of the film are not without flaws but they will not disappoint any action fan. chan not only plays a believable risk taking cop but shows the powerful changes that his character goes through as he falls into escalating desperation. the plot is powerful but a modern viewer may find it tedious at times. while the comedy will provide a good number of laughs it does not always distract the audience from the lack of action. however, for the time period it was made in, the driving aspects of the plot are entertaining. there a good number of interesting and well played characters dispersed throughout the film as well.overall police story is without a doubt one of the best action movies ever made. and even in hollywood the influences of this one film are not to be ignored.

the best martial arts movie ever made. this one movie is better than anything bruce lee ever did. a classic with a thoroughly entertaining and brutal climax. jackie chan is the king of martial arts movies and the true king of kung fu.it's a great pity that whilst bruce lee had been so overrated, it took jackie chan an eternity to become popular in europe and america. jackie rules!!!!

jackie chan name is synonomus to stunts. this movie never let you down.the opening best chase scene and last roll down scene from the pole is so risky than one wonder ,if he knows the meaning of fear.this movie comes very close to jackie's best which is project a.but the main difference being that project a contains three stars where as in this movie jackie carries the film entirely on his shoulders.this is perhaps the main reason that this movie made jackie an biggest martial arts star followed by bruce lee.the film has nice comic touches too. what makes this film work is jakie's ability to show his venerable side which his in contract to the typical martial arts action hero.this movie was followed by a sequel which was good but was quite tame in comparison to its predecessor.

this is jackie chan's best film, and my personal favourite. after the disappointing u.s made 'the protector' directed by james glickenhaus, jackie took the concept and placed it slap bang into hong kong. this is also probably jackies most violent movie, with the audience cringing at the bone breaking stunts.the action is fast and furious, jackie and his crew really did put max effort into the fight design. bones were broken and blood spilt in the process of making this film as you'll see in the credits.the script is a simple cops and robbers affair, nothing special, after all it was written around the action. i must say that the english version has some dodgy dubbing, but it shouldn't put you off too much.so, get the lads round, crack open the beers and enjoy. by the way, the film was nicknamed 'glass story' by the stunt crew. why? i'll let you find out for yourself!!

having first achieved fame with drunken master, jackie chan was thrust into the spotlight once more with 1983's project a, a hugely enjoyable pirate flick which re-established him as a major star. by the time police story was released two years later, the extraordinary hype surrounding jackie was reaching its zenith, and crowds flocked to see this frenetic blend of awesome stunts, brutal fight scenes and questionable comedy. it broke numerous box-office records and inspired a 50% rise in police recruits, but, viewed 20 years on - is it any good?as an action movie police story unquestionably stands up. there are several terrific fight scenes, some stuntwork that recalls the very best of chan's hero buster keaton, and a compelling if over-violent climactic tussle. jackie's performance is also very strong, and whilst the frequent forays into laboured comedy dull the film's impact just a little, his charisma carries it through. furthermore, in presenting our hero as a borderline psychopath whose recklessness puts others in danger, jackie took a momentous gamble ... though in the event nobody seems to have noticed! by praising police story as a simple 'good vs. evil' battle critics belittled the film's ambiguity of tone, and whilst it's hardly the brothers karamazov, in depicting such uncertainty the film nevertheless represented a notable and praiseworthy shift from conventional ideas.in short, this remains a quality "popcorn" movie* (though you may empty your stomach as numerous villains are thrust against or deposited into glass showcases in the film's final scene) - a potent, boisterously entertaining action movie that ranks with the best of its period.

this is one of jackies best films that is him without opera buddies sammo hung and yuen biao it has one of the best openings in any action film and it carrys on in that way with jackie showing some high quality stunts the only critisim is that in the middle it gets a bit slow but it shows up for a frantic last 25 mins in the film and the end credits show what a crazy fool jackie chan is just to keep us film addicts happy

this is my favorite jackie chan movie and in an interview, jackie said it was his favorite as well. it contains some unbelievable stunts and jaw dropping fight sequences as well as some very funny scenes as well. this movie was a favorite of brandon lee, who used parts in rapid fire, and was also lifted in tango and cash, which used some of the opening scenes.jackie plays a policeman in hong kong. the story immediately jumps into a fantastic chase through a shanty town and continues as jackie slides down a hill and jumps onto a moving bus to catch the evil ku (who is one of the greatest villains in any jackie chan movie.) you can expect some very funny scenes as jackie tries to balance his duty as a policeman with his girl friend, played by maggie chung. his job is to protect ku's secretary who has enough information to take him down, but even that poses many problems. jackie is at his absolute best here. the last fight scene at the mall is my favorite fight scene by anyone - period. it was the most intense fight i have ever seen jackie do and climaxes in a slide down a pole amidst exploding lights. all in all, one of his greatest stunts he ever did and left him with skin pealed off his hands. he was fortunate he was not electrocuted as the person in charge of the stunt used high voltage instead of a lower voltage.all in all, another chan classic and definitely one of his greatest movies. by the end of this movie, you can tell he held absolutely nothing back and neither did his stuntmen. so many of his stuntmen were injured during this movie that nobody would insure them anymore - jackie had to take responsibility himself. there are no gimmicks, wires or stand-ins - it is all true-life action that is a treat to watch. it is this type of action that made him the phenomenon that he is and it is a movie that will amaze people 100 years from now. if you have not seen this movie and are a fan of jackie chan or action in general, give yourself a treat and watch this movie. it is truly sensational.

just finished watching this movie for maybe the 7th or 8th time, picked it up one night previously viewed at blockbuster and absolutely loved it, i've shown it to 4 people so far and they have enjoyed it as well. avoid of all the hollywood glamour, special effects and stress on the "shock factor", this independent film by paul f. ryan hits the nail on the head in dealing with the after affects of traumatic situations. taking place after a high school shooting, two characters alicia (busy philipps) and deanna (erika christensen) form an unlikely bond. alicia, the girl with the stone heart, the goth who has a pessimistic attitude to life assists deanna to overcome the issues of life and death and living in the aftermath. meanwhile deanna attempts to help alicia to see some of the softness and light in the world again. not stressing on the shocking event of the shooting, but on the interpersonal relationships amongst those who survived it sets this movie apart. despite its low-budget and short filming time, this movie is far from cheesy. ryan pays respect to a situation he has never endured and attempts to delve into the human psyche. with an amazing up and coming actress, philipps, adds the necessary dramatics to the dialogue and overall feel for the film and christensen helps to balance out the "doom and gloom" feeling this movie may have. overall, i recommend this movie and if you enjoy the topic of school aggression and violence and learning more about it, i also suggest the documentary "it's a girls world" put out by cbc in 2004, which deals with the topic of social bullying, comparing and contrasting two groups of girls one in montreal, quebec and the other in victoria, british columbia, the group of friends and acquaintances of dawn marie wellesley a 14 year old girl who killed herself after being brutally bullied.

this is a wonderful new crime series, bringing together three old stalwarts of british television (denis waterman, james bolam and alun armstrong) as retired detectives brought back to help clear up old cases, under the leadership of younger, career-focused amanda redman. the three quirky, irritable old cops make a brilliant team, applying twenty-year old detection methods in a police force which has moved a long way on since then - sometimes with effect, at other times to the horror of their senior officers. the three are portrayed sympathetically, warts and all. there are splendid comic scenes, and some very moving ones as each of the three has to come to terms with growing old and the legacy of their pasts.at the end of the first six-part series (we are promised a further series next year) each of the characters had developed. widower james bolam cannot come to terms with his wife's untimely death. lothario denis waterman is learning to accept his role as grandfather. and even obsessive alun armstrong is helped by his new friends to fight the demons of his past - and keep taking the medication! while amanda redman has to face the all-too-familiar conflict between having a life and a career. the story lines have been interesting, if rather heavily dependent on the wonders of dna-testing. but it is the interplay of four of britain's finest actors which has made the series unmissable.

this is sad this movie is the tops this should at least be in the top 250 movies here. this is still the best action movie ever done. the action movies of today are badly done the actors and action directors do not no how to do it fighting and stunts properly. only some no how to do it mostly from hong kong like jackie chan. the stunts are so clever and wild i do not think we will see the likes of ever. the start where chan and his team go down the hill car chase through the hill town is just amazing. the end fight stunts are for me the best fight stunts ever put to film. the end stunt sliding down the pole crashing through the glass jackie was badly hurt.

police story is a stunning series of set pieces for jackie chan to show his unique talents and bravery. some of the stunts here are among jackie's best and most dangerous the whole mall fight finale is probably jackie's greatest single fight sequence, more brutal and less comedic then say project a or drunken master at the end of the fight you can almost feel the pain of the impact.but unfortunately the rest of the film doesn't hold up to this quality as it is a rather formulaic cop thriller with some comedy elements. i always prefer jc in films such as project a where his natural comic talents shine through. in the serious confines of some elements of police story it just doesn't work for me. having said that though this is still up there with jackies best films due to the incredible stunt work and sheer spectacle.as usual with hong kong films avoid the english dubbed dvd version as it is truly awful stick with the subtitles.great stunts, ok movie a fine starting point if you've not seen a jc movie before and well worth a watch for any movie fan 7/10

police story brought hong kong movies to modern day cinema.jackie plays a policeman who tries to catch some drug dealers and at the same time take care of a young woman from the bad guys, and still take care of his relationship with his girlfriend selina (brigitte lin).the movie features plenty of stunts, not only from jackie, but also from other actors (who are now in jackies stunt club).three of jackie's stunt members went to hospital during filming on the film.the movie also have some incredible fights scenes like ''the car park fight'' and ''the shoppingmal fight ranks as one of jackie's finest.the movie also won award for best movie and best action design by jackie chan at hong kong film awards.everyone who loves jackie chan and/or martial art movies shud see this

there is one detail, which is not very common for jackie chan movies, but which is present here. it has some very tough and serious atmosphere about it while the funny elements are present too. jackie is menacing and psychotic here. he is not a hero who is attacked and only then fights back (in a usual laid-back pattern), but he is the one who can go and start the tumult. his manner of hitting that evil guy in the glasses is amazing. every time it goes "crack!". i also especially enjoy the scene when jackie goes to the pub and thrashes the villains who had fronted on his girlfriend. it's one of the best blitzkriegs put on screen. besides, the whole scene is shot with the background of some action character painted on the wall (it also looks like a poster of "rabochiy" from our soviet era) and some lines in russian on the left (i noticed that quite accidentally). that looks terrific (and nostalgic for russian people). i also like when the windows are being smashed in the movies. here there's a lot of this stuff. it's quite amazing watching the characters falling/jumping/running/driving through all manner of panes.all three movies are great. i had been preparing myself to see the down-slide of the quality but i saw a perfect trilogy with sense and incredible stunts (and not only jackie chan's character appears in all three movies - that's also excellent and keeps continuity up).i would like to describe each movie just in a few words: no.1 - great (in all aspects - it is one gripping story from the very beginning to the very end) and funny (many scenes are ridiculous); no.2 - raging (jackie is really *beep* off here) and painful (jackie gets tortured); no.3 - unbelievable (the woman that fights alongside with jackie is incredible) and bombastic (should i mention a lot of guns and explosions?).as to the rest - much has been mentioned by the others.it's a trilogy that can be watched over and over again (at least by me). its place is in top 10 among action/comedy jewels. finally it's been released in russia on dvd (the 2nd film has the best options - the chinese/russian soundtracks and english/russian subtitles).solid 10 out of 10. thank you for attention.

this movie is without a doubt a perfect 10/10.. for all you people out there who are rating this film low grades because it has no "good plot" or anything like that, thats ridiculous, saying that a jackie chan movie is bad because of its plot is like saying a porn movie is bad because it has no plot! you watch jackie chan for the fight scenes, for the action its not so much concentrated on a good story or anything like that, if you look at how he makes movies and compare it to other american films from that era and even later you will realize that jackie chan's movies had over the top fights scenes and not really good plots while american movies had good plots but shitty action scenes compared to what jackie chan was doing at the time. porn is watched for the porn, jackie chan is watched for the action, i think you people are rating it bad because there's no plot because you think thats how a smart movie critic would rate a good movie but the way i see it is a good movie is a movie that can keep me entertained. sure the middle of the movie was boring, very boring, but put it this way the rest which is all action scenes and stunts very much do pay for all of that. this did change the way how american action movies were created, they have even stollen scenes from this movie. if you want a true man, a true entertainer then watch this movie and many more of jackie chan's, hes pure in everyway. he literally makes american movies look like a walk in the park, and even in todays movies. american movies rely so much on special effects and safety wires and stunt doubles and so much more. police story and many other jackie chan films are pieces of work of a true entertainer who just goes all out and is very talented in what he can do. a masterpiece

this is not only one of the greatest jackie chan films, but also one of the greatest kung-fu movies of all time.we've come to expect crazy stunts, and fast, creative action in chan's movies, and this one set the benchmark for others to follow. it's two hours of pure entertainment, that impresses all the way through.as well as the superb action, we have a viable storyline and believable characters, with chan taking what appears to be a more western approach to the writing, mixing eastern resolution methods (ie kicking ass).overall, it's funny, serious, entertaining and groundbreaking. a must for any kung-fu fan, whilst at the same time remaining accessible to the wider reaches of the film community.

police story is arguably one of the best works by the master of action himself.compared to other action films,police story makes schwarzenegger and stallone look like beginners.the stunt scenes are well cheorgraphed and the action scenes are superb.if new line cinema has any sense,they would release this in theaters.

my favorite jackie chan movie will always be "drunken master" (1978), followed by this film from 1985, "police story." in it, chan plays a hong kong super-cop who busts a notorious crime lord and his gang, and is then assigned to protect the man's girlfriend (brigitte lin) so that she can turn state's evidence. as the story goes on, the gangster sends his goons to dispatch lin, but chan takes matters into his own fists and feet, while keeping girlfriend maggie cheung at bay. like "drunken master," "police story" has many of the signature stunts and over-the-top martial arts/action choreography that chan has become famous for, climaxing in a battle royal at a crowded shopping mall. in his role as director, chan exceeds in excellence, giving a charismatic and funny performance that accentuates the action. while light on the overall slapstick humor of "drunken master," at heart "police story" is just that, a police story, a gritty cop-thriller that would be oft-copied over the years to come.10/10

jackie chan is considered by many film and martial arts movie fans as one of the greatest action stars ever to grace the silver screen and police story cemented his reputation as the likely successor to the late, great bruce lee. if enter the dragon bared the so-called bench mark of lee's greatness in the 70s, then the same can be said about police story and jackie chan in the 80s.forget about the rush hour trilogy, or any of his us efforts- the one film that really typifies chan's excellence, not to mention kick starting his status as a high kicking, bone-crushing kung- fu talisman, as well as his movie career was this, police story- the first in a series of successful cop films, set in mainland, present day hong kong.i've seen many of his efforts- likewise the us-based rush hour, rumble in the bronx, the medalian and the tuxedo to name- and frankly many of them pale into insignificance compared to police story. in those movies, we saw a less 'dumbed down' version of jackie, of whom didn't get the opportunity to utilise his fighting abilities to the maximum, not to mention the fight sequences were no where as good as those in such efforts as drunken master, police story to name. the stunts in this movie are extraordinary and are the best featured in any action movie. the shopping mall scene is literally one of a kind and has to be seen to be believed: the flying shards of glass, chan who is left dangling outside the bus only by his walking stick as a madman frantically drives through the streets of the town, and chan successfully making usage of all sorts of inanimate objects and prop devices as weapons to fight the bad guys with. considering he is known for injuring and breaking every bone in his body and putting himself in harm's way, jackie's persistence in showing his versatility as a stuntman himself by not relying on one, is somewhat of a testament to his reputation as a kung fu expert. especially as he has the bruises to show for it. thus, he has proved that he is no one-trick pony when it comes down to devising and coming up with various and clever looking moves.story-wise, there is not much to discuss but what it lacks in narrative, it makes up with its end-to end action and fight sequences. as for the dialogue, well it's not a really huge aspect of the film- which is why most fans of jackie's and martial arts films are more interested in action, as opposed to the story.unlike say the matrix, there are no wires or cgi, or any form of computer trickery involved. what you see is what you get- and what you get with police story is a great jackie chan epic, full of action and pulsating stunts.it is miles better than rumble in the bronx, rush hour and all his other american efforts.police story is an excellent film and one i'd definitely recommend to anyone who is a novice jackie chan fan, but of whom are unsure which one they should watch first.

probably jackie chan's best film in the 1980s, and the one that put him on the map. the scale of this self-directed police drama is evident from the opening and closing scenes, during which a squatters' village and shopping mall are demolished. there are, clearly, differences between the original chinese and dubbed english versions, with many of the jokes failing to make their way into the latter. the latter is also hampered by stars who sound nothing like their chinese originals. in fact, the only thing the dubbing has corrected is the court trial—at the time, trials in colonial hong kong were conducted in english, while the original has this scene in cantonese!nonetheless, chan's fighting style and the martial arts choreography inject humour where possible, so non-cantonese audiences don't miss much. it's not, after all, the dialogue that makes a chan flick, but the action and the painful out-takes. the story is easy to follow: chan plays an incorruptible hong kong detective pursuing a gangland godfather (cho yeun), and assigned to protect a star witness (brigitte lin). the action is superb from beginning to end, and there's not much time to breathe in between. it'll never get you thinking, but what an entertaining, and well strung-together, film. arguably, this is one of the best martial arts films out there.

being that this movie has a lot of fine entertainment qualities i think it should some more credit than it has been given on imdb.it's your basic 'who done it?' thriller with sex and murder but it keeps you guessing right to the end. i like these kinds of movies and i certainly think this one meets the standard.to me it was worth watching more than once so i'll give it an 8 on imdb.

a winters day, 28th december 1986, two bored 14 year olds hire a movie. "hmmmm, police story, looks interesting", "who is this jackie chan?", "never heard of him". two hours later after watching the film, in a daze, we wanted to know more. 16 years later (and severely out of pocket from collecting jc movies!) the film still grabs me like no other. ok, maybe i have a soft spot for it as it was my "first" (cannonball run doesn't count!!) jc movie, but it is an excellent movie. it has all the classic jc elements, action, humour, action, heart and action! some comments say it's dated, it was made in 1985, of course it's dated! but then so must jaws, casablanca, singin' in the rain and the godfather!!!!!! without movies like police story where would hollywood action be today? ps set standards, many a scene has been stolen for use in other movies. to really fully appreciate it you must see it in widescreen, you miss so much of the movie otherwise (yes, he really does fall off the bus going round the corner!). if you haven't already, see this movie now!!!!

version: universal / hong kong legends r4 dvd release. cantonese / english subtitlesonce upon a time, five years ago, the world was obsessed with 'the matrix', and i was perhaps one of the few fifteen year olds left who still believed that 'terminator' was better than 'matrix'. i was but a simple teenage boy, looking for a good action movie, and then there was a shining light on a tv station i had never really watched, a little station known as sbs. one night i noticed in the tv guide that a movie starring jackie chan - 'police story' would be on later. being fifteen, and having only seen 'rumble in the bronx' and 'rush hour', i said... "wow awesome" and sat down to watch it, and continually shouted "wow awesome" as the movie progressed. two weeks later, after sbs had shown the 'police story' trilogy, i knew i had found my new favourite actor.jackie plays chan ka kui, a hong kong cop who busts a major drug-lord, chu (yuen chor). chu's secretary, selina fong (brigitte lin), is being held by the police as a witness against chu, and chan is assigned to protect her. things go bad - reaaaal bad - when chu's case is dismissed and he decides he wants fong and chan dead.'police story' is one of the greatest action movies ever, and certainly one of my favourite jackie chan films. it starts off strong, and ends with one of the most incredible action sequences ever filmed. everything in between is great. however, some of the funny parts may seem a little tasteless to more than a few people...as a story, this is still one of jackie's better efforts. for an action movie, the story is pretty good, and jackie is a much better actor in this than he is in the acting & plot intensive 'new police story'. this isn't 'miracles', but maybe that's a good thing.'police story' is one of jackie's finest works. it got me hooked on jackie chan movies, and should provide a nice start for any potential jackie fans. the bad news for anyone who sees this first is that jackie chan movies don't come much better - 10/10

fred gwynne, al lewis, sid caesar, and yvonne de carlo star in this funny, funny movie. the late fred gwynne is truly wonderful as herman munster who lives with grandpa munster (al lewis), wife lily (yvonne de carlo), and his son and daughter. sid caesar is hilarious as the owner of a wax museum that has a whole section dedicated to the munster family. when the wax figures of herman and grandpa begin to terrorize the town everyone blames the two. the two now have to clear their names before it's too late. you'll laugh out loud just like i did.

this movie has one of the cheesiest plots i have seen. for me, that's what makes it so awesome! fred gwynne and al lewis are very good at what they achieved in the original munsters series. while there was less slapstick, they still worked wonderfully together "comedically." i wish yvonne de carlo, as lily, would have had more plot involvement. she showed that she could do comedy in the original series, but it was mostly wasted in this movie. this movie also stars the great sid caesar, but sadly he doesn't have any interaction with gwynne and lewis. i think some better work could have come out of that.

this movie is ridiculous! that's exactly what i like about this piece of "guilty pleasure". it is easy to condemn this movie for not including pat priest and butch patrick, the original marilyn and eddie. but look at the year and do the math. pat priest and butch patrick had long outgrown their parts! time does that to young stars. yvonne de carlo, who re-prised her role as lili, was pushing the big 6-0 (even though she still looked good and was still the perfect "lili").it's a shame that yvonne de carlo wasn't given a larger part. still, it was good to see fred gwynne and al lewis in the roles that made them so famous! during the 2 seasons that the munsters was on prime time, it was the gwynne/lewis chemistry that made the series such a success. the rest of the cast were supporting cast members, not to say that they weren't needed. they were! the tv series wouldn't had survived as long as it did without them. given the choice between butch patrick or happy derman (the original "eddie"), the choice was too easy. yvonne de carlo was also the better choice over joan marshall.though this movie doesn't measure up to the original tv series, it still measures up nicely and is one of the better "reunuin" tv specials that plagued the boob-tube during the late 1970s/early 1980s.'

believe it or not, inspector gadget's last case is what got me hooked on the whole gadget thing.my name is miriam and i am twelve years old, so obviously i wasn't around when inspector gadget was at the top of his career. sure, i'd heard of him, but i didn't really know him.while reading, note that i never saw the original series (i would if it came on!). this is just about the only gadget thing i've ever watched (even though i am now obsessed) and i will be focusing on what i liked about it since everyone else is so negative. for all you pessimists, i've got some cons down there, too. =p first off, for a childish sense of humor, you could deem this movie pretty funny. i thought it was, so sue me. i also thought the animation and character designs were good, and i'm also happy there was more gadget in it, since he's my favorite character. (i do not like penny.) then there was claw (his voice was awful, though) and the madcat; i thought they were done fairly good too. gadget's idiocy seemed pretty well in place, if not a bit exaggerated (i.e. sucking his hat-hand thing's thumb. would make a good screen shot, though. =p) oh, and i liked the song that ran in the credits. yes, i am strange.and, like all movies, there are some negatives, too.talking cars? what's up with that? you can tell this was aimed at younger boys. that wouldn't bother me quite so much if there wasn't the fact that the cars basically saved the day. i would have much preferred if penny and brain had taken their place. and, apparently, gadget loved his car more than would be called natural. a bit weird, to say the least.oh, and the chief was downright mean to gadget. i mean, sheesh, yeah, he wasn't always the most cheerful of people, but he didn't hate gadget, from what i've read. like the inspector, his personality was exaggerated.well, that's pretty much all i have to say about this movie. i thought the animation made up for the car-centered plot and that it was overall pretty decent; more so than the live-action gadget films (butchered, butchered, butchered!) at least. maybe i'm just biased because this is what got me into gadget in the first place, or maybe my mind is twisted, or maybe i'm just odd, but i really liked this movie, even if i'm the oldest it's recommended for.

this is a rip-roaring british comedy movie and one that i could watch over and over again without growing tired. peter ustinov has never performed in a bad role and this is no exception, particularly with his dry wit but very clever master plan. karl malden has always been an admirer of mine since he starred in 'streets of san francisco'. i believe that maggie smith is the real star of this film though, appearing to be so inept at everything she tries to do but in truth is so switched on, particularly at the end when she informs everyone that she has invested so much money that she has discovered whilst laundering his clothes. one thing does concern me though, could someone please tell me why i cannot purchase this on either dvd or vhs format in the uk, could someone please assist?

it's about an embezzler, peter ustinov, who infiltrates a british company, texa-conn or something like that, posing as a computer whiz and security expert. he secretly learns to hack into the computer, while gathering the admiration of his boss, karl malden, the enmity of his office rival, bob newhart, and the love of his inept secretary, maggie smith.some of the business details were a little murky to these non-business-oriented eyes but they're believable enough and i got the general idea. ustinov, the peculating peter, establishes phony businesses in paris, rome, and stuttgart, and uses texa-conn's computer to send all kinds of money to these ersatz establishments. the overseas companies, of course, consist of nothing more than himself, ustinov, and the addresses are an abandoned artist's loft in paris, a barber shop in rome, and a bakery in germany. he simply visits them to collect the checks he's sent himself.i didn't think i'd like it for the first few minutes because it seemed rather on the slow side. i was expecting something with a faster tempo and more outrage, along the lines of "the pink panther" or "the lavender hill gang." but this film insinuates itself into your good graces as you come to appreciate the understated humor in the plot, the characterizations, and the dialog.probably it would be a bad idea to give away too many of the relatively subtle gags but here are some examples of the more noticeable.ustinov to secretary smith: "let me have the assets of these companies." smith: "assets? what are they?" ustinov: "little female donkeys." now, nothing is made of this little exchange. there's a quick cut and no delay for any laughter, which is appropriate because one's reaction is more likely to be a smile than a laugh.ustinov searches out that crummy loft in paris. it's covered with cobwebs. bricks are strewn around and a couple of the former occupant's paintings have been left behind. the landlord doesn't speak english and ustinov knows no french. ustinov points to a child-like painting of a nude woman and chuckles, "ah. a fam fye-tal, eh?" landlord chuckles too, replies: "vous le prenez pour une anee?" ustinov: "oh -- annie, so that's her name!" landlord: "oui?" ustinov: "entente cordiale!" (mes amis, if i got those genders wrong, je m'excuse.) bob newhart as willard gnatpole (!) has the hots for maggie smith and is supposed to be driving her home but tells her he's taking "the scenic route." there is an immediate sequence of suggestive traffic signs. "caution." "lay-by." "give way." "yield." ending with the imperious "stop/children." there's another montage when ustinov's scheme is about to be discovered by the board of directors -- blurry rooftops, police cars, a farewell embrace from maggie, ending with a sign: prison, wormwood scrubs.well, maybe one more. i still can't get over malden as the boss, declaring decisively, "i never agonize over decisions," then gulping a handful of pills and washing them down with a glass of water.the acting is unarguably fine. it's bob newhart's best role, for instance. not that he had that many, and not that his range wasn't limited, but he's perfect in this part. the musical score by laurie johnson obviously had a good deal of effort put into it. she seems to have written a brief concerto for flute. ustinov's passion is music and his overseas establishments are headed by false names like claude debussy and giacconino rossini. stuttgart's phony president is somebody named schmidt, and he's an anomalous clinker. maggi smith is pretty, sexy, bourgeois, and turns out to be not nearly so dumb as she seems.delightful, in its own quiet way, but don't expect comic fireworks.

peter ustinov plays an embezzler who is just getting out of prison when the film begins. as soon as he walks out the gates, he immediately begins working on a scheme to once again make a bundle by stealing, though this time he has his sights set pretty high. this is actually one of the weak points about the film, as he apparently knows nothing about computers (few did back in 1968) but manages to become a computer genius literally overnight! yeah, right. anyway, he comes up with a scheme to impersonate a computer expert and obtain a job with a large american corporation so he can eventually embezzle a ton of cash. considering his knowledge of computers is rudimentary, it's amazing how he puts into effect a brilliant plan and manages to infiltrate the computer system and its defenses. but, it's a movie after all, so i was able to suspend disbelief. by the end of the film, he and his new wife (maggie smith) are able to run away with a million pounds.at the very end, though, it gets very, very confusing and smith announces she's managed to actually accumulate more than two million by shrewd investing in the companies that ustinov started (though she didn't realize they were all dummy companies). this should mean that eventually these stocks she bought were worthless. what they seem to imply (and i could be guessing wrong here) is that ustinov and his new partners quickly cashed in the stocks before this became known and the stocks would thereby then become worthless. either way, the film seems to post on a magical ending whereby no one is hurt and everyone is happy--and this just didn't make much sense. it's a shame, really, as the acting and most of the writing was great. karl malden, bob newhart, peter ustinov and maggie smith were just wonderful.if i seem to have interpreted the end, let me know, as the film seemed very vague in details at the end.

a clever, undeniably entertaining romp starring peter ustinov as a career embezzler with his sights set on a us conglomerate in london. he's abetted by foxy (and deceptively sharp) maggie smith and threatened with exposure by jealous company man bob newhart. this is a heist film with a lot of brains. ustinov is exceptional as is smith and newhart is quite funny. the real surprise is karl malden, as the pill popping "executive vice-president." malden has seldom been so loose. cesar romero and robert morley pop up in some funny cameos. the excellent music score is by laurie johnson. eric till's direction is brisk and the script by ustinov and ira wallach is first-rate & very smart. a swinging good time!

hot millions is a great movie in every way. a fun, offbeat story with wonderful performances by four of the best professionals ever to work in the business. peter ustinov is brilliant, as usual, and maggie smith---definitely one of the greatest actresses of all time--- is a total delight. karl malden and bob newhart round out the cast and are also perfect. if you want a movie that has perfect casting, this is it. what is so impressive is the way these people work off each other in such a natural and effortless way, creating lots of laughs and fun moments throughout. peter ustinov was a genius with a wonderful sense of humor and this is one of his most memorable performances. the direction, photography, and editing are also first-rate, and it's a great time capsule of london in the '60s. it's definitely on my all-time favorites list.

talk about a dream cast - just two of the most wonderful actors who ever appeared anywhere - peter ustinov and maggie smith - together - in "hot millions," a funny, quirky comedy also starring karl malden, robert morley, and bob newhart. ustinov is an ex-con embezzler who gets the resume of a talented computer programmer (morley) and takes a position in a firm run by malden - with the goal of embezzlement in mind. it's not smooth sailing; he has attracted the attention of his competitor at the company, played by newhart, and his neighbor, maggie smith (who knows him at their place of residence under another name), becomes his secretary for a brief period. she can't keep a job and she is seen throughout the film in a variety of employment - all ending with her being fired. when newhart makes advances to her, she invites ustinov over to her flat for curry as a cover-up, but the two soon decide they're made for each other. of course, she doesn't know ustinov is a crook.this is such a good movie - you can't help but love ustinov and smith and be fascinated by ustinov's machinations, his genius, and the ways he slithers out of trouble. but there's a twist ending that will show you who really has the brains. don't miss this movie, set in '60s london. it's worth if it only to hear maggie smith whine, "i've been sacked."

without peter ustinov and maggie smith, this could easily have been a turkey. but they are brilliant. ustinov is at his best, and for fans of maggie, it is great to see her in her early days, matching ustinov every step of the way for with and timing. for englishmen in their fifties (and i am in that bracket), it is always entertaining to see glimpses of and hear sounds of the swinging sixties, and although this film spends a lot of time in offices, it has plenty of sixties nostalgia, including red buses, carnaby street, a song by lulu and a delicious shot up the micro-skirt of a waitress, the like of which england has never seen since in public places. as an i.t. engineer, i know that the computer hacking tricks are laughable, but they are not meant to be taken seriously. nor are the wonderful stereotypes of italians, french and germans.

"hot millions" is a well-written, well-acted tale about an embezzler who steals (whoops! -- too low class a word for an embezzler, according to peter ustinov's lead character) a "hot million" from the london branch of a u.s. corporation by creating shell corporations on the continent and using the firm's ostensibly secure computer to transfer funds to them. (remember, spoiler police, this is a comedy, not a mystery.) from 1968, this movie's depiction of computers may seem naive to today's more computer-literate populace; but as one who has worked with computers since before this film was released, i would assert that even then, this smacks of having been written by and for computer illiterates, probably on purpose to heighten the droll comedic aspects of this british flick. if one has little taste for this type of entertainment, the movie may seem to drag in spots. fortunately, it has a nicely wrapped-up ending; unfortunately, the end credits give no indication of the classical music used therein -- the symphonic piece at the end and the piano-flute duet in the middle -- just the song sung by lulu which i totally don't remember.

i can only echo the praise of the other reviews here. it's a delightful film with a feelgood factor that it achieves without crossing the line into soppy sentimentality. naturally sweet - no added sugar.one small point: it seems to me that the mild objections raised about ustinov's character pendelton being able to walk in and defeat the system security ignore the fact that pendelton is clearly a genius/savant at this sort of thing. yes, the film was pretty computer illiterate, but it did show pendelton 'studying computers' at his flat, and i believe the implication was supposed to be that his gifts allowed him to simply engulf the whole subject, practically overnight.there were a few odd moments when it appeared in some scenes that gnatpole was trying to test pendelton's knowledge and call his bluff. i'm not sure whether we were supposed to believe that pendelton cunningly weaselled his way out of these situations, or whether he was actually knowledgeable enough to pass the tests - it was a little unclear.certainly he had to know enough to set up the dummy accounts. presumably wallach and ustinov were relying on their own rather foggy notion of how computers worked in those days, and in order to understand in detail what they were getting at, it's necessary to know quite what their concept was. they knew there was something about 'procedures' which was important; they thought that the 'smart light' could actually control security, rather than just indicate its state; they thought that the (dumb) user terminal's features would strongly influence what could be done on the mainframe itself - though apart from things like graphics feature i don't see it meself.mostly, i think they tried to avoid the subject of actual computer operations as far as they could, and they did that rather well. allowing them a bit of artistic license, i don't think their efforts had any flaws worthy of note.cd

i just saw hot millions on tcm and i had completely forgotten this gem. ustinov creates a clever and divisive plot that has him cleverly going from two bit con man to ingenious... well you'll see. maggie smith is perfect as the bumbling secretary/neighbor who has a tough time holding a job but has a warm and vibrant personality that beams through in this picture. she creates a fine portrayal of a warm, witty and real person who in the long run...well...molden and newhart as top executives take on the challenge of making what could be banal roles and make them come out into a comic life of their own. robert morley and ceasar romero are just a pleasure to see and i know at least in romero's case ustinov is extending a helping hand of work. this film is meant to be a shot back at the rising computer age and it's problems for the average con man or man for that matter but in fact the characters are so involving and so much fun to watch that the computer sub plot is almost lost...i say almost.let down your usual expectations of modern comedy and look for the great performances and friendly, forgiving and deeply involving plot in this picture.

i saw the description of the movie on tcm and only let it run because i like both peter ustinov and maggie smith, so i was delightfully surprised to find that i really liked the movie and found it quite exceptional. of course, it is seriously dated, but as a period piece it is well worth watching just for the subtle humour in insight into life and lifestyle almost forty years ago. now the only problem is trying to find it on dvd so i can watch it more often. i also was quite taken with the performances of smith and ustinov as the leads, and of karl malden, bob newhart, and the cameo appearances by robert morley and cesar romero.

"hot millions" is a delightful comedy that is made even better by the presence of the marvelous cast assembled for it. the movie is a tribute to the genius of peter ustinov, who wrote the screen play and appears as the key figure of an enterprising embezzler. the movie, directed by eric till, doesn't show signs of having dated as terribly, as some others from that period.at the center of the action is a friendly man, marcus pendleton, who, before being released from prison, fixes the income tax forms for the warden, who is amazed of the refund he is owed by the government. marcus, who is a genius at numbers, sees opportunities where others wouldn't. he starts working for a firm that uses the latest computer for its accounting, but pendleton is a resourceful man who finds a way to take advantage of the system and establishes different phony accounts in different parts of the continent.marcus is assigned a secretary, who also happens to have a flat in his building. the inept patty is seen working as a bus fare taker who manages to make a mess of everything. how she lands a job as a secretary is beyond comprehension, but things are never the same in the office when the creepy willard gnatpole decides to go after her, but have no fear, patty's heart belongs to marcus, who is an accomplished pianist and she is a flutist and they make beautiful music together.the best thing in the film is peter ustinov. he clearly understood how marcus should be played and runs away with the film. mr. ustinov gives an assured account of the embezzler. the excellent maggie smith is also at her best with her take on patty, the kind woman who adores marcus and who proves to be a genius herself when it comes to investing the money she finds in marcus' pockets.karl malden is perfect as the american in charge of the corporation. bob newhart also appears as gnatpole, the man who desires patty, but can't get her to reciprocate. the marvelous robert morley is seen as caesar smith, whose identity marcus has assumed. cesar romero appears also in a cameo role as an airport customs inspector."hot millions" will delight everyone looking for a fun time in the company of that unsavory, but charming character, marcus pendleton.

i first saw this film about 11 years ago when my former college accounting professor recommended it to me. i was amazed that a movie from 1968 could so coherently and hilariously portray computer crime. maggie smith is delightful and ustinov plays the "retro hacker" perfectly. "o nolo mio"!!!!!

it's very sly for all of the 60's look to the movie. the humor is quite gentle, but it grew on me much more than i expected. the cast is first-rate and they appear to be having a wonderful time. ustinov wanders through the film muttering some quite funny things under his breath, and it's all very inconsequential; i'll buy the movie as soon as it comes out on dvd. the plot is that ustinov as an embezzler released from prison posing as a computer whiz and embezzling money from an american company with an office in london. maggie smith is his secretary for a while, and watching her get fired from many different jobs is part of the fun. bob newhart is his usual deadpan self, and karl malden has fun as the dense and sleazy executive running the london office. the ending is funny and nicely cynical.

i recently found this movie on vhs after looking for it for a number of years, i was not disappointed. it gets better every time i see it. peter ustinov stars and co-wrote the original screenplay (nominated for an academy award). other stars you've heard of include karl malden, bob newhart and cesar romero. ustinov plays an accountant/embezzler, just released from england's infamous wormwood scrubs prison (he had embezzled from the conservative party headquarters, selected because he is a liberal). he immediately begins a search for a new employer from whom he can embezzle, and discovers that computers are the wave of the future. he social-engineers his way into a london men's club and learns the identity of the best computer experts in town, he steals the identity of one caesar smith, who has just left town for south america to pursue his hobby of collecting moths in the wild. he talks his way into ta-can-co, an american conglomerate headed by carlton klemper (karl malden). klemper hires smith and shows him around the computer center, especially its security feature consisting of a flashing blue light. ustinov asks the computer how to defeat its security and the computer obligingly tells, him, "disconnect blue light." using hacking techniques from 30 years in the future, ustinov breaks into the system and programs the computer to generate checks written to various bogus companies. the scheme starts to unravel when klemper's assistant willard g. gnatpole (bob newhart) notices the amount of business ta-can-co appears to be transacting with ustinov's scam companies. with the help of his secretary patty terwilliger (maggie smith), ustinov manages to avoid prosecution and lives happily ever after. to tell you how would spoil this very funny, romantic, intelligent, and ahead-of-its-time picture.

this movie is now appearing on digital tv at least once a month, i've watched it a dozen or more times, and it never ceases to delight me. if it was on tomorrow i'd watch it again. such is the artistry that peter ustinov and maggie smith, two great magicians of the acting profession can create, helped in no small way by the superb supporting trio of karl malden, bob newhart and robert morley. not forgetting others in minor roles.it is a simple tale, simply told, of an ex-con, a lovable embezzler, battling and succeeding with the then "new age technology" i.e computers, and finding affection in the process. even if it is a tad (tongue in cheek) implausible, even unbelievable, the characters are not. there is no violence, no sex, no bad language, and best of all no awful method acting which is so prevalent today. a real lesson to modern movie-makers on how to make a great show from, and with, virtually nothing...except outstanding talent.

if there were two more charming performers than peter ustinov and maggie smith appearing together in a more charming movie in 1968, i don't know who they were. i first saw this delightful little satiric gem 25 years ago at the age of 16, and i consider any year in which i have failed to sit down to watch it again a wasted one. it's intelligent, quirky, neat, wistful, sweet, gently subversive, and utterly enchanting. the romance of these two social misfits is both richly comic and terribly moving - never more so than in maggie smith's desperate attempt to bring up the right card in the deck, a scene that's both ruefully funny and a perfect thumbnail portrait of heartbreaking loneliness. and that final freeze-frame on the anxious, concerned, loving face of ustinov as he asks, "are you all right?" - has anyone ever made the look and sound of devotion so perfectly and nakedly honest? i would never want to know anyone well who didn't love this movie.

those who only remember the late sir peter ustinov as hercule poirot or a professional raconteur would do well to seek out this charming piece of late '60s satire. ustinov stars as a convicted embezzler (we first see him during his last day in gaol where he is preparing the prison governor's tax return) who, sensing that the future is in computers, poses (by means of a deft piece of identity theft) as a computer expert and sets out to infiltrate an american multinational.ustinov (who co-wrote the script) is on top form, as is the delightful maggie smith, here unusually cast as an accident-prone cockney-sparrow dolly bird. bob newhart also puts in an amusing performance as a suspicious executive who has designs on maggie smith. in addition, karl malden is satisfyingly sleazy as ustinov and newhart's womanising boss.what do i particularly like about this film? not only is it a well-thought-out 'caper movie' but it's also a touching little love story; ustinov and smith are very convincing as the two misfits stumbling into love (the whole scene involving the deck of cards is particularly effective.)so, what is there not to like? well, the script is no more computer-literate than most films (that is, hardly at all) even though it captures the feel of late '60s 'big iron' business computing quite well. also there are a couple of small plot glitches that you're not likely to notice until the second or third viewing, but i consider these to be minor niggles.as i said, this is a film which is well worth seeking out, and after you've seen it once you'll want to see it again at regular intervals.

this film is one of michael keaton's best. throughout the film he is 'on'. with co-stars like ms. henner, joe piscopo and danny devito, you can't go wrong. great laughs, great fun for everyone.

although critically maligned, johnny dangerously is one of the funniest movies i've ever seen. it's a movie that should be watched closely; some of the funny bits are done in passing and do not have the usual amount of attention drawn to them. for instance, keep an eye on michael keaton's use of the pricing gun at the pet store...and also on the documentary-style years that appear at the beginning of scenes. it's one of those rare movies where the humor hits you unexpectedly, even though you know it's a comedy. amy heckerling, the director, is really sharp here--if you enjoyed her better known films (fast times at ridgemont high, clueless, european vacation, etc.,)you should give this one a look.michael keaton is extremely likable in the title role and the supporting cast (griffin dunne, maureen stapleton, joe piscopo, peter boyle) is excellent. highly recommended.

johnny dangerously falls completely in the hit or miss category with it's overblown gags and complete lack of a comprehensive script or story that makes any sense. but that's the point, right?the cast is likable; michael keaton an excellent comic performer before he took himself too seriously as the years passed. griffin dunne, peter boyle, joe piscopo, marilu henner and danny devito all perform with enthusiasm and at least get a lot of laughs from me. but the complete scene stealer here is richard dimitri (sneaking the word "iceholes" into movie history) as a mobster who fares best at murdering the english language.i associate many childhood memories with this film, as i watched it quite often so maybe i'm prone to enjoy it more than many others. johnny dangerously is at least a completely innocent gangster film spoof that even relays some well meaning messages about the dangers of smoking (and sex).i like it but it's hard to recommend.7 out of 10.

if your a fan of airplane type movies this is a must see! set in the 1920's and 30's johnny dangerously has not only great actors but great lines. "knock down dat wall,knock down dat wall and knock down dat #@$%#@$ wall." "you shouldn't hang me on a hook johnny" or "sounds like johnnys getting laid". its definitely a spoof of the old james cagney movies and references them a lot. there's a great scene when jhonnys walking down death row and has a priest set up for his escape. listen closely to the fake priests readings, its pretty funny. another great scene is when dom delauise plays the pope. watch his reaction to johnny after he tips the pope, a lot said without making a sound.i recommend this movie to all who love to laugh or are old movie buffs.

what ever happened to michael keaton? what a great actor and he proves it in this movie. this movie is actually funny! and the reason why this movie is funny is for two reasons: an excellent script and michael keaton. this movie is one of the funniest comedies in the history of hollywood. this movie is the ultimate spoof of gangster movies. in this movie, hollywood actually pokes fun at itself by using the the gangster movie genre as the basis for a truly original comedy. the rest of the cast is funny too, especially the supporting cast. if you like to laugh and want to watch a movie that contains nonstop humor, then this movie is for you.

even though this movie is quite old, no matter how many times i watch it, it still makes me laugh. one particular quote in the movie stands out. when danny( joe piscopo) pulls up to the d.a's office & parks in a disabled spot, danny's partner says " can't park here, it's for the handicapped". danny replies " i am handicapped,i'm psychotic".that is one of the many lines in the movie that no matter how many times you watch, it'll make you chuckle.johnny dangerously stands in my top 5 comedy/spoof movies of all time.as an added bonus it also includes the legendary actor peter boyle in the cast. so watch this movie & like myself & many others who have watched it, you'll be hooked.

michael keaton is "johnny dangerously" in this take-off on gangster movies done in 1984. maureen stapleton plays his sickly mother, griffin dunne is his da brother, peter boyle is his boss, and marilu henner is his girlfriend. other stars include danny devito and joe piscopo. keaton plays a pet store owner in the 1930s who catches a kid stealing a puppy and then tells him, in flashback, how he came to own the pet store. he turned to thievery at a young age to get his mother a pancreas operation ($49.95, special this week) and began working for a mob boss (boyle). johnny uses the last name "dangerously" in the mobster world.there are some hilarious scenes in this film, and stapleton is a riot as johnny's foul-mouthed mother who needs ever organ in her body replaced. peter boyle as johnny's boss gives a very funny performance, as does griffin dunne, a straight arrow da who won't "play ball" with crooked burr (danny de vito). as johnny's nemesis, joe piscopo is great. richard dimitri is a standout as moronie, who tortures the english language - but you have to hear him do it rather than read about it. what makes it funny is that he does it all with an angry face.the movie gets a little tired toward the end, but it's well worth seeing, and keaton is terrific as good boy/bad boy johnny. for some reason, this film was underrated when it was released, and like keaton's other gem, "night shift," you don't hear much about it today. with some performances and scenes that are real gems, you'll find "johnny dangerously" immensely enjoyable.

just like wine, "johnny dangerously" gets better and better with every day. this clever, witty, well-acted film could very well stand on its own - but as a parody of the gangster genre, it's truly outstanding. in fact, it's quite obviously the best film of its kind... the funniest spoof of mob movies and even the respective period - although, admittedly, this position is probably easier to achieve when its main competitors are such primitive, vulgar and dull pseudocomedies as "jane austen's mafia".

this did for crime what "not another teen movie" did for school. i laughed all the way through as 2 inept gangs warred with each other and among themselves. an unsubtle comedy using overt jokes and gags that kept me rolling all the way. i suppose the biggest gag in the entire film was that time never seemed to go forward leaving the characters trapped in the 30's.

it breaks my heart that this movie is not appreciated as it should be. its very underrated. people forgot what movies are really about, nowadays they only think about bum bum movies, which can be quite fun watching with popcorn and friends, like transformers, movies which are oriented, with hyper mega high budget like 300mln or even higher, on special effects only and which are dumb movies without storyline. its the kind of a movie what i despite most. of course it is fun watching greatly made cgis, but we do not gain anything essential from that kind of movies.i honestly think that performance was excellent. especially busy philipps, alongside with erika christensen and victor garber(whom i respect) made this movie an oscar worth. emotional performance by busy philipps was astonishing, its such a shame we wont see oscar in her hands, which she deserves.

i could not believe the low 5.6 rating on imdb about johnny dangerously at the moment i wrote this review and i thought i had to do something to promote that memorable piece of comedy as much as i can. seriously, to get a rating so low, the people who voted must have a very limited sense of humor, not to mention a very shallow opened mind. if you don't like humorous flicks, don't watch them! combining absurd humour, a very good storytelling, and an outstanding pace given by the multiple running gags, this movie has made its way into my dvd collection. and that is without mentioning the visual farces embedded here and there and of course, the use of "clin d'oeils" and "clichés" based on our favorite organized crime movies. i showed this movie to a lot of people and, being introduced to it without any specific expectations (except maybe watching a comedy)- the very state of mind you should have to watch any movie in my opinion - they all liked it very much. it goes well, it's not long to watch and there are absolutely no slowing downs in the evolution of the story, which i think is really straightforward. sure it's not perfect, some gags fall a bit short, but no movie is perfect, especially when considering other opinions that yours. that is why i rated this movie 9 out of 10. this movie is in my opinion a precursor like "top secret" and "spaceballs" in the field of absurd but well-thought comedies. which are nowadays more and more absurd while cutting down on the thought and ingeniosity side. sometimes gags need more culture than a lot of people imagine to be understood correctly, if at all. as a final word, i would like to say : watch it for yourself, do not follow average joe's saying and if you don't like it, then you'll know for real it was not good for your tastes, which is understandable but unlikely in my opinion.

"roman troy moronie" is my comment on the movie. what else is there to say?this character really brings out the moron in moronie. a tough gangster with an inability to pronounce profane words, well, it seems that it would have been frustrating to be tough and yet not be able to express oneself intelligently. roman moronie will go down in the annals of movie history as one of the greatest of all morons.there is of course great comedy among the other characters. michael keaton is f.a.h. and so is joe piscipo.i just like the fact that moronie kept the movie from an "r" rating because he could not pronounce profanity.

if this movie proves only one thing, it's that keaton is, was and always will be a comic at heart, even when dodging bullets, heading for the electric chair and getting at the wrong end of an information line in prison.but "johnny dangerously" goes on to prove even more. in the '80s, the zaz boys (zucker, abrahams, zucker) were the pinnacle in the world of genre spoofs. but there were several pretenders to the throne. this time, amy ("fast times at ridgement high") heckerling tries her hand, with an amazing amount of television writers behind the script (go and check). this slap-happy slapstick spoof of the 1930's cops-and-"gag"sters movies throws just about every cliche for a loop and even adds a few cliches that didn't exist way back when.and not only is the ever-dependable keaton on hand as the johnny of the title, but so are such funny guys and dolls as piscopo, henner, stapleton, boyle, dunne, devito, walston and just about every other actor in hollywood that happened to walk into the immediate vicinity. you'd be surprised by how many faces you'll recognize. i know i was.and the jokes? well, when they start out, they come at you fast and furious, like a machine gun. there are too many to count in the beginning, topped off with a crazy theme song by weird al yankovic. but you have to watch for when they reload. and they have to reload a little too often. everyone tries, they seem to be having fun and i was laughing a good amount of the time. in the end, though, there was plenty of time to think about how certain scenes could have been funnier - not usually the best thing to think about after watching a comedy.but for a slow night when there's nothing good on tv, pop in "johnny" and be ready for some "dangerously" serious laughter.eight stars. check out "johnny dangerously"... don't be a "bastidge".

this movie is utterly hilarious. its cast clicks immediately with frame one and takes us on a wonderful ride through spoofing gangster films. the conflict of brother vs. brother appears when johnny's brother becomes a do-gooder d.a. however, the best character is johnny's crimelord rival, the overly accented moroni. as johnny says "that man should be arrested for butchering the english language."check it out on video. it's worth a look.

this movie is just a lot of fun. i've seen it a couple of times, but it always has something funny that i remember. the "duckies and bunnies" car scene is one of my favorites, and i still quote morone's versions of certain words!there are so many running jokes, that it's amazing. but i love michael keaton anyhow!

all of those who voted less than 5 are obviously not fans of clean, tongue-in-cheek humor. keaton is brilliant in this - as in most of his work. this is not a blockbuster, bigger-than-life affair. this is campy, slapstick humor played out by some of hollywood's best (and very versatile) actors. piscopo was equally on the mark as the top dog wannabee, once.if you want to see the funniest attempt at not really cussing ever filmed, you gotta see dimitri do his piece as morone.i gave it a 7.

sure it may not be a classic but it's one full of classic lines. one of the few movies my friends and i quote from all the time and this is fifteen years later (maybe it was on cinemax one too many times!) michael keaton is actually the worst actor in this movie--he can't seem to figure out how to play it-- but he's surrounded by a fantastic cast who know exactly how to play this spoof. looking for a movie to cheer you up? this is it but rent it with friends--it'll make it even better.

"johnny dangerously" is a sort of hit and miss comedy that has it's laughs and "huh?". but i suggest to give it a chance. i think it is greatly over looked. not too many people give this movie a chance. it does work. just think of it as a little parody of "goodfellas". michael keaton is very funny in his role. and he does it well. johnny dangerously is a gangster who wants to go higher in life. he just works his way up from the big bosses to a beautiful wife. and of course like a lot of the mob movies, someone wants him dead. 90% of the jokes get a laugh. like, i said give it a chance. just take your favortie gangster movies and mix a comedy in. you have "johnny dangerously". 7/10

yes, keaton looks like he really did enjoy making this film. with a skip in his step in his tailored pin-striped suits, he'll remind you of jimmy cagney! johnny (keaton) is the young hood who only does it to pay for his mother's high-priced medical bills & to send his younger brother (griffin dunne) to law school. no one even knows johnny kelly is johnny dangerously until later on in the film. joe piscopo is vermin & doesn't like johnny one bit (& i don't like vermin). marilu henner has a nice singing/dancing routine while johnny revels in it. i love the part when they're in the ever-changing getaway car! the cop who's "calling all cars" is the skipper from gilligan's island! see this one for 1930's gangster laughs! the gags in this film are hilarious but you have to catch them or you'll miss them! look in the background of every scene.

okay - i'll confess. this is the movie that made me love what michael keaton could do. he does a beautiful parody of someone doing a parody of james cagney, with charm to spare.the supporting cast are solid workers all, and will step right up and do a fine job in this '80s comedy. a spoof of the '30s-'40s gangster movies, it breaks new ground constantly, with remarkably original material. (well, yeah - some of it has been copied since - but when this movie was made, it was original, and much of it has _not_ been copied elsewhere.) watch joe piscopo warn people to not do ______, with one of the great taglines of spoofs. watch roman moronie do things with english profanity that would make your spinster grammar teacher laugh. watch amazing sight gags, such as pet-store owner johnny kelly using the price-tag gun on his puppies and dusting his kittens. watch the greatest "warning against sex" educational film ever made. watch the most amazing misrepresentation of church latin done, while a guy who never took shop class assembles a thompson machine gun from parts. watch lines you'll be using in casual conversation for the next decade. watch maureen stapleton do the perfect antithesis to the hard-working mom, with surprise gags that you'll never see coming.if you see a gag that doesn't hit your funny bone, be patient - another will come along in 30 seconds or less, and the odds are, you'll need to pause until you're done rolling on the floor several times. duckies and bunnies? them, too. watch for the subtle stuff - some of the sight gags can go by unnoticed the first few viewings.there are a few minor flaws - but it's probably the best of the spoofs. some come close, but none of them are quite this good.

as far as parody films go, there are few that are worth time and energy. but with a recent resurgence of horrid parodies such as date movie and the comebacks, it is a breath of fresh air to come back and rediscover a truly funny farce like johnny dangerously.after his mother has no end of medical problems, little johnny goes to work for the mob. what fallows is a series of gags, most of which work, there are, however, the occasional flops. but a foreign gangster who can't master the american language (profanity wise, at least), a rival gangster with a penchant for shooting his mouth off (...once!), a younger brother with the d.a. who is out to get johhny dangerously, and a hot young starlet hot for his affections have johnny busy.and the viewer will be busy laughing, for the most part, as every gangster-movie cliché is skewered by a talented cast and decent writing.not perfect by a long shot, but definitely good for a smile on a bad day.

oh, what fun there is here! amy heckerling has a flair for directing comedy (fast times at ridgemont high, look who's talking) but here it looks like she told the actors to go out and have fun. micheal keaton breezes through the role of johnny, easily his best screen performance. joe piscopo is great as the appropriately named danny vermin, what a shame directors didn't pick up on this. and i have even mentioned richard dimitri playing moronie and the character's unique vocabulary. i don't think it's an accident that the bulk of the character's name is spelled moron.good lines are sprinkled throughout the movie, with peter boyle, griffit dunne.maurren stapleton, merilu henner given good lines. even actors with minor roles like dick butkus and alan hale get in a good lines.recommend it to a friend.

the jokes are obvious, the gags are corny, and the characters are walking characatures - but i couldn't stop from laughing at his highly entertaining movie. no matter how many times i see it, i still get a kick out of this one, and i recommend it highly for all lovers of mindless entertainment. it contains many quotable moments, and some of the best sight-gags i've seen to this day. if you've had a bad week and you need a chuckle, rent this one on your way home friday night to give your weekend a good start.

one the whole, this movie isn't perfect. it doesn't 'hang well' together as the story line is basically a bunch of hooks to hang jokes.some of these jokes are a little 'too 80s' and tend to date the picture.but some of these jokes are classic.you know a movie has something special when you and your friends still reference silly quotes from it over 2 decades later.plus, there are a bunch of familiar faces; michael keaton, danny devito, joe piscapo, peter boyle, marilu henner, maureen stapleton, bob eubanks, griffin dunne, and one of the last roles of alan hale jr., the skipper from gilligan's island.also, there are some great absurdist moments, like when johnny is labelling the puppies with a pricing gun, or the pope making an appearance in johnny's neighborhood. also, the scene where the fake priest makes up a lot of words in latin is excellent. ("summa cum laude, magna cum laude, the radio's too louda... post meridian, ante meridian, uncle meridian").other classic scenes include ramone maroney butchering the english language danny devito urging griffin dunne to 'play ball' peter boyle thinking he lost his manhood the fake vd moviethis movie is no home run. but like 'porky's', it has enough classic comedy bits to make it memorable.

famous words of foreign nightclub owner roman maroni, that "lousy cork sucker" who spends the whole movie not only as johnny dangerously's rival, but butchering the english language as well.another underrated classic that you can only find on afternoon matinées or "late late late show"'s, johnny dangerously is a terrific satirical hit about a good hearted boy who secretly leads a life of crime to help pay for his mother's medical care and put his brother through law school.yes there's a story, but who cares?? a cast that includes joe piscopo, dom deluise, marilu henner, and alan hale jr will keep you waiting to see what happens next.there's too many laughs in this to put on here. like airplane, you have to pay attention or you'll miss something. highly recommended to anyone who can use a good laugh or two!!!

for a movie that gets no respect there sure are a lot of memorable quotes listed for this gem. imagine a movie where joe piscopo is actually funny! maureen stapleton is a scene stealer. the moroni character is an absolute scream. watch for alan "the skipper" hale jr. as a police sgt.

this movie is just too funny, a totally non-pc gangster romp. if mel brooks made a picture about the mob in the 30's, it would probably look like this. too many great one-liners to to remember, and while its not for everyone, anyone who doesnt laugh a whole bunch of times doesnt have a pulse. so, put it on and laugh you iceholes!!!

how can anyone not love this movie ? i think it's a hilarious spoof of all the old gangster movies; if you've never seen them, watch this instead. michael keaton has a ball in this role as anything goes. one guy mangles the english language everytime he talks and griffin dunn plays a clueless d.a., but my favorite role has got to be joe piscopo. he has all the best lines. danny devito, alan hale, ray walston are in this star-studded movie that lampoons gangsters a lot funnier than "mafia" did for the criminal underground.

i'm from belgium and therefore my english writing is rather poor, sorry for that...this is one of those little known movies that plays only once on tv and than seems to vanishes into thin air. i was browsing through my old vhs video collection and came across this title, i looked it up and it had an imdb score of more than 7/10, that's pretty decent.i must admit that it's a very well put together movie and that's why i'm puzzled. this is the only film made by this director...? how come he didn't make lots of films after this rather good one...? someone with so much potential should be forced to make another movie, ha ha ;-) anyway, i really would like to see that he pulls his act together and makes another good movie like this one, please.....?

if you "get it", it's magnificent.if you don't, it's decent.please understand that "getting it" does not necessarily mean you've gone through a school shooting. there is so much more to this movie that, at times, the school shooting becomes insignificant.above all, it's a movie about acceptance, both superficially--of a traumatic event, but also of people who are different for whatever reason.it's also a movie about unendurable pain, and how different people endure it. in this case, the contrast between alicia's rage and deanna's obsession creates an atmosphere of such palpable anxiety that halfway through the movie we wonder how the director could possibly pull a happy ending out of his hat. thankfully, the audience is given credit for being human beings; our intelligence is not insulted by a sappy, implausibly moralistic ending.above and beyond that, i try to keep a clear head about movies being fiction and all that. yet i must admit, i cried like a lost little baby during this movie. there were certain things about it that hit *very* close to home and opened up some old wounds that never quite healed. but that is not necessarily a bad thing.

most movies about, or set in, new orleans, turn out to be laughably bad, and laughably inaccurate (examble: remember "the savage bees"? but i'll make an exception for "tightrope", which almost got it right).here's one that doesn't inevitably get it wrong. the accents are not too bad (yes, the "yat" accent down here is way more brooklynese than southern), the city of 1950 is shown the way it is/was, without the obligatory "tourist" shots, and they understand a good drama without trying to make everyone a "quirky southerner". one of the few films to do justice to this city, and a good film to boot..

this very good movie crackles with tension. the stakes are, of course, high--will the police and widmark, the public health doctor, apprehend the criminals who don't know that they are carrying plague before a full-scale epidemic breaks out? but smaller plot elements introduce tension in every scene--between widmark and the police captain, between the bad guys played by palance and mostel, between palance and a dying plague-stricken man whom palance mistakenly believes is the subject of a manhunt because he has smuggled in some valuable commodity, between widmark and his wife, and with the underlying question of whether the public is better served by informing them of the danger or hiding the situation to avoid a full-scale panic. the movie is beautifully shot by kazan, in extraordinarily well-choreographed long takes shot on location in new orleans, and ends in a stunning climax, where palance flees like a rat from his pursuers, through the docks and warehouses of the city. the commentary is superb, probably the best that i've heard, covering the cinematography, the framing and lighting of shots, the production design, the casting of non-professional actors in small roles, and the ironies and parallelisms in the plot, like an insightful seminar on 1950s film techniques and film noir generally. watch it once to enjoy the film on its own, and, if you are interested in film-making, a second time with the commentary on to learn.

this film has, over the past ten years, become one of my favorite pseudo noir experiences. the three storyline threads given us by kazan each have their unique and separate pleasures. the domestic chitchat between bel geddes and widmark, the movement between rooms, the small gestures such as the phone book barbara places on the chair under her son so he can reach the table, those small intimate exchanges between husband and wife, all are well crafted and natural. more than anything else, i love their porch, that second living room where it is clear they spend much of their summer time. the second thread is the professional relationship between many in the film but especially between widmark and douglas' characters. it may not be totally original and does get a bit blustery but all in all, it comes across as real, respectful and efficient. the third thread,the grungy tale of blackie and his tattered little gang, gets us closest to a dark and frightening noir world.palance's blackie is as cold as a block of ice. this self-proclaimed business man, this self made man clearly has a complexity we only briefly tap in to. for me, this film continues to be a completely satisfying experience.

one of america's most brilliant film directors was without question elia kazan. his directorial genius was not particularly suited to taut thrillers, since kazan needed more room to breathe and to be slower and more subtle. however, 'panic in the streets' is a first-rate social thriller and is if anything more relevant to today than it was to 1950 when it was released. the themes of illegal immigrants, people-smuggling, imminent plagues, rapid transmission around the world of diseases (a worried richard widmark says: 'i could be in any american city in ten hours and in africa tomorrow.'), ethnic isolation and ghettoism are today's concerns more than ever. this film features a spectacular film debut by jack palance, and a wonderful performance by barbara bel geddes, two casting strokes of genius. richard widmark is allowed not to be a psychopath for once, and is a deeply caring, warmly loving, intense hero of the people. he leads basically a one-man campaign to stop an epidemic of pneumonic plague in new orleans, struggling to convince sluggish politicians and complacent policemen that there is a problem. there is a race against time to find the small-time crooks who have contracted the plague from a dead illegal immigrant within 48 hours, before the whole city, and as they are always reminding us, the whole country, are endangered with the worst thing since the 1919 flu. one amazing scene where jack palance, who is infected, is prevented from climbing aboard a ship by a rat-barrier on the rope is ironic in the extreme, reminding us in the most gruesome terms that humans can be the worst carriers and vermin of all. the highly dramatic chase scenes in what they call 'the coffee factory' at the wharfs rivals the most inventive climax scenes of hitchcock, and with just as spectacular a setting. many non-professionals appear in the film, which has the gritty realism of, well, something called reality. kazan really takes the cameras into places where even people rarely went, and where even rats would have thought twice. this film was a major feat of social realism. if it lacks the electricity of the most highly charged thrillers, it is because kazan took it so seriously that he could not hype it up, for after all, the threat of plague is serious enough to scare anybody without the need for extra guns and molls. the only unfortunate thing about the film is the title, which gives a false suggestion of superficiality. but kazan was anything but superficial. he clearly considered this project a public duty, to alert us to genuine possibilities. if only those possibilities had diminished today, but alas, they are getting worse every day. one day, after a worldwide plague, this film may be shown to a few survivors as an example of how an outbreak was contained on film, but its lessons were forgotten.

the title overstates the content of this movie somewhat, which might lead to some unrealized expectations. frankly speaking, there's very little "panic in the streets" to be seen here. in fact, throughout the movie very few people actually know that there's a murderer on the loose who may well be spreading the plague to everyone and anyone he encounters. having said that, what we do have here is a very well done story with a level of suspense that starts out reasonably high anyway (because, unlike the people "in the streets", the viewer knows what's going on) and that director elia kazan builds very deliberately. as the plague-infected killer is sought, one of the more interesting sidebars i found was the developing relationship between dr. reed (richard widmark) and police captain warren (paul douglas). at the beginning, the two really don't like each other, even though they have to work together. by the end, they've forged a real bond of respect for each other. kazan did a good job with that.pretty much all the performances here were excellent. widmark and douglas were great, and i was quite taken with a very early look at jack palance playing what would become his typical "heavy" role. i found very little to criticize here. perhaps barbara bel geddes came across as a little bit flat as reed's wife nancy, but her role wasn't really central to the story. all in all, an excellent piece of work. 9/10

a small pleasure in life is walking down the old movies aisle at the rental store, and picking stuff just because i haven't seen it. a large pleasure is occasionally taking that movie home and finding a small treasure like this playing on my screen.long before elia kazan turned himself into a brand cranking out only notable movies (not good ones), he made this better than average drama. watching it you begin to notice how many decent, good or nicely observed scenes have accumulated. contrast that with his later films where the drama is writ large... preferably large, and unsubtle, and scandalous. kazan was eventually more of a calculating promoter than a director. (um. no thanks) his future excesses are hinted at here only in the plot. the plague is coming! but here's an atypical richard widmark playing a family man in 1951 and avoiding most of the excesses of that trope; here's an almost watchable barabra bel geddes, with her bathos turned way down (well, for her); they're a couple and they share some nicely-written scenes about big crises and smaller ones. here's an expertly directed comic interrogation with a chatty ships-crew; here's a beautiful moment as a chase begins at an angular warehouse and a flock of birds shoots overhead punctuating the moment. these are the small-scale successes a movie can offer in which a viewer can actually recognize life; something hollywood, in its greed, now studiously avoids. these are the moments that make me go to the movies and enjoy them. it's a personable, human-scaled film, not the grotesque, overscaled production that he and others (david lean) will later popularize, whose legacy is still felt in crap as varied as pirates of the caribean and moulin rouge.i just watched it twice and i'll be damned if i could tell you what jack palance is seeking in the final scenes, but it doesn't seem that important to me as a viewer. this reminds me of both no way out a poitier noir with widmark as the villain, and naked city, which you should really get your hands on.

and a rather unexpected plot line too-for the era: there is plague in the city of new orleans-and only richard widmark can stop it! elia kazan's trademark subjects: waterfronts, working men, crowds, fugitives, blue collar folk, violence on a backstreet-are all showcased here.jack palance is quite effective as the ice-cold mobster out for a big score, zero mostel as dom delouise somewhat miscast but certainly watchable as his go-fer. i enjoyed barbara bel geddes as the stalwart, cool wife-i thought she and widmark were a believable couple.he himself always reminds me somewhat of sinatra-in the face and in the intense quiet manner-and that is meant as a compliment if anything. i'd never even heard of this movie, and yes, you have to admire widmark's performance. i also enjoyed paul douglas-he seemed to play this role many times, they make an unlikely but effective team.the plague itself is a mcguffin-and you gotta know it's not exactly done the way it would have been in real life-rather small-scale at the least no?-but i found it carried the plot along nicely.check this out. it's good. *** outta ****

plague replaces femme fatale in this highly suspenseful noir shot in new orleans by director elia kazan. kazan as always gets fine performances from his actors but also shows a visual flair for claustrophobic suspense with a combination of tight compositions and stunning single shot chase scenes. a man entering the country illegally is killed after a card game. it turns out he has a form of bubonic plague so it remains crucial not only to arrest the killers but to find an inoculate all those who have had contact. city and health officials implement a plan of secrecy rather than alert the community for fear the culprits will flee the city and spread the disease. a detective and an epidemiologist up against the clock form an uneasy alliance as they comb the waterfront employing their contrasting investigatory styles. streets raises a huge ethical question about the publics right to know as the medical officer argues for a media blackout thus possibly creating a greater risk to the community. regardless of outcome, you still may find yourself second guessing the actions of the the film's protagonist. richard widmark as dr.clint reed and paul douglas as detective warren display short tempers and grudging respect for each other in their search for the killers. barbera bel geddis as reed's wife has some good moments with widmark in some domestic scenes that bring the right touch of (restful more than comic) relief from the tensions of the desperate search amid the grim environs of the new orleans waterfront impressively lensed by cinematographer joe mcdonald. zero mostel as a small time criminal is slimy and reprehensible but at times sympathetic. walter jack palance as the skeletal blackie (black death?) is simply outstanding. with riveting intensity palance dominates every scene he is in not only with ample threat but disturbing charm as well. in addition he displays a formidable athleticism that allows for a more suspenseful continuity, especially in the film's powerful final allegorical moments. panic in the streets is probably kazan's best non-brando film. it's tension filled, suspensefully well paced and edited. it's ambient on locale setting lends a sense of heightened reality that allows kazan the flexibility to display his visual style beyond the movie stage and with panic he succeeds with aplomb.

'panic in the streets (1950)' owes more to british noir that its american counterparts. like reed's 'the third man (1949)' and dassin's 'night and the city (1950),' director elia kazan chose to film largely on location, capturing the fresh and vibrant decadence of the new orleans slums. in a decision borrowed from the masters of italian neorealism, he also hired many non-professional actors for minor roles, lending an air of authenticity to the cityscape. however, any further comparisons with neorealism would be misguided, for 'panic in the streets' is pure melodrama, of the best kind. a murdered illegal immigrant, fished out of the bay, is found to be infected with pneumonic plague, a deadly air-borne mutation of bubonic plague, which is transmitted from human-to-human and, untreated, has a mortality rate that approaches 100%. clinton reed (richard widmark), an officer with the u.s. public health service, convinces the doubtful police-chief (paul douglas) to undertake a city-wide manhunt for the men responsible for the homicide, lest they also be infected with the illness.in my younger years, i found wolfgang petersen's 'outbreak (1995)' to be among the most horrifying movies i'd ever seen. that thriller, which owes plenty to 'panic in the streets' {working title: "outbreak"}, terrified me so efficiently because it depicted the ebola virus as both an invisible and invincible killer – how does one defend themselves against such a thing? kazan's film is the first (that i know of) to approach the subject of biological epidemics, though it has difficulty ascribing visual recognition to an enemy that is basically undetectable to the human eye; it instead uses jack palance as a human personification of the plague. despite his venturing out among the filthy dregs of human society, you never get the sense that clinton reed is placing his own life at risk {some viewers have noted that reed never inoculated himself against the plague, though i think it's safe to assume that he did so at the same time as the morgue staff}. nevertheless, there's still a strong sense of urgency in the hunt for the infected man's killers, underground street-rats who pollute the sewers with their misdeeds.in medieval times, when the black death (now widely believed to have been bubonic plague) swept across the civilised world, killing a third of europe's population, many identified the destruction as being the work of the devil. jack palance's character, blackie, serves effectively as satan in human form: the angular-jawed thug can occasionally be charming and charismatic, but is always liable to explode into fits of violence; his two hoodlums (played by guy thomajan and zero mostel), through terror more than anything else, are constantly grovelling at his feet. when one lackey falls ill with fever, blackie deduces that the man's immigrant cousin must have "brought something in with him" (the irony of his conclusion not passing unnoticed), and so attempts to ascertain what this presumably valuable object must be. he cradles the dying poldi in his arms, a grotesque display of faux affection that is both pathetic and unsettling. blackie/satan is finally stopped – not by the authorities, but by the burden of his own infection/evil – as he attempts to board a cargo ship, the primary vessel by which the plague spread across europe.

as the film opens, two thugs kill another thug. when the body is discovered and about to be autopsied, the doctor realizes that although the man was shot dead, he was also suffering from the pneumonic plague--a very nasty and more virulent version of the bubonic plague! so, it's a race against time to find those who came in contact with the dead man and treat them immediately, otherwise a disaster could erupt.oddly, i actually know quite a bit about the pneumonic plague, as i taught a series of lectures on it for my history classes. the film really did not do a good job of getting the facts right about the disease in that it looked little like what the people had in the movie. the biggest problem is that this illness is so incredibly grotesque that in 1950 they really wouldn't have been allowed to show it. sure, there is high fever and coughing (they got this right) but also lots of bleeding and explosive vomiting of blackened blood--along with the enormously swollen lymph nodes like you'd get with the bubonic plague--all purply and gross! i can certainly understand why they didn't go this far. also, i am sure that the federal government would have had a much, much greater involvement in controlling and treating the disease--here in the film it was handled on a very local level and everyone seemed ill-prepared and a bit dumb. no one seemed willing to believe the doctors!! as for the acting, the film had some excellent actors here. richard widmark and paul douglas are, respectively, the public health doctor and police chief. good actors but also known actors back in 1950. however, in his first film is the very menacing jack palance (still going by his original moniker, 'walter jack palance') as well as the relatively unknown (at the time) zero mostel. palance was great--very scary and very physically adept in his own stunts. mostel played a heavy typical of his early work--a greasy and cowardly sort of evil.overall, despite really not getting the details right and wrapping everything up a little too neatly, the film is very tense and has excellent acting--and is well worth seeing.

kazan's early film noir won an oscar. some of the reviews here go into extraordinary detail and length about the film and its symbolism, and rate it very highly. i can almost see where they are coming from. but i prefer to take a more toned-down approach to a long-forgotten film that appears to have been shot on practically no budget and in quasi-documentary fashion. pneumonic plague is loose in the streets of new orleans, and it is up to a military doctor (widmark) and a city detective (douglas) to apprehend the main carrier (palance). the film is moody, shot in stark black and white, and makes very good use of locations. widmark is wonderful as usual. forget the symbolism (crime equals disease, and disease equals crime) and just enjoy the chase. it is not always easy watching a film like this now that we are well into this new century, as it is of a particular style that was very short-lived (post wwii through the early 1950s) and will unlikely be of interest to the casual film watcher. for those who will be watching this for the first time, sit tight for the big chase at the end. it is something else, and frankly i don't know how they filmed some of it. i can say it probably took as long to film the finale as it did the first 90 percent of the movie.

no, not really, but this is a very good film indeed, and is sadly a forgotten gem. black and white suits the film.straight forward formula, a guy had the plague and the authorities have to track down everyone he came in contact with before they die.very well directed, and the acting is great. richard widmark as the male lead is good but is completely over shadowed in the acting stakes by paul douglas as the police captain, and jack palance (never better than this) and zero mostel as the baddies. sadly palance went on to play similar characters in some really second rate gangster or war movies.

like a streetcar named desire (also directed by gadg both on stage and screen) panic in the streets depicts a new orleans in which its major claim to fame - the birthplace of jazz - doesn't even rate a mention. it was richard widmark's seventh film and arguably went a long way to establishing him as the fine actor he really was rather than merely a psychotic killer. gadg himself appears in an uncredited small role as a morgue attendant but the film is rich in talent beginning with jack palance (still being billed as walter jack palance)as the local mr 'big' followed side-kick zero mostel, barbara bel geddes, emile meyer, tommy rettig plus the rock-solid ever reliable paul douglas as the cop who comes round to doc widmark's point of view. it's a very rewarding movie more so for being little seen. catch it if you can.

i wonder what audiences of the day thought when first laying eyes on walter jack palance (blackie). certainly he looks like no one else of the time, that skull-like face, flattened nose, and elongated body-- even now he remains an unsettling presence. and what could be more appropriate than his emergence out of those dingy new orleans slums that appear to fester like the plague blackie is loosing on the city. i'm just sorry he didn't have more scenes.the movie itself is very skillfully assembled— the morgue's black humor, the widmark- douglas interplay, the un-touristy locations, the battles among officials—all are woven into a tensely realistic thriller with a menace unlike others of the time. even widmark's domestic scenes that put a woman (bel geddes) on the marquee manage not to be too disruptive. director kazan certainly shows his aptitude for helming a studio (fox) product, no matter how he may have felt about the commercial aspect.widmark does a solid low-key job as the public health officer. but my money is on the one- and-only zero mostel. was there ever a sweatier performer who could squeal louder or get pushed around more than the bulky fall guy (e.g. the enforcer, 1950). that scene with mostel, where palance argues with mostel's shrewish wife (liswood), is a gem of frantic subservience as mostel tries to pacify each like some berserk pinball. too bad he lost so many years to the blacklist. (i wonder if it was the voluble kazan who named him.)but it's not only the professionals that add color. the locals add both character and authenticity, especially the two asian guys interviewed by the cops. that whole scene has an improvised air, as if kazan recognized their potential and fashioned a nifty little scene on the spot. then too, that colorful hiring hall with all the deck hands is pure inspiration. and what about those flea-bitten coffee shops that have me running to the nearest denny's.anyway, the movie is still a well-staged, riveting thriller with an apocalyptic air that oddly foreshadows many of today's mega-hits.

"panic in the streets" is an exciting and atmospheric thriller in which director elia kazan achieved a great sense of realism by shooting the movie in new orleans, using a number of local people to fill various roles and making intelligent use of improvisation. as a result, the characters and dialogue both seem very natural and believable. an important deadline which has to be met in order to avoid a disaster, provides the story with its great sense of urgency and pace and the problems which delay the necessary action from being taken, then increase the tension to a high level.following a dispute between the participants in a card game, a man called kochak (lewis charles) is shot and his body is dumped in the dock area. when the body is found and the coroner identifies the presence of a virus, u.s. public health official dr clinton reed (richard widmark) is called in and his examination confirms the presence of pneumonic plague. reed insists that all known contacts of the dead man must be inoculated without delay because the very infectious nature of the disease means that without such action, anyone infected could be expected to die within days.as the identity of the dead man is unknown, the task of finding his contacts is expected to be difficult and this situation is not helped when city officials and the police commissioner are not fully convinced by reed's briefing. they doubt that the threat to the public is potentially as serious as he claims it is and their initial lack of commitment is just the first of a series of obstacles which prevent action from being taken urgently. the investigation that follows is hampered by a lack of cooperation from the immigrant community, a group of seamen, the proprietor of a restaurant and also some illegal immigrants before the man's identity and his contacts are eventually found.kochak, an illegal immigrant, had been in a gang with blackie (jack palance), raymond fitch (zero mostel) and vince poldi (tommy cook) and when gang leader blackie becomes aware of the ongoing police investigation, he presumes that kochak must've smuggled something very valuable into the country. as kochak and poldi were related, blackie assumes that poldi must know something about this and goes to find out more. poldi, however, is very ill and unable to provide any information. blackie brings in his own doctor and together with fitch starts to move poldi out of his room and down some stairs and this is when they meet up with reed and an exciting chase follows.richard widmark gives a strong performance as an underpaid public official who copes efficiently with the onerous responsibilities of his job whilst also dealing with his domestic preoccupations as a family man. in an unusual type of role for him, he also portrays the determined and serious minded nature of dr reed very convincingly. jack palance's film debut sees him giving an impressive performance as a ruthless thug who misjudges kochak's reason for leaving the card game and also the reason for the intense police investigation. his distinctive looks also help to make his on-screen presence even more compelling.in typical docu-noir style, expressionist cinematography and neo-realist influences are utilized in tandem to effectively capture the atmosphere of the locations in which the action takes place. elia kazan directs with precision throughout but also excels in the memorable chase sequence in the warehouse and on the dockside.

a doctor and a policeman in new orleans have only 48 hours to locate a killer infected with pneumonic plague.an effective, and classy, little thriller directed by elia kazan that blends documentary realism with a race against time pulpy heartbeat. set and filmed in and around new orleans, panic in the streets is taken from the story quarantine, some like 'em cold by edna and edward anhalt who won an oscar for original story. it also boasts a fine ensemble cast that deliver top rate performances for their director. in turn, richard widmark {bringing the method a year before marlon did for kazan in a streetcar named desire}, paul douglas, jack palance (as walter jack palance) & the wonderfully named zero mostel, all get sweatily moody as the pursuers chase the pursued to halt the onset of a potential black death epidemic.where the film scores its main suspense points is with kazan's astute ability to cut back and forth between the protagonists without altering the flow and mood of the piece. from widmark's public health doctor, with hypodermic needle in hand, running around trying to locate the bad guys so he can do good; to the bad guys themselves who are bemused as to why there is such a wide scale hunt for them; the tension is stacked up to fever breaking point. to which thankfully the final thirty minutes becomes a cracking piece of cinema. with palance excelling as a nasty villain that ironically puts one in mind of widmark's own tommy udo from kiss of death three years prior.it's an imaginative and intelligently written story, one that cunningly links rats and criminals to being carriers of disease. a blight on society as it were. it's noirish elements, such as paranoia, blend nicely with its basic procedural thriller being. while some memorable scenes are suitably cloaked by the stifling atmosphere that kazan has created. although some of the early character psychologizing threatens to steer the film down some over talky based alleyway, this definitely is a film worth staying with to the end. not essential film-noir, and maybe not even essential kazan, but certainly a highly recommended film that begs to be discovered by a new generation of film lovers and reappraised by the old guard who may have missed it back in the day. 7.5/10

a neat 'race against time' premise - a murdered john doe is found to have pneumonic plague, so while the health authority and nopd battle everybody and each other trying to find his waterfront contacts, the murderers think the heat is because the victim's infected cousin is holding out on them. this movie is freely available from the internet archive and it's well worth downloading. a lot (all?) of this movie was filmed in genuine new orleans locations, which makes it interesting to look at for what is now period detail, though to me it does look under-exposed, even for noir - maybe mobile lighting rigs then weren't what they are. there is also a plenty of location background noise, which is slightly distracting - car horns in the love scene, anyone? there are a lot of non-professional supporting artists in crowd scenes, and this may explain why the pacing of the film is slightly saggy to begin with - not much chance for retakes or recasting, though the final chase is worth hanging on for. there's not much wrong with the lead actors either: jack palance is genuinely scary as a charismatic, intelligent psychopath - the later scene as he alternately comforts and threatens the sick cousin is terrific, while widmark, as he often did, pitches the righteous anger of the man on a mission at a believable level - most of the time. somebody should remake this - no supernaturals, no mysticism, no special fx, just a good yarn full of character conflict, and a topical theme. another reviewer mentioned the writer john kennedy o'toole, and that's spot on with the number of oddball new orleans types peppering this dark, sleazy, against-the-clock drama. there's even a midget newspaper seller."community? what community? d'you think you're living in the middle ages?"

elia kazan, one of the best theater directors this country ever had, showed he was equally at home with movies. with "panic in the streets", mr. kazan gives us an early version of what would come later, with perhaps his master piece, "on the waterfront", although both movies share only the water setting, for they are different visions about different subjects.mr. kazan shot on location in new orleans. the adaptation by daniel fuchs of the edna and edward anhalt stories that are the basis of the film, is remarkable in that it takes us to places that no tourist dared to see when visiting "the big easy". one of the big assets of this film is the magnificent black and white cinematography by joseph macdonald that shows new orleans at its best. also the music by alfred newman and the song by billie holiday gives the proceedings a nice touch.this film, could have been shot in new york, or another northern big city because it presents us with characters that speak more like "broklynese" than maybe a southern accent one might hear in that part of the country.one thing comes clear in the movie, jack palance, making his screen debut, smolders the screen every time one sees him. he was so intense! at the same time, this tough guy shows a tender side of him when he goes to see his sick partner, who unknown to him, is stricken with a fatal disease. blackie, comforts this man caressing his sweaty face and running his hands through the dying man's greasy hair with abandon. notable also, was the fact that mr. palance and mr. mostel appear to have been doing their own stunts, something so refreshing because both actors make it seem real.the film also presents a normal side with the introduction of the reed family at the beginning of the film. we see a family man painting furniture with his young son. later he and the wife discuss how it appears they can't make ends meet with his salary, something that many families have to deal with on a daily basis. richard widmark, playing a normal person is not as effective as when this actor plays more cunning and intense people. barbara bel geddes, as the wife, sounds as though she's a suburban woman from connecticut.the film is enjoyable thanks to mr. kazan's direction and the excellent cast working in the movie.

just a comment on new orleans accents...an earlier reviewer noted the following: "this film, could have been shot in new york, or another northern big city because it presents us with characters that speak more like "broklynese" than maybe a southern accent one might hear in that part of the country." there was also another comment along these lines from an english reviewer.many people in new orleans do, in fact, sound "broklynese". i have never found out why. (it's mentioned in "a confederacy of dunces" by john kennedy toole.) i always appreciate movies taking place in new orleans that include this detail, as this one did. too often it's just the hollywood version of the standard southern accent.

given its time of release, the story that unravels in 1950 thriller 'panic in the streets' was hardly a surprise. the corpse of a mysterious illegal immigrant is found and passed off as a nobody until further examination from a public health inspector who claims the corpse carries a strain of bubonic plague. yet with the current drama in the world today, this strangely helps this film in appearing credible for today's viewers. the cast and crew are flawless. richard widmark in his first role following his breakthrough performance in 'night and the city,' jack palance in his chilling film debut, also starring in this film are paul douglas and a young (and rather cute) barbara bel geddes. a whole slew of uncredited, non-professional actors (typical of director kazan) fill in the remaining slots. elia kazan directs, joe macdonald films (he would later work with richard widmark again in 1953's much superior 'pickup on south street') and the great alfred newman scores it. nearly everyone involved here has done better work, 'panic in the streets' is quite the rewarding watch, nonetheless. especially for the film-noir enthusiast.

i can't really condemn the movie because it does work. there is enough film noir elements to consider it a noir movie, but i think it's only just in the category.there's nothing sinister in this piece, and that's where the noir elements fail. sure, the disease might be considered sinister, but i have a hard time seeing that. the movie hints at a darker side: blackie may be trafficking human beings, the new orleans police are only too willing to arrest a reporter, the specter of the plague hangs over all of the people in the movie... but those are really only hints.there's no attempt made to question reed's motivations, as one with do with marlowe or spade, nor is there any attempt to bring a humans side to blackie, which would make him even more contemptuous if the human trafficking was actually played out.that lack of depth is what fails the movie in the end.the story is decent, the acting is good, the writing and direction are well done... but there is nothing to make this a movie you should return to over and over. worth watching once, maybe twice if you don't remember it from years ago, and then putting away.

"panic in the streets" was a decent thriller, but i felt a bit disappointed by it. the central theme of a city being attacked by a plague in modern times is fascinating, but the film never really explores or develops it. its well made and entertaining, but its not as interesting as it should have been. the screenplay for this one is really weak and brings the whole film down. none of the central characters are really compelling or believable.fortunately, the film is very well made so it compensates for the weak scripting. the direction by elia kazan keeps the film suspenseful and moving at a lightning quick pace. there are some standout sequences, particularly the memorable chase climax. when his direction was combined with better screenplays several years later, the man could mostly do no wrong.the acting is also very good. richard widmark was always a watchable leading man and does what he can with an underwritten character. paul douglas spends his time yelling a bit too much but does a decent job as well. the standouts in the cast are the two villains. zero mostel, known primarily for his comic roles, is effectively slimy as one of cinema's ultimate toady characters. jack palance is, unsurprisingly, a chilling villain. "panic in the streets" is disappointing but still worth watching. (7/10)

when plague breaks out in new orleans, it's richard widmark to the rescue in "panic in the streets," one of the lesser-celebrated films of the great elia kazan. kazan keeps the pace brisk, and there are lots of marvelous touches - the scenes between widmark and barbara bel geddes, who plays his wife and the scene in the police station show family life and work life and the relationships of average citizens, which is in sharp contrast to the lives and relationships of the low-lifes, portrayed by a menacing jack palance, his weak yes man, zero mostel, tommy cook, and louis charles. there are also some interesting visuals - palance has a couple of scenes with actors who seem to come up to his knees in height.the acting is marvelous and the dialogue sharp if the story isn't quite up to the direction and performances. it has a few questionable aspects which will be spotted by the viewer quite easily. that aside, it's well worth viewing. kazan was a masterful director.

in panic in the streets richard widmark plays u.s. navy doctor who has his week rudely interrupted with a corpse that contains plague. as cop paul douglas properly points out the guy died from two bullets in the chest. that's not the issue here, the two of them become unwilling partners in an effort to find the killers and anyone else exposed to the disease.as was pointed out by any number of people, for some reason director elia kazan did not bother to cast the small parts with anyone that sounds like they're from louisiana. having been to new orleans where the story takes place i can personally attest to that. richard widmark and his wife barbara bel geddes can be excused because as a navy doctor he could be assigned there, but for those that are natives it doesn't work.but with plague out there and the news being kept a secret, the new orleans pd starts a dragnet of the city's underworld. the dead guy came off a ship from europe and he had underworld connections. a new orleans wise guy played by jack palance jumps to a whole bunch of erroneous conclusions and starts harassing a cousin of the dead guy who is starting to show plague symptoms. palance got rave reviews in the first film where he received notice.personally my favorite in this film is zero mostel. this happened right before mostel was blacklisted and around that time he made a specialty of playing would be tough guys who are really toadies. he plays the same kind of role in the humphrey bogart film, the enforcer. sadly i can kind of identify with mostel in that last chase scene where he and palance are being chased down by widmark, douglas, and half the new orleans police. seeing the weight challenged zero trying to keep up with palance was something else because i'm kind of in zero's league now in the heft department.kazan kept the action going at a good clip, there's very little down time in this film. if there was any less it would be an indiana jones film. panic in the streets won an oscar for best original screenplay that year.kazan also made good use of the new orleans waterfront and the french quarter. some of the same kinds of shots are later used in on the waterfront. in fact panic in the streets is about people not squealing when they really should in their own best interest. very similar again to on the waterfront.panic in the streets does everyone proud who was associated with it. now why couldn't elia kazan get some decent new orleans sounding people in the small roles.

refreshing `lost' gem! featuring effective dialog combined with excellent acting to establish the characters and involve you enough to care what happens to them. the douglas and widmark characters are realistic heroes. palance is his usual evil presence. widmark win the fisticuffs fight scene, a car chase of less than 60 seconds with a `logical' end, and a lengthy chase on foot that shames the overdone chase sequences of contemporary hollywood. you know how it will likely end, but the suspense and interest are sustained throughout. the end of the chase is one of the most realistic you will ever see. the film seems to slow a little past the middle, but stay with it for the rewarding conclusion.

"panic in the streets" is a fairly unknown little movie from director elia kazan and was made before his classic masterpieces such as "a streetcar named desire", "on the waterfront" and "east of eden". kazan already won an oscar in 1947, before this movie, so he was not a completely unknown at the time. still "panic in the streets" is mostly a movie that passed under the radar.the great thing about this movie is the oscar winning script. it has a very good concept and its excellent tense thriller material with a sniff of crime/film-noir elements. the dialog in this movie is also absolutely magnificent and gives the movie a feel of reality and credibility.the cast is fairly unknown (especially at the time it was released) but it still features zero mostel and jack palance in one of their first movie roles. especially palance impresses as the tough gangster boss, with a very powerful looking face.still the movie drags a little at some points. the movie starts of very well but after the start the movie slows down and does not always makes the right decisions in terms of pace and the point of view the story is told from.yet, "panic in the streets" remains a perfectly watchable movie, mainly due to its solid script and powerful dialog that makes the movie a believable one to watch. for fans of the thriller genre this is a great movie to watch.8/10

in new orleans, an illegal immigrant feels sick and leaves a poker game while winning the smalltime criminal blackie (walter jack palance). he is chased by blackie and his men raymond fitch (zero mostel) and poldi (guy thomajan), killed by blackie and his body is dumped in the sea. during the autopsy, the family man lieutenant commander dr. clinton reed (richard widmark) of the u.s. public health service finds that the dead man had pneumonic plague caused by rats and he needs to find who had any type of contact with the man within forty-eight hours to avoid an epidemic. the city mayor assigns the skeptical captain tom warren (paul douglas) to help dr. clint to find the killers that are infected with the plague and inoculate them."panic in the streets" discloses a simple story, but it is still effective and with a great villain. the engaging plot has not become dated after fifty-seven years. jack palance performs a despicable scum in his debut, and the camera work while he tries to escape with zero mostel is still very impressive. my vote is seven.title (brazil): "pânico nas ruas" ("panic in the streets")

when a stiff turns up with pneumonic plague (a variant of bubonic plague), u.s. public health service official dr. clinton reed (richard widmark) immediately quarantines everyone whom he knows was near the body. unfortunately, the stiff got that way by being murdered, and there's a good chance that the murderer will start spreading the plague, leading to an epidemic. enter police captain tom warren (paul douglas), who is enlisted to track down the murderer as soon as possible and avert a possible national disaster.while panic in the streets is a quality film, it suffers from being slightly unfocused and a bit too sprawling (my reason for bringing the score down to an eight). it wanders the genres from noirish gangster to medical disaster, police procedural, thriller and even romance.this is not director elia kazan's best work, but saying that is a bit disingenuous. kazan is the helmer responsible such masterpieces as a streetcar named desire (1951), on the waterfront (1954) and east of eden (1955), after all. this film predates those, but kazan has said that he was already "untethered" by the studio. taking that freedom too far may partially account for the sprawl. the film is set in new orleans, a city where kazan "used to wander around . . . night and day so i knew it well". he wanted to exploit the environment. "it's so terrific and colorful. i wanted boats, steam engines, warehouses, jazz joints--all of new orleans".kazan handles each genre of panic in the streets well, but they could be connected better. the film would have benefited by staying with just one or two of its moods. the sprawl in terms of setting would have still worked. part of the dilemma may have been caused by the fact that panic in the streets was an attempt to merge two stories by writers edna and edward anhalt, "quarantine" and "some like 'em cold".the gangster material, which ends up in firmly in thriller territory with an extended chase scene near the end of the film, is probably the highlight. not surprisingly, kazan has said that he believes the villains are "more colorful--i never had much affection for the good guys anyway. i don't like puritans". a close second is the only material that approaches the "panic" of the title--the discovery of the plague and the attempts to track down the exposed, inoculate them and contain the disease. while there is plenty of suspense during these two "moods", much of the film is also a fairly straightforward drama, with pacing more typical of that genre.the dialogue throughout is excellent. the stylistic difference to many modern films could hardly be more pronounced. it is intelligent, delivered quickly and well enunciated by each character. conflict isn't created by "dumb" decisions but smart moves; events and characters' actions are more like a chess game. when unusual stances are taken, such as reed withholding the plague from the newspapers, he gives relatively lengthy justifications for his decisions, which other characters argue over.in light of this, it's interesting that kazan believed that "propriety, religion, ethics and the middle class are all murdering us". that idea works its way into the film through the alterations to the norm, or allowances away from it, made by the protagonists. for example, head gangster blackie (jack palance in his first film role) is offered a "get out of jail free" card if he'll cooperate with combating the plague.the technical aspects of the film are fine, if nothing exceptional, but the real reasons to watch are the performances, the intriguing scenario and the well-written dialogue.

this film is actually pertinent even today given the threat of bio-terrorism, and the threats of superbugs, west nile virus, and sars. as a thriller, the tension is fairly intense. richard widmark and paul douglas are more than serviceable in their roles. the domestic scenes between widmark and his wife provide a nice interlude to the main plot. the actor in this film who most left his mark is jack palance. his sharply defined features and seemingly easygoing exterior always wither way to reveal the avaricious and cruel man beneath the surface. the chase scene through the packing plant is impressive even today. recommended, 7/10.

panic in the streets opens in high noir style, a view along a dark street followed by a camera tilt upwards to a window, behind which is playing out a sleazy card game - an opening flourish which, along with some of the location shooting, anticipates some of the atmosphere welles brought a decade later in touch of evil. one of the players throws open the window; it's an appropriate action, serving as an introduction to the events within as well as literally opening up our first view of the underworld.shot in high contrast black and white, panic in the streets benefits immensely from a strong cast as well as some fine location shooting in new orleans. scenes set in such places as the mortuary, the crowded shipping office or amidst the peeling paint of 'frank's place' offer a unique, and sometimes claustrophobic atmosphere, impossible to recreate in the studio. with these elements, kazan's film shows the influence of dassin's groundbreaking naked city of two years earlier, which established the gritty, almost documentary style within the noir cycle. in fact, widmark's previous role had been in dassin's even finer night and the city, a film in which a sense of rising panic was even more prevalent. joe macdonald, a favourite with the director, photographed panic in the streets' detailed environment. macdonald also worked on kazan's pinky and viva zapata!, and went on to shoot widmark again three years later in fuller's masterpiece pick up on south street.as others have noticed, in a manner typical of some noir films, kazan's work offers a contrast between the confusion, sickness and immorality of the streets with the modest, calm home life of the reeds. but whereas (for instance) in lang's the big heat (1953) the home life of the hero is destroyed by elements of vice surrounding the embattled central character - ultimately sending him back to work with an increased vigilance and sense of vengeance - panic in the streets places reed's rising anxiousness within the confines of what amounts to just another working 'day'. despite all the danger, ultimately he returns back to the bosom of his family justified and satisfied. the implication being that social balance has been restored, at least for the moment by his professionalism and curative skills.that imbalance of course, has been created by crime and disease. the two are closely associated in this film. it reminds one of the tagline from the much cruder cobra (1986) - where "crime is the disease. meet the cure," a neat analogy in context, if one which rings too uncomfortably of social reductionism. at its climax, as blackie attempts to flee aboard ship, the visuals specifically allude to rats as being similar to criminals, both posing a menace to society's health. as (the presumably infected) blackie prowls round the cheap rooms and the docks with his cronies, in search of something he suspects everyone is after, if without knowing exactly what it is, 'plague' and 'blackie' resonate together in the audiences mind, adding further to connected associations. ironically blackie's hunch about poldi's unfortunate cousin, that "he brought something in" of note is correct - even if, finally, its nothing he can sell or steal. blackie's logical assumption that the police would not normally bother with the murder of some anonymous illegal immigrant has a ring of truth about it, and his so confusion is understandable.dr reed, although home-loving, and on the side of society, is a true noir hero. familiar to the genre is the chief protagonist as a man who walks alone, forced to travel beyond the limits of the law. in his way, reed is forced to take morality into his own hands for the sake of society at large - a dimension of the film that is particularly apposite, given director kazan's controversial personal history. the director testified before the infamous huac, naming suspected communists and fellow travellers. his film depicts suspects being hauled in for questioning, and the manhandling of the press, on the grounds that the overriding public good justified the means. these actions perhaps echo the director's sentiments at the time, presumably accepting the mccarthyite witch hunt and the suppression of civil rights it entailed in the light of presumed communist infiltration of the entertainment industry. in these times of terrorist threats and state response, such issues as they appear in the film are strikingly modern.standout scenes in the film include a notable scene where blackie interrogates the dying poldi as to the precise nature of his cousin's presumed contraband. cat like, blackie stalks his victim across the room, eventually preying over the doomed man's sick bed, holding poldi's feverish head in his hands - a striking, evil cradling. it's a gesture emphasising the intimate nature of corruption, whether moral or physical. apparently, the actors did many or all of their own stunts, which leads to some other, very dramatic scenes at the end, as the police and health authorities close in on the villains under the wharfs. half crawling, half scrambling over the slippery timbers at the edge of the dock pool must have been an experience very uncomfortable for palance, but it is sequence that adds immensely to the immediacy of it all.occasionally less convincing elements distract the viewer. apparently dr reed is left to fight a potential national emergency little government backup. perhaps just as astonishingly, he never inoculates himself - inviting a dramatic turn which never materialises. at the end of the film, too, the potential epidemic has been halted, all contactees located, a little too neatly. but these weaknesses are more than outweighed by the other satisfactions of a film that still makes for compulsive and relevant viewing today.

my children just happened to stop at this movie the other night and as things started to play out it really piqued my interest. i had to head out for bowling league so i had them record it for me on the dvr so i could watch the rest later. well i just got done watching it and the front of my shirt must be soaked after crying buckets. it was an excellent movie even though i could almost feel the pain and anguish these girls were experiencing. and i never in a million years would have guessed the reason why alissia had gone from this beautiful girl to an anti-social goth. this was probably why my shirt was soaked because i've experienced that same pain that alissia was feeling. i too would not have sought out this movie, but i'm sure glad i saw it. very moving, very touching. great for those who love a good drama or tear-jerker.

this is what a movie should be when trying to capture the essence of that which is very surreal. it has this hazy overtone that is rarely captured on film, it feels like a dream sequence and really moves you into a dark haunting memory. the kids were extremely believable and i do expect some things to come of them in the future. very natural acting for such young ones, i don't know if bill pulled it out of them or there just that good, but no the less excellent. bill scored as far as i'm concerned and for the comment by kevnjeff about mr. paxtons bad acting, what can one do in that role. he played the part rather well in my opinion. this is coming from someone who said hamlet was good (the ethan hawke version?) wow......... do not listen to his comments. great flick to make you feel really uncomfortable, if that's what you want? cinematography gets an above the average rating also.

i rented this movie and watched it 20 times before i took it back to the store. bill paxton hired some first rate talent to make a good thriller with some interesting twists. the story is original and well written. powers booth and paxton both deliver good performances. the story is told in an interesting manner with both flashbacks 20 years back, then spots in the present, alternating back and forth. this style of storytelling makes for a good thriller that can't get dull. bill paxton, please make more horror movies, you have the talent for it!

frailty--8/10--it's non-sensical title and "bill paxton directs" headline aside, this is a pretty good old fashioned rip snorting biblical horror thriller. in the end, it may end up only being the inbred southern gothic cousin of kubrick's "the shining"---but hey, that's a pretty damn entertaining notion. it's also got a doozy of a plot twist...and a very ambiguous moral message. this is the kind of movie that years from now people will catch late at night on basic cable and scare the beejesus out of themselves watching it. too bad director bill paxton had to go hire himself to star...oh well....still a devil of a good rent.

my husband and i just got done watching this movie. i was not expecting it to be this good! i was really astonished at how great the story line was. i'm usually very good at figuring out twisty plots...but this one had me. i loved it! i'm going to have to watch it again before i take it back. i might even have to buy it. :)

i couldn't help but feel that this could have been a bigger movie than it was. the screenplay is highly intelligent and it just seemed that it could have been opened up in a way more reminiscent of seven. not by changing the story - i think mainly through the cinematography. the cinematography was the only thing that i found to be holding back the film. on the other hand, the pacing was absolutely on point. whoever worked on the editing really did their job well. and i thought bill paxton did a great job of directing. now away from the technical stuff...this movie threw me for a loop. spoiler ahead!!!! all along, i really felt that bill paxton was crazy and then when adam finally took the fbi agent to the rose garden to show him where the bodies were buried and revealed who he was, i got thrown for a loop. i had suspected the first part of the twist but what really threw me was when he touches the agent and sees the agent murder his mother and the fact that the agent too (without any words spoken, simply by touch) sees it again with adam and asks him how he knew. my dilemma was not that it was yet another twist thrown in but the almost ungraspable idea that this man and his father were not crazy but actually picked out 'bad guys' so to speak, knowing their sins and crimes already. i don't endorse an eye for an eye so i didn't leave the film being able to believe that they were doing god's work. instead i chose to believe that they were both clairvoyant and that the father had gone off the deep end one day from it and through the things that he subjected his sons to, disturbed them permanently also. that was my interpretation but the vexing thing about the film was it's like a house of cards and a never-ending circle and what is the correct interpretation of the disturbing events you've sat through. it's definitely one of those movies where i'd love to be able to meet the writer so i could just ask him what the real meaning was to it all. were they crazy and psychotic? were they simply telepathic and took license because of it? or did they have some sort of appearance from god? and if so, was it god or the devil disguising himself as god. my friends and i found ourselves talking about it all night trying to figure out what was what and what the filmmakers had thought was the answer when they made this movie.a definitely perplexing and thought invoking film with some very disturbing but certainly not sensationalistic elements to it. it's not a perfect film, but it definitely is it's own thing. great directorial work and acting by bill paxton and the child that played fenton was extremely good. i hope he doesn't end up relegated to the child actor syndrome as he seems to have a lot of promise. i gave this movie a good vote for the majority of the components that make a film, but i would have voted higher if wasn't for the feeling that something (although i can't pinpoint what) was off and if it hadn't have been, the movie would have gone to an even higher level. still, a definite recommend, especially for those that are inquisitive.

man, some of you people have got to chill. this movie was artistic genius. instead of searching for reasoning or messages to justify it in your reality, why can't you understand that it is a work of fiction? a story. entertainment, for god's sake (no pun intended). it seems to me that too many of the people on here are trying to be movie critics--and they're not doing to well. i'm so impressed by the movie and bill paxton's job at directing, that i'm going to contact him personally to tell him. ya know, if you weren't trying to analyze the heck out of the possibility of the story line, you might just enjoy the film. me and all of my friends did!

this is a great movie that everyone should see. it plays like a dean koontz book.bill paxton's performance was great in that it really seems like he believes in what he is saying and doing.i don't know why viewers have to read in some kind of advocacy for religious murder in to the film. it is fiction. the ending is surprising, but fictional. so what? i think that is what makes this movie so good. spoiler do not read further if you havent seen the movie. throughout the movie, the viewer is continually shocked at the sickness of paxton's character, the impact on the children, and the way the children handle this outrageous conduct. and then at the end, it turns out to be true. god has put him on a mission to rid the world of demons. paxton is not clairvoyant as other viewers suggest. sure, he is given info that he couldn't have known otherwise, but the movie goes further to show how god is "protecting" adam through the convenient video quality problem and the complete lack of memory of the second fbi agent. the film isn't advocating christian murder, it is merely taking the viewer on a very unexpected ride.

i gave this movie a 10 because it needed to be rewarded for its scary elements and actors and my god the enging! the thing is i don't want to tell anyone anything about the acting or story because it will ruin the movie. but i will recommend that you go straight to your nearest moviestore right now and rent it! (don't forget popcorn!)

it's really annoying when good movies like this one go unnoticed. but i'm glad i did not miss it.they should re-release it with a lot more publicity. i do not think they did anything to promote it. great work paxton.

i went into this movie perhaps a bit jaded by the hack-and-slash films rampant on the screen these days. boy, was i surprised. this little treasure was pleasantly paced with a somber, dark atmosphere. more surprising yet was the very limited amount of blood actually shown. as with most good movies, this one leaves something to the imagination, and bill paxton did a superb job at directing. scenes shot inside the car as are well done and, after watching the "anatomy of a scene" episode at the end of the video tape, it was good to see that some of the subtle, yet wonderful things i had noticed were intentional and not just an "oh, that looks good, keep it" type of direction. this is a moody movie, filled with grimness. still, for the dark subject, a considerable portion of it is filmed in daylight, even some of the more disturbing scenes. the acting is exceptional (okay, i've always been a fan of powers booth), and never goes over the top. au contraire, it is very subdued which works extremely well for this type of film. if there is any one area where this film lacks, it is in the ending, which seems just a bit too contrived, but still works on a simpler level without destroying the mood or the message of the movie. what is the message? it's something that each individual decides for themself. overall, on the 1-10 scale, this movie scores an 8 for those who like the southern gothic genre (ie: "body heat" or "midnight in the garden of good and evil"), and about a 5 for those who don't.

something surprised me about this movie - it was actually original. it was not the same old recycled crap that comes out of hollywood every month.i saw this movie on video because i did not even know about it before i saw it at my local video store. if you see this movie available - rent it - you will not regret it. the suspense builds throughout and the twist ending is excellent.

this movie is beautifully designed! there are no flaws. not in the design of the set, the lighting, the sounds, the plot. the script is an invitation to a complex game where the participants are on a simple mission.paxton is at his best in this role. his mannerisms, the infections used in the tones of his voice are without miscue. each shot meticulously done! surprises turn up one after another when the movie reaches past its first hour. this may not be the best picture of the year, but it's a gem that has been very well polished. it's not for the simple mind.

the movie "frailty" is actually more of a psychological thriller than it is a horror film. it has all the trappings of a horror film but this it is not. "frailty" is a film about perceptions of religion and realizing the differences between right and wrong.in "frailty", a middle-aged father (bill paxton) and his two sons claim to be doing the work of god. it turns out that they are a trio of notorious serial killers called "god's hands". we watch the father kill the "demons" in some rather brutal ways while convincing his sons and himself that they are doing the work god and that what they are doing is right. he claims that he received a message from an angel who gave him specific instructions to eliminate the demons living here on earth. god has given him a list of names and in return for his "services"; he and his sons will be given protection, which basically means the police will never be able to capture them. we see all of this unfold in front of us in a very disturbing manner. but what is really disturbing about it all is the effect that it has on the two sons, particularly the oldest son, adam. adam himself seriously doubts the existence of a supreme being, that is until his father and a week in the cellar changes all of that. he knows that his father has obviously lost his mind and is pretty sure the same is happening to his younger brother, fenton. fenton, the other half of this puzzle, takes everything in as if it were his own religion. he seems trapped in his father's world of god and demons. i suppose this is because he's so young and easily impressionable. but everything that happens to these three is rather convincing, in fact, too convincing. the events that occur in the film can be looked upon as a vivid hallucination that is being experienced by the three main characters. i say this because they each react to the situation in different ways and at one point in the film they each claim to see god. dad first sees the murders as his mission. his "mission" eventually consumes him and quickly turns into an obsession with eradicating demons. in fact, his hallucination is the primary one. his "orders" and the list of names he receives are all a part of this hallucination. watch the scene where dad finds the ax in a barn to figure out where i am coming from. fenton, the younger son, is easily impressed by all of this talk of demons and destruction. since he is so young, it's easy for him to fall into his father's trap. adam, on the other is very skeptical towards his father's actions. ***spoilers*** in a way, the hallucination ends when dad is killed towards the end of the movie. (i will not say how or under what circumstances). but i will say that it is not pleasant. after his death, it fast-forwards to the present day. (the story is being told through flashbacks, as seen through the eyes of the oldest son adam). in actuality, it is fenton that is telling the story, not adam as originally believed. the story is being told the way he perceived it, through his actions and his brother's actions. fenton has gone insane and is continuing what his father started by luring the fbi agent into his trap.since religion is a major theme in this movie, the film also plays on how easy it is for religion to be misinterpreted by those that do not have a full understanding of it. before dad discovered his newfound mission, he himself did not have a clear understanding of religion nor did he fully believe in a supreme being. his sons fenton and adam often sang innocent little children's church hymns but yet probably did not have a clear understanding of what the lyrics meant. after the revelation of dad's newfound mission, they both took off in separate directions - adam remained in doubt of there being a supreme being while fenton was gradually sucked into his father's madness. a very good thriller that will creep the heck out of you, do not watch it alone.

this is one of those movies that, after watching it, you will keep thinking about and coming back to even months after viewing. the acting is spectacular for starring two children (i usually hate movies with whiny kid acting). bill paxton is awesome, his directorial debut is even better than what i expected of an actor whose most memorable line is "game over, man! game over!" (from the movie "aliens").the best part about the movie is the dichotomy between those scenes where the actors play a family, and when they are doing their "work." it really makes the movie believable and memorable.keep it up, bill. i'll be waiting for more movies i"m sure to love!

frailty is a non-gory horror film that achieves its chills by following the logic and impact of a man's delusion/obsession straight into depravity. dad (we never learn his name) is a gentle man and loving father who's raising his sons alone after mom died giving birth to the youngest son, adam. the family's world flips upside down late one night when dad rushes into the boys' room and tells them god has given him a vision. and what a vision – the entire family's job is to destroy demons, who, of course, are disguised in human form.proceeding from this premise, the movie is unflinching in following it. dad kidnaps people/demons whom god has told him to destroy, binds them, lays his hand on them to see a vision of their evil, then kills them – while making his young sons watch. fenton, the older boy, is horrified, seeing only a father who's turned into a crazed murderer. adam, the younger, is uncomfortable, but trusts that dad is following god's will. eventually, dad takes his sons on missions to abduct the "demons" that god has put on dad's list, and finally, invites them to fully participate in god's mission for the family.this is not, you understand, an abusive father. he loves his children. he is only following god's instructions: "this is our job now, son. we've got to do this." when fenton, terrified and convinced his father has gone mad, says he'll report him to the police, his father explains, "if you do that, son, i'll die. the angel was clear on this." the pressure that the children are under is unbearable and tragic, and warps their entire lives.(1) the movie's structure is similar to the one used in the usual suspects: a story in flashback, told in a police station to a fbi agent. the moody lighting, the stormy weather, and the eerie calm in the present day add to the menace of the backstory. i wanted to believe the unfolding horror was just a story, until i remembered the real-life parallel of andrea yates, who believed she was possessed by satan and could save her children by drowning them. even then, i wanted to believe that i was watching a human tragedy, rather than a story of divine retribution.the movie gave me no such comfort, though, as it gave strong clues at the end about the veracity of dad's vision. and this, as much as some plot holes, posed a problem for me. regardless of the accuracy of dad's visions, regardless of the evil that his victims may have committed, where does anyone derive the authority to act as an angel of death? (1) roger ebert review, 4/12/02

mcconaughey in a horror/thriller? i had to see this. i was pleasantly surprised.the plot is told in flashback mode, and it concerns an otherwise normal and happy family of three going through a very bizarre predicament. i can't say much more without spoiling the whole movie, sorry. just know that if you decide to watch it, you'll be, in the very least, surprised.all the main players are very good. bill paxton did a great job directing those kids, and his acting is awesome. mcconaughey's acting is solid throughout and fits the bill perfectly.this movie challenges you to think. is dad crazy? is there a god? do demons exist? how far would you go to right a wrong. and what is "right" anyway? i'm still thinking.and thus i recommend "frailty". 7/10 and this is one of those movies that deserves and rewards a second, or even third viewing.

bill paxton, of aliens, near dark, and terminator fame, surprises me with his debut as director for frailty. he hits on all cylinders, but there is one implausibility near the end that involves the fbi agent (powers booth) which deducts a point from this otherwise chilling and thought provoking thriller. other than that, this movie was just fine.bill paxton plays dad. he's never given a first name, but that is not a weakness of the film. it in fact strengthens the film, allowing the viewer to see him as a sort of symbol of some kind. he has a vision one day which he says was sent from god telling him that the world is coming to an end and both he and his two sons fenton meiks(matt oleary) and adam meiks (jeremy sumpter) must fine the demons and kill them. the demons look like normal people which they kill, and this makes the viewer wonder if dad has just lost his mind, or is he really doing god's work. there are scenes that reflect both points which adds to the confusion and gives the film more suspense.the story is told in flashback by one of the sons who is now grown up (matthew mcconaughey) and is speaking with fbi agent wesley doyle (powers booth) who is very skeptical and rightfully so. after all it's not everyday that someone comes in to your office to tell you that he knows who the killer is.the film has many twists, and bill paxton directs splendidly by keeping us guessing without losing interest. the acting is incredible. the two young leads and paxton work great together, looking like a normal family even though they are all involved in murder. like i said there is the one implausibility involving powers booth's character, but it really isn't a big thing. this was an extremely well made film involving faith and family.

this could be the most underrated movie of its genre. i don't remember seeing any advertisements or commercials for this one which could be the reason why it didn't do so well at the box office. however, frailty is an excellent and a truly original horror movie. i rank it within the top 10 most favorite horror movies on my list.movie begins with snapshots of photos and news articles telling us about a killer who calls himself "god's hand". and then a man walks into a police station and tells the chief officer that he knows the killer is his brother. two of them leave together to go to a location where victims are buried which might help solve the case. during that trip, the man begins telling the story of his brother and we go back in time when the events began. fenton and adam are two young brothers living with their strict and religious father who, one day, claims that he has received a divine message from god asking him to kill the demons that appear to be regular human beings. he receives from god a list of names of demons to be destroyed and asks his sons to help him carry out this divine mission.this is an absolutely horrifying and suspenseful film that will keep you at the edge of your seat. the tension runs high, innocent people (or demons?) get killed and religious experiences are questioned. it has not one but few very intelligent twists at the end. if you like this genre, i highly recommend frailty for you. i own the dvd and it is one of my all time favorite horror-thrillers.

what a real treat and quite unexpected. this is what a real thriller movie is all about. i rushed into the video shop, grabbed a movie without reading the entire blurb on the back and hoped for the best. i was totally surprised and delighted. i really enjoyed the actors and their characters. i thought they all gave a great performance and made their characters realistic. the plot was well thought out,well written and directed. it kept you interested from start to finish and never got boring for a single minute.i highly recommend this movie for those that like thrillers, especially thrillers that are well paced and ones that keep your attention. definitely a 10 out of 10 from me.

stunning. absolutely stunning. this is a movie about two kids who's father suddenly has a vision. he claims an angel visits him, and tells him that they need to kill "demons". he gets instructions later, and they start rounding up the demons, which are, to the naked eye, ordinary people. they kill these so-called demons with an ax to the head, and chop them up, burying them in the rose-garden. their father claims he can see their sins when he touches them. the movie continues, with a twist at the end.the thing that i love about this movie, is that it perfectly captures the frailty of human perception. is their father completely mad? or, is he telling the truth? the audience is left to decide. go make the judgment for yourself, and see the movie. now.

i first saw the trailer for frailty on yahoo movies way back in the day, after hearing stephen king praise it to high heaven. not really a fan of either star, i still wanted to see it because i'm a huge thriller fan.i was not disappointed. the acting was superb, especially from the two young boys. usually i loathe child actors, but young adam and young fenton were excellent. bill paxton really did a good job of directing it too. it was beautifully shot.one must also note the plot twists. the three twists at the end hit hard and fast, and i didn't see them coming. the final twist of the film, coupled with the gravity of what had just been revealed, gives me chills to this day, even though i've re-watched the film so many times.a true gem.

matthew mcconaughey is a mysterious man waiting for agent wesley doyle (powers boothe) in his fbi office. he claims to have information about a serial killer chased by fbi. when agent doyle arrives in the office, he tells him that the serial killer is indeed his dead brother. agent doyle requests some evidence, and the man tells the story of his life, since his childhood. they were a simple family of three: his widow father meiks (bill paxton), his brother and himself. one night, his father gathers the two brothers and tells them that an angel of god had just visited him and assigned his family to destroy demons. what happens next is one of the most scary movie i have ever seen. i watched this movie four months ago on vhs, and yesterday i watched again, now on dvd. although being a low-budget movie, the screenplay is sharp, with no flaw. the cast is outstanding, but i would like to highlight the performance of matt o'leary as the young felton. it is a very difficult and complex role to be performed by a young teenager. the direction of bill paxton is remarkable. there is no explicit violence in this horror movie. a great debut behind the camera. i regret the brazilian title of this movie: 'a mão do diabo' (the devil's hand'). if at least it were 'the god's hand', it might be acceptable. but calling this movie as 'the devil's hand' is indeed ridiculous. brent hanley, the screenwriter, did not deserve such a lack of respect from the brazilian distributor. this film is highly recommended. my vote is eight.title (brazil): "a mão do diabo" ("the devil's hand")

the synopsis for this movie does a great job at explaining what to expect. it's a very good thriller. well shot. tough to believe it was bill paxton's directorial debut, though some shots do look exactly like a storyboard version. still, there are a few shots that really look good and show some real imagination on the part of paxton. it's a solid story with some great twists at the end, several of them, all believable, all fun, and best of all, obscured well enough to make them true twists. the child actors in the movie do a great, too. i'm usually wary of movies with kids in starring roles because all too often they come off as nickelodeon rejects, but both these kids do a good job.this movie is not gory. it's not very scary. but it is very, very creepy.

a very promising directorial debut for bill paxton. a very dark thriller/who-really-done-it recommended by stephen king. this is a strong, well-conceived horror tale about a devout, but demented man in thurman, texas that goes on a murdering spree after getting orders from god to eliminate demons trying to control mankind. a couple of plot twists and an eerie finale makes for your moneys worth. most of the violence you don't really see, but still enough to double up your stomach.director paxton plays the twisted man to be known as the hand of god killer. matthew mcconaughey is equally impressive as the demented man's eldest son that ends up telling this story to a dallas fbi agent(powers boothe). boothe, as always, is solid and flawless. suspenseful white knuckler! highly recommended.

bill paxton stars in and directs this highly original film. having watched the first time i was by how good it was. the reviews i had heard were ok . as a result i was expecting an average thriller at most .however because of paxtons excellent directing and acting the film is well worth watching , especially if you are a horror film fanatic.the film is also helped by the plot twists which keep coming until the closing credits . the films strongest point is the storyline which i have to say is highly original and is like i have ever seen before. well done also to the 2 young leads which perfectly convey the emotions if these confused boys. i give this film 9/10 and i highly recommend that everyone catches it.

the film is very complete in what it is, keeping one continuously interested with the flashbacks to childhood and growing up with such a bizarre father, and interspersing it with the tails of serial murder, one simply cannot go wrong. the very plot in itself, the very story and essence of the film, is entertaining. it is the sort of story that the director (bill paxton) could do so much with, and in this case, he really did do a lot with it.from beginning to end you are kept anticipating more and more about what is happening and where the film is going, and the creativity that is behind this story is first class. i felt as if this film was exquisitely done from start to finish, and one of those rare gems that seemed to be without any boring lulls -- the action flowing neatly, quickly, and tightly from one scene to the next. it demonstrates just how far people can go: so as to do such horrible things to their loved ones, and to do such acts of evil, in the name of 'god' when they are disillusioned as in this case. it also is sometimes interesting in its' twists & takes on the concept of morality as a whole.overall, this is the sort of film that one easily overlooks, but i would recommend you to not do likewise and to check this film out -- it is very much so worth your time.

there is such rubbish on the cable movie channels that i hit a gem with this one. from beginning to end it had me gripped and deserves top marks.father of two sons hears messages from "god" to kill people who he is told are 'demons'.when the opening credits showed the director as one of the cast that can often be a warning of a bad film; exceptionally it is the reverse here as the drama is non-stop from beginning to end.and there is not one moment in the movie when one is not fully enthralled as there are no unnecessary or needless sub-plots, and the script is first class. all the actors give wholly convincing performances especially the lead child actor who is exceptional. this film is at least as good as the likes of 'silence of the lambs'.

actor paxton made his directorial debut with this chilling, dark, and competently made thriller about a widowed mechanic (paxton himself) who ropes his two sons into participating in savage ax murders, claiming that the victims are not human beings at all but "demons", and that they have been selected by god to destroy these "demons". this is all told in flashback by one of the sons, now grown up (matthew mcconaughey) to skeptical fbi agent (powers boothe).hard to automatically forget this film; better than most serial killer features, it's a twisty and unsettling tale told in straightforward fashion with a bare minimum of cinema gimmicks. paxton, commendably, barely shows any blood at all until near the end. well acted by all, especially the two child actors (jeremy sumpter of the recent "peter pan" and matt o'leary of "spy kids 2" and "domestic disturbance"). the only reason i deducted any points at all is because i can understand that some people may find all of this hard to stomach. in any event, it's an atypical thriller with a decent script.8/10

this is a very dark and intriguing horror type thriller based on the idea of religious murders. the storyline centres on a deranged man who lives in texas, us who suddenly goes on a killing spree with his two young sons after being instructed by god to redeem the world of bad people.bill paxton who directs this movie plays the deranged father who is known as the hand of god killer while matthew mcconaughey plays his finest performances to date as the oldest son, fenton meiks. the film revolves around fenton who decides he can no longer hold the burden of his murderous childhood alone and uses flashbacks to hauntingly tell the story to fbi agent wesley doyle (played by powers boothe).i cannot think of many movies that literally keep the viewer chained to their seat from start to finish and this is definitely one of them. even if you want to stop watching, you wont be able to because of the sheer power of this movie.the directors have filmed this movie very well, and they help to set the plot through the good scenery. the acting in this movie is great but if there is any drawback it is that some parts are very powerful and may disturb some people.whilst the concept of this film is very dark, the young children help to portray the idea through brilliant acting. this really is a spine tingly movie and it is guaranteed to have you at the edge of your seat throughout. i would highly recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys horror, disturbing and powerful movies or anyone who just wants to see something different.8/10

i had to see this gem twice to really appreciate all of it. when a widowed father of two interrupts his two sons' sleep with a shocking revelation, they are torn between believing him and not. as the horrifying events of this tale unfold, we learn a lot about the father, about his two sons, and about their destinies. with shocking twist after shocking twist, this film never allows for a lull in the plot. bill paxton plays the father, but the most notable performances are that of his older son, fenton, played by matthew o'leary and his younger son, adam, played by jeremy sumpter. this is one of the best thrillers that i have seen in a while, and you will want to watch this a few times to appreciate every intricate aspect of the plot. i give this film a 9/10.

a well-made run-of-the-mill movie with a tragic ending. pluses: the way the story moves - begins with soorya struggling to live followed by a long flashback about why he's there. the music. a disinterested look at the life of policemen. minuses: the violence and the gore, but i guess they add to the realistic effects. still, having people's heads chopped off and sent in boxes and sacks could have been avoided.no complaints - 7/10

it has been almost 5 years since the release of this stylish action flick.i have watched this movie almost 10 times and it a great effort by gautham.from my perspective,i feel this movie is virtually flawless. surya as acp anbuchelvan-no doubt..classy.jyothika played her role as maya very well.the character suits her very well.the character that caught movie-goers attention was pandia.jeevan played the role of pandia very well.brutal and fearsome.jeevan deservedly received the best villain award in the itfa 2004.the supporting cast of daniel balaji,devadharshini and other performed well.racy screenplay,perfectly-timed dialogues and brilliant narration by gautham.the soundtrack by harris jeyaraj are all chart-busters while the bgm suits the movie very well.cinematography by r.d. rajasekhar is rich.peter hein choreographed the stunts well.anthony's editing is precise.above all,kaakha kaakha is a perfect cop film filled with right doses of action and romance.even some hollywood film cant compete with kaakha kaakha...undoubtedly.

indian cinema typifies cops of two broad categories: they are either the honest type or the bad guys. the honest guys always shout at the top of their voice and fight the system while the bad cops enjoy for most part but suffer at the end.this movie at least breaks this usual formula and gives a refreshing view of cops and their lives. the direction takes an inside look at the life of a young ambitious cop who. the music is interesting and the editing is a trend setter as far as indian cinema goes.the movie is slow at times and the dilemma which anbu faces when it comes to maya is overplayed at times. but i would still give this one 9/10 simply because it has many firsts to its credit.

this one stood out for it's originality. i'm seriously tired of seeing hindi movies that are a hotch-potch of a whole bunch of hollywood and brit movies. some flaws were inevitable, nonetheless, this movie is a must-see. surya's portrayal of the clean-cut, conscientious cop (as opposed to the pot-bellied, money-hungry ones that we normally see) was awesome. he's come a long way from his work in nerukku ner. i liked the movie so much that i had to own it. i'm not usually into the mindless violence type of movies, somehow i actually felt for each character and therefore can't really bring myself to call it 'mindless' violence. i do not appreciate the excessive melodrama and sentimental scenes that go hand in hand with most hindi and tamil movies. i absolutely loved this movie for it's lack of the same. acp anbuselvan's reaction to loosing his wife, is not overdone, is heart-wrenching and makes me want to bawl my eyes out. there are certain times when i'm watching a movie when i want to hit the ff button. plenty of times i've wanted to do that at a cinema hall. never wanted to do so when watching this movie. i'm really hoping that ghajini releases soon.

well, would firstly like to clarify that kaakha kaakha is a part of a tamil prayer and roughly translated it means "to protect". khakhee on the other hand refers to the color of the police uniform (which is khakhi!).also, the tamil film industry is rather full of purely commercial ventures , any rajnikanth or vijay movie would stand testament to that statement.now kaakha kaakha is an excellent movie with a great soundtrack. certainly very stunning in the final scene, especially love the ending (which is certainly unexpected!). the gore is rather too much at times, but certainly this is a great movie!

when ever a film is produced or directed by mel ferrer, you can bet your life any of his pictures will be seen for generation after generation. just having claudette colbert,(ellen r. ewing),"the egg & i",'47 appearing and starring in the film will make it even more of a great classic film. in this film, ellen ewing gets married and then she encounters all kinds of mental problems and even murder. the mystery gets very much involved and robert ryan,(david mclean),"battle of the bulge",'65, comes to the aid of ellen and sometimes you even wonder about david being on the up and up. as you view this picture you just about find yourself beginning to understand who is the real nutty person and all of a sudden, you begin to change your mind how the film will end. great acting by claudette colbert and robert ryan who played an entirely different role than he usually portrays on the screen. i forgot to mention that mel ferrer, was married to a great film star, audrey hepburn. great classic film, with great classic actors !

this movie was terrific and even with a less than convincing ending, it's still well worth seeing. the film begins as claudette colbert is about to marry robert ryan. when the minister asks if anyone has any objections, a guy jumps up and announces that colbert can't get married because she already is married!! colbert insists this isn't true, but when they investigate they find that the justice of the peace and many others remember her wedding and there is even a signed wedding license! slowly, it becomes apparent that claudette's mind is slipping and people around her seriously doubt her sanity. then, when the supposed first husband is murdered, all evidence and suspicion falls on colbert.the film is an exciting mystery suspense film, as what i have so far described is only the first half of the movie. what follows is amazingly intelligent and captivating. unfortunately, the conclusion, though, is a bit of a let-down, as the guiding force behind all this turns out to come "right out of left field"--and is baffling since it was so unexpected and impossible to guess based on the information given to the viewer. however, in spite of this, the film was so good, i can even excuse the limp ending. in particular, robert ryan did a great job as the "knuckle-busting" fiancé, though apart from him the other performances were also excellent.

the secret fury, in many ways a run-of-the-mill romantic suspense drama (directed by mel ferrer) boasts top-notch principals in colbert and ryan; it stays puzzling if not quite gripping until towards the end, when implausibility conquers suspension of disbelief -- as so often it does in this genre. but for some viewers the film's highlight will be the portrayal of blowsy leah by vivian vance -- the immortal ethel mertz on "i love lucy." oddly, vance had very few film roles; her true home was broadway, where (among other gigs) she understudied for ethel merman. here she contributes a winning turn as a chambermaid suborned to play a minor part in a nefarious scheme; watch her half-heartedly trying to wave away the smoke when she's puffing a furtive cigarette in the hotel's linen-storage room -- a transgression for which she ultimately pays the supreme penalty.

in the hands of lesser actors than claudette colbert and robert ryan this film could have become silly and trite. but, with these two experienced thespians leading the way, i found "silent fury" to be a most exciting and pleasurable little mystery. when their wedding is interrupted by a stranger who claims that colbert is already married, and that he was best man at that wedding, one can sense that there is some sort of plot against her at work. as colbert, ryan, and her attorney set out to disprove the strangers claim of a prior marriage, they are met at every turn by more evidence that seems to reinforce the claim that she is indeed already wed. although it's not very difficult to figure out just who the main "baddie" is, it's still lots of fun as the intensity and pace of the story increases. all in all, a good, solid mystery film with fine performances by the two leading actors and a fine supporting cast which includes the often underrated paul kelly.

i was surprised, that ''the secret fury'' was an enjoyable good film...... probably because, i didn't have any expectations for this movie..... though, the film does have it's plot holes..... i would say, that you couldn't guess who was behind the whole scheme, until the very end of the movie..... at first, i thought, it was robert ryan, using the same method, like ''gaslight'' where husband tries to drive his wife mad, but i was wrong...... the main problem, with the movie is, they drive at a whole other direction, which gave no clues at the beginning...... i thought, robert ryan & claudette colbert carried their parts well...... plus, vivian vance, a fine character actress, who steals scenes in this one...... those who like movies, that keeps you guessing, will like this one......

busy is so amazing! i just loved every word she has ever done- freaks and geeks, dawson's creek, white chicks, the smokers. after the first time i saw home room i went and got it the next day. i am a big fan of her and she has a lot of fans here in israel. if someone hasn't saw is excellent movie than don't waist more time and go see it now. i recommend to all of you to see all of her movies. i saw busy in the late night show with conan and she was so beautiful and cute i just love her! everybody who saw the movie- in home room she looks very scary but in real life she is so beautiful! you have to see all her half nude pictures for stuff magazine (maxim) she looks so good there! ~danielle~

this movie is incredible. if you have the chance, watch it. although, a warning, you'll cry your eyes out. i do, every time i see it, and i own it and have watched it many times. the performances are outstanding. it deals with darkness and pain and loss, but there is hope. this movie made me look at the world differently: vicarious experience, according to my english teacher. also, if you've seen it, note the interesting use of shadows and light. home room is a phenomenal movie, and i rate it 10/10 - for real - because of the excellent acting, amazing plot, and heart-wrenching dialogue. very tense, very moving. doesn't give all the answers, but makes many good points about humankind

i saw this important intense film tonight. its richard gere and claire's dane's most important and best work. gere deserves an oscar for his fine portrayal of a man being forced into early retirement as a sex offender registrar administrator. claire danes is riveting as the woman gere handpicks to replace him - a woman he tries to teach all he can while investigating one final case in which gere's character is convinced one of those he is charged to monitor may be holding a young girl hostage. the subject matter is shocking, sex offenders and those who monitor them, but this film will not soon be forgotten. i know i will be haunted by gere's portrayal for a very long time. not since anthony hopkins portrayal of a serial killer has a screen portrayal terrified and so engaged me. the film opens with a shocking statistic so don't miss the opening credits. intense and memorable. richard gere's finest role proving the man can act. danes can as well and both do extraordinarily well in this often challenging film.this is a gutsy film and gere gives a multi-layered deeply felt performance. just give him the oscar now...he deserves it!

its a shame she didn't get screen credit , she by far did the best job in the film has the girl on the cross , best part of the movie .she had much more impact than avril , or just about anyone else in the film . she almost made s/m look like fun ! she really was believable has the s/m model that gets scared of her situation . although they seem to really have messed up that sort of dreamy feeling of looking for the bad guy , those sets were very well built but they just sort of skimmed the surface of what was shot . this is one film were both cuts should be made available. it seems they left out a lot of what was shot , and almost all of the really dark stuff that would have made the film much more demented . its kind of like they stopped short of the mark they were going for during filming . what was shot would not have gotten a r rating probably a nc-17 or x , but that is what it would have needed to make the film they way it should have been .

since their nasty divorce from the disney company (with disney keeping the miramax brand) the weinstein company seems to specialize in above average movies which are then under-promoted and seen by few. the flock is a prime example.a story about the civil servants who have the nasty job of keeping track of registered sex offenders, this picture will tell you more about sex criminals than an entire season of law and order - svu.richard gere gives his best-ever performance as the soft-spoken agent worn-out by the task. claire danes for once has the opportunity to get into a solid role (instead of the junk she normally gets stuck in) and she makes the most of playing the novice. the cinematography, pacing, editing, all of it is first rate --- and i saw no trace of the attention-deficit-disorder camera jump-around or excess camera cuts that others complained about. the subject is handled with restraint, but it's still a tough subject and might make you sick.fifty years ago there was almost no problem with the kinds of sex crimes herein shown in abundance which will shock even the jaded. then came the supreme court decisions which simultaneously tied police hands as the "rights" of sex perverts were opened up and america was turned into a shopper's paradise for sexual perversity, both willing and unwilling. each such step was met with praise by liberals, who celebrated the warren court's ill deeds with glossy covers on time and newsweek. everyday liberals also praised the court's action and mocked those who disagree. in 2007 how many americans know that the kind of pornography that depicts savage violence and torture of young women -- can be subscribed to, and delivery of it is subsidized by the discount periodicals rate by the us post office. just one part of the problem -- a problem that can tare anyone's family to shreds.richard gere is a liberal, but he gives his best in his performance here. perhaps in his maturing age he's gained a measure of wisdom.

star rating: ***** saturday night **** friday night *** friday morning ** sunday night * monday morning a notably bad actor, getting by on his (now fading) looks rather than any strong dramatic talent, richard gere has always occupied a rather curious position in the american hollywood scene, always a sure bet in leading man roles who still holds a notable presence today. but nowadays he seems to have settled more into these sort of direct to dvd/limited release roles and as such maybe seems to be more settled in his forte now.he has to draw on some stern matter here as hardened, cynical case worker earl babbage, one such worker assigned to a few hundred sex offenders in one area of the us, who along with his new protégé allison allthrop (claire danes) must take to his latest case, delving into the abduction of a young woman while trying to forgive himself for a case he failed on ages ago.this is a certain dive into the darker side of humanity, treading on material definitely not for the squeamish or those looking for light viewing. and as such it's a pretty strong, compelling film, unflinching and not constrained by it's direct to dvd budget. the only thing really pulling it back is the overly used jittery, fast cutting camera sequences used in the more dramatic moments that look a bit corny after a while. but it's still some of the solidest material i've seen gere in, relentlessly getting darker and more over the edge as it goes on. ***

this is the first review i've wrote for imdb so bare with me, but i caught this flick on hbo and was sure glad i watched it. richard gere is great in this film as the passionate agent/detective who bends the rules to get the job done. i think the story is great, and there's never a dull scene that slows the pace of the movie down. some parts of the movie which have to do with demented sex addicts are pretty shocking, but if you've ever seen a crime film like se7en, you'll be able to stomach the scenes just fine. so all in all, if you're looking for a good detective/suspense movie, ignore the low rating this movie got on imdb and definitely watch it.

hong kong directors crossing over to hollywood to make movies is nothing new, with the temporary exodus of the likes of tsui hark, john woo, ringo lam in the 90s. from their collective output, only a few movies (or may i say just one?) made an impact at the box office. the andrew lau and alan mak partnership has been a tour de force in recent hk cinematic history, especially with their now famous infernal affairs trilogy which was remade into martin scorsese's the departed, so it's no surprise when hollywood comes knocking on the door.but without fellow collaborator mak, who usually has script/story duties, how did lau fare with writers hans bauer and craig mitchell? it's like the x-files without the x, in the way the story is crafted, the characters and the parallels drawn with the chris carter series. richard gere and claire danes pair up ala david duchovny and gillian anderson, only that they don't belong to any federal investigative agency who bear arms, but are employees of protective services, who's chief role is to ensure that sexual predators who belong to their jurisdiction, are kept safe from society when they are released from having served time. hence they are the shepherds tending to their flock, only that their flock suffer from sick sexual perversion with the propensity for violence.the parallels in characterization are so blatantly obvious, that it's just a cosmetic touch up on the outside. like fox mulder, gere's erroll babbage is a strange, lonely man, consumed by his obsession in his quest to doggedly harass his flock to tote the line. pained by a failed attempt to rescue a missing child, just like how mulder pines for his missing sister, babbage is shunned by colleagues and given the marching orders disguised as a retirement plan. he has deep disgust for the people he's monitoring, sick of their crimes and what they stand for, that he has no qualms in using unorthodox methods, short of flying off the handle while dishing out illegal, preemptive punishment. at the same time, he too has strong urges that he has to fight against, in order not to cross the line into becoming like those he loathes. as part of routine, he also scans newspapers and tabloids for clues and leads toward his objective, that of seeking closure, salvation for himself, and possessing a strong belief that the truth is still out there, and he wants to believe.danes' allison lowry on the other hand, is the ingénue brought in to replace babbage. but in the meantime while learning the ropes on the job for the next 18 days, she is required to spy on him, and to report his shenanigans, pretty much like what dana scully was tasked to do with fox mulder. as the disbeliever of pre-emptiveness and holding onto the notion that those discharged back to society have been cured of their temptations, she slowly starts to see what babbage sees, and understands that it takes a whole lot more than being just a desk and administrative job if she truly wants to help people.and it is this discovery of the world of fetishes and deviant sexual practices, that we open all our eyes to, much like how 8mm starring nicolas cage brought snuff films into the spotlight. it's a decent investigative drama with the usual red herrings, and my, are they really good ones as it made you wonder quite often if your guesses are correct, and you soon find yourself firing from the hip as you get proved incorrect at alarming frequency, though i don't credit this to a tight narrative, but more from the sprawling number of characters (watch out for avril lavigne's cameo) and sub plots. the scene in the darkened ware/shophouse was akin to se7en's david mills and william somerset when they raided john doe's apartment and find plenty of bizarreness inside, though here, given the subject nature, it wasn't lingered upon much.apparently, the flock somehow decided that enrique chediak's cinematography was good enough, despite its very strange style of having no style, utilizing almost every trick in the book to try and recreate feelings of watching another se7en, only that this was deeply steeped in tinges of brown, rather than the doom and gloom of black. it does take a little while to get used to this, and i put this effect as one which actually distracts from what is happening in the story. not a really good move though, with somewhat frequent repetition of scenes involving flashbacks.but the flock still makes decent entertainment, though x-philes out there would probably find it hard not to picture their favourite actors in the lead roles, given so much similarities in character. gere and danes do put forth some chemistry as the old fogey (heh) and his protégé, and while it's not exactly great, andrew lau did manage to pull off something enjoyable.

all i can say is, first movie this season that got my attention. i picked it because of the actors, gere and claire, and the story looked promising..i have just watched it and i can say - i'm overwhelmed. there are shocking scenes, true..but that's what makes it more realistic. we shouldn't run away from our reality, these things are happening right this moment. and there are experts who are trying to change things and make things better and who get laughed out about their commitment to the cause. actually i can't seem to feel the "hollywood touch" in the movie..and that's what makes it better. both claire and richard did a great roles, and deserve a 10 from me.

erroll works for the department of public safety and his job is to check up on sex offenders. sometimes he pushes the line at his job and beats on the sex offenders. i don't blame him but his boss is ready for him to retire so along comes allison. erroll is now training her to do his job and it's like job shadowing. allison is somewhat naive about the job in the beginning but she doesn't realize how much danger she really is and it's all erroll's fault. he starts to go to far with his obsession of finding a missing girl when his job isn't to be a police officer.it's a fairly decent movie about a crazy guy who pushes the boundaries and works outside his "scope of practice." erroll did do a good job but at the sake of the safety of allison. it has some good mystery to it too and just when i had it figured out, there was more to it.

i caught this movie late at night on cable, and i was pleasantly surprised. i can only imagine the reason this movie was not better known, is because the subject matter is very disturbing. but if you can handle the sexual abuse topic, it is a well acted, suspenseful and very interesting movie. both richard gere and claire daines are very good in it. and although the subject matter is not for the faint of heart, the movie doesn't go out of its way to be brutal either (like 8mm for instance).i highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys serial killer and suspense type movies.

the flock is unjustly maligned as a lesser "se7en" ripoff. there's really no reason to compare the two, except maybe for the similar scenery in the final showdown.now that that's out of the way i'll go into why the flock is very interesting in some respects. mostly it's a drama piece rather than a full blown thriller about a very vigilant social worker who monitors sexual offenders. at the very beginning you can clearly see his work has got the better of him. evident in two scenes where first he's interviewing an offender and slaps him around and second when a woman tries to pick him up and all he can think of are his standard questions from his questionnaire.gere is very good as errol babbage, the aforementioned social worker. his way of performing his job is not unlike that of a police officer, he carries a gun and is constantly checking newspapers and supplies law officials with information if some of his "flock" may be responsible for a sexual crime. he's also a person who's lost all happiness of living and his only relief seems to come from exacting his own vigilante justice on his flock. twice you see him smile, once when he's apologizing for treating his partner rudely and the other after he's beaten up a member of his flock.as a suspense flick, the flock isn't as successful. somewhat confusing and with some irritating plot holes but it does have a number of striking set pieces.overall the flock is a solid drama about a man performing a dehumanizing job and in the end he has to work hard to keep from being swallowed by the abyss he's surrounded himself in. the world we live in is a pretty sick place and the further one can distance himself from the worst the happier that person is. the flock gets that point across nicely.

gere and danes star as 2 workers for the department of public safety who keep track of released sex offenders. gere, who plays babbage, refers to them as his flock. gere is an over obsessed vigilante whom is on his way out. he is training, new comer allison, to take over his job. gere sees his flock as very sick, disturbed puppies. he asks them questions that are not on the list, and tries to act like the police and solve crimes. he keeps getting warned for this behavior, hence the reason he is being replaced. during his final few days on the job, a young girl goes missing, and babbage is sure it is one of his flock whom has gone astray. him and allison narrow a list down and discover some of the offenders have gone awol. so, he decides that he needs to track the missing girl down rather than help the police. that part is a little far fetched.there is some sick, twisted stuff shown in this film. like when babbage and allison go to this building where a bunch of sick people do disturbing things to each other. also, there are the people who kidnapped the girl. at the end of the film, we see what sick freaks they are. however, i wouldn't call this movie excessive because not really much is shown on film.final verdict: if you like thrillers and films about serial killers and cops chasing killers, then you will like this.

i really like richard gere...i always have and it seems as of late that his status as a hollywood star and money maker has slipped but it would appear to me that the reason is that he is taking very mature, intense roles and has been very successful at it just not financially because i have seen him in some truly great gems as of late including the hoax, the hunting party (both must see films! see my reviews) and now this the flock which apparently was meant to be a big release considering it's substantial 35 million + budget. it seems that some of the other imdb reviews are very, very harsh because i thought the film dealt with a potentially very serious social issue in a very direct, violent and disturbing way and gere just brings it all home. it's an action thriller drama that kept my glued to the television with it's story. i think part of the problem that people seem to have with it is that it hollywood-izes a very serious issue but i don't think it does it with disrespect but rather tries to take a different spin to make people aware that this exists. in fact it's much the same way that the hunting party dealt with war. hong kong director wai-keung lau did a decent job holding it together but i think the cast is what made it watchable.richard gere as you may have guessed from my previous comments is brilliant as a social worker of sorts erroll babbage who has kind of created his own style and laws when it comes to keeping track of his "flock" who are registered violent sex offenders. he holds no punches in tracking these people, following them and making absolutely sure they don't re-offend and if they do he'll be the one to identify and stop them any way he can. gere is so intense and looks drained from this job and he's become violent and angry at watching these monsters loose on the street. he is just fantastic. claire danes is also terrific as babbage's new partner and his replacement who he has to train to do his job. danes' character is far more typical social worker and is a little taken aback by babbage's style and methods but slowly realizes what he is trying to accomplish and go up against. the two of them are brilliant together and have terrific chemistry with such vastly different characters. kadee strickland plays a disturbed registered offender who appears to be torn from the headlines as she plays a character very reminiscent of karla homolka (paul bernardo's wife who is now out) for those of you who follow canadian serial killers. her character goes a little over the top but she is convincing and horrifying all at once. russell sams has a small role as strickland's new boyfriend and he would have been better probably given a bigger role. ray wise, who is a terrific character actor (check him out in dead end as well as the amazing turn as satan himself in the wb show reaper) and he gets a small but good role as the head of the public safety department and babbage's boss.the movie isn't perfect despite the terrific performances of it's lead cast. it takes liberties by really trying to make the film more entertainment than educational but it's just a different angle not unlike the nicholas cage dud 8mm. the flock takes you into the underbelly of the sex trade, kidnapping, human trafficking and more and is just really something to watch. perhaps it wasn't directed or written as well as it could have been but i am telling you that danes and gere together make this movie completely watchable and a really great thriller. it's disturbing but also something that isn't very complex and yet gere's character in many ways is intensely complex with many layers and also opens social stigma and makes you contemplate about vigilantism in many ways when you see the people gere deals with. i encourage you all to ignore poor reviews and see it for yourself because it's worth checking out!! 8.5/10

i did not have too much interest in watching the flock.andrew lau co-directed the masterpiece trilogy of infernal affairs but he had been fired from the flock and he had been replaced by an emergency director called niels mueller.i had the feeling that lau had made a good film but it had not satisfied the study,so they fired him and hired another director.this usually does not work well (let's remember the invasion).but the flock resulted to be better than what i expected.it's not a great film but it's an interesting and entertaining thriller.the character development is very well done and i could know the characters very well.also,the relationship between the two main characters is natural and credible.richard gere and claire danes bring competent performances.now,let's go to the negative points.one element which really bothered me (there was a moment in which it irritated me) was the excess of edition tricks to give the movie more "attitude" and style.that tricks feel out of place and their presence is arbitrary.plus,i think the film should have been more ambitious.in spite of that,i recommend the flock as a good thriller.it's not memorable at all,but it's entertaining.

after chicago, i was beginning to lose all respect for richard gere and then along came the flock. there's just so far a nice smile and a couple of stock facial gestures can get you, but he proved to me that he's finally gotten hold of his craft and can act with the best of them. clare danes was also super as his "trainee/replacement". some have suggested there was too much unnecessary violence, but i don't see it that way. nothing i saw detracted from the power of this film. i was really shocked i hadn't heard of it being released in theaters and came across it at blockbuster instead. really an exceptional film with just the right blend of action, suspense, thrills, and social consciousness. as good as 7even? well, maybe. and you'll see better acting out of gere than anyone's ever gotten out of pitt.

it does not seem that this movie managed to please a lot of people. first off, not many seem to have seen it in the first place (i just bumped into it by accident), and then judging by the reviews and the rating, of those that did many did not enjoy it very much.well, i did. i usually tolerate gere for his looks and his charm, and even though i did not consider him a great actor, i know he can do crazy pretty well (i liked his mr jones). but this performance is all different. he is not pretty in this one, and he is not charming. his character is completely different from anything i had seen from him up to that point---old, ugly, broken, determined. and gere, in what to me is so far his best performance ever, pulls it off beautifully. i guess it is a sign of how well an actor does his job if you cannot imagine anyone else doing it instead---think hopkins as hannibal lecter, or washington as alonzo in training day. that is how good gere was here.the rest of the cast were fine by me, too. i guess i would not have cast danes in this role, mostly because i think she is too good-looking for it. but she actually does an excellent job, holding her own with a gere in top form, which is no small feat. strickland easily delivers the best supporting act, in a part that requires a considerable range from her. i actually think she owns the key scene with gere and danes, and that is quite an achievement.so what about the rest of the movie, apart from some excellent acting? the story is perhaps not hugely surprising, some 8mm-ish aspects to it, but adding the "veteran breaks in rookie" storyline to the who-dunnit, and also (like silence of the lambs) adding a sense of urgency through trying to save the girl and the impending retirement of gere's character. all that is a backdrop to the development of the two main characters, as they help each other settle into their respective new stations in life. that's a lot to accomplish in a 100 minutes, but it is done well, and we end up caring for the characters and what happens to them.direction and photography were adequate. i could have done without the modern music-video camera movements and cutting, but then i am an old curmudgeon, and it really wasn't all that bad, in fact i think it did help with the atmosphere of the movie, which as you might have guessed, by and large isn't a happy one.worth seeing.

home room really surprised me. in comparison to other movies that were written regarding columbine high school this one is the best. home room does not show the school shooting but rather the aftermath and the effects of the community and the town. the movie focus' on two opposite characters., alecia(busy phillips) and deanna(erika christensen). alecia is an outcast who witnessed the entire shooting. she seems to show no emotion about it. deanna is a popular girl and the only surviving victim. alecia is forced to visit deanna at the hospital in order to graduate. meanwhile the police are investigating alecia as she might have known the shooting was going to happen. alecia and deanna are very different and do not get along at first. eventually they develop a mutual understanding for one another and become friends. (very much in the style of the breakfast club). home room beautifully shows the power of closeness and turmoil after a school shooting. i would recommend this film to anyone and everyone.

this is the second film i've seen of ida lupino as a director after 53's the hitch-hiker. i think this one was a better film then that one. this one has a girl who is about to get married and she is then sexually assaulted and doesn't like everyone looking and talking about her so she runs away and and is taken in by a family. i think leonard maltin's review is right only to give it 2 and 1/2 stars.

before this little black-and-whiter, the touchy topic of criminal rape never made it onto the american screen.there were lots of these topics that hollywood and the production code kept hidden until the rebellious 1960's. so it's not surprising that it would take a little independent company like ida lupino's filmmakers to raise the subject. the result is well-meaning but somewhat compromised, which is not surprising since director lupino had to work with code demands to get the movie released.interestingly, ann walton's (mala powers) main problem following the assault is not how others might see her, but how she sees herself. and it's a heavy load she's carrying. will she ever be able to relate to men again? will they look at her as "spoiled goods" (after all, this is 1950)? small wonder she runs away rather than face these anxieties at home and at work, even though family and friends are generally supportive. overall, this first part is earnest and well-done. the chase is hyped to inject some action into the plot, but then this is a movie-- notice how the incurious neighbor fails to respond to the honking horn near chase's end. had those been screams of alarm from powers instead, the neighbor's lack of response would have raised an interesting albeit complicating issue.the second half is pretty much given over to the production code in the sentimentalized person of rev. ferguson (tod andrews). it's he (to quote a phrase) who "gives her courage to face life again". there's some effort at humanizing him-- is it ann or her dilemma that he's most interested in. still, his gentle and understanding presence comes across as a little too miraculous and a little too hollywood. fortunately, the ending avoids the usual hollywood cop-out by emphasizing only the hope of a happy resolution for ann rather than its certainty. give lupino a ton of credit for dealing with the topic in the first place. given the overall results, i expect she dealt as honestly with the topic as she was allowed to. i also expect today's audiences find the treatment mildly interesting mainly because of powers' excellent performance that brings out the purely human drama. however, the film works best now as a document of its time, and what the cultural watchdogs of that day thought was appropriate for adult viewing.

ida lupino was one of the few women to break through the directorial glass ceiling in hollywood under the studio system. not surprisingly, she also tackled proto-feminist themes that, when touched at all, were approached in so gingerly a manner that it was seldom quite clear what was being talked about. in outrage, she treats rape and its aftermath, and though throughout the short movie it's referred to as `criminal assault,' she leaves, for once, no doubt about what happened.mala powers (in her official debut) plays a secretary-bookkeeper at a big industrial plant; she lives with her parents but is engaged to a swell guy (robert clarke), who just got a raise and now makes $90 a week. leaving the plant after working late one night, she finds herself being stalked. in the ensuing scene – the best in the movie – she tries to escape her pursuer in a forbidding maze of buildings and alleys but fails.when she returns home, disheveled and in shock, the police can't get much out of her; she claims she never saw her attacker (who manned a snack truck outside the factory). trying to pretend that nothing happened, she returns to her job but falls apart, thinking that everybody is staring at her, judging her. she goes into a fugue state, running away to los angeles on a bus but stumbling off at a rest stop. waking up in a strange ranch house, she learns that she's been rescued by tod andrews, a young minister in a california agricultural town. she lies about her identity and takes a job packing oranges. the two fall vaguely in love, but it's clear to andrews that powers is keeping dire secrets. when, at a company picnic, she seizes a wrench and cracks the skull of jerry paris, who was trying to steal a kiss, the truth about her past comes out....it was a courageous movie to come out in 1950, and that may explain and excuse some of its shortcomings. lupino never recaptures the verve of the early assault scene, and the movie wanders off into the bucolic and sentimental, ending up talky and didactic. yes, lupino had important information to impart, but she didn't trust the narrative to speak for itself. her cast, pleasant but bland and generic, weren't much help, either, reverting to melodramatic postures or homespun reassurance. but outrage was a breakthrough, blazing a trail for later discourse on what the crime of rape really is, and what it really means to its victims.

forget that this is a "b" movie. forget that it is in many ways outdated. instead give writer-director ida lupino much deserved credit for addressing a subject which at the time (1950) was taboo in hollywood. to my knowledge, this was the first film to address the subject of rape and the emotional and mental effects that that crime has upon its victims.although much of the cast's acting is pedestrian at best, mala powers, who at the time was eighteen or nineteen, gives an excellent performance throughout as the traumatized young woman, ann, who tries to run away from her "shame." based on her work in this film, i'm surprised that she did not have a more successful acting career. tod andrews, too, has some fine moments as the minister who reaches out to help her.ms lupino, obviously working on a limited budget, was still able to create some memorable scenes such as the pursuit through the streets and alleys leading to the rape, and the police lineup following it. and, she created a bittersweet ending which left me wondering if ann really could ever have a normal life again.

i'm still new to the krimi genre and the only one i've seen prior to seeing this one was the earlier and somewhat disappointing 'the dead eyes of london', which didn't exactly inspire a great hope for the rest of the genre in me. if i'd seen this one first, however, the feeling would have been different as while the college girl murders is a bizarre and rather wacky attempt at a crime flick; it's great fun to watch and it's really hard to hate a film that throws so many weird and wonderful ideas into the script and manages to pull it off with style. the film begins in a lab where a crazy scientist has invented a new and highly toxic poison that kills its victim and makes it look like they died from a heart attack. this poison is used by a mysterious criminal mastermind who breaks common criminals out of jail to carry out his murders using this poison (and then has them put back in jail). as the title suggests, it's a nearby college full of girls that provides most of the victims. there's also a mysterious monk dressed in a red robe who marauds around breaking necks with a bullwhip.of course, with a plot like that; this is not exactly a serious affair and the director clearly knows that as there is a very tongue-in-cheek vibe to the film, which does bode well with the plot. the fact that there are so many different sides to the plot does unfortunately mean that everything does not run smoothly; although this isn't a big problem as things are kept ticking over nicely throughout the film and there's always enough going on to keep the audience interested. the atmosphere is superb and the colour scheme on display is great too look at. of course, the film is based on an edgar wallace novel and clearly the man has a great imagination; the locations used are also superb and while a killer's lair decked out with a host of wild and exotic animals might not serve any relevance to the plot, it does help to give the film that extra 'something'. you cant expect a conclusion that fully makes sense after all the stuff that goes on in this film; but the reason for the murders sort of makes sense and is a satisfying way for the film to climax. overall, college girl murders is an excellent little mystery flick and one that comes highly recommended!

prussic gas, a murderer donning a red clansman suit and hood wielding a white whip, and the murders of college school girls at the hands of paid convicts enlisted by a mysterious mastermind who keeps his face hidden within an office containing aquariums of turtles and fish. the inspectors at scotland yard, higgins(ijoachim fuchsberger)and his superior sir john(siegfried schürenberg)certainly have their hands full with this case. it all seems to center around student ann portland(uschi glas), who, when she turns 21, is to inherit a great deal of wealth. the girls who are targeted share a room with ann, but the reason for their murders remains a mystery sy's finest must figure out. the staff of the girls' dormitory all seem to be hiding something and certain members of the faculty are falling prey to the killer in the red monk robe disguise, talented enough to precisely strangle the necks of those attacked with the whip. two prisoners are commissioned by a mystery man to use the newly created toxic gas created by a scientist murdered at the beginning of the film during what was supposed to be a monetary exchange for his creation. it's a clever scheme where a driver, greaves(günter meisner)meets the convicts(..who hide in a barrel)who are assisted by a corrupt prison guard. taken blindfolded to the secret room of the mastermind, he gives them orders on who to kill and how. uncovering this operation is a top priority for higgins and sir john for it will lead them to the truth they seek in regards to the murders and why they are happening. under suspicion are girls' dormitory headmistress, her author brother, a sweaty, incredibly nervous chemistry teacher, a snooping gardener, and the bannister. some are red herrings until they are disposed of, throwing the viewer for a loop each time until the real mastermind is discovered. the ending features multiple twists. out of the krimi films i've seen, the college girl murders is the closest to a giallo with it's colorful killer, a convoluted plot yielding lots of surprises and potential suspects, & sordid shenanigans between adults and the college girls at the dormitory. i think you can also see the influence of james bond on this particular krimi film with the villain mastermind's secret hideout with an alligator pit(..which isn't used), the fake bible/water pistol, when opened, fires the gas into the face of startled victims, the greaves' royles royce which has latches that cause flaps to darken the windows without revealing the passenger in the back seat, and the peep holes used to spy on the girls in their rooms and while swimming. many might consider sir john a liability due to his bumbling, buffoonish behavior and how he often undermines higgins' abilities to get at the truth(..perhaps poking fun at know-it-all british inspectors who harm a case more than solve it)..i felt he was used as comedy relief, particularly with his attempts at psychoanalyzing suspects and potential victims, often misunderstanding what are told to him. higgins, using the skills adopted over his years as an investigator, instead follows the clues/facts, often avoiding sir john as much as possible. capable direction by the reliable alfred vohrer who keeps the pace humming at a nice speed, and the screenplay is full of interesting characters and lurid content..the fact that so many of the adults surrounding the dormitory are suspect, any of them might be the one wielding the whip or calling the shots behind those murdered girls' executions. i'd say this may be one of the best(..if not the best)examples of the krimi genre, for it keeps you guessing, always one more ace up it's sleeve..the revelations unearthed at the very end are quite eye-opening(..and, you even get a literal unmasking of the real mastermind pulling the strings to top it all off).

"the college girl murders" is my first acquaintance with the writing work of edgar wallace – and generally my first real acquaintance with "krimi" films in general – and i can say that i'm moderately impressed. this stuff is really entertaining, although i never would have expected it to be so … goofy! the film has an exhilarating and nicely convoluted plot, with a healthy dose of humor, flamboyant twists and pretty inventive killings. there's some james bond type of evil mastermind – who always sits in the shadow and in front of a large monitor - recruiting prisoners to kill certain girls at a specific college with a new type of poison. there's also a villainous monk with a whip, dressed like a communist kkk member, getting rid of the leftover characters, like overly curious teachers and such, as well as a kooky police commissioner who persists on solving the case with a psychological approach. seriously, if i had known sooner that these krimi films were so colorful and crazy, i would have purchased a whole collection of them already. the pretzel plot actually raises more questions than it answers in the end, and the overload of comical gimmicks on the account of scotland yard inspector higgins are sometimes a bit much to swallow, but i don't care because it was sublime entertainment. even the funky 60's soundtrack remained stuck in my head for a long time. it's like a variant on the italian giallo, but with slapstick elements.

this is an interesting little flick made in 1967, with cool jazzy twangy soundtrack music and a plot that will make you laugh...ok, it's not really stupid but it's cheesy fun. i saw many similarities between this and 'creature with the blue hand' (aka the bloody dead) and they do have the same director! scotland yard's finest is investigating the murders of young ladies at a college. seems that criminals are being let loose from a local prison to do the bidding of some evil person and then returned when their work is done. there's a nifty device hidden inside a bible that squirts prussic acid, and there's another device that is neither nifty nor clandestine, it looks like a large squirt gun and the victim must be pretty near soaked before they expire. joachim fuchsberger plays an inspector and he mostly chews gum and looks off into the distance. there's a "monk", and how anyone identifies this thing as a "monk" is beyond me, it carries a whip and dresses in a red outfit with a red hood, more of a klan member of a different color than a monk. there's all kinds of nifty devices like a fireplace hearth that goes up and down to admit the monk, and it steps right over the fire without setting his robe alight, a nifty trick right there. this is an odd combo of crime drama with goofy overtones, and while it's rather silly at times it is fun to watch. 7 out of 10, not bad....

there's a lot going on in the college girl murders. a mad scientist creates an almost undetectable poisonous gas. before he can reap the rewards of his discovery, the scientist is killed by a hooded, whip-welding monk. after a co-ed is killed in a church by the gas, scotland yard is called in to investigate, but the killing continues. who can stop this mad killer who seems to be able to come and go as he pleases in and out of the college? what works: - the killer. what's not to like about a killer who sneaks around wearing a vivid red kkk looking outfit, complete with red gloves. the white whip he carries and uses very effectively stands out nicely against the bright red gown. although the idea of a killer in a flaming red, pointy-head outfit sneaking around a girl's school is fairly far-fetched, it's one of the more sinister looking costumes i've seen.- groovy 60s music. i really would like to track down the title music to the college girl murders. it's got a jazzy, hip, 60s feel to it that i just loved.- bizarre touches. beyond the killer's red gown and hood, the movie features a sliding fireplace, a pit of alligators with a cage handing overhead, poison spraying bibles, a strategically placed mannequin, mini-skirts, go-go boots, and mile high hair. i would describe it as a cross between the 60s batman tv show and an italian giallo. the college girl murders is a real treat for the eye.- the end. let's just say that there are more twists than a mountain road. just when you think the killer has been uncovered, here comes a twist…..and another….and another…and another.what doesn't work: - chief inspector sir john. i know the guy was meant to be comic relief, but his buffoonish character has way too much screen time.- why have alligators? previously, i mentioned the alligators in the pit. and while they are a nice touch, they serve very little purpose. why go through all the trouble and not use them? - plodding plot. some of the college girl murders has no flow or rhythm to it. there are far too many moments throughout the movie when things come inexplicably to a screeching halt. better pacing would have made this a much more enjoyable movie.i haven't seen many of these german krimis but of the few i have seen (phantom of soho, strangler of blackmoor castle, dead eyes of london) this may be my favorite. this one has a real funky feel to it that i really go into. had the plot flowed a little better, i could have easily given the college girl murders a 7/10.

this is probably the fastest-paced and most action-packed of the german edgar wallace "krimi" series, a cross between the dr. mabuse films of yore and 60's pop thrillers like batman and the man from uncle. it reintroduces the outrageous villain from an earlier film who dons a stylish monk's habit and breaks the necks of victims with the curl of a deadly whip. set at a posh girls' school filled with lecherous middle-aged professors, and with the cops fondling their hot-to-trot secretaries at every opportunity, it certainly is a throwback to those wonderfully politically-incorrect times. there's a definite link to a later wallace-based film, the excellent giallo "whatever happened to solange?", which also concerns female students being corrupted by (and corrupting?) their elders. quite appropriate to the monk theme, the master-mind villain uses booby-trapped bibles here to deal some of the death blows, and also maintains a reptile-replete dungeon to amuse his captive audiences. alfred vohrer was always the most playful and visually flamboyant of the series directors, and here the lurid colour cinematography is the real star of the show. the monk appears in a raving scarlet cowl and robe, tastefully setting off the lustrous white whip, while appearing against purplish-night backgrounds. there's also a voyeur-friendly turquoise swimming pool which looks great both as a glowing milieu for the nubile students and as a shadowy backdrop for one of the murder scenes. the trademark "kicker" of hiding the "ende" card somewhere in the set of the last scene is also quite memorable here. and there's a fine brassy and twangy score for retro-music fans.fans of the series will definitely miss the flippant eddie arent character in these later films. instead, the chief inspector sir john takes on the role of buffoon, convinced that he has mastered criminal psychology after taking a few night courses. unfortunately, klaus kinski had also gone on to bigger and better things. the krimis had lost some of their offbeat subversive charm by this point, and now worked on a much more blatant pop-culture level, which will make this one quite accessible to uninitiated viewers.

home room deals with a columbine-like high-school shooting but rather than hashing over the occurrence itself the film portrays the aftermath and what happened to the survivors, their trauma, guilt and denial.*spoilers* the shooting itself is treated as a foregone conclusion, with no action footage other than the reaction of an almost teenage swat commando after shooting the high school killer. the film has three protagonists; the detective investigating the crime of which no guilty parties are left to convict and two teenage girls surviving the incident, played by a very young erika christensen and busy philipps.the two girls having nothing in common besides the shooting are put together because of it and the drama ensues.erika christensen, though only 24 has been around the block so much that film viewers are pretty much acquainted with her solid and reliable style of acting. busy philipps, three years older than christensen and altogether unknown to me, blew me away with her overwhelming dramatic strength and screen presence. this girl was the part.it's a great movie and it connects to you with its intimate focus on the fragile yet growing relationship between the two traumatized girls. gus van sant's elephant (2003) though good, seems almost superficial and paltry compared to home room when it comes to dramatic flair and acting. what i can see this film got very little screen time and exposure - so much more a loss for an equally traumatized america.ten out of ten

at first i wasn't sure if i wanted to watch this movie when it came up on my guide so i looked it up on imdb and thought the cover looked pretty cool so i thought i would give it a try expecting a movie like elephant.once i got past the fact that i am supposed to dislike the alicia character played excellently by busy phillips, i realized what a good job this movie was doing toward setting up the relationship between alicia and deanna. alicia is so mean to deanna played by erika christensen almost throughout the entire movie but we eventually find out that they despite being polar opposites they have one thing in common besides being present at the shooting. they share loneliness and to what extent is revealed as the film progresses.i've just got to say how much i loved this movie and was glad to see all of the positive comments about it. i couldn't even get through elephant because it just seemed to be exploiting the columbine tragedy. this movie on the other hand was compelling and realistic. busy phillips acting is off the chain!!! that is a good thing and i would love to see her progress into some more mature roles.

this was stupid funny movie.. cheech and chong are the dopiest wasted guys ever... i rate this film a 7.. but if you like this one then go see jay and silentbob! there funnier and crazier. now cheech is a sellout working on kids movies..... wheres chong?

spoilersa buddy of mine said next movie was the best cheech & chong flick and went out of his way to have me borrow it and the blues brothers. next movie has no plot, has no pacing, really has no anything of what defines a movie ... but it is funny. and for what it is worth, cheech and chong show some heart.well, in this little paragraph i put in the plot, but being that four-fifths of the movie, nothing happens that would usually start a story. i will just say that cheech 's cousin shows up.was there no other funnier moment when chong made cheech drink the pee twice? what about the rooster? was that pee-wee herman's first movie appearance? you would have to watch the movie yourself to enjoy it. i don't think next movie has strong enough balls to make it awesome, but the movie has heart and hey, my buddy let me borrow it so it gets a 7.

ok, needless to say, this film is only going to appeal to a certain audience; namely stoners and like-minded people.that being said, if you are one of these aformentioned people, this film is a must. in fact, i think it should be mandatory for head shops to sell a copy of it to anyone purchasing their first bong. what monty python's holy grail is to geeks and nerds, so is this movie to potheads. i first saw this film 10 years ago or so, and i still crack up every time i watch it. the jokes perfectly lampoon the pothead lifestyle, far better than latter day knockoffs like half-baked attempt to.there isn't a plot, so to speak; the film is more of a collection of various skits; as the films protagonists wander around los angeles in their legendary haze. despite this, the film has an excellent sense of pace, and doesn't drag at all. many people cite up in smoke as c&c's best work, but i would have to say that next movie is superior.so if you're in the mood for an hour and half of belly laughs, light up, tune in, and let your mind float away =)oh, and free tommy chong!

this has the funnist jokes out of all the cheech & chong flicks. it's the first one i saw with these guys. i found it to be really good. my dad actually recommended me to get it. what a great role model, and my grandma actually bought it for me, knowing what it was like. what a family i have. well this movie is pretty good and great to rent when you want to see a good classic. i must warn you though, this isn't gut-busting funny. it has its moments but not as funny as there's something about mary. check it out anyway. i'm sure you'll laugh. unless your an anti-drug activist or something.

the opening sequence alone is worth the cost of admission, as cheech and chong drag that big ol garbage can across the parking lot, filled with gas. "don't spill it man !", hilarious stuff. and then, as 'the plot' ensues, you're in for one heck of a ride. i watched this film recently and it holds up, being just as funny upon each viewing. check it out.

the best cheech & chong movie so far!! of all the cheech and chong this is most certain the best so far. i think i've seen them all about twelve times at least, and i love them all. but this is most definitely the best. compared with the others this one covers a lot of themes and gives you a lot of good laughs. part of the texts are still part of our language today, after 25 years. i hope that one day they can make another one, because they still are great comedians. i heard they are writing a new script so who knows... i guess these guys are the only ones who succeeded in making decent movies in this genre. i wonder if john ashcroft ever watched one of them...

i'm a fan of c&c, going back to their records, and liked this movie, but at one point in the mid-1980's on cable television in san jose california, it was aired with an alternate plot line that destroyed the entire point of the movie. all references to marijuana were replaced with "diamonds". the bag that "red" drops to chong has diamonds in it instead of marijuana, but the conversation still remains the same ("...it's worth ~$3000/lb"). there is also a subplot in which clips of aliens on a ship were added observing c&c, and talking to each other about getting the diamonds. at the end, instead of "space coke", it's something else. i'm not sure who created this version, but it was horrible, and obvious that they were attempting to make it family/child friendly. it would have been better if that network had not aired it at all.

this movie is fun to watch , doesnt have much of a plot (well, there isn't a plot), but there are good jokes and situations that you will laugh at. the basic storyline is cheech is trying to have a nice date, while chong is partying with cheech's cousin (they smoke dope , go in a music store, a massage parlor, a comedy club, and even go into someones house they don't even know! rated r

and i'll tell you why: whoever decided to edit this movie to make it suitable for television was very ill-advised. everything concerning drugs is cut out and covered up!!! how do they do it, you might ask? well, they don't do it very well, that's for sure. anyway, instead of the marijuana which cheech and chong are supposed to have in their possession, they are said to have diamonds! still, the characters go around in a haze of marijuana smoke stoning others along their way with no explanation whatsoever!

a typical romp through cheech and chong's reality which includes drugs, singing, more drugs, cars and driving, even more drugs, pee wee, aliens, gasoline, laundry, stand up comedy, surprisingly more drugs and space coke !!. it is not as coherent or plausible as up in smoke but it still is incredibly funny, without becoming as strange as nice dreams. there are some classic scenes, which include the opening scene where they get some gas for their car and the drive to work. also funny is cheech's song (mexican-americans) and chong's follow up song. another notable scene is the welfare office scene with jones (human noise machine), from the police academy series, and the old laughing man. all in all, this is a great follow up to up in smoke and is quite watchable when sober or not.-celluloid rehab

cheech & chong's next movie (1980) was the second film to star to pot loving duo of cheech marin and tommy chong. the lovable burn out smokers are now roommates. they live in a condemned building looking for ways to score more smoke and just lay about all day. but cheech is the "responsible" one. he has a job and a steady girlfriend. one day, cheech wants to get his freak on so he tries to get chong out of the house. another problem arises as well, cheech's brother "red" (cheech is another role) is in town and wants to hang with him. firguring that he could kill two birds with one stone, cheech pawns chong off and red. what kind of adventures will chong and red get into? will cheech get his freak on? how long will chong go without some smoke? just watch cheech & chong's next movie to find out!!tommy chong takes over the directorial reigns for the sequel. he received some experience when he did some uncredited work on up in smoke. funny but not as good as the first film. but cheech and chong fans will enjoy it. followed by nice dreams.recommended.

this is one of the most amazing stories i have ever seen. if this film had been directed by larry clark, then this story about a school shooting probably would have been shown through the eyes of the killer and whatever led that person to go insane in the first place.instead, the plot focuses mainly on the aftermath of a school shooting, and how it effected the victims who survived.i had seen busy phillips in other films before, but her performance in this movie is by far, her best. the only other movie that i've seen with erika christensen is "swim fan" which made me almost not want to watch this film, but she turned in a very good performance herself.this is one of the few movies i have seen that was actually able to make me cry. trust me when i tell you, that doesn't happen very often.home room is a beautiful film, and that's all there is too it...

in her first nonaquatic role, esther williams plays a school teacher who's the victim of sexual assault. she gives a fine performance, proving she could be highly effective out of the swimming pool. as the detective out to solve the case, george nader gives perhaps his finest performance. and he is so handsome it hurts! john saxon is the student under suspicion, and although he gets impressive billing in the credits, it's edward andrews as his overly-protective father who is the standout.bathed in glorious technicolor, the unguarded moment is irresistible hokum and at times compelling drama.

esther williams gets her first post mgm starring role and gets offto a good start. this film is a well acted entertaining suspensewith a mature theme that would be repeated a million times morein the future - innocent girl stalked creepy woman hater. estherlooks great and if she wanted to, probably could have gone on todo more and better films but according to her autobiography, pretty much gave up working for marriage. either way she is solikable and engaging that its fun to see her in a totally different roleoutside of the 'swimming musical'. universal was fabulous formaking films with former mgm stars after that studio begandropping its biggest names as it began to slide down hill. starslike lana turner, june allyson and others got to make quality firstrate films at universal as they obviously still had drawing power atthe box office. i wish esther had made more but since she didnt, itmakes this one all the more special.

i had no problem with the film, which i thought was pretty good. it's the actual lapd crime scene video that disturbed me. i wonder if lion's gate really thought that the general viewing audience would want to see people that were brutally beaten to death and blood all over the place. sorry lion's gate, this was an incredibly bad idea!!!getting back to the film: the cast was excellent, especially val kilmer as the late john holmes. john holmes was a sleaze ,mistreats the women in his life (lisa kudrow as his wife, kate bosworth as his girlfriend),and he is hopelessly deep into drugs. his connection to eddie nash (eric bogosian)creates a spiral that resulted in the infamous wonderland murders. exactly how much was holmes involved in the murders? we may never know the entire truth to the story(nash is still alive and a free man),but the film does a pretty good job nonetheless.

no, this is not no alice fairy tale my friends! this `wonderland' fable is based on the true story of the gruesome bloody wonderland murders that occurred back in 80's california. at the center of this bloodbath was no other than `johnny wad' himself. yes, john holmes! daddy ding-dong used other shotguns than his infamous 13-inch milk machine. besides being a legendary adult film actor, holmes was as also a hardcore drug addict who befriended various hollywood junkies. val kilmer was occasionally majestic as holmes, but for once this holmes character did not milk it through completely. the film possesses a `who's who' of supporting players: josh lucas & dylan mcdermott as hollywood riffraffs , kate bosworth & lisa kudrow as the women in holmes life, and eric bogosian as a menacing tinsletown entrepreneur. these characters do play integral parts, directly or indirectly, in the `wonderland' murders. out of this support group, it was josh lucas who was the most fierce & impressive as the ardent ron launius. lucas is gradually escalating into a major hollywood player with such charismatic turns in `a beautiful mind' & `sweet home alabama'. director james cox sometime proved to be a bit of a coxsucker by displaying a vast amount of overextended scenes, just like holmes' famous organ. holmes was eventually acquitted of the `wonderland' murders. he died of complications from the aids virus. `wonderland' will keep you wondering what really happened that bloody night, and if holmes really laid out his weapon. oops! wrong holmes movie! ok! that is enough before i get `penislized' i mean penalized. bye holmies! *** average

just saying you've got a movie about john holmes is a guarantee to get some folks in front of the screen, but writer/director james cox delivers oh so much more. a "rashamon" of the sleazy hollywood set, the film splitters the july 1981 wonderland murders through a variety of angles (and film stocks), but mostly through the filter of john holmes' coked out weasel brain. in a film full of bad guys holmes is either the most vile, the most pathetic or both. several versions of the story emerge and merge as cox flashes jump cuts and twisting title cards amid effects and emoting. the dialogue is fast and naturalistic and never once rings false. while the film takes places two years after holmes had fallen out of porn and into a truly wicked drug fueled depravity, kilmer relentlessly exudes a sexuality so intense it can be measured in inches. this sexuality at its edges creates a sense of foreboding that hangs over the entire film almost as heavily as the violence at its center. those murders are teased at through the whole film though are never clearly shown, not even at the climax,though the violence of them relentlessly infuses the whole picture and much blood is splattered across walls and crime scene photos. once again val kilmer as holmes shows he can act wacko better than anyone else working. strutting, cringing, bragging or begging, kilmer is constantly in character and the character is constantly a fascinating car wreck. stand out performances beside kilmer definitely include ted levine as the lead cop in the investigation and lisa kudrow as holmes estranged wife. the trio of criminals holmes falls in with include the frighteningly high energy josh lucas, the ever interesting timothy blake nelson and an absolutely unrecognizable dylan mcdermott in a pivotal role as the teller yet another version of the murders. cox suggests that no matter how much we learn about wonderland, there is always a worse version possible, but looking through the debauchery surrounding it is much more fascinating than understanding the truth.

wonderland is the fascinating film chronicling the x-rated film star john c. holmes involvement in the brutal wonderland murders.the movie's promotion misleads one into thinking this a romanticized portrayal of the porn industry in the vein of boogie nights and that is not the case here.in fact,except for a few references made by newscasters that john holmes is a porn star and a brief montage of real-life footage of john holmes this film is strictly drama about a fallen celebrity's involvement with murder and how it happened.despite being mislead the film is actually engaging.the acting from all the cast is excellent and i'd like to say that val kilmer is amazing in his ability to get down all the mannerisms of john holmes.i was completely convinced that i was watching what john c. holmes probably looked and acted like in real life.if you are a john c. holmes fan or like stories about hollywood then i think you will enjoy watching wonderland.

kudos to director and cast for such a realistic film. the grittiness, lack of glamor and desperation drew me into the film and kept me there. i was truly impressed by how dates and information were relayed within the film; ie newspapers, letters, etc. it kept the film moving at such a fast pace i didn't feel the urge to fast forward once. personally, i thought all the principles did a tremendous job...it was great to see bosworth and kudrow in such difficult roles. it made me want to cry at times. val kilmer didn't surprise me...his performances of this nature usually leave me in awe. overall, this is a brilliant film not to be missed!

*wonderland spoilers* july 1st, 1981: five people, ron launius (josh lucas), susan launius (christina applegate), billy deverell (tim blake nelson), barbara richardson (natasha gregson wagner) and joy miller (janeane garofalo) are attacked while they're asleep and brutally hit on the head with steel pipes in their home at 8763 wonderland avenue, laurel canyon, la. only susan survives.main suspect: john holmes (val kilmer), former king of porn, owner of a 30 cm long dick, and now a hopeless addict.two investigators, luis (frankie g.) and sam nico (ted levine), are investigating on the case and try to crack it with the help of a witness that claims to know that john at the very least took part in the murders, david lind (dylan mcdermott), barbara's boyfriend, and trying to get a witness report out of dawn schiller (kate bosworth), holmes' 19-year-old girlfriend and from susan, who sadly doesn't remember anything more than shadows about the night her husband's head was bashed in and hers almost suffered the same fate, and the name of eddie nash (eric bogosian), a major drug kingpin (who is always around ladies such as barbie (paris hilton)), comes into light as a suspect planner of the wonderland massacre.but what did happen that night? and could sharon (lisa kudrow), john's wife, know something about it? 'wonderland' is a taught, intense thriller, a desperate love story and a story of a man's sad decline all in one; there is a clever use of the 'rashomon' technique (we see the events of that fateful day and night from the eyes of david, john, dawn, susan (albeit very briefly) and sharon), a nice direction and a great script, but is mostly compelling for the performances, especially kilmer's, who takes central stage with his hopeless, tormented, sometimes childish holmes, lucas', whose launius is strangely alluring, kudrow's strong sharon and bosworth's innocent dawn.wonderland: 9/10.

unfortunately, in cases such as these, there are so many conflicting stories as everyone tries to cast blame on to others that it is a near impossibility to get a clear picture of what really happened. this movie is a victim of such circumstances. the writers (too many of them) have decided to take all of the stories and give them to the audience to let them decide which version of the truth they like the best. as in the real life case, there is no clear answer, no conclusion, and the audience is left with a general felling of being unfulfilled (like coffee without the caffeine, or sex without the climax). whodunnits with no whodunnit are generally frustrating and makes you wonder why someone didn't do research before they put it out there. at least tout your movie as a fiction if that is what it amounts to (and this does).that is not to say there are not some great performances here. kilmer (as holmes) does an outstanding role bringing some humanity to what is otherwise an unsavory character. kilmer, and the real life lovers and friends who consulted on the film, let the audience see a selfish, troubled human being who, though his faults were many and large, was loved and cared for by many people (except himself). kudrow as holmes's wife, only gives a glimmer of the dramatic actress she can be, but it is very noticeable and unforgettable glimmer. bosworth's character was not as emotionally complex as she could have been and needed to show more inner conflict to give credence to what ultimately happened between dawn and holmes (she turned him in 6 months after they fled to florida). bosworth's apple-cheeked performance is at time annoying, at times touching, but shows none of the backbone the real schiller must have possessed. the other characters fade in to the woodwork which is a pity. lucas is a great performer who could have sunk his teeth in to this role had it been fleshed out for him. even dylan mcdermott was surprisingly capable in his role of drug dealing biker. the fault of this movie does not lie with this cast, but with the writing. too many cooks spoil the soup, and this kettle, filled with so much promise, ultimately leaves you hungry. the story and characters may have been less than sympathetic, but in what movie of this ilk are they not so? other movies such as 1989's drugstore cowboy starring matt dillon (who was reportedly asked to take this role and refused) worked with similar subject matter and mastered it to such a degree that you felt a kinship with the main character by the end of the movie despite what he had done. van sandt could have given james cox and his crew a few lessons. had someone bothered to try and find the truth, this would have been an intriguing story. as it is, you will find the accompanying wadd documentary more palatable (in the 2 disc dvd)and much more informative. you will realize from the dvd that holmes was not a bad guy, but not a very good one either..as are most people.

opening credits: great. music: just right for this film. cinematography: sleazy to great effect.harrowing excitement in a train-wreck sort of way. this is how out of control some lives can become. "wonderland" depicts drug-induced wildness (and its consequences) not as an aberration, but shows how it really does happen in our society. it is better than depictions of another wild group -manson's- because all manson films, books etc concentrate so much on manson's insane mind rather than the overall picture of the cheap fame and randomness that is so pervasive nowadays.if you want to see some of the best "method-acting" on film, watch kilmer in this movie. he shows how "the method" can be riveting in the right role.the filmmakers here succeed in raising "out-of-control" to the level of an art form, not just for the sake of giving us cheap thrills.

first, this is a review of the two disc set that came together with the "wonderland" dvd rental.the two movies included with the rental, "wonderland" and the johnny wadd documentary, totally obliterate the myth created by "boogie nights". that myth being that the characters involved in the adult movie trade were considerably more than slimy lowlifes that would do anything for money, basically denying that they were anything other than detestable self-centered whores. this is amazingly similar to what the book "wiseguy" and the movie "goodfellas" did to "the godfather" fable and most of the rest of the gangster romanticism lore.now, what irritated me most while watching these movies, and will probably irk anyone who saw and liked "boogie nights", is how foolish and gullible supposedly educated and sophisticated people can be. "dirk diggler" in "boogie nights" is without a doubt john holmes, who unlike "dirk diggler", had no redeeming quality. holmes was a criminal sociopath who abused anyone close to him, was totally consumed by his quest for self-gratification, and was without a doubt a key participant in the brutal murders on wonderland avenue in los angeles in 1981. the movie lays bare the big lie that "boogie nights" was, and reinforces the linda lovelace description of the cruel and pathetic business that is known as the adult film entertainment industry. this should be required viewing, both features on the "wonderland" dvd, for anyone who had any positive opinions on the story in the movie "boogie nights".

just watched this movie on dvd and thought the acting was very good, but the over all story left a lot to be desired. this movie has the same texture and look of panic in needle park or drugstore cowboy. hard to believe that human beings can live this type of lifestyle; on the underbelly of society, in which their total existence is based on hardcore drug use, crime, violence, sex, and a total lack of self-respect for anyone or anything, including themselves.val kilmore is outstanding in his role of "burnt-out" former porn star john holmes. the supporting cast is just as good. however, this is a bleak, dark, disturbing, and depressing film. the murder was brutal, but the daily lives of these people were brutal as well. unless you have an interest in these murders or were a "fan" of john holmes, this really isn't a film to see. if you want to see a docu-drama on murder, truman capote's 1960s in cold blood starring scott wilson and robert blake is much better.

i was very interested to see this movie when it first came out in the theaters, however, i wasn't able to get around to it. so, finally, it hit the shelves, and i picked it up. not knowing exactly what to expect, i plopped the dvd in the player, settled in the for an evening of murder, and pressed play. what followed was one of the more engaging flicks i've seen in the last couple years.*some spoilers*this is the story of the wonderland murders, which led to the seediest parts of la and straight to the biggest porn start of the 70's, john holmes (val kilmer).i was hooked from the beginning, and the feel of the movie held me all the way until the very bloody end. i was surprised to find that the movie focused less on the actual murders and more on the events before and the investigation after. aside from a few blood splattered walls in the beginning, and the actual showing of the murders towards the end, the movie was more or less an engaging show of great dialoge and great acting. val kilmer all but sells me as a junkie porn star, and even the "beautiful but that's it" bosworth was a joy to watch (and just for her looks, mind you)i personally felt the best aspect of the movie was, as i mentioned, its lack of outright showing the murders. it was shown in a very dark atmosphere, so you couldn't completely see the brutal bludgeoning bestowed apon the sleeping foursome. furthermore, the sound effects of said murders were more than enough to whet my appetite. they were being beating with lead pipes, there's not much more that needs to be said.my only real problem was carrie fisher's brief appearence. her portrayal of the overly-religious figure was, i think, a bit too cliche of her appearence. maybe that person was actually part of the story, maybe not, but i wasn't sold, and for some reason, fisher seemed a bit too "akward" in her portrayal.overall, an excellent movie worth the watch, even if once!***8/10***

this is the second movie based on the life and times of ultra hung porn star, john curtis estes, better known as john holmes. boogie nights is also roughly based on his life. maybe someday someone is going to do a movie on the life of tommy byron instead.the problem is, that the story is not very well told. there are many law & order episodes that have more twists and turns than wonderland, and the director never gets the criminal case going with any kind of gusto. val kilmer has two problems - he is not nearly as hung as holmes is (and no prosthesis this time around, unlike in boogie nights), and he is much better looking than mope holmes. the director does not introduce one single likable individual among the cast. the racist, immature lowlifes he hangs out with, or his wife, and the police don't get much in the way of characterization. the best part of the movie is eric bogosian telling paris hilton to "get lost". having said all that, anyone interested in the sleaziest side of the porn business in the 1980s or true crime shouldn't miss it.

the true story of a bunch of junkies robbing a not so honest businessman of drugs, jewelry, guns, and money. some would say this is the tragic tale of america in the excessive eighties where the high of the peace and free love sixties had crashed into drugs and aids. honestly, this is just regular people with no aim in life who sit around getting high and decide to rob a ruthless man. what is the second part of their master plan? once they have his stuff...they'll sit around and get high again. great plan. even if you don't know the story, there is no suspense in this movie and no surprises. the fact that cox tries to make some kind of folk heroes out of these characters, with party scenes and a montage of their loot, is weak and insulting. the story was better off with a more straight forward approach. as it is, this is just a sad story of small time drug dealers getting killed by big time drug dealers. the bigger story, in more ways than one, is john holmes. he is the center of this story anyway. this movie should have been all about him, his life. he was the one in wonderland, with the wonders about to fade away.p.s. although it isn't official, boogie nights is a better version of holmes life. it isn't entirely factual, but it's far more enjoyable.

val kilmer and dylan mcdermott are terrific. i have seen kilmer on the doors, however his interpretation of john holmes is superb. nothing compared to boogie nights which was kind of slow. wonderland is a movie which is able to show you a horrible crime story from the perspective from a guy who is just indulged in his drug vice and indolent of what ever happens around. at the same time, the john holmes character shows a very clever hustler who is able to pass through the nastiest and ugliest situations almost unharmed. the movie deserves being watched more than once. the seventies ambiance sensual and full of drugs is amazing.

some films manage to survive almost on originality alone - "wonderland" is certainly one of those films. the script manages to throw everything into a near-fever pitch, but without making it incoherent. the speed of this thriller is not to chosen to cover up a weak script, but rather to accurately reflect the drug-addled reality.as director, james cox as a very peculiar way of working his actors. most of the characters are perpetually on edge, and often because they're rather quite ugly personalities. val kilmer has described john holmes to be a hustler, able to manipulate and control. no offense to kilmer, but his version of holmes seems only able to control the drastically weak-minded. nonetheless, it's a stunning performance. comparing this to kilmer's more 'hollywood' roles like in "the saint" it seems to prove he is far more at home in gritty indie flicks.the actors are the main force holding all together. there are various little performances that stand out - especially the women. carrie fisher, kate bosworth, and lisa kudrow all have limited screen time next to their male counterparts, but they are all fantastic. aside from kilmer, ted levine and dylan mcdermott give a weird, stunning energy to their roles.i originally put off watching "wonderland" because i assumed it was a film about a porn actor, in the strictest sense. yes, the story revolves around john holmes, but it has literally nothing to do with his professional career. basically, this film is a murder mystery, and as such - it's excellent.rating: 7.5 out of 10

what do you do with a 14-inch cocked porn star who was involved in drugs and murder, and then died of aids? you make a movie, of course. the probable reason why it wasn't made earlier is the fact that eddie nash would have been in the way of its production. so it's no coincidence that the film was made just a little while after nash was sent to prison.the best thing about the movie is its quick pace. there is no time wasted on unnecessary crap. and why would it be? there is too much good material here to require dull filler scenes.the cast is good. kilmer has been mediocre in a string of movies, so here was finally a role quite suitable for him. bosworth is cute so it's irrelevant how she acts (she's solid), and mcdermott, who is otherwise quite annoying, is rather good, to a large extent because he is wearing so much facial hair that i didn't recognize him at first. (i wish they did that to cruise in every movie so i wouldn't have to watch his dumb face.) i utterly failed to recognize christina applegate, and wouldn't have known she was in it, had i not seen her name in the end-credits. kudrow is charming as ever, a bit unusual to see her in a dramatic role. (btw, "friends" is the worst tv sitcom of all time.) the only casting choices that were questionable were an early near-cameo by carrie fischer and the totally absurd inclusion of the 90s moron janeane garofalo. you thought i'd include paris hilton, too, didn't you? no, i think hilton is the ideal choice in her 10-second appearance as a dumb whore. because the film is about decadence, among other things – and about a porn actor – she fits in perfectly.

may 2004, wonderland is fairly new in the uk. brilliant film of a brutal true story. if you know la from the early 80's, you will appreciate how well it is captured. the use of the elements which make up its gritty cinematic style is original, amplifying the experience and bringing the viewer very close to actually being there. the use of a disjointed 'pulp fiction' style time line allows exploration of the uncertainty concerning what really happened, while the direction and performances of the cast command attention, especially val kilmer as john holmes; an oscar for sure if i were handing them out.

val kilmer... love or loath him, sometimes he gets under the skin of a character and pulls out a performance that makes you go 'hey! this guy is a great actor!' he did in the leather pants of jim in the doors and he's done it again in the leather underpants of john.revolving around the fall and fall of uber porn king john holmes, kilmer strutts to his knees as we unravel one of the biggest murder mysteries hollywood has never solved for over twenty years, with holmes the key suspect to a brutal manson-style slaughter.what kilmer does so effortlessly is exhude the low-life of the celebrity, the do anything to anyone craving that overwhelms anyone who had it and then lost it. go see him, you'll know what i mean.

one of the most disturbing and tragic periods in american history began. the members of the summer of love culture, at the end of the seventies and onset of the 80's, were eventually tool old for love beads and all night parties and evolved back into mainstream life, whatever that meant. for those who could not out grow their youthful and sometimes irrational exuberance, their's was the culture of wonderland. a love for drugs and a sense of entitlement coupled with a distaste for authority, values and "the establishment" is the world that the film captures. the sixties were a time of revolution and violent change that tore the american "house" apart. once the battles were over, we all had to deal with the aftermath of the carnage. the characters in the wonderland house are icons of the misfits of the seventies; part biker, part hippie, part crook, all outcast. no ideology to express, just a sense of dissatisfaction with everything and allegiance to nothing. ron, billy and david fancy themselves as some sort of robin hoods with dope. they talk of love and behave violently; they take from the rich and sell to the misbegotten; they steal from everyone.holmes and company are the end result of a strange collision of anti-matter like sex, and drugs and rock & roll, when the lab technicians get bored and move on. the film is skillfully directed and paced and captures the frenetic world of the drug fiends in their element. the fact that holmes is a porn star is almost irrelevant. that story was told in "boogie nights". this is a story of a transitional and forgettable era.

i have to say that this is one of the best movies i have ever seen! i was bored and looked through the t.v. and found "home room" and it was already in about 5 min., but i got hooked. it was so interesting and moving. it shows what can happen in anyone's life. i give it a 10, more if possible. the director/ writer and actors did an amazing job. i think teens should watch this movie and will learn from it. it was great, drama, mystery, and more. i cried for hours! i think that the director/ writer should write more movies like this one. i loved it! i didn't even know about this movie, which is sad because it was so good. i wish it could go in the movies for more people to see.

i've read many negative reviews of this movie and finally got a chance to see it on dvd. to be honest i really don't know what the problem with it is.it's a decent murder mystery thriller, shown from various points of view, from an eccentric cast of often drugged out potential killers/suspects, including the late porn king, john holmes. please read the plot synopsis for the exact details of the movie's plot - i wish to contribute more to a review than a synopsis.many reviewers went so far to give this movie their lowest rating due to violence but i really don't see it. many modern movies were worse - saving private ryan was ultimately more violent than this movie, which often relies on implied blood stains than actual brutal slayings (the murders depicted in this film were done with lead pipes, afterall).i was enthralled with both halves of the movie - the first showing john holmes as a hopeless cash hungry drug addict, and the second half showing his side as a minor conspirator in a senseless bloodbath. the movie has excellent acting, even though dylan mcdemorant looks more than a bit out of place in his biker-esque personia and goatee'ed bad boy personality.the soundtrack was also awesome - a fantastic mix of 70's b-side rock and obscure pop, spread out over a couple of hours in all the right places ala boogie nights.

john holmes is so famous, he's infamous (as the three amigos would say). this is a rashomon-like story about the events surrounding the wonderland murders of the early 1980's, in los angeles. the story is pieced together from the retelling of a few of the participants. there is story from the friend's perspective, namely david lind (played by dylan mcdermott). he is a participant in the robbery assault at eddie nash's place (eddie nash is a infamous drug dealer - and is the suppose to be the same character alfred molina played in boogie nights) and is heavily into the drug scene. there is john holmes' perspective (played by val kilmer), which makes him out to be a pawn stuck between two kings (with a severe case of cocaine cravings). there is also the patchwork recollections of john's wife (sharon - played by lisa kudrow) and his girlfriend (dawn - played by kate bosworth) that fill in the spaces between the two stories. it is basically the same time frame that we are looking at, just each character's version. the only thing that is missing is the perspective from the dead people. paul thomas anderson's boogie nights portrays john holmes as a slightly heroic character, with a tragic yet comedic karma. he is a caricature of a real person. he was more of less, a mixed up kid that got what he got through his "large" endowment. director james cox turns the comedy off and makes this episode in john's life into a nightmare for all of us watching. the details of the real life murders make this movie even more eerie.val kilmer took what he learned of jim morrison, from the doors, enhanced the performance for the salton sea, and then further enhanced that to bring us the deterioration of john holmes through cocaine. all of the actors pull off very realistic looking portrayal's of cocaine junkies. josh lucas' performance stands out as one of the best in the movie. he plays ron launius (i think this character is suppose to be the same as the thomas jane character from boogie nights). ron was the leader of the gang, loved having john holmes around as a novelty and had a cocaine craving like sharks enjoy blood. the cocaine use seems so realistic as to make one think. did they really use splenda ?? where boogie nights has a bubblegum pop feel to it (lots of color and 70's nostalgia), wonderland is dark. the action is fast and furious, with a lot of jumps. it is twitchy and grainy. there is no comedy, just a never ending pace, as if the director is trying to put us into the nervous, fast paced, edgy cocaine high to make us feel what the characters are feeling. this is a graphic movie. it has one of the most intensely violent scenes i have ever seen in a movie. it actually shows the murders themselves (through the eyes of john holmes at first and then from a third person perspective). it is so graphic, it looks like police evidence of a crime. i had to pause after this scene and remind myself this was just a movie. this movie is definitely not recommended for everyone. i recommend it as a good alternative to boogie nights, for those interested in the other sides of john holmes.-celluloid rehab

i didn't expect val kilmer to make a convincing john holmes, but i found myself forgetting that it wasn't the porn legend himself. in fact, the entire cast turned in amazing performances in this vastly under-rated movie.as some have mentioned earlier, seek out the two-disc set and watch the "wadd" documentary first; it will give you a lot of background on the story which will be helpful in appreciating the movie. some people seem unhappy about the lapd crime scene video being included on the dvd. there are a number of reasons that it might have been included, one of which is that john holmes' trial for the murders was the first ever in the united states where such footage was used by the prosecution. if you don't want to see it, it's easy to avoid; it's clearly identified as "lapd crime scene footage" on the menu!

this is a pretty strange movie. it does comes across as an exploitation film with over-the-top violence and unrealistic situations, but unusual for being constructed around rural characters at war with each other, as opposed to an invading 'other'.the movie is an excessive stereotype of vietnam veterans, in a long line of films that portrayed the vets of that war as dangerous psycopaths. kris kristofferson's last line is 'i ain't lost a war yet', as he meets his demise after wreaking a long trail of murder and destruction, including the town's chief of police and his brother's girlfriend in a particularly chilling scene. however, kristofferson is a good enough actor, and charismatic enough, to carry this villain with a surprising depth. vincent is clearly the golden boy, but with enough intensity layered over his clean cut goodness. the movie bears some plot resemblance to winchester 73 where jimmy stewart tries to tolerate a criminal brother until being forced to act against him.the movie has b-movie grade action, though the presence of kristofferson, vincent, a gorgeous victoria principal and bernadette peters give it an a-grade lineup.i give it a 7 for being a long lost view into an american psyche of post-vietnam/pre-reagan introspection, paranoia, and confusion, and a movie industry that was willing to address such topics at that time.seen on the this channel, a great network that keeps playing lots of old movies of the 70s through 90s, regardless of political bent.

anarchy and lawlessness reign supreme in the podunk hick hamlet of elk hills. the town elders deputize tough, cagey vietnam veteran aaron (a wonderfully robust and engaging performance by kris kristofferson) and several of his fellow vet buddies to clean up the place. the plan goes sour when aaron and his cruel cronies decide to take over elk hills after they get rid of all the bad elements. it's up to aaron's decent do-gooder brother ben (amiably played by jan-michael vincent) to put a stop to him before things get too out of hand. writer/director george ("miami blues," "gross pointe blank") armitage whips up a delightfully amoral, cynical and wickedly subversive redneck drive-in exploitation contemporary western winner: he expertly creates a gritty, no-nonsense tone, keeps the pace brisk and unflagging throughout, and stages the plentiful action scenes with considerable muscular aplomb (the rousing explosive climax is especially strong and stirring). the first-rate cast of familiar b-feature faces constitutes as a major asset: victoria principal as ben's sweet hottie girlfriend linda, the fabulous bernadette peters as flaky saloon singer little dee, brad dexter as the feckless mayor, david doyle as a slimy bank president, andrew stevens as an affable gas station attendant, john carpenter movie regular charles cyphers as one of the 'nam vets, anthony carbone as a smarmy casino manager, john steadman as a folksy old diner owner, paul gleason as a mean strong-arm shakedown bully, and dick miller as a talentless piano player. moral: don't hire other people to do your dirty work. william cronjager's slick cinematography, gerald fried's lively, harmonic hillbilly bluegrass score, and the abundant raw violence further add to the overall trashy fun of this unjustly neglected little doozy.

this movie could only originate in the 1970's!! it's a bizarre action movie set in a small california workers town. some sort of mill or plant is closing down, so suddenly, rampant bad behavior is occurring in the streets! the townsfolk's are fed up! so ben arnold (jan michael vincent), goes to another town to recruit his brother, aaron, played by kris kristofferson. aaron is a vietnam vet who looks and acts a little…off balance. he hangs out with a bunch of other surly vietnam vet's. they come into town to clean it up (they become deputized), but underneath their good deeds, they are actually running gambling houses, asking for protection money, etc.!!! it takes a while for people to catch on, and in a biblical cain and abel showdown, vincent has to take on his older brother. there's an interesting blue-collar sleaze atmosphere to this movie, which makes it interesting (note the cock-fighting scene!). vincent is almost too angelic in this role – he thinks so highly of his brother, he cannot conceive of him committing the evil deeds he's accused of. he finally comes to his senses – his girlfriend, victoria principal, is brutally shot in the back & he himself is beaten up in his home. kris kristofferson is creepily effective as aaron. he coolly denies any wrong-doing, and even gently coos and talks to vincent's young daughter (she refers to him as 'uncle aaron') even while he's threatening her father's life, all the while smiling! vincent and kristofferson have good contrasting chemistry with each other. bernadette peters makes an interesting appearance as a 'saloon' girl who attracts aaron's attention. this is a good 70's action movie, if you can find it!! it is not available on dvd yet…

this in my opinion is one of the best action movies of the 1970s. it not only features a great cast but is also loaded with wild shootouts and explosions that are still impressive today. the story is about a vietnam vet (kris kristofferson) being recruited by his brother (jan-michael vincent) to help clean up the criminal element in a small town and what happens when kris starts taking advantage of his position and becomes as bad as the criminals he was hired to get rid of. it's great seeing kris play against type. bernadette peeters and victoria principal both offer great support as the respective ladies of the two male stars. jan-michael shows real movie star persona in this film. i don't think vigilante force is on video but it occasionally shows up on tv. it's a great flick for guys who like movies.

this was the best bonnie and clyde movie i have seen. it has more accurate accounts of what happened and while it doesnt glorify their crimes it casts the pair in a normal light. i give this movie a 10. it has great actors,realistic scenes and excellent writers.

this is one of those movies that you happen across when you're channel surfing on a saturday afternoon, and you get drawn into it and end up watching the whole thing. i thought that it was well acted and it really made me feel for the characters. though it's a bit slow moving, focusing more on the relationships between bonnie and clyde and their family members, it never got boring. we don't really see too much of all the robberies that they were so legendary for, and instead most of the shootouts take place when they're ambushed by the police. i thought tracey needham, who played bonnie, really did a good job with her character. going from a nice country girl to a cold-blooded killer is a challenging thing to portray, and i enjoyed the subtlety she brought to the role.overall, an above average effort, especially considering it was a made for tv movie.

this movie is the only movie to feature a scene in which michael jackson wields a tommy gun. plain and simple.this movie rocks because it is freaking' hilarious! it may be creepy to see jacko w/ little kids, but this movie also stars.......................................... wait for it,.....................joe pesci!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!think about it, joe pesci and jacko with tommy guns, throwing coins into jukeboxes from 20 feet away? whats not to like? as stated before, this movie rocks!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!! !!!! !!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!! ! !!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

moonwalker by michael jackson is a real adventure film for the whole family!before the real story of the movie starts, we get a performance of the bad tour (man in the mirror), and it kicks off a great movie. after that we get a kind of a collage of michael carrier, as it was until moonwalker came out in 1988. after a few music videos also (speed demon, leave me alone, etc.) the story starts.the plot is basically that michael and his 3 friends (who are kids) are being chased by the bad guy of the story "mr. big", because they discovered his evil plans of getting children all over the world hocked on drugs. during the chase we see fantastic segments, fx. michaels video for smooth criminal, which is absolutely fantastic with its dance sequences, etc. but then one of the kids get kidnapped by mr. big, and michael will haft to save her before she gets a drug addict.during the movie we see special effects not only amazing for those days standards, but also impressive today. for instance, see michael turning in to a robot/spaceship in order to protect his friends! it's so cool!the movie ends with a performance of come together (later published in michaels double-album of history), and you leave the movie with a magic feeling. amazing!i recommend this for every family who wants to spend a nice night together with candy and popcorn in front of the tv. and now some parents might stand up and say: "but michael jackson is an alleged child abuser!" yeah, he is indeed, but, come on, we all know it isn't true! wait and see..

michael is king. this film contains some of the best stuff mike has ever done. smooth criminal is pure genius. the cameos are wonderful, but as always, the main event is mj himself. he is the best, hands down.

this movie is my all time favorite!!! you really have to see michael jackson in this wonderful film!! i'm always over the moon, watching it!! this is a film, that you really have to see, also if you aren't a mj fan, cause this film writes, like captain eo, e.t. and ghosts, a bit of film and music history!! this wonderful film, out of michael's feather, is a must have!! and: smooth criminal, is really the most wonderful, exciting and amazing song i've ever heard in my life!! thank you michael for this film and i love you!!! mj's the best musician to hit this planet, he's a fine man and he always brings sparkles in your eyes, when you listen to his music!! please, if you don't know this film, watch it and don't miss it, because would be too bad for yourself if you'd miss it!! -highly recommanded film, for every movie lover-

moonwalker is a fantasy music film staring michael jackson with different segments. i will rate each segment individually.segment 1 opens the film with a music video. the music video is a concert of michael jackson performing the song "man in the mirror", the music video also show's montages of historical figures such as gandhi, martin luther king jr, john lennon and more. the first segment was a good choice to open the film i liked the song and also loved the montage of the historical figures. i even loved the message in the song. i give the first segment a 9/10.segment 2 shows a montage of michael jackson's start from the jackson five to his solo career. the montage i thought was well made, i liked the animation they put into it and i also loved their choices of songs such as "i i want you back, beat it, thriller, can you feel it and the way you make me feel." the only thing i wish they could have done a little a better in one of the songs in the montage is "we are the world". the reason why is all you see is rain drops and in those drops are images of michael jackson and the chorus of the celebrities, but it's a little hard to see the chorus. other than that the segment is still good. i give it a 9/10segment 3 is the song bad. you're probably thinking it's michael jackson's music video of bad,well yes and no. this segment is the music video but it's redone by kids. the segment was cute but it wasn't as good as the other segments. i give it a 6/10segment 4 is a short claymation music film that takes place after the kid's version of bad called "speed demon". the short is about michael jackson being chased by his beloved fans and the press and he disguises himself as a rabbit and rides a motorcycle to try to get away from them. the claymation in the chase sequence was great but some parts in the film the claymation characters looked a little fake when they interact with real people. also at the end of the clip out of nowhere michael jackson rabbit costume comes to life and he's dancing with it. i liked the dancing but that was like out of nowhere. i give it a 8/10segment 5 is michael jackson's grammy winning music video "leave me alone." the music video is about the media poking their nose at michael jackson's personal life and michael jackson feels they won't leave him alone no matter how much he's proved innocent. the music video really speaks out( but keep in mind this happened before the child molestation this just all about the rumors of him in the 80's.) but i didn't feel this video should be in this movie because it's a kids movie and i don't think kid's will understand what he's singing about. i give this music video 8/10segment 6 leads us to the main story of the whole movie called "smooth criminal." michael jackson plays a gangster who uses his powers of a wishing star as a crime figure to protect children ( including john lennon's son sean lennon) from an evil mobster named mr bigg (played by joe pesci). the segment i thought really brought out the film especially when he danced and sang the song "smooth criminal" with a bunch of criminals. i also thought the special effects were good. the weird thing about the segment is why are kids hanging out with a grown man it never explained why. also joe pesci character talks about drugs and what he plans to do with them. i mean why would you talk about drugs in a kids film. other wise it was good. my rating for this segment is a 8/10segment 7 is the final segment of the whole movie. the film end's with michael jackson singing a cover version of the beatle's song "come together" and then during the credit's we see michael jackson singing with ladysmith black mambazo. michael did a good cover of "come together" and i think it was good idea putting including a group of good singer's with a talented musican like him. my rating is 9/10this movie is a good michael jackson film i think it really brings out children s imagination. the film is almost as imaginative as the beatles animated movie "yellow submarine" if you like michael jackson and you're up to a film with a lot of creativity this is the film. my overall rating for this movie is 8/10

and i don't say it in a bad way.i watched this movie at the cinema when i was 6 or 7. for me and my cousins it was magical, beautiful and scary at the same time. when we left the theatre, michael was our best friend even though we knew he had no idea about it.over the years, i saw this movie being aired a few times but i always changed the channel. even seeing a few seconds of it would bring back that feeling of magic and warm my heart. and i liked it that way.so i've only seen this movie once and i believe it was a good decision not to watch it again. if i saw it today, i know i couldn't help but criticise mj's acting, the plot (if there was one) and this and that. for me this is a childhood memory, so my feelings towards it are those of a child from 20 years ago.i see my adult self intervenes in my rating and gives it an 8 for the memories and wonderful music. for that little kid who watched it in awe 20 years ago though, this is definitely worthy of a 10.

i first saw this when they showed this around easter time 1993/4 and didn't think much of it then, i bought this on dvd last summer when i started getting into michael jackson (i liked his music before) and enjoyed it more now i am older. it is a good film but it won't be this classic film like the sound of music, west side story, the wizard of oz etc. michael jackson as an actor was good and so were the other cast members. there were a disturbing scenes like the little girl katie getting slapped by the gangster frankie lideo who was played by joe pesci. the scene that frightened me when i was younger was when michael turns into a robot. my favourite song on the film was smooth criminal i think it was better than thriller in my opinion.

at long last! one of michael jackson's most well known and beloved films comes to dvd! in michael jackson moonwalker, (michael jackson) stars as michael. a man with powers that are not of this world. michael must save sean (sean lennon), katie (kellie parker), zeke (brandon quintin adams), and the rest of the worlds children from drug lord frankie lideo aka mr. big (joe pesci) who's mission in life is to get all of the worlds children hooked on drugs! a note to people in the usa looking for this film on dvd: make sure when buying this film on dvd you buy warners product #wk00817 as ntsc region 3 which plays on north american ntsc region 1 players.

caught the tail end of this movie channel surfing through the cable movie channels, and was so intrigued i sought out the next showing.i really didn't know what to expect after reading the program summary, but i came away from this movie feeling quite disturbed and distressed. it also gave me as adult who attended high school in the 80's, a little better insight into what our kids have to contend with these days.the fact that you don't see the shooting only adds to the chillness of the plot. to see both child and adult alike struggle to comprehend and come to terms with the senseless shootings was at times overwhelming. and will admit that i shed quite a few tears throughout.on the whole, not a movie that i would seek out to what, however i am sure glad i did see it.

this is by far my most favourite movie in the world!!!!! i enjoyed it when i was 4 and i still enjoy it at 16!! its an absolute masterpiece! no video collection is complete without it!!! i enjoy every second of it and not only does the film have some great special affects but its sends a great message to the youngsters of the audience which may sound sheesy but in actual fact the movie is done very cooly in actual fact! although michael jackson has been in afew movies now, people still dont see him as an actor. in reality he's the most talented actor i know! he's so talented! he's incredible!!! moonwalker is a must see!!!!!!

this movie is exciting,daring and the music is very good.the movie moonwalker was meant to coincide with the album bad(1987).i have bad.it is excellent(*****).the movie begins with michael jackson performing"man in the mirror"on stage.then,it shows a history of michael,from his early days in the jackson 5 right up to the bad era. oh,and badder is good too(badder is a music video parody of the music video for bad the single).it then shows the speed demon video.the song and the video are very,very good indeed.same for leave me alone,which appears after.then it shows the movie moonwalker.after a few minutes,he plays smooth criminal in a club called club 30s.like it when he does the lean.anyway,nice to see you.bye bye.

moonwalker is absolutely incredible !!!!!!! what else can i say !? michael jackson is the true king of pop, rock and soul !!! moonwalker has everything ! great story line, fantastic music, great visual effects, and of course it has michael jackson !!!!!!

wow, i forgot how great this movie was until i stumbled upon it while looking through the garage. it's a kind of strange combination of a bio of michael jackson, a collection of musical vignettes, and a story about a super hero fighting to save some little kids. the vignettes are good (especially speed demon), but the best part of this movie is the super hero segment, in which michael jackson turns into a car, a robot, and finally a spaceship (and it's just as weird as it sounds). joe pesci is hilarious, and has enough cool imagery and great music to entertain throughout!the real gem however is the incredible "smooth criminal" video, which makes the movie worth owning for that part alone!

michael jackson is not very popular in usa anymore, however in europe (especially germany) he has still got lots of fans. many will say that this is a bad movie, and it is: it has no plot, it's full of cliches, michael praises himself constantly.but, you can't expect a plot or non-cliches in this kind of movie! it has entertaining visual effects and the music is perfect. the smooth criminal fragment - the greatest song ever, full of moonwalks, group dance acts and even the famous "michael jackson's bench-over" - makes this film one of jackson's masterpieces with an even good-looking (and white...) michael jackson!a must for jackson fans, a must for music fans, a must for dance act fans.however, as i'm an mj fan, i should warn all michael jackson haters out there: don't watch this movie, you'd only make your hate increase...

(there isn't much in the way of spoilers, since there isn't a plot to reveal, but still, i guess i describe some of what happens so...) this is it. this is the most nonsensical film i've ever seen. there are simply no words to describe this movie, although "bizarre" "ridiculous" and "ego trip" are pretty close. the opening half hour or so are really, really weird music videos, with absolutely no plot or continuity, apart from that mj falls into some from the previous. one of the highlights of this part of the "film" in the section where mj is flying a merry-go-round aeroplane through what seem to be half-arsed bond intro rejects and sections cut from yellow submarine (dear lord you could not make this up).then, with a little over an hour remaining, the "film" begins, with a lot of claymation (some of it really creepy) spotting our "hero" and chasing him looking for an autograph. obviously, this leaves our as of yet mute (discounting songs) lead somewhat worried, and he manages to temporarily lose them. fortunate for him, because it means he can witness a falling star and, and again, i'm not making this up, turn into a claymation rabbit. he uses this cunning disguise to try and sneak past them, but, for reasons i can't recall right now, they see through it (oh no!) and the creepy chase begins again. cue another song (big shock there).shortly after the end of the chase, mj somehow brings the rabbit to life, until he is busted by a policeman (in the middle of the desert) because it is, apparently, illegal to dance there.the rest of the film is equally as strange, highlights including mj cleaning up a bar to the tune of smooth criminal, including shooting a man with his finger, not only killing the guy, but burning his shadow into the wall, a la nuclear fission weapons. another good moment is when mj, seeing, mr big (joe "what the hell happened to his career at this point?" peschi) kidnap one of the children he was friends with, magically creates a tommy gun, and in another moment of violence that pepper this film seemingly at random, opens fire at everything that moves. a final moment i shall mention is when mj, surrounded by mr big and his private army. seriously, this guy has dozens of people working for him, and they're decked out more like commando units rather than mobsters, which i guess they are. how does he get out? why, he turns into a robot, complete with weapons and shield. this is the third of four transformations he makes, almost always when backed into a corner and/or on the run.this film is quite, quite surreal, with little in the way of plot, and virtually no continuity.

if you see this movie, you know you will see an extense video-clip of popular music. but you will find more. incredible fx, great music and a nice time to enjoy with your kids. if you compare this movie, you have to remember is a pop extravaganza. clips of "man in the mirror", "leave me alone", "smooth criminal" and beatles' "come together".

this is, in my opinion, a very good film, especially for michael jackson lovers. it contains a message on drugs, stunning special effects, and an awesome music video.the main film is centered around the song and music video 'smooth criminal.' unlike the four-minute music video, it is normal speed and, in my opinion, much easier to watch.the plot is rather weird, however. michael jackson plays a magical 'gangster' that, when he sees a shooting star, he transforms into a piece of machinery. throughout the film, he transforms into a race car, a giant robot, and a space ship.the robot scene in particular is a bit drawn out and strange. i found it a little out-of-whack compared to the rest of the film.a child is kidnapped, michael tries to save her, is tortured and beaten, and suddenly turns into a giant robot that blows up all the bad guys. a little weird? yeah.but besides the bizarre robot scene, it's a very good movie, and any michael jackson fan will enjoy both the smooth criminal music video and the movie.

moonwalker is such a great movie, from start to finish you cant take your eyes away. i love all the clips of michael singing and dancing and i just love the 'studio tour' bit...soo funny :) and the 'mini movie' is to cool, with all the special fx etc...michael is a genius and always will be!!!

i think that this movie is very neat. you eithier like michael jackson or you don't, but if you like him then you have to see this movie. i think that it is a very neat film with great song play and good imagination. not to mention the film center piece smooth criminal which has some of the best dancing you will every see.

mr michael jackson is an artistic phenomenon. his short movies, i.e. music videos, are simply the best. i do not care if i get a sane sci-fi feature from this man, but i do care to get a medley of his crazy dancing, shriek yells, cool crowd choreography, and some bits of cgi and animation. there also should be a few uninterrupted videos. everything i've mentioned is here. stupid plot and over-the-top "vanity fair" are not a problem when i witness mr michael jackson in action. to me he will always be the ultimate king of music videos (not "king of pop" which sounds moronic, especially for us, russians, because "pop" sounds like the russian word for "arses" and mj is definitely not "king of arses"). i can re-watch his best music videos (which are artistically beautiful) and i never get tired of them.my first impression of this film was "what is this...?" (bits of different videos, some drawn images, unsettling jumps from one theme to another, absence of any cohesive plot line, some kids fooling around, etc.) but as i watched it till the end, i could tell that it was great and really nothing like anything else shown on tv nowadays. what i like here too is that it never shows any shameful material and can be watched by kids easily.without mr michael jackson the universe of music videos would be rather poor. even the best classic videos of other artists cannot come very close to the energetic hyperbole of mj musical insanity and artistic quality. he knew how to get the audience of different ages and he knew how to remain a man with moral principles.when i see a proper dvd release with mr michael jackson videos i know that it deserves to be purchased even if some clips have already appeared in some other previous release. "history i", "history ii", and "moonwalker" are all great, though only "moonwalker" is more like one movie (with a solid "smooth criminal" theme, "paparazzi" topic, and a few weird spoofs and twists).being no fan of mj i can still give this "film... like no other" a solid 9 out of 10 (i've been hit by "smooth criminal" for sure and my major complains are the following: initial segments of the movie could have been dropped while the main "mj anti-drug campaign" should have been given more "sky-rocketing insanity and stress" and there should have been more "moonwalking" itself of course). thanks for attention.

only a 9/10 from me, a perfect ten would have been if there was more of a plot to the movie, but nevertheless moonwalker to this day remains a fun fest of music, dance and entertainment. beginning with the montage of video clips from jackson's long career, it reminds the viewer of just why he is often regarded as 'the king of pop'. from his hit 'i want you back' to 'we are the world' the multi-award winning charity record for the benefit of africa. following this a short movie of sorts, although lacklustre in an oscar winning script, nonetheless provides a fantastic and entertaining drama for the audience. ending with a perfect (sexy!) rendition of 'come together'. something the whole family can watch and enjoy.

moonwalker is probably not the film to watch if you're not a michael jackson fan. i'm a big fan and enjoyed the majority of the film, the ending wasn't fantastic but the first 50 or so minutes were - if you're a fan.i personally believe the first 50 minutes are re-watchable many times over. the dancing in each video is breathtaking, the music fantastic to listen to and the dialogue entertaining.it includes many of his finest videos from bad and snippets from his earlier videos. it also includes some live concert footage.if you're a big fan of michael jackson this is a must, if you're not a fan/don't like michael jackson, steer well clear.9/10

this movie is great.now, i do tend to like my films heavy on the story and dialogue, but now and then, something like moonwalker comes along, and it's watchable, despite numerous flaws.this film is no more than a highly entertaining michael jackson advertisement. beginning with sickly video set to 'man in the mirror' a montage listing his achievements, and bits and bobs from his career, it goes through all the highs of his life, then crashes down into a really, really entertaining segment which acts as a funny music video for 'bad' and 'speed demon', following the adventures of mj as he runs from manic stop-motion fans, and finally dancing against a rabbit costume. the stop motion isn't that bad as some would have you believe. it's passable.then we see the great video for 'leave me alone', and straight into the main feature.yes, the plot is laughable. very laughable. we see michael walk out of a building, then get shot at by thousands of troops. then we hit flashback, showing mj and three children stumbling upon an underground lair. 'mr big' (joe pesci) is the nefarious villain who has a plan to get every child in the world hooked on 'drugs' (no specifics are mentioned) at an early age. mj and the little girl he is with get caught, then chased... yada yada yada. the plot isn't really the important part. we get two very cool sequences where mj turns into a car, then a robot-spaceship thing, and of course, the amazing 'smooth criminal' sequence.it's a so-so film, but it is fantastic for anyone who likes mj. it has most of his greatest hits, and some cool little bits, and some quite good special effects (the robot/spaceship sequence in particular) worth it, especially seen as though you can pick it up for about a quid on ebay. it'll keep the kids quiet for a couple of hours, as well as most 20 somethings who were kids when it was first released.

with all this stuff going down at the moment with mj i've started listening to his music, watching the odd documentary here and there, watched the wiz and watched moonwalker again. maybe i just want to get a certain insight into this guy who i thought was really cool in the eighties just to maybe make up my mind whether he is guilty or innocent. moonwalker is part biography, part feature film which i remember going to see at the cinema when it was originally released. some of it has subtle messages about mj's feeling towards the press and also the obvious message of drugs are bad m'kay.visually impressive but of course this is all about michael jackson so unless you remotely like mj in anyway then you are going to hate this and find it boring. some may call mj an egotist for consenting to the making of this movie but mj and most of his fans would say that he made it for the fans which if true is really nice of him.the actual feature film bit when it finally starts is only on for 20 minutes or so excluding the smooth criminal sequence and joe pesci is convincing as a psychopathic all powerful drug lord. why he wants mj dead so bad is beyond me. because mj overheard his plans? nah, joe pesci's character ranted that he wanted people to know it is he who is supplying drugs etc so i dunno, maybe he just hates mj's music.lots of cool things in this like mj turning into a car and a robot and the whole speed demon sequence. also, the director must have had the patience of a saint when it came to filming the kiddy bad sequence as usually directors hate working with one kid let alone a whole bunch of them performing a complex dance scene.bottom line, this movie is for people who like mj on one level or another (which i think is most people). if not, then stay away. it does try and give off a wholesome message and ironically mj's bestest buddy in this movie is a girl! michael jackson is truly one of the most talented people ever to grace this planet but is he guilty? well, with all the attention i've gave this subject....hmmm well i don't know because people can be different behind closed doors, i know this for a fact. he is either an extremely nice but stupid guy or one of the most sickest liars. i hope he is not the latter.

i was a kid .. crazy about michael jackson. his music, his dancing .. he was and is the greatest of all times. few days ago a friend gave me a present .. "moonwalker" dvd .. i just couldn't believe it! so i took my time and saw the movie again.. after a lot of years, and it kicked me back in time. i almost cried. not because of michael jackson but of the good old times i remembered back than when i went to his concerts, enjoying music and dancing. the movie gave me some other perspective than back then when i was a kid. you can truly see the parody that michael went through his life. thank you michael jackson to bring me back to those great times, to your great music and dancing. it's a shame that people has forgotten you .. i didn't because you gave me great moments with your music .. all the best to you where ever you are out there ..

the first time i saw this "film" i loved it. when i was 11, i was more interested in the music and dancing. as i've grown older, i've become more interested in the acting as well. while the first half is just a retrospective of michael's career (from the jackson 5 up to "bad"), it was still entertaining to watch. the "badder" sequence could've been left out, though the kids were pretty good. "speed demon" and "leave me alone" were funny, especially when the police officer tells michael, "i need your autograph right here", after stopping him for dancing in a no-dancing zone. but it's "smooth criminal" that's the icing on the cake. joe pesci did an excellent job as the toughie (and that hair was wild). the dancing is perfect, and so are the special effects. the only thing i could have done without was the spiders. any fan of michael's should see this, if you haven't already. i give it a 10+!

if you want to remember mj, this is a good place to start. this movie features sweet tunes, mj as robot, and a crazy, messed-up plot. i recall, many a night, passing out to this fine feature film in college, and pondering the sheer awesomenes of whoever decided to green light this ridiculous piece of .there is lots of singing. lots of dancing. there is lots of singing while dancing. mj slays it as you would expect when it comes to this stuff. but there is much more to this movie. there is claymation. there are fat children (clay). there is an anthropomorphic rabbit that michael jackson has to battle in a dance off (obviously clay too). there is joe pesci as well (not made of clay).rip- we love you michael! it is a sad day for all of us.

actually this movie has silly moments, both in the claymation part and in the joe pesci and children part, and it's much worse than other mj movies like "the wiz", "captain eo" and "ghosts". but as a die hard michael jackson fan since almost eleven years, (yeah, that's half my life, you guys!), i can't complain too much about it. just seeing this lovely guy and hearing his wonderful music is a trip to heaven for me. but as a movie, it's not good at all, and i'm afraid, that it would get a much lower grade for me, if my darling mike hadn't been the one starring in it. but since no one but mike is the moonwalker, it has to get a 7 out of 10 from me.

i've loved this movie ever since it first came out. i was about nine years old, and now i'm 27. i remember playing the video game on sega genisis. i had so much fun, i would love to show my son this movie. he likes michael jackson as well and i know he will love this movie just as i did when i was a kid. even though he's much younger than i was when i first saw it. i can't wait for it to come out on dvd! i hope it comes out on dvd! please let it come out on dvd!! i'm dying to see it again!!! well that is my comment i hope that one day soon i'll get to view this movie again. i love all of the videos in this movie. my favorite mini-video is badder!

ah, moonwalker, i'm a huge michael jackson fan, i grew up with his music, thriller was actually the first music video i ever saw apparently. believe it or not there was a time where michael jackson was like a god to people, a time where women fainted at the sight of him before really fainting before seeing the sight of him, sorry, michael. but moonwalker was what started to be a tribute to all of michael's success of the time right when he released his famous bad album that was record breaking, was the first album to have 6 top ten singles. michael is an incredible artist, there is no doubt, he writes, sings, dances, but when it comes to acting or keeping a story straight with his audience… not so much.we start off pretty simple: jackson's music, life, career, success and the mania that was the 80's biggest star in the world michael jackson. later on, jackson is a 30's style gangster who uses his powers as a crime figure to protect the children. when jackson was allowed to be near children, we cut to him playing in a field with the children and their dog. the dog runs away, and in their search for it, jackson and the children uncover the lair of mr. big, frankie lideo, a drug dealing mobster with an army of henchmen who wants to get the entire populace of planet earth addicted to drugs, starting with the children. mr. big discovers jackson and the children, but they escape; jackson tells the children to meet him at club 30's, which turns out to be a haunted nightclub abandoned since the 1930s. the story goes back to the mobsters attack on jackson, and here it is revealed that jackson is actually a magical gangster, who draws his power from shooting stars. as one passes by the club, jackson transforms into a sports car and mows down several of mr. big's henchmen. the story picks up on the children at club 30's, and at first the children are afraid, but when jackson appears the scary atmosphere of the club transforms and the children find themselves back in the 1930s. the club is now filled with zoot suiters and swing dancers. jackson participates in a dance-off with the other club members, which serves as the music video for "smooth criminal". at the climax of the song, mr. big lays siege to the club and kidnaps one of the children, katie. jackson follows them back to big's lair and ends up surrounded by his henchmen. mr. big appears and mentally tortures jackson by threatening to inject katie with highly addictive narcotics. while katie manages to just grab joe pesci's glasses and get free from being injected, mr. big decides he's had enough and orders his men to kill katie before finishing off jackson, but not before a shooting star flies by. jackson transforms into a giant robot and kills all of mr. big's soldiers. yup, ummm, you want more weirdness? watch the movie.moonwalker is fun for the first half hour, seeing michael's success and all his hard work really makes his fans appreciate him once again. is it mostly to hype up his album? yeah, i love how he spends the first 25 minutes praising how awesome he is, then we go to his song called "leave me alone", which is kind of hypocritical, not that it's not a great song, just a small turn of events. then when we skip the crummy acting, the story was incredibly weak: the villain spells his name out loud while michael and katie are spying on him, lol, michael is a transformer all of a sudden, the villain's big monster plan is to make kids high? also the villain has some sort of massive ray gun that would make marvin the martian blush. but if there is one new thing that is incredible that the movie gives us is the new video for smooth criminal. this music video is perfection, it's choreographing, it's setting, it's song, it's smooth style, michael always goes above and beyond perfection and smooth criminal was incredible. i loved moonwalker as a kid, i still watch it for fun to this day, but it's not the best movie by any means, it's pretty silly, but it's all good if you're a michael jackson fan as well.7/10

i was quite surprised to read some of the comments on this work, honestly. some people were looking for a plot??? ok, when this video came out over a decade ago, i watched it for what it was: a collection of music videos. it's not a movie. it doesn't have a plot, nor a central storyline. it's a rather artistic anthology of mostly long-form videos, all of them rather smartly or creatively done. michael jackson may be considered a freak these days, but, after all, this was the man who gave us thriller (considered by many to be the greatest music video of all time) and set trends with billie jean and beat it. with moonwalker, he and the filmmakers and artists who collaborated with him once again took his music and dance moves to create some vividly entertaining stuff, incorporating claymation, special effects, live performance footage, and even self-parody (the "badder" sequence). and for those wondering what joe pesci was doing there, this video came out just a tad before he became a household name, and was one of his most memorable appearances on film. and, imho, i think the smooth criminal sequence (the choreographed section) beats anything else michael jackson did up to that point!

in mexico this movie was aired only in paytv. dietrich bonhoeffer's life, is a true example about a good german and specially, about a good man. the conversations between tukur's character and the nazi prosecutor are specially interesting. a true ideas' war: two different germans, both with faith in there believes. bonhoeffer was a very complex person: man, freedom fighter, boyfriend, churchman and a great intellectual; ulrich tukur is outstanding as bonhoeffer. i recommended this film a lot, specially in this difficult times for the planet. in mexico we don't know a lot about pastor bonhoeffer life and legacy, this is a great work for rescue a forgotten hero.

i watched, entranced and mesmerized, by the vocal and physical acting. the roles each character played were done with excellence.the lyrics,the words, every gesture, the sunrise, told it all.the movie spoke to me. it enlightened me to a different perception of a person who believes in mankind. who believes in peace and gentle behavior. i was also held in disbelieve, by the sacrifices and human dignity was portrayed. power without grace, is demented and without feelings. to want power at the cost of mankind, is so unbelievable. this movie made me so afraid for the people who are no longer in this world. and, it is with sadness that i think of them. i like this movie for the conversations and face expressions to it all. may this movie be blessed.

while i was the video store i was browsing through the one dollar rentals and came upon this little gem. i don't know what it was about it but i just had a gut instic about it and wow was i ever right.the story centers around two girls who have just survived a school shooting. one of the girls is alicia a teenage reble who is the only witness for the full attack and another is deanna another survivor who survived a bullet to the head by some miracle. thrown together by fate, they slowly begin a painful and beautiful display of healing and moving on.i just hate it when amazing movies fall through the cracks. because wow what a performance by busy phillips and erkia christensen not to mention the rest of the cast! my only complaint is that the dvd was sorely lacking in special features. oh and some of the jump cuts in the movie were kind of jarring. but all in all a excellent movie.

i found this movie to be exciting right from the start--like a spielberg movie is--and found the plot to be intriguing as i tried to figure out what the actual situation was.right from the start--before the opening credits-- the action starts, bringing with it immediate suspense.the two main characters are very likable. (i have trouble liking any of the baldwins, due to alec's extra-curricular, political activities, but william was not too bad in this movie.)there were several highly unexpected twists, which contributed to the enjoyment.there were, unfortunately, many places where there was an annoying high pitch sound in the soundtrack--something like 19k hz. i suspect the microphone was picking up video monitors on the set.

"home room" like "zero day" and "elephant", was inspired by the recent wave of school shootings. but unlike the other two films, "home room" focuses on two survivors (not the shooters or those killed) in the aftermath of a shooting. making it less exploitive and more useful because little effort is wasted in asking questions for which there are no answers.don't give up on this little film during the first 20 minutes, it is supposed to set up the real story but plays like a rejected "hill street blues" episode. it is lame but bear with it, at least it pads the running length enough to get the film classified as a feature. i recommend skipping this entirely and just jumping ahead to the hospital scenes-there is nothing here that you can't pick up from the remainder of the film.like a lot of good little films this was creatively a one-man show as paul f. ryan was both the writer and the director. while this arrangement does not guarantee a good film, it is usually a good sign because it will mean a certain unity of construction and execution that is often lacking in big budget dramatic features. because the script of "home room" is its real strength it is fortunate that the writer also executed the production and insured that his vision made it onto the screen.ryan takes a huge chance with the ending which tests the limits of the average viewer's sentimentality tolerance. he runs it right up to the edge but against all logic leaves you crying instead of cringing. why the ending works is some combination of the audience need for a reward at the end of this kind of journey, the song (sarah mclaughlin's "sweet surrender") he goes out on, and the amazing editing of the final minute.the other strength of the film is the casting of busy phillips (alicia) and erika christensen (deanna) as the main protagonists. although phillips plays her standard alienated surly teen and christensen her intelligent daughter of a good family, they both bring more intensity to their roles than ever before. the family life of both girls is more than satisfactory and of little interest to ryan. what is happening here is all about the two of them despite a lame side story about a police detective wondering around town trying to tie alicia to the lone shooter. if they ever re-cut and trim the film this side story should be condensed.a story about two extremely disparate girls bonding and helping each other is hardly a novel idea and ryan could have easily steered this film into cliché and predictability. but instead his script has them engaging in a fascinating and convincing sparring match, slowly chipping away at each other and sharing moments of vulnerability, only to retreat back inside themselves. deanna's "i'm dying inside" line just tears you apart-i can't think of a moment in any other film that i felt as intensely as that one. she desperately needs a connection that alicia just as desperately resists. deanna only makes progress when she retreats. the viewer keeps expecting the group hug that never seems to happen.ultimately this not only generates a lot of suspense but leaves you admiring both characters and the two actresses who brought them to life.then again, what do i know? i'm only a child.

by no means a masterpiece, and far from errol flynn's best, istanbul still has much going for it. the locations and beautiful technicolour cinematography, bring us back to a time long since past. errol flynn does show moments of his past glory, and is ok as jim brennan, a pilot who's past comes back to haunt him. the picture is actually a remake of 1947's "singapore", and the story seems awfully contrived and cliche' by today's standards. also many of the supporting cast seem to be simply "going through the motions" in this picture. many people have also compared it to one of the all time greats, casablanca. while watching the film, i could see many of the similarities, but hey, casablanca has inspired countless imitators, so take that for what it's worth. in closing, if you are a fan of flynn, or old fashioned love stories, you might want to give this film a look. otherwise, i'd recommend casablanca, or the maltese falcon, as a good introduction to some of hollywood's classics....

brian dennehy, bill paxton, joe pantalino and, best of all, jeff fahey, all in one film. wow is all i can think to say about that. these are four of the most underrated actors in the biz and they work beautifully together. it's like poetry the way they play off each other and ooze the natural ability to seem as though they had been best buddies for eons for even shooting the film.the film itself is fine and one that can be quite intense to view the first time, and the four stars help the re-watch-ability to a great extent. i cannot describe how good it was to see bill paxton and jeff fahey together on screen, the greatest moment being when they watch a couple from a distance and fill in the vocals themselves, it almost brought a tear to my eyes.a good film, a great cast, go see. why? four words, fahey, dennehy, paxton, pantalino.

i was pleased with the cast of reputable players. the story is one of standing up for a cause, even if you are at personal risk in doing so. in a time where violence and pain are often in the movie forefront, this movie focuses on the old fashioned good cop. although similar plots have been done repeatedly, these guys pull it off well. kick back and enjoy. dennehy is a master of taking over a movie.

alright, this film is the representation of several things. for starters, this film is about a disgruntled student who brings a gun to school and shoots roughly 9 students. one student survives and is in the hospital with extensive head injuries. the lead character is what several people who consider a 'loner/goth', despite the movie's stating of her not being so. she seems quite mysterious, but was also the only unharmed student in the victimized classroom. she's questioned, due to having a history of knowing the shooter and having a record of being on the phone with him the night before. anyhow, she's a very brief and distant person who seems to despise society. yet, due to some, at first unexplained events, she spent roughly a year out of school, failing the grade. she has the desire to graduate, and the principle practically cons her into the only possible way she can pass is to spend time with the survivor, the girl in the hospital.these two leads are nearly entirely opposite, and they are quite that on a social level. while alisha is a quiet, inwardly disturbed, anti-social 'goth' girl who spends her time entirely alone (even though she seems to read quite often, somewhat of a closet/out of the closet bookworm), the other girl is a rich, popular 'bubbly' girl who seems always incredibly optimistic and trapped in her own fantasy world, ignoring the outside world and its realism to survive. i feel both of these roles to a marvelous job of representing most 'cliques' in the modern highschool, but more importantly shows how two entirely opposite girls who know nothing of each other eventually open to each other. while the injured girl learns a deep, meaningful truth on her once sheltered life and the outside world, alisha learns that complete abandonment of society and locking everything inside is not always the best thing.many people will look to the connection between these two girls and see one of two things. either, a snobby, hateful girl who wants he rest of the world to suffer as she does, taking it out on an innocent girl, or the story of a seemingly trapped, fantasized girl who meets an outcast to society and learns not only not to judge, but that she is actually, perhaps, one of the most intelligent people she's known. in other words, people may see this film as a focus on alisha teaching the other girl a lesson about life, but it isn't about that.this film is about several things. while it is about all i have stated, it is also representative of how people deal from a large, life-changing catastrophe. truly, this movie is not very symbolic, but instead incredibly straight forward with its message, as long as you aren't afraid to open your mind, and your heart, to some emotions you may not be familiar with being portrayed so miraculously.overall, this film is one of the best i've ever seen. the acting is brilliant, the storyline and representation is deep and meaningful, and the emotion flowing through-out this film will have anyone not only relating, but possibly crying. this film is by far heart-wrenching, and very impactful, and if i ever believed any film could alter a person's life... this would be the first that could have changed mine.i adored this movie, if you ever want a movie that's moving and impactful, while incredibly entertaining and real, watch this.

yes, some plots are a bit hard to follow, and the bill does have a tendency to get violent, but it is actually an engrossing show, that i try not to miss. a vast majority of the episodes are very exciting and quite tense, and the acting is fairly good, though i do miss roberta taylor as inspector gina gold and todd carty as gabriel kent. i will admit, i prefer the older episodes to the newer episodes, and it is a bit of a shame that the programme is now after the watershed, as i found it easier to watch when it was at 8.00. still, why i like the bill is because not only it is engrossing, but the cliffhangers at the end do make the next episode unmissable. it is true though, that it is more melodramatic than it was, but i really like this programme as a programme that doesn't try to take itself too seriously. 8/10 bethany cox

the bill was essentially a cultural fountain from which a beautiful rainbow-haze of socio-introspection emerged, inspiring such famed derivatives as cop land, the departed, the godfather 3, and most recently of course, the wire.with multi-faceted characters and story lines that have been described as '4-dimensional shakespeare', the bill grabbed you by the collars from episode one and just would not let you go.the show covered, anticipated, and even occasionally caused all the major global events between 1984 and 2010. the most famously prescient moment being episode 19 of series 5, which aired on the eve of the second gulf war. detective jim carver's misguided - and ultimately career ending - drugs raid on craig 'fun boy' richardson's flat in the jasmine allen estate in early 2003, was widely viewed as a predictive allegory for the coalition's failure to find weapons of mass destruction following the invasion of iraq several months later.however, it was the work the bill did to try and highlight some of the lesser-known problems experienced by police officers that won it the most praise. this was sympathetic drama covering such sensitive areas as helmet-phobia, under-uniform cross-dressing, in-van homosexuality, lost truncheons, casual drunken bestiality (regretted), siren aversion syndrome (sas), groin chaffing caused by chasing suspects while wearing an overly starched uniform and many, many more issues that still trouble, disturb, haunt and excite officers to this day.the last word should go to one of the bill's most famous fans, nelson mandela: "…it is no exaggeration to say that i would not have made it through the dark void of loneliness that summed up my last years of incarceration on robben island if it wasn't for the heart-warming, casual buffoonery of reg hollis."

i absolutely loved this movie. i bought it as soon as i could find a copy of it. this movie had so much emotion, and felt so real, i could really sympathize with the characters. every time i watch it, the ending makes me cry. i can really identify with busy phillip's character, and how i would feel if the same thing had happened to me.i think that all high schools should show this movie, maybe it will keep people from wanting to do the same thing. i recommend this movie to everybody and anybody. especially those who have been affected by any school shooting.it truly is one of the greatest movies of all time.

a pleasant surprise! i expected a further downgrade along the line: the rock (9)-->con air (7)-->armaggeddon (4). especially for such an overhyped film. perhaps that's the reason so few approved of this new type of bruckheimer fare. clever dialogue instead of snappy one-liners, decent background/motivation instead of shake-n-bake stereotypes and when the chase came you really thirsted for it. fanboys expecting an armageddon rollercoaster: stay away. this is one for the more intelligent action fans. it didn't even bother me jolie appeared so little.

the movie was a big car commercial. :-)but who cares? i went to the theater to view the shelby cobra, angelina & cage.so i guess it was a good movie. *bg*

i liked this movie. it was pretty cool. it has it all: cars, gun shooting, fighting, and even a token girl. it does not excel in any of this things, with the exception of the cars. a bit of shooting, a bit of fighting, a bit of smooching around, and lot´s of car, with a great chase near the end. the jump, you may say, is impractical, but according to our good friends here at the imdb it is possible, so the movie ain´t as bad as people are painting it. it has some quality, and i liked to watch it. in fact, i loved the film. and i didn´t need to turn off my brains to watch it. i wasn´t always thinking "is this possible?" or tramp like that. 9 in 10.

i saw once no man's land (1987) - imdb link http://us.imdb.com/title?0093638 - and found it ok. the film is about a guy who steals only porsches. gone in sixty seconds comes 13 years after and adds nothing to it. in fact, it has a lot of scenes that are worthless. and the ending is very, very bad.the sphinx has a magnetic screen presence that should have been better used...

i really loved this film, yes, i know it was fairly far fetched, there is no way that shelby car could have managed to stay on the road as well as the 540i with all it's traction control and other gizmos but other than that the whole film was well put together. cage was excellent as usual and the rest of the cast were also pretty good with the exception of the brit bad guy, he was a little "too" much don't you think? anyway, great film, great cars and great acting. i for one made sure my car was locked and alarmed in my remotely controlled garage that night. :)

i went to see this movie with a bunch of friends one night. i didn't really hear much about it. so i wasn't expecting anything. but after i saw it, i really liked it. nicolas cage and the rest of the cast were very good. but i do have to say giovanni ribisi's acting performace did need a little perking up. but such a small flaw, it could be overrided. gone in 60 seconds is about a retired car thief who must boost 60 rare and exotic cars in one night to save his brother's life. the movie is in no way predictable. so the ending should be a suprise. think it's just another, fast car driving movie? well you are partially right. there is much more to it. everyone should take a look at this movie.

the story is quite original, but the movie is kinda slow building up to the point where they steal the cars. its kinda nice though to watch them prepare the stealing too, but the actual stealing should've been more in picture... however the stunt work on this movie was excellent and it is definetly a movie you have to see (7/10)

weak, fast and multicolor,this is the valvoline's movie in fact you can see always this brand of oil in a lot of scene. the real protagonist are the cars,weak performances of cage and duvall. a intresting angelina jolie is a unlikely mechanic. for the lovers of dream car(lamborghini and ferrari over all).

good action and interesting plot. having seen the original i must say it was an interesting improvement and showed more of the movie. good cast .. meaningful acting.. although it would nice to see some more expansion in the action scenes rather than the background story. fun movie to watch and keeps you alert all the time 7/10 is a right vote i think!

i saw this on a flight over to the u.s and was a little sceptical at first as a few people had said there were so many characters in it that you didnt get to know any of them. however i didnt find this at all. the film is fast, but this is due to the nature of the director and the star. the chase scenes are excellent and yes it may be predictable but isnt that true of most films. the main villain is a bit of a let down, christopher eccelston is not as convincing as he could have been, but that said its still a good film.

it is a great movie if you have ever named your cars or are really into old, fast, or exotic cars. it has a plot and a lot of action. the car scenes are great except for the totally fake car jump scene. all of the other scenes are great. i really enjoyed it and i hope everyone else does as well.

if you like cars you will love this film!there are some superb actors in the film, especially vinnie jones, with his typical no nonsense attitude and hardcase appearance.the others are not bad either....there are only two slight flaws to this film. firstly, the poor plot, however people don't watch this film for the plot. secondly, the glorification of grand theft auto (car crime). however if people really believe they can steal a ferrari and get away with it then good look to them, hope you have a good time in jail!when i first read that nicolas cage was to act the main role, i first thought "...sweeet.", but then i thought "...naaaa you suck!" but then finally after watching the film i realised "...yep he suck's!".only joking he plays the role very well.i'll end this unusual review by saying "if the premature demise of a criminal has in some way enlightened the general cinema going audience as to the grim finish below the glossy veneer of criminal life, and inspired them to change their ways, then this death carries with it an inherent nobility. and a supreme glory. we should all be so fortunate. you can say "poor criminal." i say: "poor us."p.s. - angelina jolie voight looks quite nice!

i have had the chance to watch several movies in bluray and hd dvd. this movie stays to it's wonderful action and great story. although if you are looking for a movie with an excellent picture this one is not it. not having this movie on dvd helped make the purchase easier. i have always enjoyed the intense action and the excellent acting which don't always go together. overall that is what makes this an excellent fun film to watch. now on the blu ray scale. in many blu ray movies you either get two things. a picture that is almost crystal clear with no distortion or a movie with grainy hd picture. i was disappointed when i made this my first blu ray movie. i almost began to think that this was a blu ray standard. although after watching other movies i know better. i don't believe they spent as much time as they should have transferring this movie over to hd. that is generally the problem with some movies. and for the price of blu ray players and the blue ray discs you should only have the best picture. so i only consider this a worthwhile investment for people who have either never seen the movie or have not bought the dvd version.

nick cage is randall raines, a retired car thief who is forced out of retirement when he's forced to save his the life of his brother kip (giovanni ribisi) when he screws up on a job, by completing his brothers job of stealing 50 cars in one night. he has to get together his old crew that he can trust to help him pull it off and get his bro out of dutch. but the cops are onto him, so can he pull it off? this was one of the great candidates of a film to re-make as the original was far from a classic. and if you don't go into it expecting much, and turn the thinking portion of your brain off so you can ignore the plot hole ans just take the movie for what it is. you'll end up enjoying the ride. watch it on a double-bill with "the fast and the furious" for a night of high-speed hijinks, just don't take the car out for a spin right afterwards.my grade: b- dvd extras: 7 minute jerry bruckheimer interview; bruckheimer bio/filmography; action overload: highlight reel; the big chase; "0 to 60" featurette; "wild rides" featurette; stars on the move; the cult "painted on the heart" music video; theatrical trailer, and trailers for "shanghai noon", "mission to mars" and "coyote ugly"

as much as i like big epic pictures - i'll spare you the namedropping - it's great to kick back with a few beers and a simple action flick sometimes. films where the plot takes a backseat to the set-pieces. films where the dialogue isn't so cleverly written that it ties itself in endless knots of purple prose. there are hundreds of films that fit the bill... but in my opinion gone in sixty seconds is one of the better ones.it's an update of the movie that shares its name. it also shares that picture's ethos, but not quite it's execution. whatever was great about the original has been streamlined. whatever was streamlined was also amped up thanks to a bigger budget. often these kinds of endeavours are recipes for complete disaster - see the pug-ugly remake of the italian job for one that blew it - but here, thanks to a cast of mostly excellent actors, sixty succeeds.the plot and much of the dialogue isn't much to write imdb about. often you'll have scenes where the same line of dialogue goes back and forth between the actors, each of whom will voice it with different inflections. a lot of people found this annoying; i find it raises a smile. each actor gets a chance to show off his or her definition of style here, with cage, jolie and duvall leading the pack of course (and it should be noted that it's also amusing to see mrs pitt not given first billing here). the chemistry between good ol' saint nick the stalwart (see date of review) and angelina leads to a couple of nice moments.the villain is not even a little scary - i've seen chris eccleston play tough-guy roles before so i know he can handle them, but i think he was deliberately directed to make his role inconsequential as not to distract from the action. we know the heroes are going to succeed, somehow; we're just sitting in the car with them, enjoying the ride. i think a lot of these scenes were played with tongue so far in-cheek that it went over the heads of a lot of people giving this a poor rating. in fact, i wouldn't have minded some fourth-wall breaking winks at the camera: it's just that kind of movie.all this style and not so much substance - something that often exhausts my patience if not executed *just* so - would be worthless if the action wasn't there. and for the most part, it is. wonderfully so. i've noticed that it seems to be a common trend to be using fast-cut extreme close-up shots to direct action these days. i personally find this kind of thing exhausting. i prefer movies like this where the stunts are impressive enough to not need artificial tension ramping by raping tight shots all the time. i've been told that cage actually did as many of the car stunts as he could get away with without losing his insurance (in real life i mean - his character clearly doesn't care) and it shows. the man can really move a vehicle and this is put to good use in the slow-burning climatic finale where he drives a mustang into the ground in the most outlandish - and fun - way possible.so yes, this movie isn't an "epic, life-affirming post-9/11 picture with obligatory social commentary" effort. the pacing is uneven, some of the scenes could have been cut and not all the actors tow the line. but car movies rarely come better than this. so if you hate cars... why are you even reading these comments?!i'd take it over the numerous iterations of "the flaccid and the tedious" (guess the franchise) any day. 7/10

to make it short and not to spoil everything this film is about kip (giovanni ribsi), a car thief, who messes up a big delivery of stolen cars (50 in total). he is then threatened to be killed by the man who gave him the ‘order'. the objective now is to get 50 cars stolen in 3 days, with the help of randall (nicolas cage), a ‘retired' booster and also kip's brother and a couple of old friends of randall's. as you can see this is the same old, big bro' needs to get lil' bro' out of trouble routine and of course randall is the best thief there ever was. of course as in all other movies there are also a few setbacks and surprises you never would have thought of, but at times it is predictable too, so there is nothing fancy about the story. you are by now probably wondering why this is about 51 times the hot stuff, since there are only 50 beautiful, fast, cool and expensive cars to be stolen. well the other hot item in this film is sway (angelina jolie (who will be a big star (trust me))). she is not only very convincing in the role as a car theft, but she is pretty hot too. ok not hot as in pretty, but hot as in damn cool and sexy. she was very believable in this role, probably because she is some kind of a wild woman in real life too (don't believe me, read her biography) and for the sexy part well just see for yourself man. i only know, that she plays the kind of girl i like in this film, because she is not too mainstream, a bit alternative look and she even comes with a tattoo.ok the only downsides i felt while watching this movie was, that there is not very much action, there is one totally unrealistic scene, the story is only ok and that there are not much jokes. hey but after seeing the whole film i must say: who cares. why must i say that, well because it was still entertaining; had a couple of cool car chases; good music; some bruckheimer scenes (where the combination of music and the lines of actors make your eyes go wet); good actors who all did their jobs; pretty cars; one cool, wild, sexy lady (yes, i mean mrs. jolie) and last but not least very nice and cool tools to boost the cars with. so some downsides here but still a pretty good and entertaining movie. all in all the best way to describe this film is that it is an overall ok movie with a cool – feelgood ending.as for nicolas cage, well… he is actually one of my most favourite actors in the action genre nowadays after such good films as the rock, con air, face / off, snake eyes and finally this one. plus what actor has had so many good action / thriller's in the last years and such successful ones ? well no one!!! maybe jackie chan, but he is one of my favourites too. one thing that is true though about mr. cages bruckheimer films is that they keep getting worse. the rock, was a clear 9, con air was a nice 8 and this well this clearly is a 7. not that that mark is bad. does it not show that his films under bruckheimer keep getting worse and that maybe cage has to think longer before he accepts a role in a movie and probably he should make a few less movies ? no it doesn't show us that, because almost all of cage's films were successful in the last few years, except for 8mm and bringing out the dead. 8mm was not great, i admit that, but that was never cage's fault and the story seemed good to me. about the latter film i can not say anything, ‘cause i have not seen it yet. one thing though i know for sure, if bruckheimer would have asked me for those three films, i would have said yes to all of them. i would have said yes to the rock, because the story was great and because you would get to play with sean connery and ed harris. i would have said yes to con air, because there would be a lot of action in it, because the story was good and because you got to act with john malkovich and ving rhames. in this one i would have starred because i would have gotten a big paycheque, i would have been able to ride some cool and fast cars and because i would have been able to kiss angelina jolie (can't wait to see her in that lara croft outfit). this one was a good choice of mr. cage and it certainly was worth a look at in the theatre.7 out of 10

what's in a name? if the name is jerry bruckheimer expect it to be filled with action.in producer bruckheimer's latest film, gone in 60 seconds, its all about the nomenclature. with character monikers like kip, sway and the sphinx and cars idealized with names like diane, sue and the elusive eleanor, it's only the non-stop action that keeps you from wanting to just play the name game.not a deep script by any means, but it is a great vehicle for action as nicolas cage as memphis raines, along with angelina jolie and robert duvall, comes out of car-thievery retirement to save his brother's life by stealing a list of 50 exotic cars in one night. a remake of the 1974 cult hit, this film may not be destined for the same cult status but it is entertaining.surprisingly, it's the action that keeps you watching not the acting. although loaded with stars, none of them have standout performances, including a very weak performance by one of my favorite up and comers, giovanni ribisi. even jolie, coming off her recent oscar win, is just a token love interest with hardly any screen time.can a series of beautiful cars and the car chases they become involved in make a great film? i think so. the film is a pleasure to look at and although one particular scene takes you into the realm of unbelieveablity, the action is non-stop and the suspense is compelling. just be wary of other drivers fighting for a pole position as you leave the theatre.3 1/2 out of 5

gone in 60 sec. where do i began, it keeps you in the movie with some good action and some cool cars. people say its not a good movie i disagree sure it has some cheesy parts but what action movie doesn't. i gave it an 8 out of 10 cause of the action and the comic relief if you like the rock or face off than this movie is right up your alley cage dose a good job along with one of the most under rated actors in my mind del-roy lindo. i think sometimes people look to far into movies some times you need to sit back enjoy the movie and after words ask yourself did they achieve what they where showing. meaning if they where going for action was it action pact. if they where trying to make a movie to change how movies are made and trying to win every award out their well did they? i think they made the action movie they set out to make, give it a chance and you wont be sorry.

gone in 60 seconds is a very good action comedy film that made over $100 million but got blasted by most critics. i personally thought this was a great film. the story was believable and has probobly the greatest cast ever for this type of movie including 3 academy award winners nicolas cage, robert duvall and the very hot anjolina jolie. other than the lame stunt at the end this is a perfect blend of action comedy and drama. my score is **** (out of ****)

gone in 60 seconds / (2000) *** (out of four)	"gone in 60 seconds" is an energetic, slick, stylish action picture with high octane star power and lots of awesome looking automobiles. if you are a viewer interested in cars this production, by producer jerry bruckheimer ("con air," "the rock"), is worth seeing just to feast your eyes on the glossy vehicles. although the film secretes a stench of weakness in many areas, its precise sense of action and excitement make it a moderately successful summer thrill ride.	the film stars giovanni ribisi ("the mod squad") as a young crook named kip raines, who, as the movie opens, fails to deliver a long list of expensive cars to the powerful criminal raymond calitri (christopher eccleston). when kip's life is threatened because of such, his older brother, randall "memphis" raines (nicolas cage), a retired but skillful car thief, is called upon to complete a task in exchange for his brother's survival: steel fifty cars-specified by model, color, year, and make-in only four days.	memphis disburses the first three days recruiting a team of bandits to help him pull off the heist. the crew includes sara "sway" wayland (angelina jolie), a sexy yet gruff retired car swindler knowing memphis through previous business, a fellow named mirror man (t.j. cross), the aging and wise otto halliwell (robert duvall), as well as tumbler (scott caan), atley jackson (will patton), toby (william lee scott), and donny astricky (chi mcbrde). 	contributing to the film's drive and tension is a subplot involving two police detectives, roland castlebeck (delroy lindo) and drycoff (timothy olyphant), who suspect from previous experience that memphis and his crew are up to no good and keep an extra close eye on them.there is not much time for character development here; the audience gets to know these people though their rugged lifestyles and assume tough personalities through the films hard core, stylish atmosphere. to make matters even worse for the film, the dialogue fails to define the characters with a gritty cultural tone. i am not stating i think profanity and vulgarism is necessary for thrillers to flourish; i actually honor the director's decision to sustain from extreme foul language in a movie that could have very effortlessly earned an r-rating. however, i do believe in a movie such as "gone in 60 seconds," to strongly develop the character's enlightenment, dialogue needs to be believable and authentic.  in spite of problems, the characters are effective due to the top notch, perfectly cast performers responsible. nicolas cage's melodramatic performance is intense and convincing. angelina jolie's sleazy appearance is completely appropriate here. delroy lindo is deliciously sturdy and believable. giovanni ribisi, scott caan, robert duvall, will patton, and christopher eccleston provide persuasive supporting roles.	the film contains standard structure, with a satisfactory first act that elaborates on the story's style and the character's motives, sets up a fast-paced theme of action, but lacks depth and strong character introduction. in the second act we run into a few more problems: the story wastes time during much of this segment, never really building up for the third act. while the middle of the movie occupies much time, and a sex scene provides a solid mid-plot, not a whole lot happens. the third act is pretty much a sheer adrenaline rush containing furious wall-to-wall excitement and one of the most intense car chase sequences ever filmed.	the soundtrack to "gone in 60 seconds" contributes a great deal to the inspirational action scenes. it is scenes like the car chases that makes this movie work in spite of several destructive faults. dominic sena, whose career has mostly consisted of directing commercials, has an appealing style and a decisive attitude in "gone in 60 seconds" which will grant audiences with two hours of commotion, thrills, and excitement…but not much more.  

this movie has taken a lot of stick. it was slated by critics when it came out and was blamed for wrecking nicolas cage's career. the thing i don't think people get is that it's not meant to be an epic, oscar contender of a movie, it's just some brilliant "bruck-buster" action at its best. fast cars, quick editing and a great soundtrack - it does exactly what it says on the tin. also, for anyone who likes cars its a pure treat. it has everything: ferraris, mercs, a hummer and lets not forget eleanor! i think you'd be hard pushed to find a better action movie, and personally, a better movie at all!! then again maybe that's just me!

great fun. i went with 8 friends to a sneak preview viewing of this film. we came to see different one but after 10 minutes wondering what the heck we got ourselves into this time the jokes became funny and they stayed funny throughout the movie. in the first part you just keep asking yourself about this 'malinski' and 'bellini' stuff (there are many more examples of this lingo) and because they keep repeating the same jokes (with different twists) they get funnier and funnier. in search for this malinski all the main characters are introduced the first one even wackier than the next. until half of the film was over we didn't even know the name of this movie because there were no opening credits and we went to this sneak viewing, but we sure had a good time. the house was loaded (appr. 250 people) and i think about half of them didn't like it and the other half loved the film. if you like weird comical movies with great dialogue you will love it. apart from clooney this movie deserves a lot better than the 5.6 imdb rating it has at the time i write this, but when more ppl have seen it i am sure it will go up. 7.0 is reasonable i guess, i would give it an 8 out of 10. (10 out of 10 after a few beers)

there are good ways to make a movie and bad ways and this very much the former. this short caper exacts nothing more than what it gives to the audience. it presents a simple story, told very plainly with enough wisecracks to keep you going, then just gets better and better. clooney's cameo is funny and very welcome but the leads including sam rockwell and luiz guzman can easily make it on their own. likeable and funny, hilariously so towards the end, welcome to collinwood is a welcome addition to the heist genre.

this movie is so misunderstood it is not even funny. if you think of seeing this one for the shootings.. stay clear. this one deals with the effects and trauma that the survivors must endure. even the detectives are seeking the answer we all do...why? fantastic acting from the two leading ladies as we see how those we ignore are affected by the very same things we are affected with. yes the language is harsh at times, but it suits the characters well. there are some loose ends left or unanswered, but all movies have these. the major issues are dealt with and this movie makes a major statement about how all of us adults feel after such major incidents. highly recommended for teens and adults.

i loved this film. i thought it would be easy to watch, and easy to forget. i ran out after watching this to buy the dvd, obv not easily forgotten!the script is brilliant, and the casting couldn't be more perfect. each character has their moment, and i laughed hard throughout this film, comedic timing was spot-on.

i participate in a filmmaker's symposium, and this film was shown after we had already seen a not so great film and participated in a 40 minute discussion. even though it was incredibly late and we were weary, the entire audience really enjoyed it.personally i thought the film was hilarious in all the right spots, and i loved the quirky cast of characters. they really grow on you in the film.

went to see this as me and my lady had little else to do on a sunday afternoon i like films that deal with sleazy,loser characters and this is full of em. after a slow start we get some good turns from the cast but it is the actual 'bellini' that both makes and lets the film down. the 'bellini' is one of the funniest scenes i have seen in a film for a long while but is too short and could have made this a masterpiece overall 71/2 out of 10

having heard quite positive reviews and having seen the trailer i had to see this movie. with william h. macy, luis guzman, michael jeter and sam rockwell present it had to be good. and it delivered. overall, the movie is not crack-you-up funny, but there is one scene that really stands out and is, in a my eyes, a classic. spoiler at the end, where they break through the wall to get to the safe and we see rockwell and washington stare at jeter is just fantastic. this is just as good as the scene in the big lebowski where the dude is using a chair to barricade his door, but forgets the door turns outward! end spoiler just go see this movie, you won't be disappointed.

this is without a doubt the funniest comedy of the year. everybody is brilliant. the acting is superb. you can see that the actors enjoyed making this film. it´s a shame to spoil the film with give aways, so rent it and laugh your ass off.9 - 10.

welcome to collinwood is one of the most delightful films i have ever seen. a superb ensemble cast, tight editing and wonderful direction. a caper movie that doesn't get bogged down in the standard tricks.not much can be said about this film without spoiling it. the tag line says it all - 5 guys. 1 safe. no brains.william h macy and sam rockwell lead an amazing cast. george clooney should be congratulated for producing this gem.

idiotic hack crooks, a babe, a safe, a plan and a baby. add them all up and you get the best comedy you've never heard of. even with some a-list star power (at least a-minus...okay, b-plus?) this movie got very little publicity.but that does not diminish its genius.terrific writing, solid delivery and a believable group of characters. some truly classic lines, and a fun twist at the end.this is not some watered-down "nutty professor" comedy. these are low-life bad guys. they speak low-life bad guy language and they do low-life bad guy things. but they do it for your amusement and entertainment, and they do that well.one of the best comedies i've ever seen.

i had never heard of this flick despite the connection to george clooney (whose company produced and he appears in a very funny supporting bit) and his ocean's 11 director steven soderbergh. worse, we picked this up in a discount bin for $4.99 (canadian dollars at that!) what a grand and pleasant surprise. but then i'm of the opinion that if william h. macy is in it you can't be disappointed. this was very reminiscent of those ealing comedies from england in the 1950s. ok, with more profanity. this is an oddball and at times gut-splittingly funny film. the actual heist made me laugh so hard i was crying. perhaps the funniest use of underpants in movie history. maybe it was the low expectations i had going in but i watched with a group of people and we had a blast. best $5 i've spent in ages.

silly, hilarious, tragic, sad, inevitable.a group of down-and-outs team up with a "seasoned" crook to elevate themselves out of their poverty. great idea...if you ignore the screwup factor.nice to see george clooney doing something genuinely funny for a change. the casting is perfect and the acting standards very high. although it could be said that the motley crew subject isn't new, i think this movie handles it in an interesting and unique way. sufficiently so that it stands out from what has gone before.very well done guys.

i saw this gem of a film at cannes where it was part of the directors fortnight.welcome to collinwood is nothing short of superb. great fun throughout, with all members of a strong cast acting their socks off. it's a sometimes laugh out loud comedy about a petty crook (cosimo, played by luis guzman) who gets caught trying to steal a car and sent to prison. while in prison he meets a `lifer' who tells him of `the ultimate bellini' – which to you and me – is a sure-fire get rich quick scheme. it turns out that there is a way through from a deserted building into the towns jewellers shop – which could net millions. sounds simple? – well throw in all kinds of wacky characters and incidents along the way and you have got the ingredients for a one wild ride!! – word passes from one low life loser to the next and soon a team of them are assembled to try and cash in on cosimos `bellini' lead by failed boxer pero (superbly played by sam rockwell – surely a star in the making) and reluctant crook riley (william h. macy) who is forced to bring his baby along with him as his wife was locked up for fraud!!.based on the italian film i soliti ignoti (big deal on madonna street) which also inspired a similar film to `collinwood' – `palookaville'. this knocks spots of the latter effort and although its written and directed by the russo brothers it definitely has shades of the coen brothers about it. produced by steven soderbergh and george clooney, who has a small yet hilarious part as a crippled safe breaker.

having the opportunity to watch some of the filming in the slavic village-broadway area i couldn't wait to see it's final copy.viewing this film at the cleveland premier last friday,i haven't laughed out loud at a comedy in a long time! it is great slapstick. the russo brothers did a fine job directing. the entire cast performs their best comedic acting... no slow or dry segments... george clooney is one of my favorite actors and he's great as the crippled safe breaker in this flick. i was most imprest by william h. macy as crook "riley" and michael jeter's as "toto" they keep you in "stitches". i believe they have the funniest roles in the entire movie.

this movie is very hilarious, and it has a great compilation of actors like william h. macy which always have perform this kind of roles, maybe his most representative, fargo; and george clooney which is a very good actor showing his comedian work in brothers cohen film "oh brother, where art thou?" which results to be one of my favorite movies ever! but it's been hard to find "welcome to collinwood", here in mexico. my city lacks of good places where to buy some good films. i tried to buy it at blockbuster but they don't know it by the original name, so maybe it will be a little easier to find if i have the name they gave to it in mexico, do someone knows it?, because i can't remember! cheers. a.

before george clooney directed sam rockwell in his directorial debut "confessions of a dangerous mind", they starred together in this movie. george clooney also was involved with this movie as a producer, along with steven soderbergh, which shows that they really believed in this project. in potential this also seems like a fine and entertaining project, that is in the same line with movie-remakes such as "ocean's eleven" and "the italian job" but somehow this movie is only halve successful, or at least it isn't as good as it could had been.the movie its characters are all being played by some fine well known actors but a shame is that the characters are not really given enough room to develop. even though in their potential they could had turned into fun and enjoyable characters, they are now only characters that mildly entertain because mostly of some of the more quirky sequences that are in the movie. the fact that they are being played doesn't change much to this, even though they prevent their characters from ever becoming a total bore or perhaps even annoying, or anything like that at all.it's of course due to the writing that the characters aren't used to their full potential. i can only assume that the original italian movie "i soliti ignoti" works out much better than this movie does. the movie relies too much on its simple story and predictable way of storytelling.nevertheless the movie is simply still a very fun one to watch maybe because of that very same simplicity. it's an harmless little caper movie, in which you simply shouldn't to worry much about the story. in that regard "welcome to collinwood" is still a movie that works out and simply serves its purpose well.it's a movie that you won't regret watching once you've finished it but it also is a movie you can really easily do without ever seeing.7/10

cosimo (luis guzmán) is told in prison about a perfect heist.since he's behind bars and can't do it himself he has to leave it to his girl rosalind (patricia clarkson).soon there are five guys organizing the crime- five guys with very little brain capacity.brothers anthony and joe russo are the directors of welcome to collinwood (2002).it's a crime comedy that's often very funny.you can't help but laughing when everything goes wrong with these guys.there are some great actors playing these characters.william h.macy plays riley.isaiah washington is leon.sam rockwell is pero.michael jeter is toto.andy davoli is basil.gabrielle union plays his love interest michelle.jennifer esposito plays pero's love interest carmela.george clooney (also producer) plays jerzy, the tattooed guy in a wheelchair.this is a highly entertaining flick.i certainly recommend it.

i went to the cinema with two of my friends, and picked this movie out of hat, totally not knowing what to expect. and it turn out into a very enjoyable, die-laughing experience! it's an excellent movie with very unexpected story, very good dialogs and crazy humor. all characters are obviously made in "alan ford" (italian satiric comic) style, but that haven't bothered me for a second. in fact this kind of loser-bums line-up made a movie quite unique and interesting. sam rockwell gave very good and convincing role, willian macy too, clooney is hardly recognizable and brilliant. but real star is actually guzman. he made a role of his life in this movie! the scene when his character cosimo dies in the movie, is so hilarious that it made me choke and almost die with him! highly recommended for all "alan ford" fans!

welcome to collinwood is a lot of things, but it is none of the following:a george clooney star vehicle unfunny un-originaland yes i know, the basis for the movie is another movie. but as far as hollywood goes, this may rank with their most authentic outputs this decade - and for me, it does.the movie is from start to finish, an absolute gas. here's why.there isn't a bad performance in the film. the funny parts are funny. the edgy parts are edgy. the script contains, not a dull moment of dialogue the cinematography is fresh and yes beautiful. and it doesn't conform to the hollywood norm (you'll see what i mean, when you see the film)when i was a kid, i remember seeing advertisements for the film. this film went under the radar after not grossing much at the box office, and isn't even a cult classic. the reason why transformers 2, is seen as acceptable by average movie goers, is because they are used to seeing transformers 2. if film's as original and funny as this were pumped out as often as multi-million pieces of s**t, the cinematic experience would be a much fresher place - when 'they' say they don't make em like they used to, 'they' didn't see welcome to collinwood.a fun, mini-masterpiece of caper comedy, that refuses to compromise. one of my favourites.

this is not a "loose", but a precise, faithful remake of 1958 monicelli's classic "i soliti ignoti" with toto', mastroianni, gassman, cardinale etc. and that's the reason is good, it copies all the funny characters and the plot, even in details (like the scene where the photographer steals the camera from the local market).i have watched the superb old version many times and i knew by heart all the gangs and the ending but i still enjoyed "welcome to collinwood", which has its own freshness and atmosphere. it is interesting to see how the life and ways of the little thieves in 1950's italy are adapted to 2002's usa. things haven't changed much. 8/10.

although it has been remade several times, this movie is a classic if you are seeing it for the first time. creative dialog, unique genius in the final scene, it deserves more credit than critics have given it. highly recommended, one of the best comedies of recent years

i had tried to rent this on many occasions, but was always with the girlfriend, who, as a general rule, usually rejects heist flicks and ensemble comedies with the comment "uhm... looks good, but i'm not in the mood for that movie." thus entereth the "almighty solo movie night"!anyway, i found welcome to collinwood a rather enjoyable movie. while ultimately fairly forgettable, it does have moments of fun and a few laugh out loud moments. i was unfamiliar with the fact that it was a remake, and as a general rule watch movies trying to ignore that fact and watch them on their own merits anyway. george clooney puts in a humorous and brief cameo as a wheeled safe cracker that, for the most part left me wondering two things... 1. wouldn't every comedy be better if mr. clooney put in a strange 5 minute cameo? and 2. how do they make fake tattoos that look old and faded, and how easily do they wash off? the cast, all fine actors in their own right, put in a great job, and you get the impression that they had a good time working together which is fairly important in a movie like this. needless to say all does not go as planned in this movie, both plot-wise and humor-wise, but it made me check out the special features and consider watching the original, so i consider it a success! rent this one for a good time, maybe grab a few friends and a pizza. you'll have a good time.***7/10***on a side note, the soundtrack is spectacular. it's great to hear the far under appreciated paolo conte used, and it left me humming snippets of the score long after the credits rolled.

having the opportunity to watch some of the filming in the slavic village-broadway area i couldn't wait to see it's final copy.viewing this film at the cleveland premier last friday, i haven't laughed out loud at a comedy in a long time! it is great slapstick. the russo brothers did a fine job directing. the entire cast performs their best comedic acting... no slow or dry segments... george clooney is one of my favorite actors and he's great as the crippled safe breaker in this flick. i was most imprest by william h. macy as crook "riley" and michael jeter's as "toto" they keep you in "stitches". i believe they have the funniest roles in the entire movie.

the main reason i wanted to see this movie was because of the wonderful cast. a ton of my favorite actors in one movie equals amazing with out actually seeing it. but this movie caught me off guard. it wasn't what i was expecting at all. it's been a while since i've seen it but i do remember i could not stop laughing!!! and it wasn't just the cast that did it for me. the script was amazingly written. every time you were expecting something to happen it didn't happen. there were so many twists and turns but it fit with the whole tone of the movie instead of coming off as pretentious. the cinematography, along with the set, was absolutely beautiful as well. i really can't say anything bad about this movie! expcept, i would have andrew davoli a little more screen time!

cosimo (luis guzman) ends up in prison for car burglary and there he's given the plan for the perfect heist from a lifer in prison; so he has to get out of jail, fast. he tells his girlfriend rosalind (patricia clarkson) to find a man who will do his time in prison for some money. but no one wants to do the time for cosimo's crime and yet everybody seems to know a guy who will do that. soon bad boxer pero mahalovic (sam rockwell) founds out the details of this so called "perfect job".first of all, i think this movie was very funny and from my point of view i would recommend it to everyone. this movie is remake of italian comedy "i soliti ignoti". i didn't watch the italian original so i cannot judge or compare those two movies. but "welcome to collinwood" is great comedy for itself, about four people trying to rob the money from the vault in one house. everyone gave their part of brilliance from this movie cast. really excellent movie for these actors: sam rockwell, william h. macy (great), isaiah washington, michael jeter (great), luis guzmán, patricia clarkson, jennifer esposito and finally george clooney gave their share in this project. maybe to say that this movie is only comedy, isn't fair. this is more then that. because of one difference. all of thieves in this movie have very small wishes when they are asked: what will they do with their money? it is mostly securing their future in very humble way. this fact goes beyond comedy into the soul of that criminals. and not only them but also cop babitch, who is presented like corrupted one; so here directors russo presents us fact that criminals and cop are the same. actually all in collinwood are; and not only in collinwood, cause all people chase money, on legal or illegal way. i don't like all movies were audience eventually likes and cheers for thieves. but, this one is exception. you have to love them all. riley with his little baby and wife in jail. toto with his pants. cosimo with his line: "your mother's a whore!" and all others. they are just like characters in my favorite comic, alan ford. they all trying to make some money, but simply they are out of luck. but they all did one good deed: they gave money to riley, so he can get his wife out of prison. they are all heroes in my eyes, cause lots of "honest" people wouldn't do that.

this movie was recommended to me by a friend. i never saw an ad or a trailer, so i didn't know clooney was in it and was not bothered by the fact that his role was so small. i thought the whole cast was suitable, and found the film pretty enjoyable, all in all. the opening scene, with the small crew of bandits standing at the side of the road, looking whipped and haggard, caught my attention immediately. it had a way of telling you, "don't go away; this won't be boring", and it really wasn't. it turned out to be an interesting, light-hearted comedy with enough twists and turns to keep you in your seat to the very end, but when the ending did arrive, i felt a little bit cheated....just a little bit. the events kept building up so that you expect them to continue building, but at a point that i can't define, it sort of levels out, making the ending a slight disappointment. i reckon i expected a bigger bang of a climax, but it turned out sort of low-key. if you watch the movie with that in mind and you can live without high dosages of george clooney, you should find this flick very entertaining and well worth watching. now i'd like to see the original (big deal on madonna street), but it's probably a rare find in the united states.

"welcome to collingwood" offers some of the most hilarious dialog in recent memory. watching this comedy directed by the brothers anthony and joe russo reminded us of maybe another film we had seen in the past, but since we missed the opening credits, we had to wait until the end to discover that what we were reminded of, was the 1958 italian film "big deal on madonna street", directed by mario monicelli.the russo brothers put together a magnificent cast to portray all the characters in the film. anything with william h. macy, luis guzman, sam rockwell, patricia clarkson, the late michael jeter, in it, can't be bad. since this is an ensemble piece all characters get an opportunity in which to shine.the film presents us a group of inane would-be safe crackers from hell. no one could think these men could carry on a job like the one they undertake. whatever could go wrong, and more, is what they succeed in doing. george clooney makes a small appearance as the master safe cracker who is also seen impersonating a rabbi, only to be confused with a priest by the gang members coming out of cossimo's funeral.the best way to enjoy the movie is to sit back and relax, and let all these small time crooks do their thing. let their funny lines make you laugh, as anyone can see this gang is doomed from beginning to end!

these guys are anything but the usual suspects! they are a total bunch of likeable oddballs who you want to see get away with it,but they are so hapless that there is very little chance of that.no one is better than william h macy at portraying the man with a big heart but down on his luck.this is probably his best performance since fargo.sam rockwell played the meathead boxer to perfection,and the rest of the gang were uniformly good also.luis guzman brought some great comic relief as cosimo,and george clooney stole every scene in his cameo role.the heist scene at the end was absolutely hilarious.the direction was also spot on by the russo brothers.there was certainly a coen brothers feel to the film throughout and it will be interesting to see how they will develop their careers.they have a long way to go to match the coen's but this is an excellent start and i look forward to their next celluloid outing. ......."yo mutha's a whore"!

this is paul f. ryan's first and only full-length feature. he hasn't done anything since. however, he managed to get an amazing ensemble cast to portray the characters of his story. i don't know when or why the idea emerged in his head, but ryan wrote a screenplay which later became his own directed movie, "home room".busy philipps carries the movie on her shoulders as alicia, a troubled girl; the ones we always see in television series. with dark hair and black clothes; a package of cigarettes in the pocket, weird look and disturbing eyes (with makeup, of course). an event has occurred at her school; a shooting. some students have died, and she saw everything. now detective martin van zandt (victor garber) is investigating the case, and, as expected, alicia is a suspect. but the shooting is just the genesis; the movie is not about the shooting.lying in bed in a hospital room is deanna cartwright (erika christensen). she is one of the survivors of the hospital. the script establishes a bond between them, by the school principal (james pickens jr). he is helping all the students to recover from the event, but alicia doesn't seem to care. she's isolated. so the principal punishes her; she needs to visit deanna every day until five o' clock. then the movie starts.i can't even describe how wonderfully written i think the movie is. i can identify with the characters and the situations they live; i like reality. these things could happen to anyone. and the things they say are totally understandable. they're growing up and trying to deal with things they haven't experienced; they're doing their best. without knowing it, alicia (when she visits deanna for the first time) and deanna (when she sees alicia standing in front of her) are commencing a journey of that will define their personalities and ideas for the next step in life; after high school.the director leads christensen and philipps through their roles very well. look the contrast between them. deanna seems naive and with plain thoughts; no complexity inside of her mind. when alicia enters her room and sees tons of flowers she asks: "who has brought them?". "many people", deanna answers; although some days later we learn they're from her parents, who come every week. the parental figures are all well represented, but are not as important as their sons' characters. deanna is lonely. alicia seems mature and violent; smoking cigarettes and talking roughly. but after two days of visiting, she finds herself coming back to the hospital every day; even sleeping in deanna's room all night. when they both have a fight afterwards, i believe deanna says: "why do you keep coming back?". alicia is lonely too.the ending of the movie, without ruining it, comes a bit disappointing; it's something i wasn't waiting for. it eliminates some of the strength the movie has. the revelation comes totally unnecessary; ruining the logical climax the movie could have had. it was an excellent script anyway; and an excellent direction. a damn fine movie.when it comes to erika christensen, this was the role she needed to fly higher. her role in "traffic" was impressing, but this was the big step; the main role. maybe not many had the chance to see her in this film, and that's a pity. she hasn't made one false move since then. she has even come out with good performances in awful movies. on the other hand, busy philipps, who proved to be very promising in this movie (what a transformation), hasn't got many opportunities for other roles.the same i say about paul f. ryan (in directing, of curse), and i expect he is sitting now in his computer finishing his new script; i'm waiting for his next movie. i'm hoping the best for all of them.

thanks to a smart script and a steady hand from writer/director kevin meyer, "perfect alibi" is an entertaining and very likable mystery thriller. the movie starts methodically and builds up steam as the clues begin to reveal that nothing is what it seems to be. teri garr and hector elizondo are terrific as they team up to unravel the mystery, reminding me of nick and nora charles, from the "thin man" movies. kathleen quinlan is excellent as alex mcarthur's tormented wife and the character roles, played by veteran actors charles martin smith, bruce mcgill, anne ramsey and estelle harris are well done and provide plenty of light moments at just the right time. there's even a cameo by rex linn. in all, i felt like i was reading a good book by the fire.

one of the finest pieces of television drama of the last decade. throughout the five hours, ones perceptions and sympathies are constantly challenged as it explores many facets of modern day british society. david morrisey is, as usual, brilliant. at first coming across as a heavy handed copper in conflict with the heroine, but then proving to be intelligent and caring, as he works with her in uncovering the truth. i have never seen surrane jones before. i believe she comes from the world of television soaps. her performance was magnificent, as she maintains her humour and composure whilst trying to balance the demands of the case and the stress of caring for her mother. i could go on and talk about every member of the cast who contributes to this magnificent drama, but their efforts would mean little without such an absorbing script that constantly challenges your assumptions about any of the characters. it is programmes like this that restore one's faith in television drama, whilst at the same time making it almost impossible to settle for most of the garbage that is increasingly filling the airwaves.

this is a very engrossing bbc-tv mini-series which is loosely based upon a mysterious disappearance of a young mother, but the series is really more of a study of the assorted characters in the story, which lasts for five hours. it is thus very much an ensemble piece, where the wide variety of brilliant british actors and actresses can show off their talents. the actual characters portrayed are really 'the kind of people one does not normally meet', people so boring and nondescript that it is difficult to admire them. for instance, the lead character is a young husband (the one whose wife disappears) who has no job and no apparent interest in finding any. he lives off handouts from his parents-in-law. he was once in the army but does not appear to have the slightest flicker of any ambition or any interests in life apart from doting on his small family. he is played by david oyelowo, who is brilliant at the part, coming across as a totally sympathetic person, although his only activities for five hours are loving and grieving, which he does superbly, so that one wants to comfort him, as he is so obviously a nice guy. the standout performance of the whole series is unquestionably penelope wilton, who acts circles round everyone else in the story. she is simply incredible. she portrays a very unsympathetic woman, indeed the only character in the story who is all too familiar to everyone, namely an irrational, hysterical, self-centred, dense, querulous, blindly loving and blindly hating, elderly idiot-woman. alas, alas, we know them too well. wilton is one of britain's finest actresses (see my review of her in 'half broken things'). she takes a character who could have been two-dimensional and makes her four-dimensional. she is wonderfully supported by old pro patrick malahide, who plays her exasperated husband, and the pair of them set a high standard indeed for all the younger players. janet mcteer, a spectacular actress when younger, has become a much less sympathetic type of person now that she is older, has coarsened in some way, and puts one off, but she redeems herself in the latter stages of the story by showing how brilliant an actress she can be when she has a chance by pulling off one of the most convincing and original drunk scenes i have ever seen on film. the big surprise is the enigmatic character sarah, played with great depth and originality by actress sarah smart. she takes a character who could have been insufferably tedious and by sheer acting magic turns her into a deeply mysterious and intriguing person, about whom we wonder tirelessly for the entire five hours. she is so good at it that we end up wondering about sarah smart, frankly. i guess that's what happens when you really do your job properly, that people wonder where the character ends and the actress begins, if she knows herself, that is, and many do not. she has some deeply unnerving tricks with her eyes, which wobble and let us know she is unhinged, but we are not sure how or why, though we eventually learn that she had an extremely violent and traumatic childhood. her mastery of ambiguous facial expressions is extraordinary. rory kinnear is amazingly convincing as an apparently hopeless fellow who lives with his mum and isn't up to much, but who turns out to have hidden depths. (i suppose most people have hidden depths, but do we want to plumb them, that is the question.) his mum is played very well indeed by margot leicester. a superb performance is given by lucinda dryzek, who plays a snotty, revolting teenage girl of the sort we all dread to meet, but who at crucial moments collapses in helpless tears and turns out to be pathetic, with all her arrogance just a pose. three other children are also very good, lucinda's friend, and her younger half-brother and half-sister. the younger siblings may be very dim indeed as characters in the story (they seem unable to say anything particularly articulate, being hopeless witnesses to the disappearance), with little to recommend them but their sweet natures, but that is conveyed to wonderful effect by lee massey as the boy and tyler anthony as the girl. harriet walter has a small role, but we do not get to see much of her, which is a shame, as she is such a fine actress that she was wasted here. one could go on, but one must draw a line somewhere. the series manages to be strangely fascinating because of the depth of portrayal of all these essentially uninteresting people caught up in a web of intense anxiety and suspense.

i totally got drawn into this and couldn't wait for each episode. the acting brought to life how emotional a missing person in the family must be , together with the effects it would have on those closest. the only problem we as a family had was how quickly it was all 'explained' at the end. we couldn't hear clearly what was said and have no idea what gary's part in the whole thing was? why did kyle phone him and why did he go along with it? having invested in a series for five hours we felt cheated that only five minutes was kept back for the conclusion. i have asked around and none of my friends who watched it were any the wiser either. very strange but maybe we missed something crucial ????

it's only 2 episodes into a 5 part drama, but i can already state that this is one of the best things i've ever seen. that's on tv, silver screen or even in real life.as a writer, it's so good it's almost demoralising! as a viewer it's so entertaining that i'm annoyed the episodes are over a fortnight instead of monday to friday. it's clear that all these negatives are actually positives.i'm a modern guy who previously turned over from tv dramas. in comparison to movies, tv dramas always seemed to be dated, quite tame, and well, generally boring! "five days" has really brought tv drama into the 21st century, so for me at least, it's mind changing. go watch it.

a number of posters have commented on the unsatisfactory conclusion. this is always a problem with long, complex dramas. crime is essentially banal, so the pay off is always anti-climactic, whilst detailed exposition detracts from the human drama. the writer has used a number of clever devices to try and get round this, but has not been entirely successful. answers to precisely what happened and why may have been supplied, but if so they are well buried. the viewer inevitably feels a little cheated.but in a sense this is unimportant. the drama was never about the crime, or even the investigation, it was about the impact of events on the lives of those involved; the family, the investigators, the witnesses, the press. and as such it was gripping. the writing was a significant cut above the run of the mill for prime-time drama, and the performances uniformly good. in an ensemble piece it is invidious to focus on individuals, but penelope wilton deserves special mention for an extraordinary tour de force as the mother-wife-daughter, and janet mcteer was in cracking form as a hard-bitten old cop.one of the most interesting aspects of the drama is the handling of race, as the elephant in the room that no-one is prepared to mention. subtle, powerful stuff.

'five days' is billed as something special, a crime drama that consists of a series of episodes, each set on one particular day of a police enquiry. but in fact, this element of the story turns out to be rather less significant than might at first be thought, as the fact that the action in each episode is confined to 24 hours is hardly noticeable, and very little distinguishes the program from countless other crime stories. in fact one almost can't help drawing comparisons to the last 'prime suspect', as one of the sub-plots focuses on a single, cynical female cop approaching retirement: and it's not just the absence of helen mirren that makes the comparisons unfavourable. there's a lot of earnest over-emoting, manipulative music and a set of characters seemingly contrived so that each one is in some sense sympathetic, in another suspicious. and it's possible to guess the guilty party well before the end, not because of the internal dynamic of the story, but rather because of the construction of the drama as a whole: certain things must be true, to justify the way that the series focuses on certain characters at certain times. in spite of these failings, the series grew on me: by the end, i was quite gripped. but it's a sad sign that the bbc, which once made the likes of 'the singing detective', boasted of this of "possibly the best drama of the year": for there's little true originality on offer here, and the claim reveals a lack of ambition that is dreadfully disappointing. 'five days' is in fact not rubbish; but it is formulaic, and one would hope that the very best the bbc had to offer would be something a little more innovative and fresh.

this film isn't just about a school shooting, in fact its never even seen. but that just adds to the power this film has. its about people and how they deal with tragedy. i know it was shown to the students who survived the columbine shooting and it provided a sense of closure for a lot of them. the acting is superb. all three main actors (busy phillips, erika christensen and victor garber) are excellent in their roles...i highly recommend this film to anyone. its one of those films that makes you talk about it after you see it. it provokes discussion of not only school shootings but of human emotions and reactions to all forms of tragedy. it is a tear-jerker but it is well worth it and one i will watch time and time again

i was forced to see this because a) i have an 11 year-old girl and b) we had shown her the bonita granville nacy drew movies from the 1930s, which she thoroughly enjoyed. personally, i didn't think it was as humorous as the 1930s flicks, but on the other hand, it wasn't the nauseating piece of intelligence-insulting fluff i feared it would be. it was an inoffensive, mildly entertaining movie. although i'm pleased that they didn't try to "upgrade" nancy to 21st century "hipness" (veronica mars holds the title as the modern nancy drew), i do think that they made her a little too bland, that they didn't do enough to develop nancy drew - the movie could have been titled "jane doe, girl detective". i have to blame the script: i think each actor did a good job with what they had to work with. i liked emma roberts in this role, but they gave her a made-for-tv, not theatrical release, script...

i last read a nancy drew book about 20 years ago, so much of my memory of the fictional character is probably faulty. from what i gathered, the books were introduced to me at an era when teenage sleuths were popular to children growing up at the time (for my case, the 80s and early 90s), with hardy boys, famous five, and of course, "carolyn keene"'s nancy drew amongst the more famous ones. i still remember those hardcover books with very dated cover illustrations, usually quite heavy (for a kid) to lug around, and the thickness of the book perhaps attributed to the fact that the words are printed in large fonts.well, the character has been given some updates along the way, as i recall my sister's subsequent nancy drew books becoming less thick, of softcover, with updated and a more chic nancy illustrated on the cover. i can't remember if those stories were the same as the old hardcover ones, but i guess these books, being ghostwritten, have their fair share of updating itself for the times.in this warner brothers release of nancy drew, the character no doubt gets its update to suit the times, but somehow the writers andrew fleming and tiffany paulsen maintained her 50s- ish small town sensibilities, thereby retaining some charm and flavour that erm, folks like me, would appreciate. her fashion sense, her prim and properness, even some quirky little behaviour traits that makes her, well, nancy drew.her family background remains more or less the same, living with her single parent father carson drew (tate donovan), who is moving his daughter and himself to the big city for a better job opportunity, and to wean his daughter off sleuthing in the town of river heights. mom is but a distant memory, and the housemaid makes a cameo. but what made nancy drew work, is the casting of emma roberts in the lead role. niece of her famous aunt julia, she too possess that sprightly demeanour, that unmistakable red hair and that megawatt smile. her nancy drew, while in the beginning does seem to rub you the wrong way, actually will grow on you. and in almost what i thought could be a discarded scene from pretty woman, it had the characters walk into a classy shop with almost opposite reactions.while dad carson drew tries hard to bring nancy out of her sleuthing environment and to assimilate into normal teenage life, trust nancy to find themselves living in a house whose owner, a hollywood type has been, was found murdered under suspicious circumstances. mystery solving is her comfort food when she finds herself an outcast of the local fraternity, and not before long we're whisked off along with her on her big screen adventure.there's nothing too black dahlia about the crime and mystery, and instead it's a pretty straightforward piece for nancy to solve, in between befriending corky (josh flitter) a chubby friend from school, and pacifying jealous boyfriend ned (max thieriot), while hiding the truth of her extra curriculum activities from her dad. the story's laced with cheesy fun and an oldie sentimentality which charms, and together, it becomes somewhat scooby-doo like. with minimal violence and no big bag gunfights or explosions, this is seriously a genre which is labelled clearly with "chick flick" alert.i guess the movie will generate a new generation of fans, rekindle the memories of old ones, and probably, just probably, might spark a new fashion trend of sporting penny loafers.

i really liked this movie...it was cute. i enjoyed it, but if you didn't, that is your fault. emma roberts played a good nancy drew, even though she isn't quite like the books. the old fashion outfits are weird when you see them in modern times, but she looks good on them. to me, the rich girls didn't have outfits that made them look rich. i mean, it looks like they got all the clothes -blindfolded- at a garage sale and just decided to put it on all together. all of the outfits were tacky, especially when they wore the penny loafers with their regular outfits. i do not want to make the movie look bad, because it definitely wasn't! just go to the theater and watch it!!! you will enjoy it!

i think part of the reason this movie was made...and is aimed at us gamers who actually play all the nancy drew pc games. there's been a lot of movies lately based on video games, and i think this in one of them.so this movie does not follow any book. but it does follow parts of the games. i buy and play every nancy drew games as soon as it comes out. and the games are from herinteractive and are for "girls who aren't afraid of a mouse!" and some of these games actually won parents' choice gold awards. they are not only fun but you can actually learn a thing or two while playing.i took two of my step children with me to go see it and they loved it! the 10 yr. old had started playing her first nancy drew game a day before i took her to see the movie, and she was having so much fun playing the game i thought she would enjoy the movie as well. and i was right...she not only loved this movie but couldn't wait to get home to finish her first game and start another one.my other step daughter is only 7 and she also loved the movie but she is still a little to young too play the games yet, but she enjoys watching her sister play at times just to see what's going on.the games are based for children 10 yrs and older. all the games usually get pretty descent reviews and are classified as adventure games. for more information on the games just check out herinterative nancy drew games. so personally i thought the movie was pretty good and i will buy it when it comes out on dvd.

i have to say that this was not very exciting but talk about fashion and weird ways to solve a mystery. a little too simple, nancy drew (emma roberts) uses imdb... that's fantastic! i really liked about that part of the movie...corky (josh flitter) is however extremely hilarious... and ned nickerson (max thieriot) seemed really hopeless... he should have been more angry with her for how she has treated him...alright, this movie is tour and fashion in disguise. anyhow, i recommend this movie, just for summer fun. encore nancy, just for fun. more teen spy movies by emma roberts.. spymate... remember? she's becoming good at this tricky detective work.

i had heard this movie was good from a lot of my friends that saw it, and they all said it was amazing, so i had very high expectations- and nancy drew exceeded those high expectations! it had funny parts, it kept me entertained with the action and all the dudes trying to kill her, and emma roberts was amazing as nancy drew. the rest of the cast was very good, also. i would definitely recommend this movie!! nancy: "i wonder why those guys were trying to kill us?!" corky: "yeah, i was wondering that too. actually, it's kinda creeping me out!"nancy: "i hate when people try to kill me. it's so rude!"~nancy drew

this was a great movie! even though there was only about 15 people including myself there it was great! my friend and i laughed a lot. my mom even enjoyed it. there was two middle aged women there and a mid 20 year old there and they seemed to enjoy it. i love the part where corky and ned are like both liking nancy and stuff its cute lol. and when she gets her roadster and ned is there. yeah this was a great movie even thought people underestimated it lol. go see it i bet you'll enjoy it!! i really enjoyed it and so did my friend. people were so tough on this movie and they hadn't even seen it. i bet next time they will give the movie and actresses a chance. they all did a great job in my opinion. but if you have young kids its still appropriate. i will probably take my 7 year old niece to watch it too.

let's face it; nancy drew was never great literature. it is in the same category as babysitter club, magic tree house, goosebumps, abc mysteries. in fact, it was one of the original formula stories. nancy is perfect, pretty, thoughtful, "nice", has no internal conflicts ever! and never changes. ned is pretty much the same. the movie was true to that style and i have to say, i liked it. it will never be a great movie, but it had a that same nostalgic flavor that the books held. it had just the right amount of suspense for my children (8 and 10.) there was almost no offensive language. i liked the push for more conservative dress.corky was a bit of an annoyance. he was a little out of place on a high school campus. i never quite got why he was there in the first place.

the kids i took to this movie loved it (four children, ages 9 to 12 years; they would have given it 10 stars). emma roberts was adorable in the title role. (expect to see more of this next-generation roberts in the future.) after being over exposed to the likes of britney spears, lindsay lohan, and paris hilton, it was refreshing to see a girl who didn't look like she worked the streets. also enjoyed seeing a supporting cast that included tate donovan, rachel leigh cook, barry bostwick, and monica parker (with a cameo by bruce willis). final takeaway: cute film.(note: i did not read the book series, so my comments are based on the merits of the film alone.)

i really enjoyed this movie. it succeeded in doing something that few movies do now; it provided family values while entertaining me. nancy drew is a heroine for all generations and a role model for young girls to look up to. the little girls i was with throughly enjoyed the movie and kept talking about nancy as we walked out of the theater. the movie has relatively few problems for families and i don't think parents will get bored sitting in the theater. no, it won't win an oscar and it did not showcase magnificent special effects or even provide a horribly spooky mystery, but it entertained me and it stood true to the the spirit of the books. i would definitely recommend this movie to anybody with a young girl (she will love it!) or any fan of the books. you will not be disappointed.

if my expectations weren't exceeded, they were certainly met. "nancy drew" works both as a mystery and a comedy. it pays homage to the books it was based on and spoofs them at the same time. the movie starts with a close-up on a book shelf and an animated credit sequence resembling illustrations from the books. it then begins lampooning the books immediately. writer/director andrew fleming seems to realize the idea of a teenage girl regularly breaking up crime rings in a small town is ridiculous, so he doesn't treat the idea religiously. he pokes fun at nancy drew's ability to do anything, such as ace every class in school, know which baked treat is perfect for converting any enemy to her side, make a bird house with twelve flying buttresses, and even perform an emergency tracheotomy at a party. nancy'd always be in perfect style, if she were living in the wholesome 1950's instead of present day l.a. and she carries around a "sleuth kit" complete with fingerprinting dust, flashlight, compass, and magnifying glass. preposterous, of course, but i seem to remember the hardy boys' access at any given moment to csi equipment being a little too convenient as well. and if the perky pipsqueak private eye is a little younger than her literary counterpart, it's just more comedic exaggeration on the movie's part.the mystery of the movie is handled more seriously. nancy and her lawyer father move from their small town to los angeles, where nancy digs into a cold case involving the murder of a hollywood movie star who lived in her new house decades ago. nancy searches for clues in some pretty practical ways, such as surfing websites like google and this one and watching old videotapes of the victim's movies. when she does something more out of the ordinary, you have to admire the girl's resourcefulness. emma roberts, an undeniably cute kid, plays the pint-sized amateur sleuth beautifully. she makes the too-perfect girl completely lovable, if not completely realistic. tate donovan is also great as the too-perfect girl's father, carson drew. he's an ideal father figure without being unrealistically perfect, and he shows reasonable concern for his daughter as she gets into danger. less likable is max thierot's take on ned nickerson, nancy's boyfriend. i much preferred george o'hanlon jr.'s portrayal in the 1970's tv series starring pamela sue martin as nancy drew, in which ned was a gawky, awkward kid with a little crush on nancy. the character of corky (josh flitty), a twelve-year old with a crush on nancy, is much less annoying than max thierot's ned. amy bruckner and kay panabaker seem appropriately cast as nancy's gal pals bess and george, but they only make brief cameos at the beginning of the film.speaking of cameos, chris kattan (snl), eddie jemison ("ocean's 13"), and bruce willis all make surprise guest appearances, which just proves you never can guess which movie bruce willis will pop up in next.the movie does fail to live up to some potential. it's mentioned early on that the drews' new house is heavily booby-trapped, but nancy and her father are done with tripping over booby traps a few minutes after that. also, nancy describes the cold case she's about to investigate as a murder taking place at an extravagant party, which should yield plenty of potential murderers, but she only encounter a handful of suspects. and while there's some moments of real suspense during nancy's adventures, the solution to the case comes out of nowhere, and in the end all possible plot threads are tied up too conveniently and who-cares-who-done-it. ralph sall's score adds to the movie's suspense, but the contemporary teenybopper songs woven into the soundtrack are lame. still, i really enjoyed this film, and while the movie is aimed primarily at tween girls, people of any age and gender can enjoy it.

to be honest, i had to go see this movie backwards, didn't expect that much, but hey, i was not deceived, i had a good time.i would say this movie is way a fresh breeze, despite some facts that they tried to modernize nancy drew, but this made me remember these youth movies of the 60-70s from europe and quebec, where they manage to have children getting interacting with adults. in this case, a 16 year-old teenager tries to do justice by trying to solve a mystery concerning the death of an actress who died 25 years ago. anyway, as her dad had business in hollywood, why not rent a home with a mystery behind doors ? well, at least emma roberts does a great job here. kinda like the chubby kid, who at first is naively brought to support his sister's pranks to nancy, but at the end, found nancy quite cool enough to stick with her, even with her matters...rest of the supporting cast is great, and was happy to see rachael leigh cook in a different role this time: a single mother (she did it in family rescue, but this time, she plays a mature woman...) anyway, don't dump this, it is fun !

as a grownup in my mid-40s, i am not even close to any of "nancy drew"'s key demographics, but i was pleasantly surprised by the film this afternoon; so, i could tell, were the pair of sixtyish silver-haired ladies down the row from me. the older man who left the theater just ahead of me specifically praised the film to the 20-ish female usher (who said she'd seen the film the previous evening and quite liked it).more to the point, however: in the row just ahead of me, there were nine -- count them, nine -- ten-year-old girls lined up next to each other, passing popcorn and hot dogs and candy back and forth and giggling through the previews.once the film began, they promptly settled down to watch........and didn't so much as peep till the closing credits began to roll.this is not a perfect film; it doesn't quite pay off its high school subplots, it's not quite confident enough of its own tone, and its thugs are just a hair too far over toward critically inept at times. but the adaptation of the source material is essentially respectful, the plot hangs together fairly well, and it treads deftly between the sins of excessive cheesiness and excessive modernization. last but not least, emma roberts carries the movie with startling grace -- josh flitter's superb timing notwithstanding, this is roberts' movie, and she pulls it off beautifully. her nancy drew is very much the direct ancestor of kristen bell's veronica mars, and the film is also a lineal descendant of jodie foster's early and underrated "candleshoe".in today's marketplace, it's a rarity: a family movie that respects its viewers' intelligence. as such, it won't be to everyone's taste -- but for what it is, it is the best movie of its kind in decades.

although well past the target audience, i've always had a soft spot for ya fiction, so, i was naturally intrigued by the return of nancy drew to the screen.this is not a bad film. the central mystery involving a long dead actress is presented in straightforward simplistic terms with dashes of jeopardy for the young sleuth. nancy and her friends never take the threats seriously, so young audience members will not be upset.what i really appreciated from the story was the final results were rather serious and meaningful and nancy seemed to understand and grow from the experience.emma roberts is great as nancy drew and hopefully we'll see her again in another mystery.

i read all of nancy drew as a preteen and collect the books as a grown-up. i loved the effect used at the end (and a little bit at the beginning) of the movie where line drawings in the style of the books morphed into scenes from the movie. it was a neat way of pointing out connections between situations in the movie and the books. for example, the scenes with the oriental antiques dealer were very reminiscent of many scenarios i remember from the books. i thought ned was perfectly cast, and emma roberts was a wonderful 21st century interpretation of nancy drew. (just like the picture of betty crocker, she keeps up with the times!)

i really liked this movie! even though it wasn't anything like any of the books it still the that classic nancy drew style. i had been seeing a lot of advertisements for this movie and since i was really into the nancy drew books i had really high expectations for this movie and they most definitely met those expectations. pretty much all of the characters were exactly how i pictured them from reading the books. i am really happy that i saw this movie. all of the actors and actresses really acted like they acted like in the book series. ever since i saw this movie i have wanted to read every single nancy drew book there is out there. all of the actors and actresses really got into their characters and it definitely showed when the aired this movie on the big screen. it definitely seemed like all of the actors and actresses were really in the positions that the characters were in i most definitely give this movie a 10 out of 10.

i really enjoyed this movie. most of the reviews have been bad, but most critics think a movie should be like an idea drama. this movie has a little bit of drama, but the rest is just clean fun and very entertaining. forget about julia roberts being a pretty woman, emma roberts is a beautiful young lady and there is more to her than just that. emma was so much fun to watch in the role of nancy drew. it is good to see a new face. i believe she will go far.nancy drew may not be based upon the books, but the story is still good. there is also a good blend of other character actors and supporting actors like pat carroll, barry bostwick, rachel leigh cook and chris kattan - not credited. i'm surprised disney did not release this movie. some people may not like this movie because it does not contain sex, violence, and cursing. this is a good family film which is rare in this day in time. so take your family, see this movie and judge for your self how good it is. i can't wait for the sequel.

i'm probably one of the biggest nancy drew fans out there. i've read every book three times over and i've played a lot of the nancy drew games. i loved this movie. it kept you entertained the whole time you watched it. i went with about 10 of my friends and everyone loved it. there were three woman sitting behind us who appeared to be in their late 30's to early 40's and i asked them how they liked it, they said they loved it! so you see it will be an entertainment to all ages. you just have to give it a chance. and it teaches a lesson too, just be yourself even if everyone around you is exactly alike. so overall, this move was great. i'm going to see it a second time now! so stop bashing it please. its a really good movie!

i took my 10-year-old daughter to see nancy drew over the weekend and found myself thoroughly entertained. first off, it was clean, and i mean by my standards. the majority of kids' movies today are full of crude toilet humor and gross-out jokes to elicit cheap laughter from the pre-teen crowd. nancy drew is smarter than that, however, and the humor is subtle and clever.the title role is played with a refreshing vivaciousness by emma roberts, who is perky and polite without ever becoming annoying. unlike the brady bunch movie, where the anachronistic characters are jeered and ridiculed, nancy's style is treated with respect and dignity. it's a great moment when the la "style-conscious" girls with their paris hilton streetwalker attire are dismissed by the boutique owner, while nancy, in her penny loafers and homemade butterick pattern dress, is embraced. this movie shuns the we-need-to-enlighten-this-wholesome-girl tack so many hollywood movies take. nancy remains true to herself and her values throughout.the mystery is just tense enough at times to be engaging. there were several suspenseful moments where my daughter nervously grabbed my arm, but there were no gratuitous shock scenes. it's all based on tension and mood and is a lot of fun. the supporting cast is good, particularly marshall bell as the creepy caretaker. there are some great cameos by eddie jemison, chris kattan and bruce willis and many moments that will make adults smile.this film deserves better ratings than some have given it. not only was i glad not to be dragged to yet another computer animated film where talking animals burp and pass gas all over the place, but i was also very entertained. had i been there without a child, i still would've enjoyed the movie. this is one dvd that will have my daughter's name on it under the christmas tree.

this is one great movie! i have played all the nancy drew games and have read the books, and i never expected the movie to be so exciting and funny! if you never heard of nancy drew, read the first book (secret of the old clock) so you can kinda' get used to nancy, then you can watch the movie, because in the movie, they don't really introduce the characters' names fast. ;) my whole family enjoyed it and the plot was extremely interesting. this is an ultimate come-back from the previous nancy drew movies, which the nancy drew actor didn't seem to match. this movie is much like alex rider: stormbreaker. it's so cool! nancy drew lovers, you must watch this!

taking old collection of stories poses a challenge for the production team, how can this classic character be brought up to date and make it interesting enough to capture a new audience while stirring memories from her former audience. in my opinion, their mission was accomplished. a must see for young children, pre-teens, teens, and their parents. ok there are a couple scary moments that are resolved in short order, but parents with young children should sit tight, the movie moves on to better things. i am going to go with those astute user reviewers who point out that emma roberts provides us with a positive role model for young women, not syrupy about it either. nancy balances her femininity with career minded sleuthing skills. a lot to like in here, laughs, doesn't take itself too seriously, a real mystery to solve (one you can figure out yourself as an added bonus, and likable characters. nancy drew even makes a good date movie in my opinion.

look, if i were interested in a nancy drew book, what i would do is pick up a book and read it. i'm not. ever since i can remember i read people trashing movies because it wasn't like the book. i'm sorry - in the digital age we can no longer watch movies on flip books, however i'm sure you can still find a few short silent films in book form. when lord of the rings came out, people complained. when the third one won an oscar - "the book was better." when i watched to kill a mockingbird, "the book was better." now a bunch of people are upset, yet again, because nancy drew wasn't like the book. i'm not saying nancy drew is going to win any oscars - if anything it'll be one of those nickelodeon blimps or kids choice awards. i'm saying give film a break. it's film, not paper. as a movie, i found nancy drew quite enjoyable - featuring cameos from bruce willis and adam goldberg (the hebrew hammer) and supporting roles featuring tate donovan (jimmy cooper on the o.c.) and rachel leigh cook (she's all that). this is the first time i've seen emma roberts in a movie and, frankly, i enjoy her work more than most of julia and of eric's; her character stays consistent throughout the film and reacts well with conflict. a lighthearted movie in the spirit of harriet the spy is nice now and again.i give it ten stars because i thoroughly enjoyed the movie, would love to see it again, and will probably buy it upon dvd release.

i came to nancy drew expecting the worst...because of everyone else's bad reviews. i thought: even though i don't read the books, that doesn't look anything like the nancy drew i've heard of. but i was wrong. sure, it wasn't a carbon copy of the books, but when you make a movie out of something, you have to modify it to become big-screen entertainment. the plot was enjoyable and thrilling with a lot of actual scares and i thought that emma roberts was really believable in her own way of portraying this classic character. there were several funny moments and on the contrary of many statements, at no point in this film does nancy come off as a ditz. she was intelligent, conservative, polite and genuine. one thing this movie also did well was balance the whole thing out with a mix of comedy, romance, suspense and heartfelt moments. i loved this movie. what a flick, what a flick! and if you are wise and decide to trust me and go see this, be prepared for some scary as heck moments because i was, like, freaking out! go see it or be a bum-bum and just let other people decide what you think of this movie for you...a mistake i almost made. i love it, i wanna own this movie! i love emma roberts now, too. she's like a mini-bree van de kamp from dh. love it, love it.

usually i don't really like emma roberts so much, but after watching nancy drew it kind of changed my mind. the actors in the movies made the whole thing exciting and funny. most of the time when you watch a mystery movie you can solve it before the middle of the show, but in this movie it's like you are actually there. the clues have to all fit together until you can finally understand the whole crime. i am still amazed how she found it out. the whole movie was really clever and the people who watched it with me loved the movie too. the clothes were my favorite part of the movie, it was so cute. i don't think there will be another movie like this until the sequel comes out. i give it a nine because the popular girls didn't really seem to have the part just right, but they still make me laugh. it was a really great movie and a great mystery. i definitely recommend watching it.

it's a refreshing breath of air when a movie actually gives you a story line with a beginning, a middle, and a end, a nice, clever mystery, with an appealing heroine for all ages, who wins us over with her wit and charm. andrew fleming's film is indeed a modern marvel, a comeback to the good old reliable storytelling that was the norm in hollywood. he puts away the over-reliance on special effects that now passes for entertainment and gives us a terrific film, with a very capable young actress, and a talented supporting cast.the film is based on the old books, but it has been given updated enough to put in this century; however, the props might be different, the heart still is a good mystery, and there is clever one here, one that ties the traditions of the old and the nuances of contemporary youth. emma roberts is an old fashioned girl, who believes in good behavior and respect for others; details that are sorely missing from today's films. she is still good enough to get boys' attentions but she also knows how present poise and self respect. she earns her medals by working hard and is not afraid to show a little guile when it is needed to achieve her goals.while taking a vacation to california, our heroine is drawn into the mystery of a hollywood actress who was the victim of foul play; suddenly she is "visited" by her ghost and this sets off a series of events that might solve the mystery or result in something dreadful for herself. what makes the movie quite entertaining is the little details, as she discovers that her customary world is nothing compared to the california scene, and this is well presented, without resorting to unnecessary vulgar language or anything graphic or overtly sexual. eventually, the director has enough control to make it all very palatable to all types of audiences, from the young ones to the adults in the audience. it is a movie that deserves to be seen, appreciated, and enjoyed, a film that is rare and delicate, and it's not afraid to be classified as fun! five stars

ok heres what i say: the movie was excellent. i am a huge nancy fan and i have read all 1-56 original books and i went on to read more. i am now on 96. beware of villains giving this movie a lower grade than it should have. all clues point to a wonderful movie! i loved the whole thing. so what nancy is in current time. she is still old fashioned like she is in the books! people who haven't read more than 5 books are complaining about the view of nancy. i have read all of them and i think emma is perfect and that nancy was perfect. i found parts of the movie spooky. i loved the exciting car chases and get aways. i loved the clues. i solved the mystery myself! it was really wonderful. i suggest you go see it since people who have been complaining know nothing of a what a good movie is and b about nancy drew. go see it. it may not be oscar worthy but its really a good movie.

i have read over 100 of the nancy drew books, and if you are not bright enough to catch on yet, nancy drew the movie was of a younger nancy drew, not the 18-year-old that doesn't go to school that all of the books are about. this was when she was sixteen. so naturally, she would of not as been as smart as the one in the book considering she is only in the 10th grade. other than that, i thought the movie was very cute. it was clean and appropriate for everyone. it was funny at times. i thought emma roberts did a great job. she was articulate, in character, and cute. i liked the awkwardness that nancy and ned had around each other because they obviously were not old enough to be in a serious relationship like they have in the books. it was a cute, pg movie that i throughly enjoyed because i, unlike most people my age, enjoy movies without sex, drugs, or profanity.

i really enjoyed this movie. i am a single dad with a 17 year old daughter who is smart, athletic and talented. i wish my girl applied herself so well to solving crimes and helping others! so for me, perhaps this is pg level fantasyland. i read many nancy drew books in my teen years, long, long ago. sure this character was ably played by emma roberts but did not resemble the nancy drew i recall from the books. that is due to script, not the acting.emma is an adorable teen, playing a self-confident, industrious and proud character with good manners and good taste. she is not caught up in the trendy competitiveness around her. there are some weaknesses in the plot, aside from not resembling the nancy drew of the books, and trying to figure out what decade we're in. (like, what is that car, anyway?) i read the imdb overview before seeing the film, as i was researching rachael leigh cook from other movies. this is not one of her best roles, but i will continue looking for more of her films. rachael was too old to play this lead, but does a fine job as the grown-up orphan central to the mystery.i am very disappointed in other reviews written here. some expect perfect connection with the books, some expect more credible situations or adult action film. i got what i expected! good entertainment well targeted to young teen girls, and their fathers who want good kids with high standards of conduct and achievement. this is a teen pg movie, not james bond! which would you want for a role model for your teenaged daughter?

i'm a 53 year-old college professor. i went with my wife and 12 year old daughter. we all enjoyed the movie. the film is original, witty, fast-paced and totally charming. the plot was easy enough for a 10 year old to follow, but twisty enough to keep an adult interested. i thought emma roberts did a superb job and the rest of the cast was just fine. my only criticism is that the los angeles sets were not as interesting as they should have been. they were functional, but nothing stood out. on the other hand, make-up, costume, lighting, cinematography, editing and directing were excellent. altogether, i thought it was a totally enjoyable experience. i am disappointed that the professional critics (almost all adult males) savagely attacked the film. apparently, they have something against films that portray strong, intelligent and independent young women. their writings reveal more about their own sexist natures than anything about this wonderful family film. i recommend it strongly to every child and every parent.

i disagree with previous comment about this movie. i think it was cute and fun and it carried a good message for young girls like my daughter. you don't have to dress like a cheap hooker to be cool. you can be smart and pretty and classy all at once.i think the cast was good and the story was fine for the target audience. all-in-all my wife, daughter (10) and i each thought it was a good movie. i certainly recommend it. it also has encouraged my daughter to start reading the original nancy drew mysteries which i am sure she will love much as i loved the hardy boys. it was a struggle to get her to sleep tonight because she wanted to start reading right away. i can't think of a better outcome for that movie than rekindling interest in that classic series.

this long episode packs amount of astounding of surprises, thriller, mystery and concerns about a battle of wits of sherlock against charles augustus milverton, a master blackmailer. this is an excellent overlong runtime of jeremy brett-holmes series. in the film appear usual holmes's cannon as inspector lestrade and mrs hudson, though no moriarty, however is a greatest villain, charles augustus.it's a genuine ripping yarn with intrigue, thrills, and suspense, including an exciting final twist. this is a particular sherlock movie but we find to holmes falling in love with a servant, kissing, crying and even robbing. this time along with the episode ¨scandal in boheme¨ with irene adler, result to be the only one which holmes is enamored. top-notch brett performance, he alongside peter cushing are the best sherlock tv , while in the cinema is forever basil rathbone. brett performs as a resolutive, headstrong, impetuous sleuth. here doctor watson isn't a comic, botcher, and clumsy pal personified by nigel bruce, but is an astute and cunning partner well incarnated by edward hardwicke, a perfect counterpoint of brett. casting is frankly magnificent, special mention to robert hardy as astute nasty. hardy, today famous by role as cornelius fudge in harry potter, is a veteran actor with forty years of career and with several success such as, the 10th kingdom and winston churchill. furthermore appear secondaries actors with terrific performances, nickolas grace, sophie gordon, serena gordon, among others. the movie gets a colorful atmosphere , the london streets and 221 baker street's house are well designed. the motion picture is well directed by peter hammond, director of various episodes. it's a must see for the arthur conan doyle fans.

doyle had never wanted to resurrect holmes from his joint death with professor moriarty in the adventure of the final problem. however,financial considerations made him willing (in 1901) to write the hound of the baskervilles, which is still considered his best holmes' novel and possibly his best novel. but it was a "memoir" of the great detective, written before his death. only a greater outcry from his public led doyle to fully resurrect holmes in the adventure of the empty house, published in 1905.it is not that the new short stories (and the last novel) are really bad. maybe three of the stories are really terrible, but even the terrible ones are very readable. several of the later ones (like the adventure of the solitary cyclist) are really very good. but the unevenness of production (in particularly after the stories in his last bow (1917)) become increasingly apparent. he repeats past story lines, and he shows really negative aspects of holmes. in the story the adventure of the three gables holmes shows a sneering sarcasm at a character who is of african ancestry. spoiler coming up:the adventure of charles augustus milverton deals with holmes trying to recover compromising letters from milverton, a hugely successful blackmailer. it is an interesting example of how doyle could make a highly readable story with a minimum of plot for there is little real detective work in the tale. holmes is hired to try to negotiate with milverton regarding the purchase of the letters, but to get them back no matter what! milverton proves not only unwilling to consider a smaller amount for the papers but prepared to protect himself from holmes attempting a search of his person. later we learn holmes has gotten into the household of milverton by romancing a maid while disguised. at the end holmes goes with watson to burglarize milverton's home. he and watson are in the house when they find that milverton is awaiting some new business deal in his study (someone with information that milverton can use). carefully hiding, holmes and watson watch as a woman comes in, who turns out to be a victim of collateral damage from milverton's past activities, and who shoots the blackmailer to death. holmes and watson are able to set fire to milverton's collection of compromising documents before fleeing the house, and subsequently discover (for themselves) the identity of the woman. the police (under lestrade) don't discover who the two mysterious men seen running from milverton's home are, and they are so disgusted by milverton's activities (they never were able to bring anything home against him) that it is obvious the murder will never be solved.the tale is not one of the fascinating ones with real detective work involved like the adventure of the speckled band or silver blaze. it is a tale of mood and late action - the issue being will holmes and watson get the papers or will they be caught by milverton? it is not one of the best stories, but it is in the bulk of the tales as being really well told and interesting.at the time he wrote charles augustus milverton, conan doyle had an experience with the police regarding his sometimes activities as a highly respected amateur detective/crusader. an artist was found murdered in his studio in london, and conan doyle began writing his opinions about how the killing was committed. then he stopped - apparently warned by his friends at scotland yard that the murder did not bare looking into. the victim had been a homosexual, and the police were certain that it was a lover's spat gone horribly wrong. for the sake of the family of the victim (this was in 1905) doyle dropped his interest in the case. so he was aware that sometimes the british police behaved with restraint on matters that did not seem to justify their full probing - as lestrade's restraint towards whoever did kill the villainous milverton in the story.given the description of the story it could have been told in the normal hour long version of the series. but the teleplay for the master blackmailer spent some time showing the horrible dilemma milverton's victims (in victorian/edwardian england) faced. we see a promising young aristocratic army officer kill himself when faced with a homosexual exposure because of milverton's extravagant demands, all at the start of the teleplay. and it is not only homosexuals. men and women of good reputation in heterosexual marriages could be smeared by uncovering illegitimate children or past indiscreet relationships. indeed, in the story, the woman who kills milverton is avenging the destruction of her husband (a prominent nobleman) destroyed by the blackmailer. milverton is well played at his most poisonous blandness by that fine actor robert hardy, who even when confronted by the unexpected furies he has unleashed is totally unperturbed (he looks like he will just have the angry woman showed out of his home in a moment). brett and hardwicke do quite well in their holmes and watson roles, as to be expected.how serious was the loss of character by rumor or innuendo in 1905? in 1898 one of the heroes of the various imperial wars, and the leader of the last victorious charge at the battle of omdurman that destroyed the mahdist army (see four feathers) was sir hector macdonald. he was governor of ceylon in 1903 when he suddenly, unexpectedly resigned. sir hector returned to london, and shot himself in a hotel while awaiting some sort of hearing. it later came out that "fighting mac", frequently considered the most popular army commander in britain, had been caught having sleeping arrangements with native boys. milverton would have eaten him up very quickly...or his real life counterparts would have.

after seeing jeremy brett as sherlock holmes, no actor should ever display such conceit as to imagine that he could ever come close to mr. brett's portrayal of "one of the most interesting characters in literature". jeremy brett is sherlock holmes and in my opinion there can be no other. the great actor basil rathbone is,i must admit, a close second but, is still second. one might make the argument that mr. rathbone's screenplays were inferior to the absolutely top notch productions afforded mr. brett and to this i would agree. however when all is said and done jeremy brett will always and forever be the only actor to truly "become" sherlock holmes. the book should be closed on this subject and we,the public,left to enjoy mr.brett's unique performances.bill rogers (sonarman65@yahoo.com)

jeremy brett is simply the best holmes ever, narrowly edging out the great basil rathbone of course, and this is probably the best adaptation of a conon-doyle short story.a length adaptation includes some new plot strands that fit in well to the surrounding drama and heightens the hatred one feels for milverton.excellent performances all round, especially from robert hardy, and both brett and hardwick fully rounded and comfortable in their roles makes this a superb piece of drama.

the master blackmailer, based off of sir arthur conan doyle's short story, "the adventure of charles augustus milverton," is the first feature length sherlock holmes story with jeremy brett that i have seen. the story is interesting and dark. the film has a somewhat dreary, sad feel to it, but it is quite entertaining (with some especially funny scenes).*spoilers* sherlock holmes and dr. watson attempt to uncover the identity of an illusive blackmailer who has been ruining some of the most prominent families of england by publishing private letters that will, in one way or another, destroy their lives. they eventually find out that he is charles augustus milverton, an "art dealer," after the few tragic consequences for victims that could not pay up. our heroes must next help lady eva blackwell, who must pay a sum that is beyond her means or else her upcoming marriage will most definitely be called off. the scene in which holmes and watson burglarize milverton's house are intense. although the film has an essentially happy ending, the tone is sad and regretful.outstanding performances by jeremy brett and edward hardwicke (as usual), and robert hardy as the notorious villain (most audiences probably recognize him today as cornelius fudge in harry potter), serena gordon as lady eva blackwell, norma west as lady swinstead and sophie thomson as agatha (the scenes involving her and holmes are a riot). i give it a ***1/2 out *****. my only complaint is that there wasn't enough inspector lestrade. (i wish they would have added in the scene at the end of the short story where he gives the description of the two burglars, one of which matches watson.)

brazilian films often get more positive appraisals than they actually deserve. rather incredibly, contra todos (against everybody) (original title, which the producers discarded: god against everybody) got very low gpa (grade point average) in this website. it seems to be bluntly rejected by female spectators at large. actually, it is not so brutal. i mean as far as graphical violence is concerned. its brutality is intrinsic as it portrays would-be lumpens, i mean underdog citizens who in fact possess high-tech equipment, who coldly perform murder orders in exchange of "grana graúda". is this post-modern man? is his/her only worry a quick, almost impersonal, ultra permissive lay, amidst over satiating meals ? the picture is probably the best brazilian film of 2004, so far. its shining editing style, à la godard, its curious soundtrack counterpoints, its more than efficient overall cast and, above all, its original narration, with subtle non-chronological hidden points that only come to light in the epilogue, deserve at least an 8 mark.

we always watch american movies with their particular accents from each region (south, west, etc). we have the same here. all foreign people must to watch this movie and need to have a open mind to accept another culture, besides american and european almost dominate the cinematographic industry.this movie tell us about a parallel world which it isn't figured even for those who live in a big city like são paulo. all actors are improvising and they are very realistic. the camera give us an idea of their confuse world, the loneliness of each character and invite us to share their world.it's a real great movie and worst a rent even have it at home.

i've seen this movie, when i was traveling in brazil. i found it difficult to really understand brazilian culture and society, because it has so many regional and class differences. to see this movie in sao paulo itself was a revelation. it shows something of the everyday life of many brazilians. on the other side, it is sometimes a little bit over-dramatized. and that's the only negative comment i have on this film. it's sometimes too much, too much sex, too many murders and too much cynicism for one film. the director could film some things a bit more subtle, it would make the film more effective.despite this i liked the movie and the way the story unravels itself. the characters are complex, and very much like real-life people. not pretty american actors and actresses with a lot of cosmetics, but people who could be ugly and beautiful at the same time. that makes the film realistic, even when the story is not that convincing.

in the periphery of são paulo, the very low middle-class dysfunctional and hypocrite family of teodoro (giulio lopes), cláudia (leona cavalli) and the teenager soninha (sílvia lourenço) have deep secrets. the religious teodoro is indeed a hit-man, hired to kill people in the neighborhood with his friend waldomiro (ailton graça). he has a lover, the very devout woman terezinha (martha meola), and he wants to regenerate, going to the country with her. cláudia has a young lover, júlio (ismael de araújo), who delivers meats for his father's butcher shop. soninha is a common sixteen years old teenager of the periphery, having active sexual life, smoking grass and loving heavy metal. when júlio is killed and castrated in their neighborhood, the lives of the members of the family change."contra todos" is a great low budget brazilian movie that pictures the life in the periphery of a big brazilian city. the story is very real, uses the usual elements of the poor area of the big brazilian cities (drug dealers, hit men, fanatic religious evangelic people, hopeless teenagers etc.), has many plot points and a surprising end, and the characters have excellent performances, acting very natural and making the story totally believable. the camera follows the characters, giving a great dynamics to the film. in the extras of the dvd, the director roberto moreira explains that his screenplay had no lines, only the description of the situations, and was partially disclosed only one week before the beginning of the shootings. the actors have trainings in workshops and they used lots of improvisation, being the reason for such natural acting. my vote is eight.title (brazil): "contra todos" ("against everybody")

"home room" came as a total surprise. not having a clue as to what it was all about, it paid off big time because it doesn't hold any punches and what we see is how lives are changed by the act of a disgruntled young man who decided to victimize his class mates, who are the innocent victims of his rash actions.paul ryan, the director, who is working and editing his own material, is a talented man who is rewarded by some amazing acting all around by his cast.alicia browning is an older girl who is trying to graduate high school. she has been away a couple of years and doesn't seem to be in the same wave length of the other students. for one, she is a rebel with a punk look, lots of makeup and a mouth that will cut anyone who dares to come near her orbit. alicia was among the students in the home room where nine students have died, supposedly killed by her boyfriend. alicia, we realize, is a wounded girl who has gone through a terrible ordeal in her life, but we are not given any clues to that effect.what follows is the aftermath of the tragedy, as it concentrates on a young woman who has survived it. deanna cartwright is a wealthy teen ager who shouldn't have been at the school, at all. when a ricochet bullet hit her, she is hospitalized with more than a wound. she is trying to get over this dark period in her mind but the nightmares don't let her forget.alicia is made to go to the hospital by the school principal. since she doesn't cooperate with the police, the head of the school wants her to see deanna in her terrible state and perhaps she will soften up and will tell the authorities what she knows. alicia dislikes deanna, but in a matter of days, both girls will make peace. we don't realize until the last sequence what really happened that horrible day in school.busy phillips makes an excellent alicia and erika christiansen is equally good as deanna. victor garber, james pinkins, taylor holland, and the rest of the cast play as an ensemble.the film has an intensity because it's not explicit in showing how the shootings occurred, which helps the tone that mr. ryan wanted to give this movie.

9/10- 30 minutes of pure holiday terror. okay, so it's not that scary. but it sure is fun.the crypt keeper (john kassir) tales a tale of holiday fear, giving us all christmas goose... gossebumps that is. bwahahahahha. you should really be careful what you axe santa for. have a scary christmas and a happy new fear. okay i'll stop.okay, so in the story, a greedy wife (best screamer in the world, mary ellen trainor) kills her husband (marshall bell, the coach who gets towel whipped to death in anoes 2) for the money. but, her plan is ruined when a crazy killer dressed in a santa suit (larry "dr. giggles" drake) comes her way.if you look it up on youtube, you can watch it for free, but most of you have already seen this (my third viewing). but if you haven't seen it, i suggest you do.

ho, ho, homicidal maniac! this spirited tour-de-force adaptation of a great ec comics horror tale is undoubtedly one of the best episodes of the cable tv series ever made. director robert ("back to the future") zemeckis makes the most out of a witty script by fred ("night of the creeps," "the monster squad") dekker which centers on a ruthless two-timing housewife (well played by mary ellen trainor, who was married to zemeckis when she starred in this episode) who kills her jilted jerk of a husband (a nice cameo by marshall bell) on christmas eve by whacking him upside the head with a fire-poker. complications ensue when a deranged murderous madman dressed up as jolly kris kringle escapes from a nearby asylum and decides to pay trainor a decidedly unfriendly visit. alan silvestri's spooky, stirring score and dean cundey's typically polished cinematography further enhance the macabre fun. and larry drake (the sweet gentle giant benny on "l.a. law"!), with his creepy hiccuping guffaw, a demented twinkle in his bright green eyes, and a leering, truly wicked grin, makes for a sensational sanguinary saint nick.

an axellent second installment that manages to be just as good as the first. once again, the casting is just wonderful. i like how the first and second episode have nothing in common except for the wit and cleverness.the second episode is just very funny, very silly and very enjoyable. it is the very first christmas episode, about a woman who is tormented by a serial killer dressed as santa after having killed her own husband. just like the first episode; karma.the most humorous scene is a tie between the murder of her husband and her phone call, first faking her fear until it becomes real.

i have watched this episode more often than any other tftc episode, it is that enjoyable. and it is quite scary, but all in good, ghoulish fun. a woman kills her 2nd husband but runs into a problem when an escaped maniac in a ragged santa claus outfit decides to pay her and her little girl a visit at that very moment. mary traynor, who i seem to remember from snl or some other tv comedy skit show, is the evil wife, and larry drake plays the lunatic in the dingy santa outfit. i had forgotten santa was played by drake over the years. his santa is an unstoppable force and quite frightening at times. you can probably guess how santa finally gets into the house. the episode is played for laughs, but it also can be pretty intense at times.

tales from the crypt: and all through the house starts on christmas eve as elizabeth (mary ellen trainor) kills her husband joseph (marshall bell), she drags his body outside ready to throw it down a well but while doing so misses an important news bulletin on the radio that says a homicidal maniac (larry drake) dressed as santa clause has escaped from a local mental asylum & has already killed several women with elizabeth next on his list but she has other ideas & tries to turn the seemingly dangerous situation to her advantage...this tales from the crypt story was episode 2 from season 1, directed by the one of the show's regular executive producers robert zemeckis and all through the house is a decent enough watch. the script by fred dekker was actually based on a story appearing in the comic 'the vault of horror' & was originally adapted to film as one episode from the britsih horror anthology film tales from the crypt (1972) which starred joan collins as the murderous wife character here played by ellen trainor. this particular version is good enough but doesn't do anything different or special & is a bit too linear & predictable to be considered a classic. at only 25 minutes in length it certainly moves along at a good pace, the story is just about macabre enough & it generally provides decent entertainment & i quite liked the downbeat ending. this time there are christmas themed opening & closing crypt keeper (john kassir) segments complete with the usual puns.director zemeckis does a good job & there's a nice winterly atmosphere with a hint of christmas influence as well. there's not much gore here, someone has a poker stuck in their head, someone's face is cut with an icicle, someone's arm is cut with an axe & there's some blood splatter but generally speaking it's not that graphic. the acting by a small cast is pretty good.and all through the house isn't the best tale from the crypt but it's a decent one all the same, worth a watch but after the comic book story & original 1972 film version did we really need or even want this?

"and all through the house" is a special crypt episode not only because it's from the first season, but this episode was the first one i saw! i remember as a young man being on vacation with my parents that summer in 1989 in our hotel room in south carolina on hbo i saw this episode and i was buried to the crypt right then and forever! i had always been a fan of horror-suspense series and liked monster movies, and with this series started by hbo i again had fearful pleasure. this episode being the first one i saw is memorable for me and one of my favorites, it's just so enjoyable with a nice twist. "and all through the house" has a nice cozy setting on a snowy christmas eve, which is a perfect way to get you relaxed for holiday chopping! well anyway you have mary ellen trainor(who by the way plays in several warner brothers works, usually small parts) as a greedy philandering wife who takes care of her hubby while waiting on some money and a new romance. only like most horror series things take a turn for the worst and bad people get what they deserve. the odds are greatly stacked when a maniac dressed as santa escapes from a local nut house, making for a late holiday chopping on christmas eve! as from the old e.c. comic lessons, you learn bad people get what they axe for! well this tale ends with a perfect holiday scream! also this tale was in the 1972 movie and featured joan collins, this is without a doubt one of my favorites and probably one of the classic crypt episodes of all-time!

episode two of season one is a delightful holiday tale of love, betrayal,...and a homicidal, escaped lunatic dressed as father christmas.a woman (mary ellen-trainor)has just murdered her hubby on christmas eve for his life insurance. what begins as a perfect crime begins a struggle to survive as a deranged, santa clause suit wearing psychopath (larry drake, perfectly over the top) threatens her life...as well as her precious young daughters.this episode is warmly remembered by even those casually acquainted with the program. by the way,this particular reviewer watches it every christmas on routine. most notable for it's escalating suspense and narrative twists, and all through the houst is among tales from the crypt's best.

the industry dropped the ball on this. the trailer does not do the movie justice and when this opened it was on a hand full of screens. had people had an opportunity to see this, work of mouth would have made it very successful. the 2 lead actresses each give great emotional performances that really draw you in to the story and especially the characters. i checked this out based on the rave recommendation richard roeper or (ebert and roeper) in his book. an example of a great film that never got fully released except on a few screens. which gave it no chance to be seen. some movies go to video quickly because they aren't that good. this is oscar worthy and it's a tragedy on many levels that most will never even hear of it. maybe via word of mouth it will gain a following on dvd or cable. if you haven't see this movie you should. great performances of the 2 lead actresses make this movie. it could have just been another formulaic teen movie after school special but instead it stands up well to other note worthy films. girl interrupted comes to mind. if you like that you will like this. both girls are in one amazing emotional scene after another without coming off as melodramatic. even though alicia is angry and deanna is crying through most of the movie it is done is such a real way that they do not come off as stereotypical characters or as melodramatic. the movie will move you in many scenes and if you are an aspiring actor use these real performances as your school. erica is even better in this than in traffic. i hope both of these actors get more roles that utilize their talents as well and let them shine. see this movie and if you like, recommend to friends so it doesn't get lost among all the blockbuster crap that comes out every year. this movie was buried while spiderman 2 tops records. what kind of word are we living in? aghhh. so to make the world right again see this and recommend it.

the director and two stars of laura (1944) were reteamed for this solid policier: dana andrews is the son of a criminal who becomes a cop to cut all ties with the past but cannot keep his inherited violent ways in check while interrogating suspects and, one night, he goes too far; gene tierney is the estranged wife of his victim, a decorated war hero who has become involved with the town's leading racketeer and andrews' no. 1 nemesis, gary merrill (who had himself been the protégé of andrews snr.)! as usual with preminger, this is a well-crafted movie with a notable opening credits sequence and enlivened by a good cast that also includes karl malden (as andrews' incumbent superior), tom tully (as tierney's motor-mouth taxi driver dad) and neville brand (as merrill's chief thug), with notable support also coming from craig stevens (as the slimy, wife-beating victim), bert freed (as andrews' sympathetic partner) and robert f. nolan (as andrews' stern outgoing superior). having already been warned by the latter to mend his ways or else, andrews panics and impersonates stevens for a couple of hours following his murder to put the police on the (in this case) wrong tracks of merrill; however, after tully becomes the prime suspect (by which time andrews and tierney are romantically involved), the cop goes by himself in merrill's lair fully intending to get bumped off and 'frame' the racketeer for his own murder! clearly, the protagonist is a complex character and andrews rises to the challenge with a first-rate characterization that is typically complemented by the in-house fox noir style.

where the sidewalk ends is quite a good film-noir crime drama and is shot well in black and white and on location as well.a copper accidentally kills a bloke who is suspected of murder and to protect himself, he covers this up and blames it on another person he doesn't like who has committed a lot of crimes in the past. but towards the end, he owns up but not before falling in love with a woman he meets who is the lover of the person he killed...the cast includes dana andrews (while the city sleeps, curse of the demon), gene tierney (laura, the ghost and mrs muir), gary merrill (mysterious island), karl malden (the streets of san francisco, beyond the posidon adventure) and craig stevens (the deadly mantis). good parts from all.where the sidewalk ends is worth checking out if you get the chance. excellent.rating: 3 stars out of 5.

"film noir" is an overused expression when it comes to describing films. every crime drama seems to be a "noir". but "where the sidewalk ends" really is a good example of what the genre is all about.very briefly, an overzealous detective (andrews) accidentally kills a no-goodnik who works for the mobsters. the killing is blamed on the father (tom tully) of a woman andrews meets and falls for (tierney). to save dad from old sparky, andrews captures the rest of the mob and turns himself in.the morally guilty cop is driven by impulses from the past. his father was a thief who was killed trying to shoot his way out of jail. but that doesn't excuse his actions after he accidentally offs the no-goodnik in self defense. he immediately goes to the phone to report the incident but he hesitates. he's already in hot water with the department and this could finish his career. then, at just the wrong moment, the phone rings. it's andrews' partner and andrews tells him the suspect they're trailing isn't at home. he hides the body and later disposes of it by slugging a watchman and dumping the body in the river.what motivates a guy to do something so dumb? okay. his job was at risk. but now he's committed multiple felonies. at least i think they must be multiple. i counted obstruction of justice, assault, disposing of a body without a permit, littering, first-degree mopery, and bearing false witness against his neighbor.in the end, we don't know whether to root for andrews or not. the suspect didn't deserve to die, true, but it was after all an accident because andrews didn't know he was a war hero and "had a silver plate in his head." maybe it's that kind of ambiguity that made noir what it was, among other things such as characteristic lighting. if noir involved nothing more than black-and-white photography, murder, criminals, mystery, and suspicious women, then we'd have to include all the charlie chan movies under that rubric.andrews is pretty good. he's a kind of mark macpherson (from "laura") gone bitter. he never laughs, and rarely smiles, even when seated across a restaurant table from gene tierney, a situation likely to prompt smiles in many men. he has no sense of humor at all. his few wisecracks are put-downs. when he shoves a stoolie into a cab and the stoolie says, "careful. i almost hit my head," andrews' riposte is, "that's okay. the cab's insured." andrews could seem kind of wooden at times but this is a role that calls for stubborn and humorless determination and he handles it well. his underplaying is perfect for the part. little twitches or blinks project his thoughts and emotional states. and i guess the director, otto preminger, stopped him from pronouncing bullet as "boo-let" and police as "poe-lice." never could make up my mind about gene tierney. she does alright in the role of tom tully's daughter, a model, but she's like marilyn monroe in that you can't separate the adopted mannerisms from the real personality traits. did tierney actually have such an innocent, almost saintly persona? when she answered the phone at home, did her voice have the same sing-along quality that it has on screen? poor tierney went through some bad psychiatric stuff, before there were any effective meds for bipolar disorder. and andrews too, nice guy though he appears to have been, slipped into alcoholism before finally recovering and making public service announcements.the dvd commentary by peter muller is unpretentious, informed, and sometimes amusing.anyway, this is a good film as well as a good example of film noir. the good guys aren't all good, although the bad guys are all bad. maybe that ambiguity is what makes it an adult picture instead of a popcorn movie. for the kiddies, only one shot is fired on screen and nobody's head explodes. sorry.

the fully rounded character of the principal role of this movie, that of the cop torn up by his past and on a path of self-destruction so clear to the viewer, is unique for its time, 1950. along with the haunting music and the well written plot, the film is a prime example of film noir at its best. close-ups of dana's eyes reveal the anguish within, karl malden excels as his boss, who brooks no nonsense but also has compassion for those under his command in the precinct. otto preminger made this type of movie just about his own. if there is any fault it would be with the breath taking beauty of gene tierney who seems oddly out of place with the hardened cop. their scenes in the cafe, however, are wonderful and ring true. tom tully, in the bit part of her father is perfect as is gary merrill as the hood. great lighting and mood setting. the building where the deadly deeds take place highly atmospheric, i love the old woman in the basement. 8 out of 10.

the title sequence shows the credits written on a rain-soaked sidewalk as people trod on it; music is provided by someone whistling alfred newman's "street scene." then we meet det. sgt. mark dixon (dana andrews), who always wanted to be something his old man wasn't: a guy on the right side of the law. but he's pretty vicious for a good guy. after several complaints over his roughing people up, his boss, insp. nicholas foley (robert f. simon), demotes him. foley tells him he's a good man, but needs to get his head on straight and be more like det. lt. thomas (karl malden), who has just gotten a promotion.meanwhile, tommy scalise (gary merrill, in a splendidly slimy performance) has an illegal dice game going and is looking to make a sucker out of the rich ted morrison (harry von zell), who was brought in by ken paine (craig stevens) and his beautiful wife morgan (gene tierney). she figures out too late her husband is using her as a decoy, and paine strikes her when she refuses to play along. the chivalrous morrison intervenes but paine knocks him out cold. that seems to be the worst of it, but later it turns out the guy is dead; and paine looks guilty.but this won't be paine's story. soon dixon has fallen in love with morgan—but not before losing his temper again and committing a terrible deed that he tries to cover up. morgan's father, a tale-spinning taxi driver (tom tully), may take the rap for it. it's up to dixon to try to pin the blame on scalise.otto preminger directs a script credited to ben hecht and three others from the novel "night cry" by william l. stuart. this is a solid film noir with excellent performances and all the shadowy photography and murky morality we expect from this genre. it holds up until the brightly lit ending, which looks like something the studio had filmed to appease the censors. of course, the classic noir directed by preminger and starring andrews and tierney is "laura." you'll enjoy this, but you can't miss that.

gene tierney and dana andrews, who were both so memorable in 1944's "laura, re-teamed for this excellent 1950 film-noir.an embittered policeman, andrews as mark, can't get over the fact that his father was a hoodlum who died in a police shootout while trying to break out of jail. as a result of his bitterness, mark doesn't know when to stop using his hands. it's this inability that leads to the accidental death of a small-time hood.(craig stevens)in trying to frame gangster gary merrill, mark unintentionally puts the heat on innocent cab-drive, tom tully, who is the father of gene tierney, who was separated by stevens.this is a well-thought out film dealing with the conscience of a basically decent human being.the ending is not exactly upbeat as mark will have to face the music. at least, he finally admits to what he has done.

dana andrews is one of those actors that i've probably seen in a dozen films, but who has never really registered for me. often stolid, taciturn, playing the same kinds of roles and looking somewhat like the similarly underrated glenn ford, he's an actor that takes some effort to really appreciate; but once you hit the right film....and this is it. preminger's moody look at new york's underbelly is as dirty and seedy as just about any 50s noir, and andrews is in his element as too-tough cop mark dixon who just doesn't know how to play the game to get ahead: he hates criminals too much to always play by the rules. early on in the film, he accidentally kills the witness to a murder involving an illegal crap game set up by a mobster who dixon hates for personal reasons, and he spends the rest of the film trying to cover up his involvement and bring the mobster to his kind of "justice". along the way he gets involved with the estranged wife of the man he killed (gene tierney) and also has to try to get her father off the hook for the murder.stunningly photographed by joseph lashelle, with hard and sparkling dialogue by ben hecht and a truly powerful ending with elements of tragedy and found grace in just a minute or two of time, this is another noir for the ages and might be my favorite preminger film thus far -- it's every bit as good as the more-heralded laura.

a hot-headed cop accidentally kills a murder suspect and then covers up the crime, but must deal with a guilty conscience while he tries to solve a murder case. andrews and tierney are reunited with director preminger in a film noir that is as effective as "laura," their earlier collaboration. andrews is perfectly cast as the earnest cop, a good guy caught up in unfortunate circumstances. the acting is fine all around, including malden as a tough police captain and tully as tierney's protective father. the screenplay by hecht, a great and prolific screenwriter, is taut and suspenseful, and preminger creates a great atmosphere.

a turkish bath sequence in a film noir located in new york in the 50's, that must be a hint at something ! something that curiously, in all the previous comments, no one has pointed out , but seems to me essential to the understanding of this movie the turkish baths sequence: a back street at night, the entrance of a sleazy sauna, and scalise wrapped in a sheet, getting his thighs massaged. steve, the masseur is of the young rough boxer ( beefcake!) type , and another guy, a bodyguard? finishes dressing up. dixon obviously hates what he sees there and gets rough right away. we know he has a reputation for roughing up suspects. good cop but getting out of control easy. why is it that he hates them so much ? could it be that he hates himself. this part of himself he inherited from his father ? that dark side that could lead him right at the end of the sidewalk, into the gutter ? what if that dark side lurked within a "closet" ? remember : whenever dixon meets scalise ( 3 times), the guy is lying on a bed, and he only has men around him for company ( the irony of the " girls" poster pinned up on the wall near his bed !).scalise acts funny: affected manners, cranking his neck arrogantly, defiant, shoving his inhalator ( poppers ?) into his nostrils each time he talks to dixon. dixon, with a vengeance, is bent on pinning down scalise who seems not to understand : "i never saw a man so full of hate as you. i consider it almost humorous the way you came after me alone. " four years jumping at me as if i was somebody special! why? "because scalise is someone special indeed : he is the direct inheritor of dixon's father : " your father liked me", "your father set me up in business". he stands as dixon's criminal brother, his dark side incarnate. and to top it all, he prefers the company of men. dixon knows it well :" who killed him (paine)? you or one of your playmates?" playmates ! notice how each time they meet, dixon manhandles scalise: he picks the address-book out of his jacket, slaps his face, punches him. scalise : "i warn you not to touch me! " . dixon's homophobia is obvious. or put it different : his unexpressed homosexuality . dixon, aka dixon's kid, is the son of a thief. in reaction to this, he decided to become a cop, a good one, but there is something of the criminal in him, a dark side: he is a violent copper, a murderer, a liar. besides, he is not married, brings "a dizzy blonde" to his familiar eat-out place every now and then, but nothing else. the waitress scoffing says that he doesn't know how to make love to a woman. dixon has a deep feeling of guilt and hates himself for those reasons." a hood and a mobster like his old man. blood will tell". finally, in order to achieve redemption, dixon decides to sacrifice himself : if he gets his alter ego scalise to kill him, he will free himself from the guilt and free the girl and her father too.the end of the movie brings us back to the opening sequence : scalise is pushed in the gutter and dixon deserves the right to walk the sidewalk and wins the love of the dame. he is straight at last.the unspoken theme of the movie could very well be that of a man who in order to cover his repressed feelings, wants to experience a woman's love ( jean douchet)(these notes owe a lot to the film commentary by jean douchet in the french dvd edited by carlottai

this is a great example of a rather simple film noir story that is handled exceptionally well--thanks to excellent direction by otto preminger as well as some lovely acting performances. dana andrews stars as a hot-headed detective who all too often uses his fists instead of his brains. soon after the film begins, andrews is being reprimanded for this and is warned that if this continues he'll be off the force. a bit later, while investigating a crime he's attacked by a suspect and andrews is forced to fight to protect himself. this time he does not use excessive force but the assailant is killed. andrews panics and assumes they won't believe him so he tries to cover up the death--though instead an innocent man is ultimately blamed for the crime.there's a lot more to the film than this--including a plot involving a slimy villain (gary merrill) and a love interest for andrews (gene tierney). all in all, this is one of the better examples of the genre--with great gritty dialog, superb lighting and a simple yet very effective story. this is the way noir was meant to be.

'where the sidewalk ends (1950)' opens, appropriately, with dana andrews' and gene tierneys' names inscribed on the sidewalk, as dirty water streams down between the bars of a sewer grate. the sidewalk represents respectability, integrity and morality – only crooks and delinquents walk in the gutter. but even the most honourable of men have a tendency to misstep on occasion, and, when the sidewalk abruptly comes to an end, sometimes it proves impossible to avoid getting one's shoes wet. mark dixon (dana andrews) was born in the gutter, his father a professional criminal, and has spent his entire life clawing his way back onto the sidewalk, perpetually balanced on the edge of the kerb. as a police detective, dixon wants nothing more than to display the decency and integrity that his father lacked, but he possesses a mean-streak that he can't escape. when his quick temper leaves a murder suspect dead, dixon finds himself becoming the very father whom he despised, a cheap criminal who'll cheat and lie to cover up his offence.'where the sidewalk ends' was the only film to reunite dana andrews, gene tierney and director otto preminger after the superb 'laura (1944),' though the two films, as far as noir goes, couldn't be further apart. whereas the earlier picture had the strong intimacy of a country-house murder tale, this film is more conventional as a gritty urban police drama. given her ravishingly memorable performance as laura hunt, it's unfortunate that here tierney is grossly underused, occupying the typical niche of the pretty, helpless romantic interest {much as she did that same year in jules dassin's 'the night and the city (1950)'}. andrews, on the other hand, has rarely been better, exhibiting a toughness and unhinged anger that i hadn't expected of him. gary merrill is suitably smug as the crime boss scalise, but he doesn't seem mean enough for the role, and i think that an actor like richard conte (who played mr. brown in 'the big combo (1955)') would have better suited the character; i hadn't realised this, but conte appeared just one year earlier in preminger's 'whirlpool (1949).'the tension, as dixon attempts to cover up his accidental crime, is absolutely riveting – certainly among the most suspenseful sequences of its era – though i feel that the situation still wasn't exploited to its full potential. the taxi driver is the only person who could have decisively identified dixon as the perpetrator, but preminger hurriedly skims over the moment when he passes dixon on the stairs. had the witness been brought in as dixon was re-enacting his own movements outside the apartment entrance, we could have had some genuine fireworks. and why, for that matter, couldn't the taxi driver's testimony have immediately absolved jiggs taylor (tom tully) from suspicion of murder? niggling inconsistencies such as these tarnish an otherwise excellent screenplay from ben hecht, who infuses his gritty criminal underworld with hard-hitting cops and wise-cracking felons. andrews' seething and implosive law-enforcer, tormented by rage and remorse, has rarely been done better, at least the equal of robert ryan in nicholas ray's 'on dangerous ground (1952).'

new york police detective mark dixon (dana andrews) is a guy who has to deal with his own demons on a daily basis at the same time as coping with the normal ups and downs of everyday life. the strain produced by his internal struggle and his intense hatred of criminals, leads him to make serious errors of judgement and to fail to recognise the need for any code of conduct to be adhered to in his dealings with people on the wrong side of the law. he has a track record of treating suspects and known criminals with gross brutality and this has brought him into conflict with his superior officers who have censured him for the amount of violence he has regularly used. dixon cannot reconcile these calls for restraint with his own extreme and irrational hatred of all criminals. he is tormented by the fact that his father was a criminal and has been left with a powerful need to live down his father's reputation and to avoid fulfilling the low expectations that many people have of him as a consequence.when a rich texan is murdered following an evening's gambling run by gangster tommy scalise (gary merrill), dixon is assigned to the case. scalise tells dixon's superior officer detective lieutenant thomas (karl malden) that the victim had been accompanied by ken paine (craig stevens) and his wife morgan (gene tierney) and that paine had committed the murder. dixon goes to paine's apartment and questions the suspect who is both inebriated and uncooperative and when paine punches him, dixon retaliates and paine collapses and dies. dixon goes on to dispose of the body in a nearby river. paine's wife is questioned and after describing what had happened at scalise's place, adds that her father had gone to paine's apartment later that night to take issue with him about the fact that she'd returned home with facial bruising. paine had previously attacked her on a number of occasions and her father, jiggs taylor (tom tully), had threatened that if it happened again he would beat paine up. this information leads to taylor being arrested and charged with murder. nobody accepts dixon's explanation that scalise had killed the texan and then had paine killed to eliminate him as a witness.dixon continues to make various attempts to get scalise convicted but eventually realises that the only way to successfully achieve his goal is to write a confession about his own role in paine's death and the cover up. he does this and also records that he is going alone to confront scalise so that the police can arrest the gangster for dixon's murder. the confrontation with scalise and the eventual means by which dixon achieves his own redemption, provide a tense and fitting conclusion to this gritty thriller.dana andrews' strained and preoccupied expressions convey his character's perpetually troubled nature and his anxieties as he deals with a series of misfortunes which include and follow paine's accidental death. dixon, however, isn't the only one to experience misfortune as morgan, a successful model loses her job because of all the trouble surrounding her. her father, who'd some years earlier been awarded a diploma for assisting the police, unjustly finds himself charged with a crime he did not commit. ken paine who'd been a war hero had experienced unemployment and a loss of self esteem which led to alcoholism and wife beating and scalise who'd been set up in business by dixon's father also suffers his own misfortunes."where the sidewalk ends" is a thoroughly engaging tale involving a group of interesting and diverse characters and a main protagonist who is the absolute personification of moral ambiguity.

the charm of otto preminger's grandiose, visionary film noir is that it has ambiguous intentions, betraying the gloomy essence of the central character, who is still vexed by living in the shadow of his criminal father. dana andrews' driven, vindictive cop is shown as an outsider, irrational and destructive, who maybe can change because he might've found a good woman to look after him. the troubled man reclaims himself with his own tangled impression of rectitude. the distressing mood permanently circuited into the latter half of the story by screenwriter ben hecht reverberates in andrews' tense performance as preminger saturates the film in a relevantly prosaic substance of style. we don't just see and hear the city at night; we feel it because preminger lets us see and hear even the most peripheral and distant factors of it.dana andrews furnishes a complex character unfolded through his streaks of violence and the hatred that always infests him. as the plot develops, he is secretly entangled in situational snares, yet he is renewed by the outward acts that can be seen in the vintage noir protagonist's visceral facial expressions before he executes them.this reflection of a specific phase in the development of the genre is an engrossing, feral and shady film noir that is set in the double-dealing climate of the underworld, where the hero is so estranged that he is always swelling with rage, and even though he loses his rational resistance, occupational principle, and ethical limits, he's still a good cop. preminger just winks at telling a social-conscience drama about a corrupted community within the sprawling cityscape, rather keeping the thriller riding on andrews' shoulders as an existential journey of personal ramifications about a man with an oedipal fixation who is becoming disconnected though with the ever-shrinking influences of the law on his side and an undying perception of right and wrong.the production companies in the early 1950s pussed out on the social-problem picture, and rather made "low-budget, low-risk thrillers" such as this, apparently in an attempt to evade the conniptions of conservative critics and social busybodies. but there is an expressionistic matter-of-factness to preminger's inimitable approach. he injects each scene with a sense of everyday drama as a backdrop for the plot. each supporting character must pull their own weight by doing something interesting, but none of them are cartoons or depressing comic reliefs. to him, every character thinks they're the star, as per the straight-from-the-shoulder self-assertion of karl malden as a missionary police inspector and a veteran waitress at a lunch counter. it is those who are the stars---andrews and gene tierney, both anguished by their futile attempts to subdue their emotional intensity---who don't want to be.

this is a very well-made film, meticulously directed and with some excellent character acting that at times is deeply moving - for example the scene with the loyal but unsophisticated sidekick cop and his wife. the plot is convincingly worked out and exciting. the gangster character is particularly interesting and plays an almost metaphysical role in the life of the hero. it's made clear that the cops are just as rough and ready as the underworld characters.a couple of slight reservations: i found the ending slightly one-sided as it celebrates the hero's successful integration into the structure of the police and justice system, which collapses the ambiguity of the police characters which has been maintained up to that point. also i found the lead female character somewhat weak: little more than a catalyst for the salvation of the hero, all she seems to do is weep and swoon as the tough guys battle it out.

pretty good film from preminger; labyrinthine at times, as it explores sets and locales from various angles and perspectives as if it were a nature film on the denizens of the modern city and how they live. in this sense it is visually and spatially satisfying, as its hero, a good cop with a bad temper, gets into very hot water when he accidentally kills a guy with a plate in his head.dana andrews plays the lead as if it were hamlet, and has never been better. the story may be pure melodrama but andrews gives it weight, and almost raises it to the level of tragedy. as his girl, gene tierney is attractive but unremarkable. gary merrill makes for a very interesting villain, with his natural warmth providing a nice contrast to andrews' coolness; his smiling, amiable-seeming bad guy seems to be continually challenging his nemesis by the mere fact of his being emotionally open, as opposed to the tightly wound and moralistic cop who is pursuing him. there are no major surprises in this film, which seems transitional for all concerned. for director preminger it is a reunion of sorts with his laura stars, andrews and tierney, who were passing their career peaks at around the time the movie was made. the supporting cast,--merrill, karl malden, neville brand--are, understandably, more optimistic, as they were all on their way up. preminger, as serene an observer as ever, lets the events unfold without expressing a strong point of view, as the morally ambiguous ending is somewhat disappointing, for the cat and mouse game between the two antagonists seems larger and more archetypal than any mere movie could contain, much less resolve.

a detective (dana andrews) with a reputation for violence accidentally kills a suspect in a murder (craig stevens) and then tries to cover it up. the otto preminger directed film has plenty of atmosphere but the story gets watered down when the dead man's wife (gene tierney) falls for andrews. he was doing fairly well digging himself into and out of a big hole, but she was just too much light at the end of the tunnel for a noir film. gary merrill is great as scalese, a crime boss that andrews is obsessed with bringing down, and the tension between them gives the film its energy and drive, especially a scene in a bath house with merrill, andrews, and neville brand, and the night time rendezvous outside of bellevue hospital, that sets up what ought to have been the film's conclusion. high marks for atmosphere, andrews, merrill, etc... and the general portrayal of the underworld, though the love angle and the simplistic good cop bad cop elements don't help its cause.

otto preminger's noir classic works almost as a flip-side of laura...while that film was glitzy and features the high fa-luting clifton webb, this film is a whole lot seamier. dana andrews is a less than good cop who accidentally kills a man only to have it potentially pinned on the father of the girl he loves. preminger keeps things moving at a brisk clip so that lapses in logic are easily overlooked. andrews is quite fine (a lot less wooden than he's been in the past) and the stunningly beautiful gene tierney is stunningly beautiful! creepy craig stevens plays the unlucky victim. where the sidewalk ends is a must see and a terrific companion-piece to preminger's equally lurid whirlpool (also starring tierney).

director otto preminger reunites with his laura stars dana andrews and gene tierney in this rough and ready to rumble film noir: where the sidewalk ends. this film is complete with a well-written crime story with interesting characters, unexpected turns, and clever dialogue and an eye-pleasing look with great camera movements and dark and gritty film noir lighting. dana andrews stars as detective mark dixon, part mobster and part cop, who has a reputation of being too physically tough with criminals. after one case sees dixon in search of suspects and answers, he gets far more involved than he wanted. dana andrews is terrific in his role - tough and edgy, andrews' dixon is ready to knock any and all off their heels if they get on his bad side. he's the perfect film noir anti-hero - he's not very nice all the time, but we still root for him. gene tierney does a solid job in her role, as much as it is, being a sweet shoulder for dixon. there might not be too much to tierney's role, but she certainly goes above and beyond what others could do with the role, knocking every member of the audience out with her kind smile, gentle manner, and twinkle in her eye. the supporting cast isn't too bad either - karl malden being the most memorable, stepping in and giving a good supporting performance as lieutenant thomas. where the sidewalk ends is no laura, but it is a great film noir filled with great characters, story, and picture.

ah, noir. my favourite genre. otto preminger's follow-up to "laura" is a film noir set in a postwar new york, where corruption and violence run rampant. it stars dana andrews as sergeant mark dixon, a detective whose brutal tactics have landed him in hot water with his superiors. when he accidentally kills a murder suspect, dixon tries to pin the blame on crime boss tommy scalese. dixon is close to achieving his goal when he becomes involved with the dead man's wife, the beautiful morgan taylor. of course, in typical noir fashion, things quickly go down hill.while the film does nothing interesting camera or narrative wise, it does have a constant tone of dread and gloom. like most great noirs, it is also wonderfully paced, sucking the viewer in right from the start.still, like most of preminger's workmanlike films, it's not something i'd watch again. it lacks the verbal wit of wilder, the visual flamboyance of hitchcock or the spatial experimentation of welles. like lang's later work, "sidewalk" feels very much a "clone" of what a noir should be, instead of something really artistically genuine. thematically the film is nothing special. it's about a cop who finds himself slowly becoming a criminal. in one scene dixon explains that his father himself was a small time crook, the film flirting with the notion of predestination, but this one scene is as far as otto goes, or dares to take his ideas.the camera work is likewise disappointing. there's no intelligence in otto's camera. no effort is made to assign the camera to anything. it doesn't play with space or architecture or empahsise the step-by-step police procedural. it's just tripod set ups with the occasional dolly in and out. meaningless, though most people don't care about these things. there is, however, one good shot where our hero is trapped in a car full of gangsters (noir cage) which itself enters a vehicle-lift (another cage) and is taken up into the chief gangster's lair. like lynch's "blue velvet", otto retopologizes the film, constantly likens "upstairs" to hell. this works well, but the set design fails to reinforce it. 7/10 - otto seems content to follow the hawksian mould of what a noir is, rather than toy with the possibilities of where noir can go. like "detour", "night in the city", "scarlet street", "in a lonely place", "act of violence", "bomberang" and "johnny eager", "where the sidewalk ends" is one of those well made second tier film noirs. it's competent and engaging, but lacks that extra special magic.

otto preminger, completing a noir cycle at twentieth century fox, reunited his "laura" leads for this stark, gritty detective drama. dana andrews again portrays a cop, but this time he's hardened, cynical and has been accused of police brutality by his superior - "you don't hate hoods, you liked to beat them up!". mark dixon (andrews) despises criminals, as his own father was a crook. he doesn't want to be "sandy dixon's kid" so he became a policeman, but his methods are harsh and hated.one night, investigating a murder, he unknowingly punches a suspect, ken paine (craig stevens) so hard that it kills him. a shaken dixon does his best to cover it up, intending to frame a hated thug, scalise (gary merrill) for the crime. however, the blame falls on paine's father-in-law, jiggs taylor (tom tully), whose daughter, department store model morgan taylor (tierney) is estranged from her husband but keeps getting drawn into his gambling schemes. paine had slapped his wife, enraging her father, who did show up at his son-in-law's apartment, but not until dixon had departed with the body. with no better suspects, jiggs is arrested and charged.riddled with guilt, mark falls for morgan and offers money for an attorney. he decides to take on scalise anyway but leaves a letter to be given to the department in the event of his death, confessing everything. in the end, he cannot live with the knowledge with what he has done, and he permits the letter to be read by his superior and by morgan. despite all the tragic circumstances, morgan professes her love for mark and will wait for him.it was great to find this film on dvd, after so many years of televised obscurity. eddie mueller, a film noir historian, provides the commentary and does a good job, but i find his assertion that audiences wouldn't have caught the significance of the casting of the two leads, since "laura" had been made six years earlier. in that respect, he is mistaken because they had appeared in "the iron curtain" two years prior to wtse and the film was a box-office success.andrews and tierney were fabulous together, and ruth donnelly is tremendous comic relief as restaurant owner martha, fanning the flames between the detective and the dame.the night cityscapes give the film an air of menace. gary merrill is great as the low-life scalise, who had a criminal past with dixon's dad ("your father liked me," he taunts mark). karl malden and a young neville brand are terrific also. and tom tully is just touching and funny as morgan's unjustly accused pop.a watchable film noir with a fantastic cast.

dana andrews stands "where the sidewalk ends" in this 1950 film that also stars gene tierney, gary merrill, karl malden and neville brand. andrews plays new york city detective sgt. mark dixon, a cop with a bad temper who has gotten into trouble in the past for beating suspects. when a man is murdered at a gambling club owned by a mobster, scalise (merrill), dixon and his partner go to investigate. scalise blames the murder on ken paine (stevens), who has now left the club after fighting not only with his wife, morgan (tierney) but the victim. dixon thinks the victim won a lot of money and was killed as a result by the mobster's men. he goes to see paine and, not realizing he has a plate in his head from the war, knocks him to the floor and inadvertently kills him. now he must cover up the murder. as a further complication, he falls for morgan; her father (ken tully), who went to paine's apartment after he saw that paine had hit his daughter, is arrested for the crime.this is a really terrific, gritty noir with some good performances. the ruggedly handsome and weathered andrews is convincing as a tough yet nervous detective who has to stay one step ahead of his colleagues. the movie reunites him with his fabulous "laura" costar, gene tierney, and she looks lovely as a model with bad taste in men who apparently is used to being roughed up. little does she know, she's got another one on her hands. ken tully does a terrific job as her father, who protests his innocence despite some damning evidence. karl malden is very tough as dixon's boss.my only problem with this well-directed, fast-moving and absorbing film is the ending. pure hollywood and, putting myself in tierney's place, i doubt i would react the same way. a minor criticism for a film written by ben hecht and directed by otto preminger. i didn't find it as awe-inspiring as "laura," but few things in this world are. if you like film noir, this is a must-see.

where the sidewalk ends (1950)where one ends, another beginsthis is a prototypical film noir, and as such, pretty flawless, from both style and content points of view. the photography and night settings are first rate (cinematographer joseph lashelle lets the drama ooze in scene after scene), and the close-ups on faces pure expressionism. i can watch this kind of film for the visuals alone, even when the actors struggle and the plot stinks. but the acting is first rate here, and the plot features what i consider the core of most noir films, the alienated male lead (representing the many men returning home to a changed united states after the war and feeling lost themselves). in fact, not only is dana andrews really convincing as the troubled, loner detective, he has a small but important counterpart in the film, the lead female's (first) husband, an decorated ex-gi fallen onto hard times and booze. the fact the one man kills the other might be of monumental significance, overall-- the regular guy struggling through his inner problems to success while the medal-wearing soldier slips into an accidental death with a silver plate in his head. the woman transitions from one to the other--we assume they marry and have children as suggested earlier in the movie. even if this is pushing an interpretation onto it after the fact, we can still see the path of one man with some psychological baggage careening through a crisis to the highest kind of moral order--turning himself in for a small crime just at the point he has actually gotten away with it.this movie belongs to andrews. he plays a far more restrained and moving type than kirk douglas plays in a similar role in william wyler's detective story made just one year later, and andrews certainly is less theatrical. you could easily see both movies side by side for a textbook compare and contrast session. the fact that andrews as detective dixon is morally struggling through it all, and douglas as detective mcleod is not, might explain why one man gets his girl and the other doesn't. gene tierney pulls off a hugely sympathetic, demurring, and ultimately conventional and "pretty" type of woman--not just a cardboard desirable, but someone you want dixon to actually marry. the criminal plot is really secondary to the main drama, but is effective enough in its play with types and clichés. the bit parts are kept snappy, the small details (like the portable craps table) nice touches, far from the character actors or the glamour of gambling in casablanca. but then, curtiz's great movie is iconic even in the details--it makes no effort to be subtle and real and penetrating, but instead is sweeping and memorable and inspiring. they come at opposite ends of the war, and represent opposite possibilities for their leading men. bogart is beginning his active duty, dixon, and the man dixon has killed, are all through. through, thoroughly, but not washed up.it's no accident that many, possibly most, film noirs have what you would call "happy" endings. the man overcomes his adversaries and transforms his inner self, and the moviegoer, then and now, understands just how beautiful that must feel.

where the sidewalk ends deserves to be a better known film directed by otto preminger, the man who gave the world laura. and this time, he's got the same co-stars: dana andrews and gene tierney. it must be said that tierney here is under-used in what amounts to more of a supporting role while the spotlight goes to andrews.he plays a tough, hardened cop used to dealing with a bunch of thugs in too vigorous a way until one night he accidentally kills a man in the process of arresting him. when suspicion falls on a cab driver (tom tully), he goes along with the investigation into the murder but starts to feel guilt because he's in love with the cabbie's daughter (gene tierney). tierney, by the way, looks a little too elegant for the girl she's playing here and doesn't seem to fit into the squalid background elements of the story.the story takes a grim turn as the investigation goes deeper and it's discovered that the murdered man had a silver plate in his head from his service as a war hero. by the end, it turns into a morality tale with andrews developing a conscience over his crime.it's fascinating as film noir with capable performances from a strong supporting cast. a good entry in the field of noir, forcefully directed by preminger and nicely played by andrews and tierney, despite the slight miscasting of her character.

i'm a big fan of fan of film noir, and this film by otto preminger easily stands as one of the best that i've seen! preminger has reunited two of his stars from the hit 'laura' - gene tierney and dana andrews, for an entirely different sort of crime film. laura was based around love, and this film is based around hate; as we watch police detective mark dixon, a copper already suffering scrutiny from his superiors for his heavy handed tactics, accidentally kill a suspect and try to pin the murder on a known criminal; a man by the name of tommy scalisi. the plot is brilliantly worked, and preminger excellently balances several plot points; but it all comes back down to the main moral implication surrounding our main character. the fact that the film is set in the criminal underground means that the plot is given an excellent base to work from, and director otto preminger expertly captures the sleazier side of life by showing the main characters gambling, beating one another (and their women), shooting and more - and this also helps to offset the film from the earlier 'laura', which was very much set in upper class society.the role of mark dixon gives dana andrews one of the most interesting parts of his career. here, we have a character that is difficult to like as he's so cold - but the fact that we can understand his motives ensures that he's easy to sympathise with, and that allows the audience the ability to plug into his plight. the character development is well timed, and as we've follows this character and his motivations throughout the film; everything makes sense by the end. his co-star is the beautiful gene tierney, who isn't given as much to do in this film as she was in laura; a film that made tierney its linchpin. she does well with what she's got, however, and the lead duo's chemistry is excellent and tierney helps to complete every scene she's in. i can't say that this is a better film than the earlier laura; that's a hard act to follow, but this film certainly fits into the film noir formula better than preminger's earlier film. the film also makes a good comparison piece for laura; as just about everything in this film is opposite to the 1944 movie, yet it's all strangely familiar. highly recommended to all!

otto preminger's dana andrews cycle of films noirs are among the (largely) unsung jewels of the genre. because they lack paranoia, misogyny or hysteria, they may have seemed out of place at the time, but the clear-eyed imagery, the complex play with identity, masculinity and representation, the subversion of traditional psychological tenets, the austere, geometrical style all seem startlingly modern today, and very similar to melville. the lucid ironies of this film are so loaded, brutal and ironic that the 'happy' ending is one of the cruellest in hollywood history. brilliant on the level of entertaining thriller as well, tense, and packed with double-edged dialogue.

at first glance, it would seem natural to compare where the sidewalk ends with laura. both have noirish qualities, both were directed by otto preminger, and both star dana andrews and gene tierney. but that's where most of the comparisons end. laura dealt with posh, sophisticated people with means who just happen to find themselves mixed-up in a murder. where the sidewalk ends is set in a completely different strata. these are people with barely two nickels to rub together who are more accustomed to seeing the underbelly of society than going to fancy dress parties. where the sidewalk ends is a gritty film filled with desperate people who solve their problems with their fists or some other weapon. small-time hoods are a dime-a-dozen and cops routinely beat confessions out of the crooks. getting caught-up in a murder investigation seems as natural as breathing.while i haven't seen his entire body of work, based on what i have seen, dana andrews gives one of his best performances as the beat-down cop, det. sgt. mark dixon. he's the kind of cop who is used to roughing up the local hoods if it gets him information or a confession. one night, he goes too far and accidentally kills a man. he does his best to cover it up. but things get complicated when he falls for the dead man's wife, morgan taylor (tierney), whose father becomes suspect number one in the murder case. as morgan's father means the world to her, dixon's got to do what he can to clear the old man without implicating himself.technically, where the sidewalk ends is outstanding. besides the terrific performance from andrews, the movie features the always delightful tierney. she has a quality that can make even the bleakest of moments seem brighter. the rest of the cast is just as solid with tom tully as the wrongly accused father being a real standout. beyond the acting, the direction, sets, lighting, and cinematography are all top-notch. overall, it's an amazingly well made film.if i have one complaint (and admittedly it's a very, very minor quibble) it's that tierney is almost too perfect for the role and her surroundings. it's a little difficult to believe that a woman like that could find herself mixed-up with some of these unsavory characters. it's not really her fault, it's just the way tierney comes across. she seems a little too beautiful, polished, and delicate for the part. but, her gentle, kind, trusting nature add a sense of needed realism to her portrayal.

elegance and class are not always the first words that come to mind when folks (at least folks who might do such a thing) sit around and talk about film noir. yet some of the best films of the genre, "out of the past," "the killers," "in a lonely place," "night and the city," manage a level of sleek sophistication that elevates them beyond a moody catch phrase and its connotations of foreboding shadows, fedoras, and femme-fatales. "where the sidewalk ends," a fairly difficult to find film -- the only copy in perhaps the best stocked video store in manhattan was a rough bootleg from the amc cable channel -- belongs in a category with these classics.from the moment the black cloud of opening credits pass, a curtain is drawing around rogue loner detective marc dixon's crumbling world, and as the moments pass, it inches ever closer, threatening suffocation. sure, he's that familiar "cop with a dark past", but dana andrews gives dixon a bleak stare and troubled intensity that makes you as uncomfortable as he seems. and yeah, he's been smacking around suspects for too long, and the newly promoted chief (karl malden, in a typically robust and commanding outing) is warning him "for the last time." yet dixon hates these thugs too much to stop now. and boy didn't they had have it coming? "hoods, dusters, mugs, gutter nickel-rats" he spits when that tough nut of a boss demotes him and rolls out all of the complaints the bureau has been receiving about dixon's right hook. the advice is for him to cool off for his own good. but instead he takes matters into his own hands. and what a world of trouble he finds when he relies on his instincts, and falls back on a nature that may or may not have been passed down from a generation before. right away he's in deep with the cops, the syndicate, his own partner. dixon's questionable involvement in a murder "investigation" threatens his job, makes him wonder whether he is simply as base as those he has sworn to bring in. like bogart in "lonely place," can he "escape what he is?"when he has nowhere else to turn, he discovers that he has virtually doomed his unexpected relationship with a seraphic beauty (the marvelous gene tierney) who seems as if she can turn his barren bachelor's existence into something worth coming home to. the pacing of this superb film is taut and gripping. the group of writers that contributed to the production polished the script to a high gloss -- the dialogue is snappy without disintegrating into dated parody fodder, passionate without becoming melodramatic or sappy. and all of this top-notch direction and acting isn't too slick or buffed to loosen the film's emotional hold. gene tierney's angelic, soft-focus beauty is used to great effect. she shows herself to be an actress of considerable range, and her gentle, kind nature is as boundless here as is her psychosis in "leave her to heaven." the scenes between tierney and andrews's dixon grow more intense and touching the closer he seems to self-destruction. near the end of his rope, cut, bruised, and exhausted dixon summarizes his lot: "innocent people can get into terrible jams, too,.." he says. "one false move and you're in over your head." perhaps what makes this film so totally compelling is the sense that things could go wildly wrong for almost anyone -- especially for someone who is trying so hard to do right -- with one slight shift in the wind, one wrong decision or punch, or, most frighteningly, due to factors you have no control over. noir has always reflected the darkest fears, brought them to the surface. "where the sidewalk ends" does so in a realistic fashion. (one nit-pick of an aside: this otherwise sterling film has a glaringly poor dub of a blonde model that wouldn't seem out of place on mystery science theater. how very odd.) but noir fans -- heck, any movie fans -- who haven't seen this one are in for a terrific treat.

in where the sidewalk ends, otto preminger reunites dana andrews and gene tierney, surely in hopes of recapturing the magic of his laura. but they're wildly dissimilar films, set in different strata of new york (not to mention at opposite poles of the noir universe). a fine mist of the gothic hovers over the upscale manhattan of laura, with its erotic obsession and faint whiff of necrophilia; where the sidewalk ends is pure urban soot and grit befouling a town of basement apartments, steam rooms and parking garages.but it's every bit as fine a movie as its revered forerunner, and dyed-in-the-wool noir (laura, by contrast, one of the clutch of films from 1944 which the french first dubbed `noir,' was still very much a sophisticated murder mystery). daylight enters only on very temporary sufferance, and director of photography joseph lashelle makes the most of the alleys and brownstones, the docks and the el. this is quintessential big-city - specifically big apple - noir, like several others from the bumper crop of 1950, like side street and sleeping city and the tattooed stranger and edge of doom.as the movie opens, police detective dana andrews is on the carpet for his brutal ways, particularly his vendetta towards crime boss gary merrill (whom we learn was set up in business by andrews' ne'er-do-well father). when an out-of-towner is stabbed to death at a floating crap game operated by merrill, the hair-trigger andrews roughs up a witness, causing him a fatal crack to the skull (exacerbated by a steel plate installed in the veteran's head). realizing that his job's already on the line, andrews dumps the body in the river after making it look like the suspect had taken a powder.of course, that's far from an end to it. the corpse is discovered, his estranged wife turns out to be tierney, and all the evidence starts to turn toward her father (tom tully), a hack driver who happened not only to have been cruising the same mean streets the night of the murder but to have ample reason to want his abusive son-in-law dead. but the embittered loner andrews finds in tierney a summons to his better nature; he tries to exonerate her father while still keeping his own involvement in the whole sordid business a secret....not so epigrammatic as laura, the script for where the sidewalk ends (by ben hecht) shows a pungency of its own (in a second dressing-down, his superior tells andrews, `look at you - all bunged up like a barrelhouse fag').but while laura spread its attention over half a dozen characters, here andrews is all but the sole focus (even tierney's role is far less central than her half-spectral laura). and andrews may never have excelled his performance here. it's tight-lipped and taciturn, but never more eloquent than when his face is silently registering the anguish to which his own obstinacy has brought him. he's a pent-up sufferer who can find release only through the safety-valve of violence (he even lashes out against his loyal partner, bert freed). to be sure, he finds too swift a road to redemption though the agency of his beautiful co-star. but that was the style of the times, and a sweetened-up ending does little to undermine this new york story of violence, corruption and urban entanglements.

we're a long way from laura. once again otto preminger directs, dana andrews stars as a police detective named mark, and gene tierney is the beautiful woman who haunts him, but nothing else about where the sidewalk ends resembles everyone's favorite sophisticated murder mystery. instead of deliciously quotable dialogue we get gritty, harrowing realism. while the earlier film took place in the ritzy upper echelons of new york society, here we're in the low-rent district of dark streets, hoodlums, cheap restaurants and crummy flats. tierney, gorgeous as ever, now works as a department-store mannequin and lives in washington heights (the neighborhood of the "doll" who once got a fox fur out of laura's mark mcpherson). this time andrews is mark dixon, an older, sadder, more troubled version of the cool cop in a trench coat. where the sidewalk ends belongs to a sub-genre of noir, movies about police brutality focusing on cops who can't control their violent impulses. like kirk douglas's character in detective story, dixon owes his seething contempt for crooks to his father's criminal past. where douglas is self-righteous and blind to his own faults, andrews is burdened by repressed guilt and self-loathing. he accidentally kills a suspect and covers up his actions with an attempt to throw suspicion on a slimy gangster (gary merrill) whom he has been vainly pursuing for years. instead, a kindly cab driver is suspected because he's the father of the dead man's estranged and mistreated wife morgan (gene tierney). dixon, falling in love with the wife of the man he killed, tries desperately to save her father without giving himself away. among noir protagonists, dana andrews had this distinction: he was incapable of appearing unintelligent. even when playing an average joe, as he usually did, he always comes across as unusually sensitive and perceptive; more than that, his air of being too thoughtful for his own comfort gives him that haunted--and haunting--quality that was his essence as an actor. he played ordinary guys, cops and soldiers, but always with a tragic undercurrent of seeing and knowing too much. his conscientious heroes are marked by exhaustion, guilt, the inability ever to "lighten up." no other actor could have expressed so well the bottled-up anger, the slow-burning pain, the agonized intelligence of mark dixon. he also has a muted tenderness, a muffled warmth and even wry humor that make him heartbreaking. this comes out when he takes morgan to a restaurant where he's a regular, and for the first time we see this cold, brutal man trading mock insults with the waitress, whose sarcasm can't hide her affection and concern for him. when dixon asks his partner for money to get a lawyer for morgan's father, he supplies it even though they recently argued and dixon threw a punch at him. there are no words about loyalty or knowing he's a good guy deep down, but we see it all in the man's anguished silence and his wife's resignation as she hands over some jewelry to pawn. dixon's goodness comes across through other people's reactions to him as much as through andrews's deeply moving performance. though dana andrews was a minor star, he may be the quintessential forties man. he goes through some movies hardly ever taking off his overcoat; with that boxy, mid-century silhouette, further fortified by the fedora, the glass of bourbon, the cigarette he doesn't take out of his mouth when he talks, he looks imprisoned in the masculine ideal of toughness and impassivity. while many noirs romanticize the two-fisted tough guy, where the sidewalk ends offers an unflinching portrait of the reality behind the façade, a gripping and melancholy exploration of the roots and consequences of violence.andrews was sadly underrated in his own time (he was the only one of the three protagonists in the best years of our lives not nominated for an academy award, though his low-key performance is far more compelling than frederic march's hammy, oscar-winning drunk). fortunately, andrews appeared in some films that ensured his immortality, and now at last this little-known film, which contains his best performance, can be seen as part of the marvelous fox film noir set. this series, including a number of never before released titles (such as nightmare alley and thieves' highway), suggests that twentieth-century-fox may have had the finest record of all the major studios when it came to film noir.

perhaps the most gripping and intelligent of crooked cop movies is otto preminger's 'where the sidewalks ends,' from a really excellent script by ben hecht based on the novel 'night cry' by frank rosenberg...dana andrews is the honest, tough new york policeman, always in trouble with his superiors because he likes his own strong-arm methods as much as he detests crooks... when he hit someone, his knuckles hurt... and the man he wants to hit is a smooth villain (gary merrill) who points up the title. 'why are you always trying to push me in the gutter?' he asks andrews. 'i have as much right on the sidewalk as you.'dana andrew's obsession and neurosis are implanted in his hidden, painful discovery that he is the son of a thief... his deep hatred of criminals led him to use their own illegal methods to destroy them, and the pursuit of justice became spoiled in private vendetta...by a twist of irony unique to the film itself, dana andrews and gene tierney of 'laura' are united once more, and andrews now seems to be playing the same detective a few years later, but no longer the romantic, beaten down by his job, by the cheap crooks... this time, he goes too far, and accidentally kills a suspect... the killing is accidental, the victim worthless, yet it is a crime that he knows can break him or send him to jail...using his knowledge of police procedure, he covers up his part in the crime, plants false clues, and tries to implicate a gang leader, but cannot avoid investigating the case himself... the double tension of following the larger case through to its conclusion without implicating himself in the murder, is beautifully maintained and the final solution is both logical, satisfying, and in no way a compromise...the film is one of the best detective films of the 50's, with curious moral values, also one of preminger's best... preminger uses a powerful storytelling technique, projecting pretentious camera angles and peculiar touches of the bizarre in order to externalize his suspense in realism...

ronald colman gives a terrific performance as a stage actor who really gets into his work. when he plays othello on the stage he takes on the persona with dire results. good film with a great supporting cast. well worth watching.

george cukor directs this high quality story of suspense in the theatrical world with his usual sensitive but firm touch. ronald colman's performance, which earned him an oscar, still stands up despite a few overwrought moments – it's hard to forget his haunted countenance as he struts aimlessly around social functions and tries to find meaning in his life. there are a number of interesting subtexts and cukor does an excellent job of making them clear without forcing anything too much. the script by garson kanin and ruth gordon is brilliant, mixing the rarified theater world with the seedy world of the streets and comprehensively utilizing elements from shakespeare's "king lear" as a reference to both the film's main theme of jealousy and colman's character's obsession with identity.several interesting things about this movie – superficially it could be dismissed as too flippant a treatment of the everyday problems of actors. in other words if the art of acting required such complete sublimation of individuality we would soon have a rash of psycho method actors stalking the streets. but i don't really think this story's primary concern is acting or the job/art of acting per se. i think anthony's struggles represents a broader existential question, a deeply buried uncertainty about identity. there's a key, i feel, in his relationship with his ex-wife britta (signe hasso). he says that he never would have or could have become a good actor without her inspiration. and at another point he explicitly states that his extreme identification with his roles began when he married her. i'm not sure what to make of this but it seems important to me, especially because it's his obsession with her and jealousy of her that ultimately pushes him over the top. perhaps the implication is that anthony put himself in danger in the first place by entering into a serious relationship. marriage implies a "union of the soul" in the traditional conception. it's unusual that the male and female protagonists are divorced at the beginning of the film. it's not completely unprecedented (hawks' comedy "his girl friday" springs to mind, among others), but it is unusual and probably significant, especially in light of the fact that they do not end up resolving their romantic separation. in a way, the film could be implying that jealousy is another form of self-love.

a fondly-remembered melodrama – thanks chiefly to ronald colman's fine oscar-winning central performance – about an oft-treated theme: the nature of acting and how it can overtake one's perception of reality. in this case, we have a well-known thespian tackling shakespeare's "othello", so that the film's last third delves effectively into the thriller genre – with press agent edmond o'brien (who happens to really be besotted with colman's co-star and ex-wife signe hasso) 'investigating' the actor's possible involvement in the desdemona-like strangling of a celebrity-seeking waitress (a very slim shelley winters). the theatrical/new york atmosphere of the immediate post-war era is vividly captured by the husband-and-wife screen writing team of garson kanin and ruth gordon and legendary "actor's director" george cukor (all of whom were recognized by the academy with nominations); incidentally, the film nabbed a second oscar for miklos rozsa's eclectic score. colman, forever the suave leading man blessed besides with a velvety voice, does well enough by shakespeare – gaining conviction the farther his character slips into obsessive jealousy, a murderous rage and, eventually, paranoia; however, he is not let down by a supporting cast which also includes director ray collins, reporter millard mitchell, detective joe sawyer and coroner whit bissell. though the mid-section is a bit strained, the film makes up for any deficiencies with a remarkably-handled expressionist denouement.

george cukor directs a brooding and cynical classic. the distinctive ronald coleman is at his best in this piece of noir about an actor who loses himself in his roles. the acclaimed anthony john(colman)has driven his wife brita(signe hasso)away with his highly fueled temper and erratic behavior. but the two manage to continue working together to please their audiences. things begin to change as john is becoming bored with his career; he reluctantly agrees to play othello. he gets deep into character as a jealous and murderous man. he begins walking a thin line between illusion and reality and ends up confusing his role with his own life and eventually kills his mistress(shelley winters),but has no memory of the dastardly deed.colman seems faultless in this role. winters is very impressive as the young woman determined to get away from her squalid life. also in the cast: edmond o'brien, ray collins, joe sawyer and whit bissell.

colman's performance is aided by the brilliantly written script. the gargantuan hollywood studios in the 30's and 40's were able to copy some of the german expressionistic film elements and incorporate them into hollywood films. very good use of shadows and light and silhouette. i really liked the scene where colman turns off the light in his dressing room near the beginning of the film, and he starts reciting othello while his face becomes instantly dark and evil. already the viewer sees the text and the drama of shakespeare getting a hold of "tony" and off he goes on his journey of doom. i also enjoyed the dramatic death scene within the play, when he becomes overwrought with emotion and accidentally strangles his costar a little too hard for her to bear. her pleadings "tony stop you're hurting me" are chilling and suspenseful. you just don't know if he is going to go over the top and kill her at any moment. the cat and mouse chase to reveal the killer was nicely added 2/3rds of the way through the film to add some faster pacing and to also add to the narrative element of the film. masterful work from george cukor. he's such as skillful director. excellent film. too bad they don't make 'em like they used to...

when an actor has to play the role of an actor, fictional or factual, the task becomes much more difficult than playing a role. in a double life,ronald coleman surpassed himself as anthony john, the tortured double personality. he put into that character all his talent and sincerity. the facial expressions, mannerisms,gait and stance spoke eloquently of what anthony john was going through while playing othello on stage. coleman also did extremely well as a shakespearean actor in those short scenes as othello that were part of this gem of a movie. closups of coleman's face as othello tortured by doubts about the fidelity of desdemona were in themselves scenes worth watching.add to that, his character's off stage desperation and only someone with coleman's depth of acting perception can achieve. it was like watching spenser tracy as dr. jekyll and mr. hyde, except this double role was much more profound and poignant. shelly winters looked so sweet, vulnerable and gorgeous at the same time and added her talent to the movie. it is believed that ronald coleman liked his role in this film above all others he played and went on to win the oscar for best actor in 1947. i would see this movie repeatedly and never feel bored.

ronald colman plays a famous broadway actor who has begun to lose his mind and sense of identity. after years of playing a wide range of parts, he can't remember who he exactly is--who are his roles and who is the self. and, much more serious, he begins to see and hear his play even in regular everyday life. so, since he's currently playing in "othello", he begins to act jealous and suspicious--just like the title character. ultimately, it leads him to the depths of insanity and murder.i saw this film years ago and liked it. i just saw it again and loved it. now perhaps some of my enthusiasm is because i have always liked ronald colman and this is a great triumph for him--and for which he earned the best actor oscar. and, looking at the competition that year (gregory peck for gentleman's agreement, john garfield for body and soul, william powell for life with father and michael redgrave for mourning becomes electra), i think colman was a very good choice, as he stretched from his usual comfort zone and did a much more demanding role.now i noticed that one reviewer hated this film because they hated shakespeare--and this took up about half their review talking about their dislike for him. however, this film isn't really about shakespeare, and it doesn't matter at all if you dislike shakespeare. i am no huge fan of shakespeare, but marveled at the small portions of the play that colman re-enacted--though, as i said, this is not a really movie about shakespeare. instead, it's a wonderful portrait of an actor losing his mind and mixing his stage role with reality. it could have been any play, though "othello" was an excellent choice because of the murder scene--which gets acted out for real later in the film.overall, a very clever film due to a lovely script--with some overtones of film noir. fortunately, the acting was terrific also, as colman had excellent support from signe hasso, shelly winters and edmond o'brien (who was particularly good--he played his part just right). and, considering the great george cukor was directing, it's no wonder it's a wonderful film from start to finish.

if you like "othello," you'll love this flick since half the movie revolves around the stage production of the play.the film has a great cast with signe hasso and shelley winters as the women in colman's life while edmond o'brien plays the enterprising press agent.a couple of the supporting players i particularly liked were millard mitchell as the grizzled reporter who finds an angle and joe sawyer, the 1940's answer to drew carey, who plays the cop on the case.great raw moments in this one with noir realism throughout.

i like my ronald colman dashing and debonair, the fellow you see in such films as if i were king and kismet. i like him as the epitome of civilization as in the lost horrizon and random harvest. a brooding colman isn't a favorite of mine.but in a double life precisely because his part as actor anthony john is so offbeat for him, colman was recognized with a best actor oscar for 1947. it became his best known part.colman is an actor who really does take the method quite seriously. he's just finished a successful run in a comedy of manners and he's quite the jovial fellow. for a change of pace now that that play has concluded its broadway run, colman is bringing a revival of othello to new york. about as opposite a part as you can get.his leading lady in both is his former wife signe hasso who loves him dearly, but can't take his change of moods when he's at work. colman loves her dearly as well and wants her back. but he's heading for a mental breakdown when he starts confusing himself with the jealous moor othello and hasso with her role as desdemona.unfortunately shelley winters as a poor waitress who a depressed colman picks up gets in the way of his madness and she winds up like poor desdemona in the play. killed in the same manner and now it's a matter for homicide cop joe sawyer.colman's performance is so good that one does kind of wonder is this an occupational hazard with actors? i'd shudder to think so, were there any unsolved homicides in or around laurence olivier and orson welles then they essayed othello. i could never quite buy the story for that reason, but i certainly do applaud ronald colman and what he did with the part. i'm sure there was a tinge of regret in him winning the oscar though because one of the other nominees was his good friend william powell for life with father. others in the running that year were gregory peck for gentlemen's agreement, john garfield for body and soul, and michael redgrave for mourning becomes electra.colman gets able support from the rest of the cast including edmond o'brien who finds himself in the unwanted part of cassio in colman's jealous fantasy. still you will find no iago equivalent in a double life, no one prodding the jealousy, it's all in his own mind.and that from one of the most cultivated and civilized minds of the last century.

a double life has developed a mystique among film fans for two reasons: the plot idea of an actor getting so wrapped up into a role (here othello) as to pick up the great flaw of that character and put it into his life; and that this is the film that won ronald colman the academy award (as well as the golden globe) as best actor. let's take the second point first.is anthony john colman's greatest role, or even his signature role? i have my doubts on either level - but it is among his best known roles. most of his career, ronald colman played decent gentlemen, frequently in dangerous or atypical situations. he is bulldog drummond (cleaned up in the goldwyn production not to be an arrogant racist) fighting crime. he is raffles, the great cricket player and even greater burglar, trying to pull off his best burglary to save a friend's honor. he is robert conway, the great imperial political figure, who is kidnapped and brought to that paradise on earth, shangri-la. he is dick heldar, manfully going to his death after he learns his masterpiece has been destroyed and knowing he is now blind and useless as an artist. i can add sidney carton and rudolf rassendyll to this list. but here he is not heroic. in fact he is unconsciously villainous - he murders one person and nearly kills two others. it does not matter that he is obviously mentally ill - his behavior here is anti-social.to me colman should have gotten the oscar for heldar, or carton, or conway - all more typical of his acting roles. but the academy has a long tradition of picking atypical roles for awarding it's treasure to it's leading members. colman's anthony john is a very good performance, and at one point truly scary. when alone with signe hasso in her home, she at the top of a staircase and him at the base, they have an argument. she demands that "tony" leave, saying she won't see him. he stares at her, his face oddly hardening in a way he never used before, and he says, "oh, no you won't!" he starts moving upstairs, frightening hasso, and she runs into her room. he stops himself and leaves. it actually is the real highpoint of his performance - even more than his assaulting of hasso on stage, or of edmond o'brien, or his killing of shelley winters. it showed his blind fury. for that moment it was (to me) an oscar-worthy performance. but it is only that moment. i'm glad he was recognized for the role, but he should have gotten the award for a more consistent performance.his actual performance in the shakespearian role of othello is not great, but bearable. too frequently he lets the dialog roll off his tongue in a kind of forced singing style (one wonders if that was due to the coaching of walter hampden, who probably knew how to handle the role properly, or a reaction to it). nowadays "othello" is played by an african american actor more frequently than a white one. paul robeson's brilliant performance in the role set that new tradition firmly into place. but the three best known movie performances of the part are those of colman, orson welles in his movie of othello, and laurence olivier in his movie of his play production of othello. all three white actors did the role in black face. my personal favorite of the three is welles, who seems the most subtle. but even watching welles' fine film version makes me angry that robeson never got to put his performance (with jose ferrer as iago) on film.now the first question - can an actor get that wrapped up in a role? i heard different things about this. some actors have admitted taking a role home with them from the theater or movie set. others have found a role they have to be stimulating, influencing them on a new cause of action regarding their lives or some aspect of life. but actually i have never heard of anyone who turned homicidal as the result of a role. it seems a melodramatic, hackneyed idea.as a matter of fact it was not a new idea in 1947 with cukor, kanin, and gordon. in 1944 a "b" feature, the brighton strangler, starring john loder, had used a similar plot about an actor who is playing an infamous "jack the ripper" type, and who starts committing those type of killings after an accident affects his mind. there was an earlier movie in the 1930s, in which an actor playing othello gets jealous of his wife (i think the title was men are not gods, but i'm not sure). but due to colman's name and career, and cukor's directing, it is a double life that people think of when they recall this plot idea. it even reached comedy (finally) on an episode of cheers, where diane chambers is helping an ex-convict who may have acting talent, and they put on othello at the bar, just after he sees her with sam malone kissing. only diane is aware of the personality problem of the ex-convict, and can't delay the production long enough (she tries to start a discussion into the history and symbolism of the play). the cast of a double life was first rate, and cukor's direction was as sure as ever. so the film is definitely worth watching. but despite giving colman an interestingly different role, it was not his best work on the screen.

ronald colman gives an electrifying performance as tony john, a broadway actor who can't separate his offstage life from shakespeare's othello, the character he plays on stage....two important scenes illustrate tony's dilemma. the first one takes place in producer max lasker's office. acting is a matter of talent for the practical-minded lasker. but donlan, tony's friend, disagrees: "no, no. when you do it like tony does it, it's much more. the way he has of becoming someone else every night...so completely. no, don't tell me his whole system isn't affected by it."....the other scene occurs in waitress pat kroll's apartment. tony tells her his name is martin. she thanks him. then he says: "or paul. hamlet. joe. and maybe othello."....when tony begins rehearsing othello, we learn that though he's trying to keep his real life separated from his stage life, "the part begins to seep into your life, and the battle begins. reality against imagination." he can't keep the two separated: in his mind pat is desdemona and he's othello, and he wrongly believes she has been unfaithful to him. he murders her....colman's bravura performance, in a complex and difficult role, earned him 1947's academy award for best actor. oscar nominations went to ruth gordon and garson kanin for best original screenplay. not to be overlooked is milton krasner's atomspheric cinematography.

i stumbled on this late last night n tcm.hadn't seen it since it came out originally, but had never forgotten it.i had completely forgotten how gorgeous and talented signe hasso was when she was still young, ditto for shelly winters before she balooned out.ronald coleman, though, was the quintessential state actor of his time - i had read othello in high school english - and hated it. after seeing "a double life" i read it again and finally understood what the play was about.the gordon/kanin writing team was at its peak when this script was done -a movie well worth remembering and rewatching,

one of the more intelligent serial killer movies in recent history. zodiac killer offers an imaginative take on the background and history of one of the most notorious serial killers. the filmmakers create an unexpectedly good insight into the pathology of this mysterious killer, and anyone who remembers zodiac will be intrigued. others will want to discover more about this enigmatic criminal. unlike many serial killers, zodiac was not insane at all but very methodical and a self-promoter. the director here plays viewer expectations and pulls it off. the film is constructed as a murder mystery, or a "cold case"-style thriller. it is an intelligent investigative/procedural-style horror film that will put-off gore-hounds in search of cheap thrills.some people dislike any movie that is shot on video. this attitude is very old-style and provincial. it is an attitude and view of movies that puts technical issues above entertainment value or artistic value. these attitudes are on the way out. zodiac killer is a low-budget film, no doubt, but discerning viewers will look beyond that and find a carefully-crafted gem.

zodiac killer (2005) was an interesting film from german born director ulli lommel. he directs, produced and co-stars in this latest production. not only does he manage to make an interesting film on the cheap. but he reaches a new low when herr lommel works in footage from nearly his entire film catalog. i have seen film clips from boogeyman i and ii, war birds, tenderness of the wolf, brain waves and cocaine cowboys (even andy warhol makes a cameo from beyond the grave courtesy of this film). even though he uses plenty of old footage, he works them in well (and very creatively might i add).the film follows a young man who copies the original zodiac killer. he also corresponds with a writer (ulli lommel) who originally wrote about the serial killer during the late sixties and early seventies. the writer's friend (david hess) helps him to try and find this wannabe zodiac. can this killer be stopped? will the writer put two and two together and reclaim some of his old glory? is david hess still the man? you'll have to find out for yourself and watch the zodiac killer.this film is not about the original zodiac killer. i have also heard people whine about this film being shot on video. so what. the director's old school artistic style outshines the fact that it's shot on video. my only complaint was the over use of stock footage from herr lommel's earlier films (but i understand why "wink" "wink".) don't believe the hype. this is a gritty and street level horror film. like the disclaimer in the beginning states, this film does nor glorify murder. you got to like that statement.highly recommend for ulli lommel fans.

some bad reviews here for this and i understand why but treat it as a low budget serial killer film and you might get more from it than most.i thought that this worked in a way because afterwards i felt dirty and wanted to take a long shower so that is some degree of success isn't it?i would say there is just the right level of sleaze here to get under your skin although the acting is maybe a bit too uneven. david hess is only in this brielfy so don not get your hopes up to much if you like last house.other than that - worth a look.

why a stupid, boring, crappy overrated film series like "star wars" gets all the hype, and a truly amazing film like this one goes completely un-noticed.. is beyond me... this movie will really open your eyes to the dark, disturbing, sad, and scary world we live in...unlike the boring "elephant", this movie isn't one of those "just a typical day until someome pulls the trigger" movies.. this movie focuses more on what happens after the event...deana, played by the very hot and very talented erika christensen, is a happy and healthy straight-a student with great friends and a great life... until... she is injured on the day of the shooting, by being shot in the head.. luckily she is not killed, but is severely injured and has to be in the hospital for a while, causing her to be in a lot of emotional pain, in addition to the physical...meanwhile, alicia, played by the also very gorgeous and talented busy phillips, is a nasty, cold-hearted, rebellious, anti-social goth girl who doesn't have a single positive trait on her... and she is unharmed when the shooting happens.. because it turns out, she was friends with the shooter and knew he was going to do what he did... which causes her to be brought into the police station and be asked some questions.. when she refuses to tell the cops if she knew the shooting was going to happen, they constantly come by her house to try to convince her to say something... and she still doesn't, so the principal of the school makes her attend a funeral of one of the dead students, and after she walks out on that... the principal decides enough is enough, and forces her to go visit deana in the hospital.. of course she refuses this too, but the principal says that if alicia doesn't do this, the cops are going to continue to try to get her to say something.. and so she actually goes to see her...the lonely, traumatized, and both physically and emotionally wounded deana is more than happy to have someone visit her, but of course, alicia is anything but happy to be seeing her.. deana attempts to give her a friendly welcome, but of course, alicia responds with nothing but harsh and hurtful comments and a harsh statement on how she is only here because she is being forced, and has no intention of being friendly with her at all. but sooner or later, that intention will change... (and that's all i'll say :) this is truly one of the most moving movies ever, as well as one of the most dark and disturbing.. actually, i think i would tie this with "american history x" as equally disturbing and moving at the same time...warning: watch this movie at your own risk!! it contains very graphic scenes and images! excellent and criminally under-appreciated movie! i feel so ashamed that i'm pretty much the only one that knows about it!

i have copies of both these movies the classic where robert blake is a mighty fine actor where most of the 1967 movie blake is more shown standing by a window in jail telling his childhood life where it makes since why he killed the clutter family doesn't show much in the classic of what really went on an doesn't tell us which one really done the killing but it's a great eye catcher really if you watch the 1996 movie in cold blood the classic makes a lot more sence .

the 1967 in cold blood was perhaps more like "the real thing" (think about it: would we really want to see the real thing?), but it was black and white in a color world, and a lot of people didn't even know what it was, and there was an opportunity to remake it for television. plus, if you remake it, you can show some stuff not shown in the original. the book in cold blood by truman capote was the first "nonfiction novel". truman's book was in fact not 100% true to the real story. i thought the canadian location sufficed for kansas pretty much for a tv movie. look for the elements of sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll: dick's womanizing, perry being an aspirin junkie, perry playing blues guitar.

this was a pretty good film. i'm not sure if this is considered a spoiler comment, but i didn't want to take a chance. anyway, near the end of the film, the prosecutor reads a scripture verse and then quotes another from memory. i can't remember the first passage he reads, but the second one is genesis 9:6. he says it's genesis 9:12, but he actually quotes verse 6. this is a common passage that many use to defend capital punishment. it's too bad that prosecutors dare not quote the bible today. did anybody ever hear of john jay, the first supreme court justice in the history of this country? he said that the bible is the best of all books. too bad we've lost that view in america.

after reading the book, i happened across this dvd at wal-mart for 3 bucks and thought, sure, what the hell... i got the dvd and watched it last night. when i started watching it, i checked the run time and it was about 90 minutes. i thought, ok cool... it seemed to run rather slowly, knowing the story and how much of it there was. by the time i got to the actual killings, i was like, "how much time does this have left?" checked. "one minute?! what the hell?!" i felt incredibly cheated, thinking that the movie only progressed through a third of the overall story.but then, i happily noticed that the dvd's scene selection menu included a part 1 and a part 2. i still had another hour and a half to go! i then sat very happily and enjoyed the second half of the movie, even more so than the first.i admit that i have not seen the 1967 original film (despite my sincerest desire to), i have however read the novel and felt that this was a fairly descent film, for a two-part tv miniseries, that is. i think the casting of the role of perry was completely wrong and a few minor inconsistencies jumped out at me, but still very well done. the first half drags on a bit, while the second half is much more gripping. i think they should have proportioned the movie more like capote did his book: 1/3 before the murders, 1/3 after, and 1/3 after the killers are arrested. instead, the film makes it more 1/2 before the murders, 1/4 after, and 1/4 after the killers are arrested. again, this makes the second half more exciting, but at the same time, less compelling while making the first half drag on and on...now i look back and realize i have just made the same mistake about making things drag on and on, so i will shut the hell up. go watch the movie and make up your own damn mind! nick houston

although i generally do not like remakes believing that remakes are waste of time; this film is an exception. i didn't actually know so far until reading the previous comment that this was a remake, so my opinion is purely about the actual film and not a comparison.the story and the way it is written is no question: it is capote. there is no need for more words.the play of anthony edwards and eric roberts is superb. i have seen some movies with them, each in one or the other. i was certain that they are good actors and in case of eric i always wondered why his sister is the number 1 famous star and not her brother. this time this certainty is raised to fact, no question. his play, just as well as the play of mr. edwards is clearly the top of all their profession.i recommend this film to be on your top 50 films to see and keep on your dvd shelves.

this two-part tv mini-series isn't as good as the original from 1966 but it's solid. the original benefited from a huge number of things---it was all in black and white, it had a great jazz score and it was filmed at the real locations, including the home of the doomed clutter family. that was important because in the book and in the original movie the home is very much a character itself.this remake was filmed in canada which i guess doubles okay for kansas. the story tries to be as sympathetic to perry as it dares to and eric roberts plays him as a somewhat fey person, his homosexuality barely hidden. the gentler take by roberts doesn't quite work in the end though because it's hard to believe that his version of perry smith would just finally explode in a spasm of murder. whereas robert blake's take on smith left you no doubt that his perry smith was an extremely dangerous character.anthony edwards was excellent as the bombastic, big-mouthed and ultimately cowardly dick hickcock, the brains of the outfit. his performance compares very well to scott wilson's role in the original movie.since this is a longer movie it allows more time to develop the clutter family and in this regard i think the 1996 movie has an advantage. the clutters are just an outstanding, decent family. they've never harmed another soul and it is just inexplicable that such a decent family is ultimately massacred in such a horrifying way. it still boggles my mind that, after the clutters were locked in the bathroom, that herb clutter didn't force out the window so at least his children would have a chance to escape. this movie has the thought occur to him, but too late. from what i read about the real home, which is still standing, the way the bathroom is configured they could've opened the counter drawers and effectively barricaded the door which would've forced the killers to blast their way in. but it might've bought time for some of the clutters to escape. why the clutters didn't try this, i have no idea.fans of the book will recognize that this movie takes a lot of liberties with how the crime is committed but not too serious. still, it's distracting to viewers like me who have read tons about the case. the actors playing the cops, led by sam neill and leo rossi, are uniformly excellent, much better, i think, as a group, than the actors in the original movie. they know that to secure the noose around the necks of both of them they have to get them to confess. and the officers come to the interview impeccably prepared. they had already discovered the likely alibi the phony story of going to fort scott, and had debunked every jot of it. the officers then let smith & hickcock just walk into their trap. hickcock is a b.s. artist who figures he can convince anyone of anything and the officers respectfully let him tell his cover story. but when they lower the boom on him, he shatters very quickly. it's very well filmed and acted and very gratifying to watch because the viewer naturally should loath hickcock in particular by this point, a cowardly con-man who needs the easily manipulated smith to do his killing for him. supposedly hickcock later stated that the real reason for the crime wasn't to steal money from the clutters but to rape nancy clutter. at least she was spared that degradation.the actors playing the clutters are very good, kevin tighe as herb clutter in particular. the story sensitively deals with mrs. clutter's emotional problems, most likely clinical depression, and mrs. clutter displays remarkable inner strength when she firmly and strongly demands that the killers leave her daughter alone. from what i've read the clutters' surviving family was particularly bothered by how bonnie clutter was portrayed in the book, claiming it was entirely untrue. but as an aside, both of the killers related to the police how mr. clutter asked them to not bother his wife because of her long illness. capote might make up that fiction to make the character of bonnie more interesting but certainly the killers had no reason to falsely portray mrs. clutter and no doubt much of the conversation in the book (duplicated in the movies) is right off the taped confessions of the killers. so it would've been nonsensical for herb to have said that and not have it be true.

like others, i have seen and studied most of the books and films concerning the clutter killings, including a few dramatic works thematically based on the actions and psycho-mythology of the participants to the crime -- including capote himself. as to capote, i cannot forgive him for willfully withholding perry smith's confessions, intimacies and writings from even the defense counsels. i believe truths and facts capote "reserved" for his "book," which required for capote two guilty verdicts and capital punishment, would almost certainly have sustained a successful insanity defense for perry smith even under the old mcnaughton rule. capote himself could never write another major literary work after "in cold blood." shame and guilt. in my opinion, he willingly encouraged and planned the brutal capital punishment to provide the spectacular ending he required for his book/drama. to him, both men had to die for his book to succeed. the book had to justify itself by pretending it was about the horror of capital punishment. his actions and silence assured that ice-cold conclusion.capote's book is not truth. it is not factual or journalistic. it is drama and melodrama spiced with his own creatively psychotic imagination. what most people consider the virtues of the contemporaneous first movie are stark images of capote's mind, which may have been the most cold-blooded aspect of all. no wonder viewers ironically but necessarily prefer blake's performance. that actor is the nightmare from capote's dishonest imaginings.so who is to say how the two killers should be played? who is to judge what could make an essentially poetic psychotic snap from excessive courtesy and kindness to "do it now" killing? i agree with the few who see in eric roberts' work a magnificent performance, shakespearean in its range, yet played with heartbreaking sincerity. anthony edwards takes a much safer "attitude mode" to create a smarmy hickok; but he is one-dimensional and boring, with only a few notes in his television range. roberts is almost four-dimensional, adding physical weakness and agony to a powerful animal body, a frankenstein creature who thinks in poetry and knows exactly what not to do. like leopold apropos loeb, robert's perry smith is hopelessly in love with an evil man. without hickok or a man of his particularities, perry smith would not have brought his psychotic mind into a world of horrors. he fears himself more than he fears anything else in life.given the freedom from capote's death grip on the consciousness of the clutter killings, roberts and edwards are free to create original personalities and psychoses to craft a different and new production of the drama. same facts, some of the same lines from the case record, but deeper, more complex, with clearly titanic psychotic stresses -- indeed roberts is so good at this fluidic madness that he physically and facially demonstrates in every moment how little awareness he has of where or who he is.what many of our reviewers dislike about this film, roberts in particular, is that cold-blooded killing isn't shown the way they expect and have been manipulated to demand. that is because here we are seeing a far more profoundly realistic "interpretation of life and death" than capote could ever create -- a real tragedy.the actual cold-blooded killer, mr. capote, and his hypocritically artistic "non-fiction novel" do not control these interpretations and performances.if "in cold blood" and capote's effect on life, literature and truth matters as much as scholars say, then it takes guts as well as talent to portray the truth, or a version of the truth, that is not the rank, cowardly lie drawn up from the fathoms of capote's own abyss.

i am from sweden and i have just seen this movie and the thing is that i thought it was okay. i have seen many bad comments about it but you must remember that a lot of people that watch this two parts miniseries are located all over the world and not just in usa. also remember that not everyone has ever heard of the film made in the 60:s and maybe not in the events(murders). and even more...that it can be hard to find the original movie and if so there always be people around that doesn't like black/white films. this one feels fresh and in color and will find its public. its 12 years old now but i just saw it for the first time. i will try to find the first one if i can to compare them but i haven't seen it anywhere in sweden. ofcorse there is internet but not for anyone in the world. the thing here is that this is mostly part of an american crime-history and was big in the 50-60:s in just usa but in rest of the world it just past by i guess. well it was told about for some time but 40 years later it will fade away in for example europa cause time goes by. we had our own problems and crimes so if someone will do a remake of the film and put it back in some light again its not a bad idea at all. a new generation can take part of this horrible story and even the film about capote that was released just a few years ago witch was a pretty good film too i think. it will boost interest to the events that took place some 50 years ago and maybe stop it to fall in sleep. it started me up and now i am looking for the robert blake-version so it wasn't that bad...huh? this are my opinions. some people will of course disagree but hey...its okay. sometimes there will be okay with remakes on old films. its not every time the old ones are that good. the film-making techniques has developed a lot and scenes can be made more realistic if they want today. its always a question of money of course. there has been so many movies that were made in the "good old days" but there were also money missing, bad directors etc, and they remakes them today (50 years later) and suddenly they are okay to watch. my friend got this box of old classic horror-movies and s/f and i cant say i was impressed of the so called good old days. most of them you cold put in the trashcan directly. they were so bad that we just sat there like zombies...could not move...like brain-dead. i cant recommend them to anyone. some of them i have seen remakes of and i remember liking them...but not the originals. they were just painful awful. this is like the old story of who was the best bond...moore or connery...i think if you see roger moore first you maybe find him the one to trust or like... thanks for me and i am sorry for my english, thats not so good. /lars from sweden

i was up late flipping cable channels one night and ran into this movie from about 10 minutes into the start - every time i even thought going to bed, something kept on telling me to keep on watching it even though it was way way way past my bedtime.this movie could have been another easy slam dunk anti-gun film, but instead they chose to examine the aftereffects of the shootings. and even better, the movie kept on with the real life - just when you think they are going to take the easy and obviously contrived way out, a twist comes along and changes the whole outlook of the movie. this film not only doesn't follow the formula, it shows how other events often lead up to and/or affect what happens afterwards.i only wish the filmmakers had explored the issues around anti-depressant drugs more - the kids from columnbine who did the shootings were on them for years and it was frightening to watch the way deanna popped them every time the nightmares started. up until recently they were dispensing the stuff like candy and only now do they even begin to understand what long term effects the drugs have. it was very refreshing to see that the mental illness aspect of the story was given quite a bit of film, having a relative who suffers from a mental illness, i can say that the movie was dead nuts on in every aspect of mental illnesses. bravo to the director and writer who obviously did their homework on those issues. and for those who think certain things couldn't happen in a hospital (i don't want to tell any particulars), you're dead wrong on that too - i've been there. the script was so real it was amazing.go buy this film and show it to your teenage kids before it's too late. someday they'll thank you for it.

24 has got to be the best spy/adventure series tv had ever aired. the whole idea of telling a story in a 24 hour real time period is dazzling. the style of filming and pacing is what hooks us to watch it. and jack bauer is one of the greatest protagonists in a tv series in a long time. i rate this, along with the simpsons and the x-files, my three most favorite tv series.this first episode begins with the conspiracy to assassinate us senator david palmer who is also running for president. bauer is called to his office in order to discover who is behind all this and, at the same time, figure his daughter's path to the unkwown after fleeing from her bedroom. thus, begins an adventure on the best political style and, what's best of it, is that it always takes place in real time, which makes this tv series a real work of originality in a time where almost every program on tv seems to be showing us the same things over and over and over.

24 is the best television show!!!!! it's an incredible tv series with an incredible suspense, excellent plots and unforgettable characters. and the first episode of all is my best evidence. because it's only the first episode, only the introduction, and you are hooked because of the plot and the continuous twists and turns.jack bauer is a federal agent who is assigned the protection of the senator david palmer. he can't trust in anybody because people of the ctu may be involved. and, when this events occurred his daughter: kimberly escapes from house to a party. but...at the end of the episode, you want to watch more, and more, and more. it's only the first of the lot, and it's excellent.

the first time i saw this episode was like a shock to me, it was actually the first time i saw "24". the speed things are happening is amazing, and it's so surprising, thrilling, and even interesting, it's almost as if you are reading a book; once you start it, it's very hard to stop. from the minute richard walsh was talking privately to jack about the possibility that they have a mole inside ctu, i was sitting 6:40 hours, which means 10 episodes!!! (sounds funny and crazy, but i'm the kind of guy which when he is interested he just can't stop)this series is one of the best of it's kind. and it's build in a way of having a few different stories that are being connected together. recommended in every way!

"addictive" is an adjective i've heard many times when talking of certain tv shows. most recently, dramas like lost, heroes and prison break have earned that description. however, as compelling as they may be (and they really are) i can wait a few days before i see the next episode of either series, even prison break which some have lazily classified as "the new 24". with all due respect, there can be no such thing, and for a good reason: no other silver-screen thriller is based on a real-time structure. that's what sets 24 apart from any other show, and that's why i practically have to watch an entire season (on dvd) in seven days or less: once the frickin' clock starts ticking, it's impossible to tune out.an episode whose events unfolded over the course of a single day was a trademark of nypd blue (and, more recently, deadwood); having an entire season of a new series last 24 hours, one per ep (the actual running time is 41 minutes; the remaining 19 are occupied by commercials when the show airs on telly), was the most groundbreaking idea in mainstream television since hill street blues introduced non-linear storytelling (a mandatory element nowadays). and it truly paid off.ironically enough, the original plan for the series was to make it revolve around a wedding (fortunately, creators joel surnow and robert cochran realized the format was more suitable for a conspiracy thriller), which is probably the reason the first glimpse we get of the hero suggests a cheerful atmosphere: looking extremely relaxed, jack bauer (kiefer sutherland) is enjoying a game of chess with his daughter kimberly (elisha cuthbert) and, minutes later, being tender with teri (leslie hope), the wife with whom he has just reconciled. as in the sopranos, though, something unexpected and shocking is just behind the corner: not only has kim snuck out of her room, jack also receives a phone call urging him to get to work immediately. at midnight? i'm afraid so: bauer is a ctu (counter terrorist unit) agent, and his boss has acquired reliable intel about a possible hit on the life of david palmer (dennis haysbert), an african-american presidential candidate who will be in los angeles for the whole day (oh, right, i almost forgot: events occur on the day of the california presidential primary). no time for napping, then: jack has to spend the next 24 hours working on the case. unfortunately, he has a tendency to ignore protocol, and that doesn't sit well with george mason (xander berkeley), a slimy man from division who has been asked to interfere with the operation.the plot is very dense, making the show hard to recommend for those with a short attention span, but anyone willing to take a look will be rewarded instantly: the writing is sharp and precise, the attention to detail unsurpassed, and the suspense is consistently sky-high, mainly thanks to the real-time trickery which considerably enhances the adrenaline level.another great quality of this pilot is the characterization: most genre shows (sci-fi and thriller) tend to simply introduce the key players and then define them later on (a textbook example is csi, where character development is minimal, but then again that matches the show's unique style), whereas the series debut of 24 offers a rich array of fully rounded people, among whom jack (sutherland's best role - ever!) and palmer (the real revelation of the show) stand out for being perfectly described after one episode only (the former divided between job and family, reckless but humane, the latter honorable and endowed with great integrity). a couple of supporting parts border on stereotype (mason and tony almeida especially), but two factors ought to be taken into account: a) this is the first episode; b) there's so much going on most viewers won't even complain about a "flaw" or two. after all, how many network programs manage to begin with a conspiracy, a missing teenager and a huge explosion - and still have equally satisfying material for the rest of the season?tick, tock, tick, tock...

on the day of the california presidential primary, between midnight and 1:00 am, the spy victor rovner sends a message from kuala lumpur to usa. meanwhile, in los angeles, the federal agent jack bauer has returned to his family and is having trouble at home with his teenage daughter kimberly, who blames her mother teri for putting jack out of the house. teri and jack decide to have a serious conversation with kim, and they discover that the girl has run away home. while trying to solve his domestic problem, jack is called to his counter terrorist unit by his colleague nina myers for a meeting with their chief richard walsh, who discloses a menace against the life of senator david palmer, who is running for president, and they need to find the shooter. later, walsh has a private conversation with jack and tells that there is a conspiracy in the agency against david palmer, and assigns jack to find the conspirators. when an airplane explodes over the mojave desert, jack has one additional issue to worry about.the first episode of "24" is a promising beginning of a successful series, introducing jack bauer. this is the first time that i have watched this show and i confess that i liked what i have seen: a complex and dramatic story, with multiple and realistic characters. kiefer sutherland is perfect in the role of a family man and a reliable agent in charge of three difficult missions at the same time: find a killer to protect an important politician; find a traitor in his agency; and find his teenage daughter, who is getting in trouble, while trying to save his marriage. my vote is eight.title (brazil): "12:00"

i was never a big fan of television until i watched 24 for the first time. i got into the series very late. season 5 ended before i even saw my very first episode. it was an episode of series 3 that was on my parents dvr (digital video recorder) box while i was house sitting for the weekend. it took that one episode for me to be hook line and sinker into the world of jack bauer. and boy was i hooked!! i watched the next six episodes without blinking an eye. the next day i went to blockbuster and signed up for an unlimited month pass for twenty something dollars and needless to say it has been the greatest blockbuster money i've ever spent. i watched the first three seasons in three weeks. that's 72 forty minute episodes!!! i will say that finding out what happens next is easier on dvd than waiting an entire week. i can only imagine the anticipation of watching season 6 week to week!! i find it mildly torturous and cruel but i'm going to give it a try and watch it just like the rest of america!! the dvr is set and you can bet i'll be chomping at the bit!!

what a surprise; two outstanding performances by the lead actresses in this film. this is the best work busy phillips has ever done and the best from erika christensen since traffic. this film certainly should be in oscar contention. see this movie!

i couldn't believe the comments made about the movie.as i read the awful opinions about the movie i actually wondered if you had actually viewed the same movie that i did.what i viewed was incredible! i think the actresses and director did a fantastic job in the movie.i hadn't had the pleasure to see either actress previously and i couldn't have been more set back by the incredible job that they did i'd have to say its the most believable movie that i've seen in a long time. what i don't see is why everyone has such a problem with deanna's choice of drug in the attempt of suicide scene, from the comments made you sound like it was the actresses choice and her stupid choice. that i don't understand, its a movie written by someone else and directed by someone else so how it can be the actresses error i fail to see. i think it was a real believable movie that i would see again and recommend. opinions are what the are and its too bad that so many are so close minded. i hope to see any of the actors soon i think that all played great roles.busy philipps will be the highest paid actress someday and i hope she can laugh in the face of everyone that criticized her! you go girl!

other reviewers here seem to think this is an awful film. that's simply not true and a little unfair.the acting is of a good quality and the direction moves on with a decent fluidity. i don't think there's anything wrong with the tarantino-esquire way of interlocking stories together. perhaps its just a new tool for directors to try. i thought it made the film much more interesting. perhaps a few elements of the script need tightening, but that's about the only fault i can find. nestor cantillana gives a great performance as sylvio, also antonella rios is stunning and worth the price of admission alone.

i was pretty surprised with this flick. even though their budjet was obviously lacking still you have to be impressed that this movie took 7 years to make and still turned out good. the acting was pretty impressive and the story really captivated me. my only complaint would be that the ending really was a little too abrupt for my taste. but hey if your audience is left wanting more then this movie has succeeded.i would really recommend anyone in hollywood to look up antonella ríos who is an excellent spanish talent (something hard to find now days with all the bad novela over acting). antonella ríos truly is a star on the rise.

los debutantes is the story of two orphaned brothers who have moved to santiago from the south after their mother dies. the confident and streetwise silvio, the elder brother, gets a job working for a sleazy strip club's owner after taking the naive victor there for his 17th birthday.as silvio blossoms under his boss's tutelage, both brothers get involved with the owner's sexy and manipulative mistress, gracia. as the film unfolds, characters are redefined as we begin to see the subtle and overt ways that each one manipulates the next.the film is well made, with good cinematography and fast pacing. it's also pretty sexy, with a lot of nudity and some fairly explicit sex scenes. it uses the now-popular technique of layering different scenes from different points of view, out of chronological sequence. many people hate movies like this because they don't understand what's going on - memento, pulp fiction, reservoir dogs, and many other good films use this device. the plot itself is really nothing new, there are elements of body heat, pulp fiction, and many other good film noir.as the different layers are revealed, our understandings of the characters and their motivations evolve. while the plot may be somewhat cliché, it is also clever and entertaining.i would call it an enjoyable movie, worth watching, but nothing memorable. i haven't seen many films from chile, and it's always interesting to see film noir from other countries. other than that, rent it if it's available but don't lose any sleep if it isn't.

an intriguingly bold film weaves the seemingly effortless camerawork with some superb casting and an explosive soundtrack to plot the damaging effects of the crime and corruption of the santiago underworld on 2 naive young brothers from the southern city of temuco.film debutant daniella rios is the seductive erotic dancer gracia, working in the nightclub owned by the face of the new mini-wave in chilean film production, alejandro trejo. the elder brother, played maturely by nestor cantillana, is easily convinced to become trejo's lead henchman, after a night at the stripclub to celebrate younger brother victor's (juan pablo miranda) seventeenth birthday. from the establishing shot of this opening scene, the film explodes into neo-noir exploration of everything the outside world doesn't usually expect to see in this country so stereotypically conservative and catholic.gracia's charms of seduction attract the three men like bees to honey, although the circular narrative of the three-way fantasy romance revolves around the linear portrayal of major international drug deals between trejo's men and the 'gringo', eduardo barril. power relations become a vital theme, as society's outsiders merge in a mini-family. the prostitute holds an exotic spell over all the chilean men in the film, emerging from her ambiguous position in the periphery of society, and is seen as holding the key to all three men's futures. the relationships between trejo and cantillana become important, as the boys' parents are conspicious by their absence (one assumes they still live in temuco). therefore it is trejo, el padrino, who 'adopts' cantillana, and effectively 'makes him' as a man in the city. miranda rapidly becomes the desperate outsider, as his dependency on his 'father figure', cantillana, becomes increasingly strained by jealousy over the beautiful gracia. however, miranda remains trapped by the constraint of still being in school - he is dependent on cantillana, who is dependent on trejo, for the money to survive. trejo, in turn, is under the thumb of the 'gringo', and his wealth has been accumulated through drug deals and well as his strip clubs. the figure of gracia acts as a time bomb viewed as a beautiful firework, she wraps a web of beauty inside the patriarchy but the strain can only lead to one climax.as the tensions of these power relations come to head, gracia remains ambiguously elusive. the viewer is never sure which male figure she will commit to. the film concludes tragically and explosively in a shoot out which realigns power relations and erases half the major male protanganists. the final shot of miranda's beaten face speeding down the panamericano highway is despairingly powerful. the boy has been sucked in by the lure of the city's underworld, yet has lost his only visible family, and his woman, who is his only friend in the film. he has nothing. the overriding metaphors are bold and brave. this is a gangster film in chile. the notions of family, no sex before marriage etc, are abolished, and instead the harsh realities of the other side of santiago's coin are displayed in all their savage glory. trejo beats rios brutally, rios and miranda make love in a cinema reel room - a whore having sex with a minor she barely knows. the 'gringos' are seen to have a financial hold over this small latin american nation, but not through the copper mines, through the illegal path of drugs.waissbluth's triumph is in his presentation of this dark underworld, which raises so many social questions, more perhaps than the record-breakingly successful sexo con amor, within a slick, smooth firecracker of a film, which place this film firmly alongside sexo con amor, taxi para tres, and el chacotero sentimental, as cinematic evidence that chile is well and truly artistically alive and kicking in the post-transition period 15 years after the censorship of the military regime.

director/writer andrés waissbluth worked seven years to complete this two hour film about the crime underground in santiago, chile, and perhaps that is one of the reasons the resultant film seems episodic and in need of editing. or, maybe this is the technique of a director who shows a fine sense of film noir storytelling.two brothers - silvio the elder (néstor cantillana) and victor the younger (juan pablo miranda) - have moved to santiago from their home in temuco after their parents' death and silvio works to support victor's education. on victor's seventeenth birthday silvio takes the virgin out to the clubs where he encourages victor to lose his virginity with one of the club's stripper/prostitutes. in a tender scene victor must face his nascent impotency while silvio is out on the club floor impressing the 'owners' with his potential for hire.silvio goes to work for the 'gang' as a bodyguard/henchman and makes good money to support victor's schooling. but victor has eyes for one of the dancers at the club named gracia (antonella ríos) and begins to woo her, dropping out of school incurring silvio's angry disappointment. gracia just happens to be the squeeze of the club gang's leader don pascual (alejandro trejo) who is silvio's boss! gracia is the glue that holds this tale together as she is the paramour of victor, silvio, and don pascual and the consequences of this bizarre ménage a trois has deadly results. through a means of re-telling the story through the eyes of victor, silvio, and gracia we grow to understand the vulnerabilities and the cracks in each character that allow for the downfall that results.sound like a chilean pulp fiction? well, it is and it is filmed in a brutally colorful, dark manner that includes a lot of frontal nudity (both female and male) and provocative sexual encounters. but in the end the sensual aspect of the director's vision is what drives this film, playing on the debutante virginal psyche against the hardcore professional sex worker with success. the cast is fairly strong, especially antonella ríos in the demanding role of gracia. there are enough twists and turns and replays of incidents you think you understood the first viewing but that change dramatically in impact when told through the eyes of a different character. bordering on two hours, some judicious editing would have helped the impact of the film. in spanish with english subtitles. recommended for those who like the edgy film noir style and the art of south american cinema. grady harp

this is a really good film and one that i've enjoyed watching several times. michael caine's awesome as always. michael caine has received kind of a reputation for taking any role in any movie no matter what the quality or lack of same but he does a good turn in playing sidney. from the start it's so well written. who would have thought that ira levin who wrote such creepy stuff as the boys from brazil and rosemary's baby could write something this witty. let's face it - michael caine, chris reeve, dyan cannon, henry jones... how are you going to go wrong with a cast this good directed by sidney lumet.i'm really reticent to go on because if anyone were to give away anything about this film it would be a crime. just watch it and adore it.

playwright sidney bruhl (michael caine) has had a series of flop plays after a huge hit. he receives a play written by a student of his, clifford anderson (christopher reeve) which is fantastic. it's so good sidney says he would kill for it. will he?a thinking man's thriller. it was originally a play...and it shows. it's mostly on one set and all talk but i was never bored. it's very well-written with plenty of twists and a good cast working full force. caine is just great as bruhl--another one of his great performances. reeve is, surprisingly, very good. i never thought much of him as an actor, but he's really good in this role. dyan cannon does wonders with an underwritten role as bruhls' wife. irene worth is also good (and quite funny) as helga ten drop, a psychic. however, her accent did get on my nerves. director sidney lumet does very well with his one set. the camera is always moving and keeps your attention going.extreme spoiler dead ahead!!!!! my only complaint is that two gay characters in this movie turn out to be raging sociopaths and it also contains one of the most unromantic kisses i've ever seen--but these are mild complaints.a very good thriller. critics hate this movie (for some reason) and it seems to have completely disappeared since it premiered in 1982. that's too bad--it deserves better.

deathtrap gives you a twist at every turn, every single turn, in fact its biggest problem is that there are so many twists that you never really get oriented in the film, and it often doesn't make any sense, although they do usually catch you by surprise. the story is very good, except for the fact that it has so many twists. the screenplay is very good with great dialogue and characters, but you can't catch all the development because of the twists. the performances particularly by caine are amazing. the direction is very good, sidney lumet can direct. the visual effects are fair, but than again most are actually in a play and are fake. twists way to much, but still works and is worth watching.

very good dramatic comedy about a playwright trying to figure out how to keep his head above water after running out of ideas. can't say much about this film without giving away the story. i can say that little was as it seems as you are watching the picture. everybody has his or her own agenda. nice little surprise at the end - after all the other surprises. well written with good performances by all.

long before "brokeback mountain" (about 23 years before), "deathtrap" was the first time i ever saw two men passionately kissing on screen, and frankly, i was shocked. i understood it in terms of the plot, and it didn't really upset my sensibilities (not much), but it was the first time i ever saw it, at least, in a "mainstream" movie. i thought it was a gutsy move for its time, and took courage for them to try it, especially christopher reeve, in the midst of his time as pg-rated superman. male bisexuality on screen may have hit its stride with "brokeback," but it's interesting to note this much-earlier incarnation.

this film has very tight and well planned dialogue, acting and choreography.recommended film for anyone who wants to see masterful writing and plot.question: does anyone know where the house is actually located? it is one of the most interesting houses, a 19thc windmill.

if you are looking for a sonic-boom-special-effects monster, click the back button on your browser.deathtrap was written by ira levin (sliver, the stepford wives, rosemary's baby). it's a stage play, adapted for the screen. 95% of the movie takes place in the gorgeous home of playwright sidney bruhl (michael caine). he's the author of a fabulously successful broadway play, but his last 4 efforts have flopped - horribly.an aspiring playwright, clifford anderson (christopher reeve), who attended a play-writing workshop given by sydney, has sent him a copy of the play he has written. sydney tells his wife, myra (dyan cannon) the play is fabulous - a sure-fire hit. but is it good enough to die for? time will tell.clever dialog and numerous twists and turns in the plot keep this movie entertaining from beginning to end. the whole cast seems to have a good time. it's reminiscent of another fun michael caine mystery: sleuth. worth watching.

deathtrap is not a whodunit. it's a who gonna do it to who first. it's so hard to describe this movie without giving anything away so i won't mention anything more about the plot. as far as acting goes it is cris reeves greatest role as clifford, a young playwrite. you really see the range in his acting abilities in this movie from "exhaling cheeseburgers" to downright frightening. clifford is such a hard role to play and in the stage production of this i have never seen clifford played well on both ends of the spectrum. the actor plays him as a little puppy or a homicidal maniac. reeves is the only person i have seen who has the character right all the way through. as for michael caine he's.....well he's michael caine. one of the best actors of the last 50 years and in this film as good as he has ever been.

excellent plot within a plot within a plot. shame about two of my film heroes having a good snog. must be my upbringing:)very well acted by all. you never quite know who's going to out-do who. the last little twist at the end allows for all to get their just deserts.recommend to all. a harmless, tongue in cheek thriller which if it has any faults is probably michael caine's over-use of the word "bloody", but that's his signature, isn't it.9/10

i went into deathtrap expecting a well orchestrated and intriguing thriller; and while that's something like what this film is; i also can't help but think that it's just a poor man's sleuth. the classic 1972 film is obviously an inspiration for this film; not particularly in terms of the plot, but certainly it's the case with the execution. the casting of michael caine in the central role just confirms it. the film is based on a play by ira levin (who previously wrote rosemary's baby and the stepford wives) and focuses on sidney bruhl; a playwright whose best days are behind him. after his latest play bombs, sidney finds himself at a low; and this is not helped when a play named deathtrap; written by an amateur he taught, arrives on his doorstep. deathtrap is a guaranteed commercial success, and sidney soon begins hatching a plot of his own; which involves inviting round the amateur scribe, killing him, and then passing deathtrap off as his own work.despite all of its clever twists and turns; deathtrap falls down on one primary element, and that's the characters. the film fails to provide a single likable character, and it's very hard to care about the story when you're not rooting for any of the players. this is not helped by the acting. michael caine puts in a good and entertaining performance as you would expect, but nobody else does themselves proud. christopher reeve is awkward in his role, while dyan cannon somehow manages to make the only possibly likable character detestable with a frankly irritating performance. it's lucky then that the story is good; and it is just about good enough to save the film. the plot features plenty of twists and turns; some work better than others, but there's always enough going on to ensure that the film stays interesting. director sidney lumet deserves some credit too as the style of the film is another huge plus. the central location is interesting in its own right, and the cinematography fits the film well. overall, i have to admit that i did enjoy this film; but it could have been much, much better.

playwright sidney bruhl (a wonderfully over-the-top michael caine) would kill for a hit play. enter young wonder kid (a solid reeve) who's just written such a play. weave into this bruhl's overly hysterical wife (superbly played by cannon) and a german psychic (a very funny irene worth) and you've got yourself a wonderfully funny suspense flick.while not up to "sleuth" standards, "deathtrap" is none the less a very capable, twist filled comical suspense ride based on a terrific play by ira levin. the performers are obviously having a field day with the material, with caine in particular delivering top notch lines with gusto.the film loses a bit of steam midway through and the ending is a lot less satisfying than the hilarious one in the original play but overall "deathtrap" is solid, well acted and suspenseful fun.

i've bought certain films on disc even though the second rate presentation wasn't an option. a certain company i won't identify here has put out several pan and scan dvds ("clean and sober", "star 80", and this one, to name just three!) of films i don't think anyone wants to see in this compromised format. some discs give the viewer a choice of 16x9 or full screen and others are just in their theatrical release 1.66:1 ratio.that off my chest, i'll say "deathtrap" was a spooky and oddly enough, amusing picture. my only complaints are the tinny score (what is that f____g instrument that is usually dragged out for films set in 18th century france?) and dyan cannon screaming at regular intervals. couldn't her character have been an asthmatic who grabbed for an inhaler when she was stressed? minor complaints, both. the benefits of discs include being able to fast forward to get beyond those things which you don't like.i never saw a staged version of "deathtrap", so having these folks in the roles sets a great impression of their careers at the time. before broadway tickets cost an arm and a leg, the theatre was more affordable to average people. now, anyone paying less than a king's ransom to get live entertainment probably isn't going to a hit show on the great hyped way.michael caine and christopher reeve were both large, virile specimens in the early 80s and that's integral to how we'll react to their profession and overall image here. they're definitely not bookish men who can't fight or will back down from an obstacle. the two are equally great as their criminal stubbornness becomes their ultimate "deathtrap".

new york playwright michael caine (as sidney bruhl) is 46-years-old and fading fast; as the film opens, mr. caine's latest play flops on broadway. tv reviewers poke fun at caine, and he gets drunk. passing out on the long island railroad lands caine in montauk, instead of his residence in east hampton. finally arriving home, caine is comforted by tightly-attired wife dyan cannon (as myra), an unfortunately high-strung heart patient. there, caine and ms. cannon discuss a new play called "deathtrap", written by hunky young christopher reeve (as clifford "cliff" anderson), one of caine's former students. the couple believe mr. reeve's "deathtrap" is the hit needed to revive caine's career."the trap is set… for a wickedly funny who'll-do-it." directed by sidney lumet, ira levin's long-running broadway hit doesn't stray too far from its stage origin. the cast is enjoyable and the story's twists are still engrossing. one thing that did not work (for me) was the curtain call ending; surely, it played better on stage. "deathtrap" is a fun film to watch again; the performances are dead on - but, in hindsight, the greeting reeve gives caine at the east hampton train station should have been simplified to a smiling "hello." the location isn't really east hampton, but the windmill and pond look similar. and, the much ballyhooed love scene is shockingly tepid. but, the play was so good, "even a gifted director couldn't ruin it." and, mr. lumet doesn't disappoint.******** deathtrap (3/19/82) sidney lumet ~ michael caine, christopher reeve, dyan cannon, irene worth

this is one of my favorite movies of all time. it's great and the acting is brilliant. in the scene in which michael caine calls the police in tears and then stops the waterworks the second he finishes the call really displays caine's brilliance. the twists are a lot of fun. the film is top-notch.

i would not hesitate to put this adaptation of 'death trap" in a top 5 list of the best stage-to-movie adaptations ever. caine and reeves (an underrated actor who never really got a chance to do more than soggy romances and "superman") play off each other extremely well here. even dyan cannon - who i normally don't care for - is perfectly cast in a role that exploits her annoyance value as an actress.i'm not sure that comparisons of "deathtrap" with "sleuth" - another brilliant stage-to-screen adaptation featuring michael caine - are valid, or even fair. yes, the two stories have a lot in common. but "sleuth" is as much about class warfare as the battle of wits, and the house in "sleuth" is set is at least as much a character in the movie as the two actors - the house doesn't really have an equivalent in "deathtrap". and "deathtrap" isn't so much a battle of wits as it is a pointed vignette about how people are no damned good (and never as smart as they think they are) and deserve everything they get. i'll just say that both movies are superb examples of the genre, and well worth your time and money. this is america, after all. you don't have to choose! i won't give away the twists and turns of the plot, but i don't think it matters anyway. i've watched the dvd eight or nine times in a dozen years, and still enjoyed the chemistry and the timing and the mean, scary moments when things go "all pear shaped". it's all done so well that the ride becomes more important than the actual destination.anyone who likes black-hearted comedy and suspense in the hitchcock style of film-making will probably enjoy "deathtrap" immensely.

the trick to creating a good, solid mystery story is as much a matter of timing as its about plot contrivances, colorful characters or surprising twists. anyone who has ever labored in frustration with an un-finishable sunday new york times crossword knows that any puzzle that takes too long to solve ceases to be any fun. the best murder mysteries, be they on film or in print, are slight affairs that get to the point, spell out their clues, line up their suspects and, hopefully, zap us with a few surprises; being complicated without being unduly confusing. and they play fair; on second, third and fourth viewings of the clues and red herrings we should be just as pleased to marvel at how well it all comes together as we were at being surprised in the first place. indeed, good thrillers should get better on repeated viewings as we anticipate the double and triple crosses.sidney lumet's comedy-thriller deathtrap, as derived from ira levin's hit broadway play, is a great example. it moves along at a tidy clip, skillfully juggling its clues, being (almost) totally honest with us (even when it is lying to us) and yet never revealing where it is going (even when it is telling us where it might go). it is less a murder mystery movie in the traditional vane than it is a movie about murder mysteries, derived from a play about playwriting. rather than going backward -- a murder and then an investigation to explain why everything happened -- deathtrap leads us through the crime(s) step by step, leaving ample room for the unexpected; as the ads advise it is less a "whodunit" than a "who'lldoit." deathtrap is often compared (unfavorably, oddly enough) to the play and movie versions of sleuth, though in reality it has much more in common with scream, the self-mocking essay on teeny-bopper horror flicks. like that clever film, deathtrap labels itself (a thriller about thrillers), sets it parameters ("a one-set, five character moneymaker") and then proceeds to deconstruct its genre by revealing itself as "the most outlandish and preposterous set of circumstances entertaining enough to persuade an audience to suspend its disbelief." deathtrap bravely gives us a mystery with only five major characters, two of which are of minimum importance. henry jones as a cagey lawyer is on hand mostly for exposition (and to supply us with his penchant for folksy charm) and irene worth is all quirks and comic relief as a psychic-cum-sleuth who acts as the nominal detective. that leaves three main characters to be the killer(s) and/or the victim(s): it is a testament to michael caine's abilities that as sidney bruhl, a down-on-his-luck author of mystery plays, he creates a character who we intrinsically like and trust, even as we recognize immediately that almost everything he says is a lie. as his adoring, if somewhat ditzy wife, myra, dyan canon flirts with being over the top by giving a roller-coaster ride of a performance with a character that by turns seems to be frail or overbearing, crafty or hysterical, timid or bold and uncompromisingly in love with a less than reciprocating sidney. the third angle of this unexpected triangle is a fledgling playwright named clifford anderson played by christopher reeve in such a way that we never quite get a handle on just who his character is: enthusiastic preppie wannabe writer, semi-innocent victim or cunningly charming sociopath. as the various character dance around each other, the cleverly dour script adapted by ace scribe jay presson allen manages to be consistently amusing, even as it builds suspense. and even after the final twist (an improvement over the play's finale), it may not be quite clear just who has manipulated who to do what.lumet is by no means a master of comedy, so he lets his able cast have free reign to flesh out the characters and they all give sharp, theatrical, yet subtle work, with reeve being particularly noteworthy. but what lumet does so well is to work skillfully in tight quarters. as he did brilliantly in 12 angry men, he takes a one-set play, and with a minimum of opening up, manages to make what could have been cramped, stagy and stagnant seem endlessly photogenic and spacious. the setting, a country home converted from an old windmill, is relatively small, but as designed by tony walton it manages to be both cozy and charming, as well as spooky and treacherous. it is so truly difficult to tell where the studio set and the real country house cross boundaries that to a degree the set becomes a sixth character. and as the scene of the crime, it is a most inviting deathtrap indeed.

ira levin's deathtrap is one of those mystery films in the tradition of sleuth that would be very easy to spoil given any real examination of the plot of the film. therefore i will be brief in saying it concerns a play, one man who is a famous mystery playwright, another man who is a promising writer, the playwright's wife who is much younger and sexier than the role should have been, and one german psychic along for the ride. director sidney lumet, no stranger to film, is quite good for the most part in creating the tension the film needs to motor on. the dialog is quick, fresh, and witty. michael caine excels in roles like these. christopher reeve is serviceable and actually grows on you the more you see him act. irene worth stands out as the funny psychic. how about dyan cannon? love how lumet packaged her posterior in those real tight-fitting pants and had her wear possibly the snuggest tops around, but she is terribly miscast in this role - a role which should have been given to an older actress and one certainly less seductive. but why quibble with an obvious attempt to bribe its male viewers when nothing will change it now? deathtrap is funny, sophisticated, witty, and classy. the mystery has some glaring flaws which do detract somewhat, and i was not wholly satisfied with the ending, but watching caine and reeve under lumet's direction with levin's elevated verbiage was enough to ensnare my interest and keep it captive the entire length of the film.

full of spoilers.this is a pretty fast and enjoyable crime thriller based on ira levin's play about two gay playwrights (caine and reeve) that plot the murder of one's rich wife (cannon) to get the property and the insurance. the plot succeeds but christopher reeve as the younger and less established of the two writers decides to make a play out of the actual murder -- with only slight changes in the details. reeve allows that easthampton, long island, can become southampton, long island, in the script, for instance. the rest of the play's plot is a dead giveaway and to tell the truth reeve doesn't mind a little gossip or even an inquiry into cannon's apparently accidental death. it will boost the revenues and his own warhol quotient.michael caine is sidney bruhl, the megabucks-making playwright whose last four productions bombed and who would like nothing more than to quietly get back to working on a new play, perhaps with reeve's input, that would redeem his reputation. he cannot permit reeve's scandalous play-a-clef to be produced. so -- what else? -- he tries to murder him. in the end they wind up killing one another, the manuscript is appropriated by their neighbor, the psychic helga tensdoorp, and she makes a million bucks selling it to broadway.it's a lot of fun for a number of reasons. one is the production design. that multi-roomed, multi-storied house with the big windmill atop, situated on nine of what must be the most valuable acres on earth (easthampton!) would be a splendid set of digs anywhere. you wouldn't be able to afford a pup tent in easthamptom. the house is not overly large or baroque in its decor. it's just magnificently modest, although it's a little tidy for my tastes, the kind of house that's so clean you're afraid to step on the thick carpet for fear of leaving the imprint of a foot.next, the acting could hardly be improved upon. caine, cannon, and fred jones are superb. dyan cannon gives a pitch-perfect performance as the anxious wife whose slacks are so tight they look as if they'd been sprayed on, which is okay given her assets. even reeve, whose talent was limited, seems to find a comfortable niche in his role of affable but psychopathic murderer. irene worth, as the psychic neighbor helga, was in some way hard to define, a mistake. granted she -- or someone like her -- was necessary to the plot, but, my god, what an offensive snoop her character is, going around and claiming, "i feel pain in zis woom!" i suppose in order to make her a little more interesting, she's got up in sweats and a goofy looking cap with bicycle reflectors on it. still, she's a nuisance from beginning to end.you have to love ira levin's bitchy dialog. the distraught caine begs reeve to tell him why he wrote the tell-all play. "because it's there, sidney!" says reeve, and caine shouts, "that's mountains, not plays! plays aren't there until some ***hole writes them!" great too is caine's call to the police after his wife drops dead of fright, as planned. he works himself up into a torrent of sobs, barely able to speak, as he reports the incident and implores that an ambulance be sent immediately. when he hangs up, his face assumes its usual placid expression, he blows his nose into his handkerchief, and walks away, all business again.the climax, though suitably ironic, is confusing and noisy and full of artifice, lacking in the wicked charm that levin and lumet brought to the earlier scenes. the score is mostly made up of light-hearted riffs on the harpsichord, neatly fitting into the film.you'll probably enjoy it.

no one better spoil this piece of work! awesome movie! written expertly by the likes of ira levin and depicted with the best performance of christopher reeve's career and one of caine's very best, this is simply excellent. i wish i could catch a staged version somewhere...maybe someday i will. i hope this grossly underrated, overlooked film has not become too difficult to locate because it a 'must' for any hitchcockian, agatha-phile or lover of great film. one of very few movies i couldn't instantly solve or predict and worth a second or even third viewing, "deathtrap" gets a 9/10 and earns every iota of it. we need and deserve more movies like this!

stage adaptations often have a major fault. they often come out looking like a film camera was simply placed on the stage (such as "night mother"). sidney lumet's direction keeps the film alive, which is especially difficult since the picture offered him no real challenge. still, it's nice to look at for what it is. the chemistry between michael caine and christopher reeve is quite brilliant. the dynamics of their relationship are surprising. caine is fantastic as always, and reeve gets one of his few chances to really act.i confess that i've never seen ira levin's play, but i hear that jay presson allen's adaptation is faithful. the script is incredibly convoluted, and keeps you guessing. "deathtrap" is an enormously entertaining film, and is recommended for nearly all fans of stage and screen.7.4 out of 10

deathtrap runs like a play within a movie about who did what to whom, as it primarily takes place on one set. the premise is that an accomplished playwright, whose star is falling, receives a magnificent manuscript from a former student and so he plans to off his protege and appropriate his play, to the (loud) protests of his wife. or so you think, for the first half of the movie. past the halfway mark, deathtrap begins to throw in twists and surprises that turn its premise on its head, then right around, and then in a mad spin, all the time keeping its title appropriate. it's an excellent mystery movie soaked in wit. michael caine, as the senior playwright, plays himself in this movie - a slightly loony and very dramatic brit. no surprises here - he does his usual good work. he gets the best line of deathtrap, which he executes perfectly: "what is your definition of success, being gang-banged in a state penitentiary?" christopher reeve, on the other hand, juggles comedy and drama in a surprisingly strong performance playing the ambitious (and psychopathic) young playwright. he also gets to show off his very toned body, which he must've retained coming off the superman movies. caine and reeve have collaborated in another movie that's one of my favorite comedies - noises off. it similarly revolves around a play as well, although this time caine is the director and reeve is an actor. they are joined by comic veterans carol burnett, john ritter, marilu henner (taxi) and mark linn-baker (perfect strangers). together, they demonstrate the calamities that befall the bed-hopping cast and crew of a play. on the surface, the movie looks to be mostly slapstick but upon watching you find that they are many subtle jokes that require more than one viewing to catch. wish this underrated movie was available on dvd.

unlike tinseltown's version of hello, dolly!, jay presson allen's screen adaptation of ira levin's hit broadway thriller couldn't wait for it's stage incarnation to shutter before putting it up on the silver screen, so producers wisely decided to make the most of it's lengthy white way run! the film's opening and closing scenes are shot inside new york's intimate music box theater where deathtrap played for nearly five years. even the film's final fadeout on the theatre marquee is a version of the stageplay's famous logo. (although marketeers decided to go with a more fun rubik's cube icon for the movie.)now on a low-priced dvd release, deathtrap seems just as fresh and inventinve as ever. the cast is just right (better than their stage counterparts) and location scouts should be applauded for finding a suitably spooky house for our "one room, two act thriller" to take place in. opened up in surprisingly simple and innovative ways, director sidney lumet wisely tags any "new" material onto the beginning and end of the film and leaves levin's wickedly twisty center alone.the film's last scene is a major hollywood departure from the boards, and slightly undermines one of levin's plot points from earlier in the film [helga (about a dagger): "will be used by another woman because of play."]. like robert altman's the player, however, our new finale helps the film fold in on itself once again and blurs the lines between stage, screen, and (could it be?) real life!

nothing's more enjoyable for me than a who-dun-it or suspense tale that keeps you guessing throughout as to how the whole thing will end. and that's precisely what happens in deathtrap, based on a chilling play by ira levin ("rosemary's baby").and in it, michael caine and christopher reeve get to do the kind of stunt that caine and laurence olivier pulled off in sleuth--with just about as much skill and as many puzzles as ever existed in that extraordinarily clever play.but because it's meant to scare you, surprise you, and keep you guessing as to the outcome, it's difficult to write a review about the plot. let's just say that what we know in the beginning is all you have to know about the film for the present. michael caine is an insanely jealous playwright whose latest play has failed miserably. when a young aspiring writer christopher reeve sends him the manuscript of his play, caine realizes that passing it off as his own would solve all his problems and get his reputation back.from that point on, it's a matter of fun and games for the audience as ira levin's story unwinds, managing to trump agatha christie for the number of twists.caine and reeve play off each other brilliantly, each bringing a certain dynamic tension to the tale as well as some humorous touches that come from a script that laces drama with humor.summing up: well worth seeing--but not everyone is pleased with the ending.

every time you think you have a handle on deathtrap, another plot twist comes along. best to just sit back and enjoy the ride on this one. most noted for its on screen kiss between michael caine and christopher reeve (which was unfortunately cut from the televised version i saw), this movie has a great deal more to recommend it.sidney bruhl (michael caine) is a very unhappy man. once a successful playwright, his last several plays on broadway have flopped. and while his wife myra (dyan cannon) is nothing but supportive, in both the monetary and emotional sense, this does little to make sidney feel any better. to add insult to injury, young playwright, clifford anderson (christopher reeve), has just sent sidney a play to look at. it's anderson's first, and sidney can see that the young man is a gifted writer. he jokes to his wife that he should invite anderson over, kill him, and submit the play as his own. she laughs with him at first, but when sidney actually invites anderson over for dinner, she worries that he may really be putting his scheme into action. and her fears just may be justified...it's a brilliant script. there are twists and turns all through the plot, and they come faster and more furious as you get closer to the end. it's the kind of film that has you on the edge of your seat from the beginning, and keeps you there the entire time. an absolute masterpiece of suspense and mystery.the acting is excellent. caine gives his usual excellent performance, and he does exhibit a knack for playing cultured, refined, and intellectual men. reeve also gives an excellent rendering of a man who isn't nearly as wide eyed or innocent as he seems. cannon's franticness works well for myra. and irene worth gives a nice performance as a nosy neighbor who is also a psychic.this is a film with an ending you'd never expect, and repeated watchings help to pick up on things missed in earlier viewings. an unsung classic that is unfortunately only remembered for a scene which ruffled some sensibilities at the time - and that is a real shame.

definitely one of the most witty and twisted who-dunnit i ever seen. christopher reeve and micheal caine were brilliant and kept me going through the whole affair. very classy set pieces and the props really lend a sense of atmosphere to the proceedings. the minimalist feel works for the whole picture.my only complain isn't with the film itself but the lack of a decent widescreen edition of the movie on dvd. i own the fullscreen version (which proves i love the film enough to endure fullscreen presentation) but a awesome deluxe or 'special' edition would most surely get my cash.

the comparison to sleuth, the earlier stage-play-turned-film, is obvious and upon my first viewing i too thought sleuth was better, but deathtrap has, at least for me, many more repeat viewings in it than sleuth.i purchased deathrap in the bargain bin at wal-mart, figuring that it had caine and the underrated reeve and was worth the 6 bucks. it was one of the finest dvd purchases i could've picked up.it's one of those best-kept-secrets that movie buffs always are always delighted to discover. and it's totally worth repeat viewings.though laurence olivier and michael caine turned in bravado performances in sleuth, i was doubly impressed with christopher reeve as clifford anderson. reeve, rightfully associated with his now legendary portrayal of superman, stole the show in what should've been an oscar worthy performance. i've always felt reeve was a type-cast actor who didn't get much of a chance to shine outside of the superman films and a few other flawed but entertaining films like somewhere in time, but this film shows that his potential was truly tapped and put to use, thank goodness.i absolutely relished michael caine's performance. he was glib, deliciously manipulative and sadistic. and watching him work with reeve and dyan cannon was an absolute pleasure. in fact, it was thanks to this movie that i got into a "michael caine phase" and started renting as much of his stuff as humanly possible. as for deathtrap, there's enough juicy dialogue in here to fill up its "memorable quotes" section. (unfortunately, much of the dialogue would inherently spoil the immensely entertaining plot).it's really, really hard to talk about the movie without spoiling important plot points that are infinitely more fun to discover on your own. needless to say, it's a must-see. but for me, it was the greatest and most rewarding blind purchase of all time.repeat viewings are a must. and it deserves to sit alongside sleuth on your dvd shelf.i'll leave you with this beautifully written quote from the film: "i wonder if it wouldn't be...well...just a trifle starry-eyed of me to enter into such a risky and exciting collaboration...where i could count on no sense of moral obligation...whatsoever."

when deathtrap was first released, the poster--reproduced on the cover of this dvd--offered a graphic akin to a rubik's cube. it is an appropriate image: originally written for the stage by ira levin, who authored such memorable works as rosemary's baby and the stepford wives, the play was one of broadway's most famous twisters, and under sidney lumet's direction it translates to the screen extremely well.deathtrap is one of those films that it is very difficult to discuss, for to do so in any detail gives away the very plot for which it is famous. but the opening premise is extremely clever: sidney bruhl (michael caine) is the famous author of mystery plays, but these days he seems to have lost his touch. after a particularly brutal opening night, an old student named clifford anderson (christopher reeve) sends him a script for a play he has written. it is called "deathtrap," and sidney recognizes it as a surefire hit. just the sort of hit that would revive his career... indeed, a hit to die for. and when clifford visits to discuss the play, events suddenly begin to twist in the most unexpected manner possible.like anthony shaffer's equally twisty sleuth, deathtrap is really a story more at home on the stage than the screen--to reach full power it needs the immediacy that a live performance offers. still, under the expert guidance of director sidney lumet, it makes a more-than-respectable showing on the screen. much of this is due to the cast, which is remarkably fine. michael caine gives a truly brilliant performance, dyan cannon is funny and endearing as sidney's relentlessly anxious wife, and christopher reeve gives what might be the single finest performance in his regrettably short acting career. if you can't see it in a first-rate theatrical production, this will more than do until one comes along.gary f. taylor, aka gft, amazon reviewer

wow, i loved this film. it may not have had the funding and advertising that the latest hollywood blockbusters get but it packs twice the emotional punch. the tale revolves around this one family from utah and it's the connections between the people in the family that provide the film with its punch. the main lead (giovanni ribisi) plays his part very well, at no time does he leave you to believe that he's acting all his feelings. it's his brother (elias koteas) who stole the show for me though. when the two were in scenes together they bounded their lines off of each other, giving fantastic performances. great cast, great film.

an interesting tv movie based on true fact, betrayed by the description of one of the leading characters, that of a prisoner. giovanni ribisi plays his younger brother, who has the delicate mission of deciding if he will appeal to the courts for his brother's death penalty. but when he goes to visit him and enters elias koteas, the problem starts. it has nothing to do with koteas' acting ability. he just looks like the version of a prisoner of proletarian roots according to "g.q." magazine, with a language too sophisticated for someone who has spent most of his life behind bars. this realization came to me after meeting again an old friend, whom i had not seen for almost 15 years, which he spent in several panamanian jails. the young man i used to know is gone, not only because he is older, but due to his exposure for a prolonged time to the penal system. there are jails and there are jails, one must say, but this one prisoner in "shot in the heart" is definitely out of this world.

the acting- fantastic. the story- amazing. the script- wonderful.just a few ways to describe this movie. yes, it's slow and it has mostly talking, but the whole story of all of their lives and how it's told with the flashbacks thrown in and out makes you want to listen to every little thing to learn more about this haunting and tragic story. i, myself, am reading the book that the movie is based off of and it has shown me even more light into this story and answers some questions that were left unanswered in the movie. i'm also to read the exectioner's song, which is the 'other' half of the gilmore story. this movie made me think so much about the phrase "piering into the other side of the looking glass". you hear a song in the movie called gary gilmore's eyes, which is by a punk band that wrote a song about what it'd be like to have gary gilmore's eyes(which is one of the things gary gave as a transplant when he died) and as you listen to it, which is after the last time mikal ever sees gary, you look at the whole situation a little differently if you were to only here the song itself. this movie opened my eyes in that way and in many others. i recommend this movie(and the book) very very much.

shot in the heart is wonderful. it brilliantly illustrates the plight of gary gimore, a convicted murder who requested death. shot in the heart shows the ordeal that gilmore's family, torn up by hatred, went through. this movie is an incredible psychological study, and is wonderfully depressing and uplifting. 10/10

have just finished watching this film, which upset me greatly. have also been to south africa twice, around the time this film is set.it is certainly hard-hitting, and the opening scenes tend to 'set the scene'. the slow but steady increase of pace hardly allows a break, and there are certainly few light moments.will never be able to view nigel hawthorne the same again. he came across as a very twisted individual, and i found myself disliking him more each time he appeared.totally agree with steve-thomp's articulate and well thought-out comments.

this movie is nothing short of a dark, gritty masterpiece. i may be bias, as the apartheid era is an area i've always felt for. but i'd say it ranks right up with cry freedom and cry the beloved country. sadly up until a few days ago i'd never even heard of this movie. inside is one of the most underrated films of all time, probably because it was a small film company, i'd never even heard of it before. eric stoltz, one of my favorite actors anyway, is believable and dramatic, nigel hawthorne plays his dastardly role well. do not look for humor in this film, there is none. it is real, savage and gritty to the last, and to the sensitive i'd say bring a box of tissues. but movies as great as this make you wonder, why is it that the greatest films are often never heard of?

the jist: see something else.this film was highly rated by gene siskel, but after watching it i can't figure out why. the film is definitely original and different. it even has interesting dialogue at times, some cool moments, and a creepy "noir" feel. but it just isn't entertaining. it also doesn't make a whole lot of sense, in plot but especially in character motivations. i don't know anyone that behaves like these characters do.this is a difficult movie to take on -- i suggest you don't accept the challenge.

the jist: see something else.this film was highly rated by gene siskel, but after watching it i can't figure out why. the film is definitely original and different. it even has interesting dialogue at times, some cool moments, and a creepy "noir" feel. but it just isn't entertaining. it also doesn't make a whole lot of sense, in plot but especially in character motivations. i don't know anyone that behaves like these characters do.this is a difficult movie to take on -- i suggest you don't accept the challenge.

if in the 90's you're adapting a book written in the 50's, set the bloody thing in the 50's and not the '90's. see, 40 year old mores and values tend not to play as well, or ring as true, that far down the road. it's a simple rule that hollywood habitually keeps violating. and that's the problem with this film. it should have been set in the era it was written in. you'd think that would be a no-brainer, but nooo. i'd elaborate, but bmacv's comment spells it out quite well. i'll limit my commentary to rachel ward. she looks like she dieted her ass completely out of existence for this role. as a result, she looks like a crack ho' on chemotherapy, and is about as sexy as a gay leather couch in drag. i found her "i could die at any moment" look quite disconcerting, and it greatly detracted from her supposed "hotness" and the "sexual tension" the film intended to create. other than that, the film was quite good; a 7+ out of 10.

"after dark, my sweet" is a strange mix of sensuality and dullness. the film runs slow, very slow, but takes a rythm to tell a story about murder and passion. jason patric never ever was so sexy and powerful (the man gives a true performance), and rachel ward is all but sexy.the sexual tension, the pshycological heat, the footsteps of the past... the flashback scenes, the weirdness of the patric´s character, all becomes a sexy mystery. i recommend this one cause is the more sexy dull movie that i ever seen. check the love making scene, it´s particulary sexy.

the performances in this movie were fantastic. the dialogue was great. jason patric delivered a fantastic performance as "kid" collins in this wonderful adaptation of the jim thompson novel. far superior to "the grifters", which was a good movie, this film really stayed true to the pulp fiction/film noir roots from which the story came. i recommend this movie to all film noir fans.

foley's noir quality in this saturated and intense pulp film is seemingly "perfectly" fit together. shot by shot, edit by edit, the film unfolds itself around a disturbed boxer discovering his own purpose (or lack thereof). the other comments around perhaps indicate a lack of pulp interest, but i personally think this is a superbly put together cinematic piece!

i saw this film a few years ago and i got to say that i really love it.jason patric was perfect for this weird role that he played.the director?i don't too many things about him...and i don't care.the screenplay is good,that's for sure.in just a few words i have to say about this movie that is weird,strange,even dark,but it's a good one.i saw it a few years ago and never saw it since then.i want to see it again and again.i know that i'm not gonna get sick of watching it.the scenes,the atmosphere,the actors,the story...everything is good.the movie should have lasted longer.i think 120 minutes should have been perfect.i was hoping for a part 2 for this movie.too bad it din't happened.jason patric:you're the man ! very good movie. the end. :-)

an excellent interpretation of jim thompson's novel, this neo-noir thriller has all the requisite elements--deranged ex-boxer turned drifter, alcoholic widow with sinister desires, ex-cop turned small-time crook, and a kidnap plot destined for doom. yet, the film never crosses into cliche country, but remains fresh and intriguing. the performances are all superb, particularly bruce dern's role as the wicked sleazeball, uncle bud. there is a tense uncertainty to the film's movement which, intentional or not, adds to the grim proceedings. highly recommended.

i didn't expect much when i rented this movie and it blew me away. if you like good drama, good character development that draws you into a character and makes you care about them, you'll love this movie.engrossing!

if you're as huge of a fan of an author as i am of jim thompson, it can be pretty dodgy when their works are converted to film. this is not the case with scott foley's rendition of after dark my sweet. a suspenseful, sexually charged noir classic that closely follows and does great justice to the original text. jason patrick and rachel ward give possibly the best performances of their careers. and the always phenomenal bruce dern might have even toped him self with this one. like thompson's book this movie creates a dark and surreal world where passion overcomes logic and the double cross is never far at hand. a must see for all fans of great noir film. ****!!!

after dark, my sweet is a great, modern noir, filled with seedy characters, dirt roads, and, of course, sweaty characters. it seems that most of the truly great noirs of the last two or three decades have taken place in the south, where the men glisten and the ladies, um, glisten too. why? because it's hooooottttttttttt. and because everyone looks better wet (at least the men do - sweaty women leave me clammy). anyway - there might be some spoilers in here. this film is a wonderful example of everything a noir should be - steady pacing (though some with attention disorders refer to it as 'slow'), clearly and broadly drawn (though not simple) characters, and tons of atmosphere. noir, if anything, is about moods and attitudes. that's why the great ones are not marked by your traditional definitions of 'great' acting (look at bogart, mitchum, hurt, and nicholson - they (and their characters) were anything but real - but they had style and sass and in a crime movie that's exactly what you want). or quickly paced adventures (again all great noirs seem to be on slow burn like a cigarette). great noirs create an environment and you just inhabit it with the characters for a couple hours. after dark my sweet let's you do that - and it let's you enjoy the company of some very interesting and complex characters. uncle bud and collie are intriguing - never allowing the audience to know what really makes them tick - and patric and dern (i love bruce dern, by the way) are pitch perfect, dern especially (see previous comment). they take the basic outlines of a character and give them depth and elicit our sympathies. the story itself is also interesting. there're better plots in the world of noir (hardly any mystery here - mostly it's suspense), but this one is solid. if anything, the simply 'okay' plot has more to do with jim thompson's writing than anything else. with thompson, plots are almost secondary; he eschewed the labyrinthine tales of hammett and chandler for simpler stories with stronger, more confusing characters. look at a novel like the killer inside me and and you'll see right away (from the title) what it's all about. when it comes to thompson, it's not what it's about, it's how it's about it (to quote roger ebert). so, really, the relatively simple plot of a kidnapping is not the point and, if you don't like it, well the jokes on you. why this is an 8star movie rather than a 10star one is because of the female lead. she's not bad, per se, but she's not angelica huston or anette benning (see the adaptation of jim thompson's the grifters if you don't know what i'm talking about - besides it's a better movie and you should start there for contemporary noir - it's the best of the 1990s and challenges blood simple for the title of best since chinatown). she simply doesn't have the chops (or the looks for that matter) and though she and patric have some chemistry, i don't have it with her. so there.

ever read jim thompson? he's hard-boiled noir with the most extreme fatalism and misanthropy i've ever encountered. there are rarely private detectives in his work - just losers, psychotics and small-time con artists. this film has thompson nailed - "if god made any real mistakes in this world, it was in giving us a will to live when we've got no excuse for it." every character in the film balances on a razor's edge between surreal and creepy realism. there's sleazy, conniving uncle bud, played by bruce dern and spookily well-intentioned doc goldman played by george dickerson. jason patric gives a wonderful, often heart-wrenching performance as kid collins, a none-too-bright, shy ex-fighter who's more scared of himself than of anyone else. rachel ward is fay, the sexy femme fatale who we can't quite figure out...it's not your standard film noir, nor is it intended to be. after dark my sweet, along with the grifters, are two excellent adaptations of novels by one of my favorite writers, jim thompson.

it is rare that one comes across a movie as flawless as this. it's truly one of the best acted, most tightly structured films i've ever seen. every line of dialogue can be interpreted in several ways, relating to each of the three main characters differently. the film weaves an intrinsic web of motivations and double crosses that snare you and refuse to let go. add to this that the slow-burning romance between kevin and faye is as moving as anything that's ever been committed to celluloid and you have the ingredients for a perfect film. it exposes the romance of movies such as "titanic" as the trite cliches they are. if you're looking for a movie to watch while you fold laundry, this isn't it. you have to commit yourself to this film. you can't have a conversation while running in and out of the room. this movie demands your attention. treat it with the respect you deserve and you'll get a lot out of it. unless you think "titanic" is the greatest film ever.

the first of two jim thompson adaptations released in 1990 (the other being the more well-known grifters), after dark has all of thompson's hallmarks: dangerous women, the confidence game, and characters that are either not as dim as others suspect them of being, or not as harmless.jason patric is superb as a former boxer disqualified from the sport for life due to an incident in the ring (director james foley uses raging bull-esquire sequences to flesh out the back story) and the too-little-seen rachel ward also delivers a great performance. but bruce dern is the film's secret weapon: his sweet-talking grifter uncle bud subtly commands each of his scenes.there's almost no comic relief in this film, so watch it prepared to be sucked into the void.

intense actors like bruce dern, jason patrick and rachel ward combine to make this modern-day film noir a winner. of the three, i don't know who was most interesting as all offer good performances and intriguing characters.patric does the narration in this noir, playing an ex-boxer and mental patient. wow, that alone makes for an interesting guy! he looks dumb, but he isn't. ward is the slinky, attractive, cynical, intelligent and compassionate co- conspirator of a kidnapping plan that goes bad. bruce dern also is in the mix and dern never fails to fascinate in about any film.the movie could be considered kind of downer to the average viewer, but i found it fascinating....and i don't like depressing movies normally. what i found was a kind of quirky crime film. take a look and see if you agree. this is pretty unknown film that shouldn't have that status because it's simply a good story and well-done.

the photography was beautiful but i had difficulty understanding what was happening... was there a lot of symbolism?... the 2 goldfishes - do they mean something in thai culture? there's not much plot, not much happens and it just meanders along. no real start, no real middle and no real end. rather unsatisfying really.it was difficult to get into the characters as you never felt you got to know them...it was difficult to know which scenes were imaginary and which were real. the move felt chaotic and disjointed. i don't know what the pang brothers were hoping to achieve. maybe if i were thai it would make more sense...

a young girl surviving as a prostitute.a cheap hustler who wants to get the big score.they meet each other in thailand. you may think by the opening titles it's going to be a violent movie but it is also a story of love with two persons in their own struggle to get the money for a better way of life. this film feels like an essay sometimes because of its changes of images, but still refreshing. this story is also about eros and thanatos. "it's not an original joke but it is well told" says a character and that also applies to this one: we've seen the story but this way we see it. thailand appears in hot tones, the photograph going from one colored to a multicolored place. and it captures the city as the cage of this imperfect persons. there is also a good use of the music to dot the actions.

it was fabulous! the photography, editing, cinematography, music combined to transport us to the dangerous side of a tourist destination. it was the enjoyment of "slumming," without going through the danger. we were there! the dream sequences and flashback-sequence-ending were fresh. it spoke to me. keep up the good work! another of that genre is city of god. also - don't laugh! - the comedy, desperately seeking susan. nice ensemble types, with great performances by all. sorry, i think training day fits that genre as well, with fantastic performances by an ensemble cast. i had to switch the channel on some of the gritty sequences, but all-in-all, a great film!

i've just watch 2 films of pang brothers, the eye and one take only. when i watched the eye, i was kind of disappointed about this two guys, who i had heard good words about them before. that film (the eye) has a really bad script, especially the ending (childish,cliche and too coincident in my opinion) , but its still good in photography and experimental images. so i decided to see one take only and i didn't disappointed again. still great photography, stunning image, mtv-style editing, cool music and this time,the story has a lot of indie spirit,logical and beautiful, you'll see some tiny plot holes, but it doesn't cause any trouble with the storyline. the only problem about this film is i get a bad dvd.

too bad a couple of comments before me don't know the facts of this case. it is based on actual events, a highly publicized disappearance and murder case taking place in the wilmington, de/philadelphia pa region from '96 through 2000. i have to admit i was highly skeptical of how hollywood would dramatize the actual history and events and was actually quite impressed on how close they stayed to what was constantly reported on local newscasts and philadelphia inquirer news stories throughout the time period. of course i immediately pointed out that the actress (who i really like in cold case) who played fahey looked nothing like her (anne marie was actually prettier). i have to admit though that mark harmon really nailed the type of personality that was revealed as capano's and the behavior that capano exhibited throughout this period. details of the case were right on...no deviations of dramatic effect...even down to the carpet, gun, furniture, and cooler. in conclusion, i also wanted to add that i have met tom carper many times at various functions (a good man, despite being a politician) and i am so glad that he pulled the strings in the federal realm necessary to solve this heinous crime. guys like capano are real and it was great to see him finally put behind bars.

thomas capano was not anne marie's boss tom carper, the governor was. that is the reason the feds became involved, he called clinton and asked him to get the feds involved in the case. i lived outside of philadelphia at the time so the case was front page news every day. i also read ann rule's book and saw the "city confidential" segment on a&e. tom capano was a megalomanic(sp.), an uber-controller and a monster. he claimed to love ann marie but all he wanted was someone that he could control. when she wouldn't let him do that anymore he killed her, the ultimate form of control. i think it's a waste of money that he is still alive.

to those who have not followed the anne marie fahey murder case. you are missing out one of the saddest yet complicated murder of all. the murderer is popular delaware attorney, tom capano and the victim is the delaware governor's scheduling secretary, anne marie fahey. their relationship was a well-kept secret until her disappearance and murder. she wanted to leave him but he just wouldn't let her go so easily. on the other hand, he had a mistress and a wife and four daughters. where did he find the time to have two mistresses and a domestic family life? besides, the case is extremely complicated and fascinating for a four hour mini series. while the actress who plays ms. fahey does a fine job, she does not have her dark long hair. his other mistress is definitely more attractive than the actual woman. mark harmon is better looking and does an emmy award winning performance as tom capano. it would be better with actual delaware and philadelphia locations. with ann rule's executive producing, she adds accuracy to anne marie's characteristic of organization and her personal battle with an eating disorder. these bits of information might be overlooked by any other executive producer or director. if you have not read the book, it is well worth it. ann rule is a fascinating storyteller of true crime. it is ironic that mark harmon plays tom capano. he also played ann rule's former friend and subject, ted bundy in an another book adaptation many years ago. he was brilliant then and now. he does an above average job with an amazing story. even president clinton offered his assistance in the anne marie fahey case. and now, the former governor tom carper is now the united states senator for delaware who defeated longtime, popular incumbent senator richard roth in the november 2000 election. if you don't think the movie is interesting, then the read rule's book.

revenge is the theme of this denzel washington thriller that offers its share of action, mayhem, murder and grisly bloodletting. the essentials are a bodyguard's search and destroy mission as his charge, young dakota fanning, is kidnapped from school, which is exactly what washington was hired to prevent. the mexico city locations are as chaotic as the storyline moves towards its predictable, violent conclusion, with plot twists along the way. washington, a former cia operative with a drinking problem, gets a good reference from a former fellow agent which sets in motion the plot's outline. washington and fanning have a great chemistry between them and after a troublesome beginning, the bodyguard and his charge become the best of friends. christopher walken, rachel ticotin, radha mitchell, giancarlo giannini and mickey rourke comprise the good cast in support of the two stars.

basically, the movie might be one of the most mesmerizing titles made by either of the two scotts(ridley and tony). let's make it straight, the movie deserved its hype as one of the most stylish actioner/thriller ever made.when it comes to disgruntled tragic heroes, denzel washington and tony scotts really make a perfect duo. both this movie and deja vu are better thrillers you can expect. washington really got very comfortable in the shaky cameras and every executing scenes in the movie. one would easily be related to his character's emotions therefore enjoyed all the killings on the road. it's a success that they created a super-dark mexico city with a lot of shits happening. one would be easily convinced by the extent of corruption depicted in man on fire. i don't know what would the mexicans think when they watch this......well, let's face it again. it's among the best of the death wish genre, but it also suffered from extensive amount of violence. it's a bit annoying that they justify the actions of a vigilante by making the movie very realistic and let denzel washington play the "missing sheep" type of tragic hero. in the end, they even had the kidnapper shot in his own swimming pool like a documentary. i was checking on imdb if the movie was based on real events for that...... so that's for your consideration if you also finds the movie's theme is a little bit phony.at the end, i hope one would not take this movie for real.8/10 for art direction/editing/cinematographic/denzel washington.

this film contains the one ingredient that all revenge movies should have and that is true emotion. sorrow, love, laughter , anger. there are so many emotions thrown into this film. from start to finish this film is immensely captivating. the plot on paper sounds like the usually rubbish that is mostly thrown in the faces of the audiences but don't be mistaken, this film is powerful. washington as always puts on a great performance.the plot in a nutshell: man suffers from depression, a young girl brings life into him, kids gets kidnap, man wants revenge. doesn't sound like anything special but it far superior than any other similar film out there. for instant, taken is a similar film but when you compare them both, man on fire wins hands down. the characters are engaging and everyone puts in a great performance and the directing is great. mexico city feels alive , it looks like mexico city, it smells like mexico city. everything is portrayed brilliantly . the style of direction was something i enjoyed and brought the best out of mexico citythis is one of those films you'll bring out once a year to watch again or a film that you'll beg your family and friends to watch. from start to finish you are rooting for the main protagonist, making it a roller-coaster journey. there enough action to keep you happy, there enough character development to please you and then there's washington to bring a smile to your face . watch this film, you won't be disappointed

tony scott can make good films and bad, personally i think he can be a bit flashy and trashy and his work obviously suffers in comparison with that of his rather famous brother, but this is quite possibly his best film.what makes this film so great is that scott gives denzel (on scorching form, better than training day) and the revelation who is dakota fanning time to develop a relationship of real warmth and tenderness. the set up is absolutely not boring, although it takes time - it is involving, and takes us on a little journey into the characters - including a superb role for radha mitchell as the mother. this all serves to make the action so much more effective, as we are so invested in the characters, for all their all too obvious weaknesses. this film has you on the edge for its entirety, and doesn't cop out at the end either.the film would of course be nothing without washington. i often wonder why he seems to get so many duff roles, when he quite clearly is as good as almost any leading man out there (i can only really think of one, daniel day lewis, who has more on-screen power these days). this film should have been huge, given his status and the strength of his performance, and the quality of the film. it just goes to show you that if a studio doesn't back a film to the hilt, it ends up going straight to video. i wish i'd got the chance to see this on the big screen.

this excellent drama had me in suspense the whole time. i could not take my eyes off the screen for one second because every word kept connecting the pieces to this puzzling murder. this movie really touched me because it showed how sad and hard life can be. i really did cry in the end (which i don't want to give away!) it also let me realize how cruel and sickening people can be when it comes to murder. the cast was also very good. the only bad cast member was the actress who played anne marie. the actress did a great job, but the director didn't. i say this because he found someone who didn't look a single bit like anne marie fahey herself.

man on fire tells a story of an ex-special forces guy with a drinking problem who accepts a job as a personal bodyguard of a little girl in mexico during the wave of kidnappings for ransom. at first he's not to friendly, but then they befriend with each other, he decides to stop drinking etc., etc... then one day she gets kidnapped... and killed...and he, won't stop at anything to get the revenge.that's basically the story of man on fire but expect some big twists at least a few times including the ending which is beautiful and will probably make you cry.that's also because of the great music harry-gregson williams with lisa gerrard (gladiator) composed.but the strongest part of the movie... wait... the thing is, everything here is perfect.first - acting. denzel washington is at his best, mickey rourke and christopher walken good as always, great radtha mitchell and amazing young dakota fanning. and that's not the end of the list...then come the cinematography which is dazzling and along with superb editing, should have won an oscar for sure.the story is... not just a revenge movie. the story is intelligent, the story makes you think... and is pure beautiful. really.this is one of those movies you need to see in your lifetime, at least once!

in mexico city, the former cia assassin and presently an alcoholic decadent man john creasy (denzel washington) is hired by the industrialist samuel ramos (marc anthony), with the recommendation of his old friend rayburn (christopher walken), to be the bodyguard of his young daughter pita (dakota fanning) and his wife lisa (radha mitchell). pita changes the behavior of the cold creasy, making him live and smile again, and he feels a great affection for her. when the girl is kidnapped and creasy is informed that she was murdered by the criminals, he swears to kill each one responsible for the abduction."man on fire" is almost a masterpiece, and will become certainly a classic in the future. the story is excellent, never corny and although having 146 minutes running time, the viewer does not feel time passing. the cast is composed by excellent actors and actresses, their performances are outstanding, highlighting denzel washington, dakota fanning and radha mitchell. the cinematography has wonderful moments, and the screenplay has stunning lines. i personally loved when the character of christopher walken explains to manzano (giancarlo giannini) that creasey's specialty is death, and he is preparing his masterpiece. i agree with the user that commented that "man on fire" is one of the best, if not the best, film of the year in this genre. my vote is ten.title (brazil): "chamas da vingança" ("flames of the revenge")

i am amazed that movies like this can still be made. i watch all kinds of movies all the time with my friends and i can say that this is one of the best i ever seen. never thinked that a movie of 146 minutes can make me think about it on and on.washington, charismatic and intense as ever, plays creasy, a washed-up ex-counter-terrorist agent who's taken to the bottle. once he's assigned to protect young pita (dakota fanning) in mexico city, his emotional and redemptive arc is jump-started in the way only an adorable little girl can provide. inevitably, pita is kidnapped by thugs, and creasy decides that most of mexico city must pay the price for daring to take away his character's teddy-bear-clutching catalyst. yes, he has become...a man on fire. you must see this movie.

it's hard to top this movie in several ways. everything works really well here; the casting, acting, script, and cinematography are all first-rate. for the moviegoer, it's a moving, violent story of love and human redemption. for the film critic, there's plenty of sharp technique and technical merit. there are some tactical blunders, and as has been discussed on the boards, the ending lacks realism if one is rigorously formal with the cia agent training angle. however, i took the ending as being more moving due to the fact that rather than pursue the cia agent's pragmatic approach, creasy basically commends his soul to the ultimate without considering the consequences. like jesus himself, creasy becomes superhuman through his sacrifice, whether it actually makes pragmatic sense or not. in any case, i appreciated the fact that creasy dispenses with conventional bourgeois morality and just caps the bad guys one by one in his methodical quest for justice, which actually results in redemption both for himself and the innocent. in any case, this film is very much worth watching if you're at all attracted to the genre. an excellent soundtrack, great writing, flawless casting, and solid performances across the board make this a top-100 (or better) film.

man on fire, is definitely one of the best drama/crime thrillers i have ever seen. despite having a slow beginning the story is so amazingly complex and sensitive that it sticks together rather well. this is denzel washington's perfect role, in which he plays a body guard, called creasy that is tormented by his past and is an alcoholic but never gives up on his duty to save his latest protégée, pita. dakota fanning plays pita, the very smart, enthusiastic little girl that loves so many things, and acts in a very convincing manner, she has a great future ahead of her. as i said the story is somewhat complicated, in order to fully understand it, you must watch it a couple of times.this film is made in two parts, there's the first hour, where everyone is happy, nothing's wrong, everyone's just living their lives happily until the kidnapping of pita occurs and where creasy is almost killed. and then there's the second part, the rest of the film, where suddenly everything becomes complicated and somewhat gruesome and disturbing, when creasy's recovered from his severe injury and starts chasing and killing the numerous criminals and "la hermamdad" that were responsible for the planning and execution of the kidnapping of pita.denzel washington shows us his most up to date acting talents alongside many other talented actors which have a great future ahead of them. it is a real shame that this film hasn't been acknowledged enough, washington really deserved another oscar for his performance, and so did fanning and the director. and even maybe the visual effects which were of very high quality.if you like excellent, slightly deranged, suspenseful thrillers, this is the one to see. the most amazing thing is that elements of this film are actually based on a real story and real characters! 10/10

this comment does contain spoilers!!there are few actors that have an intangible to them. that innate quality which is an amalgamation of charisma, panache and swagger. it's the quality that can separate good actors from the truly great. i think george clooney has it and so does jack nicholson. you can look at clooney's subtle touches in scenes like his one word good-bye to andy garcia in ocean's 11 when they just utter each other's name disdainfully. "terry." "danny." you can pick any number of jack's performances dating as far back as five easy pieces in the diner to a few good men and his court room interrogation scene. these guys just have it. you can add denzel washington to the small and exclusive list of actors who exudes that terrific trait in everything he does. if you look at some of his explosive borderline diatribes in the siege to his impressive tribute to malcolm x in spike lee's film of the same name, you can see that there is no finer an actor working today. i don't mention all of this to insinuate that man on fire is perfect just because of denzel's work, but he is definitely the cog of the production. i was literally mesmerized with some of his scenes that are raw, emotional and incendiary all at the same time.washington plays creasy a former spy or cia agent or one of those covert government operatives. he has pretty much hit rock bottom as he has become disillusioned with the life that he has led. he has killed and perhaps done things that are best left unsaid and this has made him a hardened and bitter man. his friend and perhaps mentor, played very reservedly by christopher walken, is living in mexico making a very comfortable living by providing body guard services for the rich. apparently the kidnapping business in mexico is so vibrant that these paid former s.e.a.l.s and such can do very well while providing a needed service. creasey needs the work and accepts a job with a well to do family who seems to be in some financial difficulty. marc anthony is fine as samuel, radha mitchell is tantalizingly sexy as his wife lisa and dakota fanning is just unbelievably and precociously brilliant as pita. i don't know how a child of her age can have such range to play the characters that she does but her interpretation of pita is nothing short of oscar worthy. the film's entire first half is dependent on the relationship between pita and creasy and if there was a weaker actress in the role, perhaps that emotional synergy would not have come across so succinctly. but fanning is nothing short of remarkable in the role.it is the relationship between pita and creasy that drives this film to the apex of cinema. together they are perfect and there is a real bond developed between them. tony scott directs with a frenetic urgency and his eye for visual flare has never been better. i am interested to see how his next film, domino, turns out. i think scott is one of today's under rated directors and with more films like this one, his name will surely be elevated to icon status.the story has creasy really taking to pita, and vis-ca versa. there is a definite connection between the two of them and perhaps it stems from the fact that although pita loves her dad, he is not around much. he is a philanthropist and obviously has little time to spend with his family. soon, creasy is taking pita to her swimming competition. he is reading her bedtime stories and she is naming her teddy bear "creasy". it's not just a friendship between them, it is more of a kinship, and a deep parental love seems to be present. the film changes gears when pita does get kidnapped and held for ransom and creasy is is almost fatally injured trying to protect her. this is where the story becomes thick with innuendo and ripe with deceit as the plot pieces get unraveled like an onion. and this is where denzel becomes a tour de force. like i said earlier, i have seen denzel give some outstanding performances in films like crimson tide and training day, but never have i seen him like this. he is a man possessed and with the possibility of pita being dead, he becomes a literal man on fire. it rages in him as he hunts down and dishes out his brand of comeuppance. denzel's anger and acerbity are ubiquitous and not easily quelled as he hunts down each person responsible for pita's violation. this all vigilante justice as the mexican authorities always seem to be one step behind. also what is paramount to this film's audacious brilliance is that there are few films that actually give the criminals their due comeuppance. i have often been frustrated to watch films where the bad guys get let off easily. they inflict all kinds of torment for the entire film and then they take a bullet and die. but not in this film. writer brian helgeland sees to it that retribution here is unequivocal and it is painful. the perpetrators here feel creasy's wrath and they experience the torment that he unleashes. there is nothing gimmicky about his brand of justice. he needs information and someone loses a finger. he wants answers and a homemade bomb is placed in places that are meant for other things. there is no punches pulled here and this is one of the true strengths of the film.man on fire is one the five best films of 2004. now that it is out on dvd, my recommendation is to get the se. it is loaded with bonus features that include about 6 hours of documentaries and different commentary tracks. 10/10

this is an excellent, heartbreaking movie. it is by far the best i've seen that depicts the current reality in latin america...kidnappings, corruption, ruthless and greedy police officials and heartless mayhem towards innocent victims. denzel washinton gives the most moving performance in his career, in my opinion. dakota fanning is an amazing young actress. the relationship between washington and fanning is wonderfully written and portrayed, i believed every minute. the cast is brilliant, christopher walken, mickey rourke are great as always. walken lights up the screen for me like no other actor. i would have loved to see more of both of them. the authentic locations are remarkable. the camera work is interesting and different. there are many famous latin actors in the cast, making it all the more interesting for people familiar with latin american cinema. i highly recommend this movie.

man on fire was hot. i love a classic tale of good ol' revenge, and what better cause for revenge than the kidnapping of an innocent little girl.the writers did an excellent job in this movie of building the relationship between creasy (denzel washington) and pita (dakota fanning) so that the viewer would understand and actually feel the drive creasy had to rescue pita. it was also good that creasy wasn't a choir boy type trying to rescue pita through the "proper" channels, but instead used torture tactics and street smarts. some may say, "torture is wrong regardless," and you may be right, but when you see the pain creasy goes through due to the loss of pita and the sheer passion he has for getting her back, you can't help but side with creasy and pull for him to be even more merciless. there would be no progress if creasy used diplomacy to deal with the different nefarious gangsters and criminals and he knew that.creasy's quest ended with the return of pita to her mother and creasy dying in the vehicle of the bad guys. but creasy's death did not diminish the effectiveness of the movie, it in fact enhanced it by showing that creasy was willing to die to get pita back. his death was noble in fact.denzel does an excellent job as do the writers. this movie deserves good marks because it definitely was a good movie.

i get teased all the time by family and friends for my tears over movies, and they were not disappointed when i watched this one. i cried numerous times but believe me it was not over sappiness. i ached for the family and i ached for this man as he tried to redeem himself the only way he knew how. denzel was fabulous as always, and so was chris walkin. mickey rourke, i did not even recognized though; the years have not been kind to him. my husband is not one to re-watch movies unless they are historically accurate war movies(snore!!!!) he has watched this movie 5 times now and i am going to have to get the dvd to watch it again because he has worn out the tape and it jumped the whole time i was watching.

when i remember seeing the previews for this movie and not really thinking much about it. it was almost one of those movies that when you see the preview, its stunning, and then when it comes out, you hear nothing and totally miss it, and your memory totally doesn't correct the mistake of missing it. man on fire was one of those movies. i was curious on a rental one time, and i decided to take it home with me, my precious blockbuster rental in my hands. i watched it, and witnessed such a beautiful movie. it is like none other...drama and action combined to create something amazingly spectacular. the cinematography done by tony scott is extremely well done and unique, unlike another movie. the subtitles can explain something without even listening to the actual voices, and the music is very intriguing for the setting. i got into this movie, and ended up buying it as soon as i could scurry out of the household and head over to best buy. i've watched it several times now. denzel washington (creasy) does an amazing job with becoming this lost-minded ex-special forces man with no reason to live. dakota fanning (pita) puts life back into him with her undying love for him right from the start. they bond and become good friends, until she is kidnapped by notorious gangsters part of the brotherhood, la hermandad. creasy (denzel) tells the mother of dakota fanning that he will hunt down the killers, fearing that pita is dead. this is where creasy really shows the person he can become. he uses his contacts from pita's kidnapping and creasy's hospitalization to find one of the men and he begins his pursuit. my favorite line of all, is in this movie, when christopher walken tells the afi agent that "a man is a work of art, in anything that he does....cooking, whatever. creasy's art is death...he's about to paint his masterpiece." he plays a very unique roll of creasy's old partner and friend. after finally pursuing the brother of "the voice," leader of la hermandad. creasy arranges a meeting to trade pita for himself and the voice's brother. in the end, creasy dies from being shot earlier, and his wound getting infected and massive blood loss. it is a very sincere and sad ending, but a great one. i love this movie and recommend it to anyone that is looking for a memorable flick. the story is in depth, everything is explained from beginning to end, and nothing corny at all in any way or manner.

he is the quintessential narcissist and manipulator; in this case, portraying attorney (and murderer) tom capano.kathryn morris is sympathetic as victim, anne marie fahey, but in the beginning is a bit too much the victim. we are sorry for the situation, but become simultaneously disgusted after seeing his victimization of several other women (including rachel ward) as well.the sad part is where she is actually getting help with her self-esteem issues, and capano actually had her psychologist killed. pretty hard to believe, but this was based on a true story.there is a cameo with olympia dukakis (excellent) as capano's mother. all in all, an interesting story because it is based on a true murder, and you will want to read ann rule's book to get the accurate details. 8/10.

-kidnappings in mexico are as common as honeys giving me their phone numbers so if you're rich then you'll need a good bodyguard to keep you and your kids safe. a couple hires a washed up bodyguard called creasy to protect their adorable kid pita. at first, their relationship is a tad buggy but after a while, creasy eases up to the girl and the two develop a father/daughter relationship. one day pita is kidnapped and creasy is badly injured in the process. when he wakes up he finds out that the girl has been killed due to a ransom negotiations that went wrong and this sets creasy on a path find the men responsible for her death and make sure they are brought to his brand of justice.-keep some tylenol next to you while watching this movie because you will need to take some after watching it. i really love the story here of going to the extreme to obtain revenge because most movies usually just want revenge but really never go too far where as this movie they show how far a man can go to do what he feels is right. the only problem is the annoying visual style, which will either make you hate the movie or hate tony scott. i really feel sorry for the cinematographer because i'm sure he came into this movie thinking he was going to be filming an action movie and probably got all excited but instead he got stuck being the dp for a filmmaker that feels that the whole movie should look like it's been possessed by demons. i wouldn't have mind if the crappy visuals were restricted to a few action scenes but when it's spread through out the whole movie then that's when we have some problems. the same annoying style was recently used on "domino" and much like with this movie the style did hurt that otherwise great movie.-another person i feel sorry on this movie was the soon to be great harry gregson williams who had the impossible task of trying to compose music out of the jagged images. somehow, williams wrote some decent music for the movie but i'm sure if the movie had been more stable then the music would have turned out a lot better. the sound is wrongfully used throughout the movie and instead of enhancing the movie experience, it rather makes you feel like you're being punished. the overuse of the subwoofer is irritating as every 5 seconds or so you can hear an ungodly low end sound coming out of it. i don't know why scott thought the audience needed to be bombarded by the subwoofer but it really takes you away from the movie.-the acting in the movie is a beast despite the visuals. little fanning does yet another great job here and the scene at the end of the movie just breaks my heart. if the end of the movie doesn't make anyone cry then they're dead on the inside. denzel washington breaks his rule of not making any action movies with this movie and luckily, for him he gets to play a great character. the whole idea of a man that's lost in life and all of a sudden due to a tragedy finds a purpose in his life is nothing new but washington brings some heart and emotion to the otherwise flat character. i love how we witness him from being a loner to actually learning to have emotion and after the kidnapping becoming a cold instrument of revenge. radha mitchell plays marc anthony's wife and she along with fanning are the two reasons why i can't hate the movie too much. j.lo's husband comes and goes in the movie but he doesn't really stand out much. mickey rourke and chris walken all have minimal roles in the movie but they do make an impact.-one thing that makes me laugh is how the filmmakers try to makeup for the crappy way they portray mexico by calling it a fine city at the end of the movie. a little too late for that if you ask me. let's hope that tony scott is done with this phase of intentionally trying to ruin his career because a filmmaker as talented as him can and must do better than this.

you know you're in for something different when a movie has christopher walken playing the part of a professional hit man - and he isn't even one of the bad guys! although it could do with some judicious trimming here and there, "man on fire" is a generally effective crime drama that ranges in tone from the openly sentimental to the downright brutal - and just about every tone imaginable in between.denzel washington stars as creasy, a former cia assassin who has recently quit the business and is seeking some sort of redemption for the sins he's committed. so far, he's been looking for answers in a bottle and the bible and not doing all that well with either. as the movie opens, mexico city has been ravaged by a series of kidnappings aimed at the powerful and well-to-do, possibly perpetrated by the very police force assigned to keep law and order in the community. creasy accepts the position as bodyguard to the daughter of a wealthy business owner who rightly fears for her safety. the first third of the film is devoted to the growing friendship between creasy and his charge, pita, a sweet little girl who, slowly but surely, works her way into creasy's initially hardened heart and affections. the last two-thirds of the film turns into an avenging angel melodrama, as creasy systematically seeks out and eliminates all those responsible for a tragedy that occurs early on in the story.based on the novel by a.j quinnell, "man on fire," astutely written by brian helgeland and flashily directed by tony scott, is a coolly efficient action picture that never shies away from the raw brutality of its subject matter. it takes a risk in asking us to identify with a man who is, for all intents and purposes, achieving his redemption by torturing and murdering (admittedly disreputable) people. these scenes of carnage and violence are both intense and suspenseful, even if they do at times border on the exploitative. even better are the quiet, intimate moments between creasy and pita in the early parts of the movie. washington and the wonderful dakota fanning establish an natural, easygoing rapport that helps to set the stage for the chaos and turmoil to follow.washington carries the movie with his quality of stoic righteousness, making us understand his character on an emotional level even if what he is doing eludes us intellectually. in addition to the two leads, there are solid performances from walken, marc anthony, radha mitchell, mickey rourke, rachel ticotin and giancarlo giannini. but it is washington and the delightful ms. fanning who steal the show."man on fire" would have been better with about a half hour taken out its running time, but this is still a better-than-average crime thriller.

although released among a flock of revenge-minded action flicks (kill bill vol. 2; the punisher; walking tall), man on fire works as well as it does thanks in large part to the always-watchable denzel washington, one of the best actors around today.in man on fire, based on a.j. quinnell's 1980 novel (first filmed in 1987, with scott glenn), washington plays a down-on-his-luck ex-mercenary who has now stooped to drinking from a flash of jack daniels, until his old partner (christopher walken) offers him a chance at redemption. he is hired on as a bodyguard to the 10 year-old daughter (dakota fanning) of a mexican businessman (marc antony) and his american-born wife (radha mitchell). while he and fanning work like oil and water first (not mixing very well), he really gets to form a bond with her, encouraging her to do better at swimming, while he at the same time attempts to deal with the demons of the past. it is that very bond that will force washington back into his old line of work when fanning is kidnapped and held for a $10 million ransom, and he is nearly killed. with almost any other stock action hero (schwarzenneger; segal, etc.), the subsequent bloodbath would be the same repetitive schlock we've seen a million times before. but washington's character, though he's killing for a reason, does not particularly enjoy doing what he does. still, he gets help from a very intrepid mexican newspaper reporter (rachel ticotin) out to expose "la hermanidad" (the brotherhood), the kidnap gang responsible for fanning's abduction.man on fire is flawed to some extent because of the hyper camera work, nearly headache-inducing montage editing, and various film stocks that are par for the course of its director tony scott (top gun; crimson tide), but which are not necessarily unique to him (witness oliver stone's use of montage in jfk or sam peckinpah's in his classic 60s and 70s films). still, scott gets a very good performance from washington, as well as fanning, who comes across as far more than a typical movie-brat kid. harry gregson-williams' south-of-the-border spanish guitar score is enhanced by soundtrack splashes of chopin, debussy, and even linda ronstadt's classic 1977 country-rock version of "blue bayou." although the film overall is quite violent, it is no worse than most action films of the last ten years, and overall it is much better than most.

there are many reasons to watch this movie: to see the reality that whips latin america with regard to the kidnappings thing, the police corruption at continental level, among so many realities that we live the latins. the performance of denzel wahington was brilliant, this guy continues being an excellent actor and that it continues this way. dakota fanning just by 10 years, an excellent actress has become and i congratulate her. the rest of the movie was of marvel, i have it in my collection. i hope that they are happened to those producing of hollywood to make a movie completely in venezuela, where they show our reality better with regard to the delinquency, the traffic of drugs or the political problems. they have been few the movies that they play venezuelan land (for example: aracnophobia, jungle 2 jungle, dragonfly) they should make more, as well as they make in mexico.the song "una mirada" i hope that it leaves in the soundtrack, it is excellent. my vote is 10/10

i liked this film a lot. it's dark, it's not a bullet-dodging, car-chasing numb your brain action movie. a lot of the characters backgrounds and motivations are kinda vague, leaving the viewer to come to their own conclusions. it's nice to see a movie where the director allows the viewer to make up their own minds.in the end, motivated by love or vengeance, or a desire to repent - he does what he feels is "right". 'will god ever forgive us for what we've done?' - it's not a question mortal men can answer - so he does what he feels he has to do, what he's good at, what he's been trained to do.denzel washington is a great actor - i honestly can't think of one bad movie he's done - and he's got a great supporting cast. i would thoroughly recommend this movie to anyone.

here's a gritty, get-the-bad guys revenge story starring a relentless and rough denzel washington. he's three personalities here: a down-and-out-low-key-now drunk- former mercenary, then a loving father-type person to a little girl and then a brutal maniac on the loose seeking answers and revenge.the story is about washington hired to be a bodyguard for a little american girl living in mexico, where kidnappings of children occur regularly (at least according to the movie.) he becomes attached to the kid, played winningly by the child actress of our day, dakota fanning. when fanning is kidnapped in front of him, washington goes after the men responsible and spares no one. beware: this film is not for the squeamish.this is stylish film-making, which is good and bad. i liked it, but a number of people found it too frenetic for their tastes as the camera-work is one that could give you a headache. i thought it fit the tense storyline and was fascinating to view, but it's (the shaky camera) not for all tastes.besides the two stars, there is the always-interesting christopher walken, in an uncharacteristically low-key role, and a number of other fine actors.the film panders to the base emotions in all of us, but it works.

mean-spirited, ugly, nasty retro-action thriller, about a bodyguard who is determined to find (and destroy!), the killers of the girl he was supposed to protect. this film is almost an anachronism in today's politically correct atmosphere. director scott doesn't have any desire to apologize for the inherently immorality behind the film's dramatic structure. scott is either not aware or doesn't care for 30 years of social advances. i really don't think we will see a more violent film any time soon, so you better go and see this one while you can. despite its relentless grimness, i think the movie is a powerful example of cinema at its most sinister, exploitative, and effective. scott has a tough thing to sell, but i think i'm a buyer. the extraordinary technical aspects of this film are just too effective for me to ignore. scott's directorial choices are simply astonishing, and he pulls a great performance out of denzel washington. sensitive souls need to stay away from this one, but i recommended it to those viewers looking for a great, action-filled movie.

this is by far one of the better made movies and didn't leave me disappointed at all. the sound track along with finely shot hand-held camera work was exquisite . the are always chances a movie won't hold ones beliefs as well as another, but i felt that rhythm of this picture and the timing was excellent. dakota fanning is rapidly becoming a staple in movie that require a child with an old soul personality and she has never disappointed me with her talent. as for mr. washington and of course christopher walken they both exceed the challenge of showing the darkest sides of humanity trying to move to the light.

i loved this movie. i'm a mexican and was in the least offended by it. in fact, i think this movie should be shown at police headquarters all over mexico. it's a sad truth that our police system is as rotten as a 3 month old corpse. it angers me to read in the news how killers, kidnappers and other slime go free by paying a laughable fine or live like kings inside prison cells. we should have someone like creasy, denzel washington's character. a bodyguard turned vengeful vigilante. kidnapping is flourishing industry down here (at least in the big cities). i actually wish real life kidnappers could suffer the same fate as the one's creasy did his fine job upon. that would be so marvelous (sorry, i am that resentful!). man on fire is a gripping film that you can't miss. it might be hard on some of you, if you aren't used to reading subtitles (mexicans do that all the time while watching american movies) but the effort will be well worth it. some of the editing is a bit fuzzy...kind of like traffic, remember? (another brilliant take on how corrupt mexico is). the movie starts out a bit slow but the pace picks up frantically by the second half. i swear you'll be cheering as you watch denzel washington dispatch the wrong doers. his performance is nothing short of excellent. the ending (no spoilers, ok!!!) is a bit sad, but i'm sure you'll like it anyway. man on fire is one of the year's best movies. a "must own" for a dvd collection! 9* out of 10

this has to be one of the best, if not the best film i have seen for a very, very long time. had enough action to satisfy an fan, and yet the plot was very good. i really enjoyed the film,and had me hooked from start to finish.added blood and gore in there, but brought the realistic nature of what happens to the front of the film, and even had a tear jerker ending for many people i should think.it is a must watch for anyone. seen many reviews, slating the film, but to be fair, most the films that get bad reviews, turn out to be some of the best. this proves it once again.rent this film, buy this film, just go out and watch this film. you will not be disappointed.

...dont read any plot summaries because in words the plot might seem trivial, brain-dead and pointless. the film is excellent, the acting by both denzel and dakota (she will go sky high, trust me on that)are just fabulous, and the plot is mind blowing. actually "fabulous" is a small word to use for such talented actors. the film is just based on actual facts and some characters are not fictional, a fact that adds up to the shock that i was having during and after the film. if you are fond of both actors and of somewhat deranged films, you still haven't watched your favorite one yet...trust me, in the end you will have a weird and inexplicable feeling. the film is awesome, see it, rent it, buy it or whatever...just don't miss it

certainly one of the finest movies i have seen for quite some time. exquisite direction and flawless acting make this a very entertaining and often moving film. denzel washington plays one of his most engaging and emotional roles to date, and the rest of the cast perform beautifully. christopher walken is of course superb in his part although he did not appear as often as i would have liked. a story of ultimate greed that backfires is offset against a childs innocence and love. this is also a film for action movie lovers as it has its fair share of bullets, rockets and revenge. the location of mexico city adds a feel of seediness and corruption which in itself is an eye opener. all in all, a truly gripping film from beginning to end. highly recommended!

sometimes realism can work against the effectiveness of a film. that's no problem here. the sets are cheesy, inside and out. the fog is ubiquitous, half disguising the shabbiness of the production. if there's a bar, the name painted on the front window says simply, "wine and spirits." the result is a claustrophobic set of scenes. not a single shot of a city or even a fake skyline. that's the kind of dublin this story is about, just as jack the ripper movies are about seedy, foggy, cobblestoned whitechapel. who would want it any other way? how could it have been any other way with no bankable stars, a minuscule budget, and a four-week shooting schedule? the acting follows suit -- outrageously hammy on everyone's part. sometimes, my god, it's positively excruciating. mrs. mcphillips moaning after frankie is shot dead outside the house. victor mclaglin however delivers exactly the right kind of overdone performance. wardrobe has stuffed him into a too-small jacket so that he seems to be bursting out of it like frankenstein's monster. his every movement seems to go a little farther than it was intended to. when he slaps his cap on his head, he bops himself on the temple. a big, blustering, blubbering baby, he seems constantly drunk. he betrays his best friend for the reward money which will take him and his would-be girl to america, not a good guy in the ordinary sense. yet we wince as he begins to spend the 20 pounds, more and more of it during a wild, alcoholic night, because every expensive and grandiose gesture takes him farther from his dream. i wouldn't argue it, but i can understand why he won an oscar.as for max steiner's score, wow. every movement, already overdone, is not only underlined by the mickey mouse music but highlighted in glossy yellow. it shouldn't have happened -- the heavenly choirs, the endearing young charms, the minstrel boy, the gurgling tune while mclaglen drinks from the bottle. it would have been better off with no score at all.well, how is it as a whole? dated -- by any measure, but not a product of its times. that's why i admire it. yes, the symbolism is clumsy at times. mclaglen, a real dummy, bumping his head against a hanging sign. the fog. the blind man. but what impresses me is how little of this was being tried at the time. what strikes us as overly arty today was in 1936 something quite different from what was seen in most of the programmers being ground out at the time. if it falls short at times, it doesn't matter. the movie was an act of courage, politically and morally as well as poetically. (the legion of decency condemned it because of a scene in a brothel.) a director's goal should exceed his grasp, or what's a script for? watching it now, however, in 2006, the story is more disturbing than ever. john ford obviously sympathized with the irish rebels. they kill, but only out of what they see as necessity. ("he knows too much to live. what if he goes to the tans? oh, it's not me-self i'm thinking of but all of us, of ireland herself.") the irish are sentimentalized and sympathetic. i wonder if the jihadists in the middle east don't use a similar logic to justify their acts of violence.

this picture in 1935 walked away with all kinds of ocars for best director, john ford, actor victor mclaglen and music by max seiner. victor mclaglen,(gypo nolan), "call out the marines",'42, gave an outstanding performance as an irish rebel who belonged to a rough and tough crowd who were all fighting for a cause and at the same time getting poorer and poorer with plenty of drinking. gypo nolan made a bad mistake when he decided to become an informer for his best friend in order to take a trip with his gal to america and a new way of living. preston foster, (don gallagher),"guadalcanal diary",'43, gave a great supporting role as the leader of the irish rebellion and was anxious to capture the informer of his group. gypo nolan becomes haunted by his betrayal of his friend and begins to feel just like a judas. great film for 1935 and wonderful acting by mclaglen, but rather depressing in every aspect of the film.

in the mid-1930s hollywood was regaining its confidence after the difficulties of the talkie transition. although all the technical problems of sound had been solved very quickly, it took longer to resolve the questions of how talking pictures should look, how they should be structured and how they should be acted. the informer is a key picture in that it shows the extent to which wordless moments can convey story, asserting the power images without ignoring the necessities of sound and dialogue.this is not to say the informer is truly a throwback to the golden days of the silents. for one thing, many silent pictures were not so purely visual in their narrative, and were overburdened with title cards. but what the informer has is the self-assuredness to extend moments between dialogues, to focus on reactions more than speeches, and to let shots play out simply for atmosphere.director john ford, for all his capability, was a filmmaker who appears to have put in effort in proportion to how interested he was in the material. if he thought a story was silly, he just did it half-arsed. luckily the informer, with its depiction of community, honour, working class life and most importantly irish setting, was everything ford loved, and the result is one of his finest works. in it, ford only really employs too kinds of shot. the first is of places – the dublin streets shrouded in mist and darkness so their furthest depths cannot be seen; dingy interiors where the walls and ceilings seem to press in on us. the second is of faces, striking close-ups against plain backgrounds, usually without dialogue, focusing us upon the inner conflicts of these people.lead man victor mclaglen fits perfectly within this character and this manner of filming him. mclaglen's performance does not look like much, being as it is about 90% drunk act. but the other 10% is heartfelt emoting, as here and there his gypo nolan has what alcoholics refer to as a moment of clarity. with such performances are oscars won. mclaglen is backed by a spot-on supporting cast, among whom there are no weak links. in particular it is nice to have donald meek and una o'connor, usually only seen in comic relief roles, playing straight dramatic parts for once (although meek's appearance does contain one or two jokes, the tone of the scene and much of his manner is serious). not only do these two deliver incredibly deep performances, their familiarity to most viewers as comedy players gives an added note of poignancy to their part in this tragedy.rko, who produced the informer, were perhaps the most adventurous and willing to take risks of all the major studios. thanks to this, we are able to see a dismal story with a despicable anti-hero at its centre, which could easily have been a clunky, over-earnest mess, instead filled with a moody atmosphere and depth of character which keeps us watching and draws us into its world.

like many people here, i started out finding my patience being tried by this film. by the end, i actually shed a few tears.it seems to be in the nature of most old films to drag for 7/8th length and then catch fire right at the end. older film-goers learned to bide their time patiently through the slow parts, calm in the knowledge that the big payoff is on the way. but that isn't quite accurate. you see, to earlier audiences, what are to us the "slow parts" were the main body of the story. they watched and found anecdotal and thematic interest there. modern audiences, post-spielberg, are in a constant state of waiting to be hit with a small climax every two minutes when they see older films. it's the inflation problem of modern movies. well, that isn't going to happen. it is not necessary to apologize for these films; it is simply that you have to adjust your expectations and personal rhythm when you watch them. at this point, the difference between avatar and the informer is like the difference between euripides and a traveling production of rent. think about it for a minute or two. not to strain at the obvious, but euripides still deserves a hearing.the "exciting part", for most modern viewers, begins with the ira tribunal scene and escalates to the final couple of minutes, which, if you are at all on board or even paying attention by that time, will tear your heart out. it's not some high-tone universal abstract plea for forgiveness; it's a plea from one dimwit, and those who feel sorry for the big lummox, for a little mercy. it's that personal, and that embarrassingly naked an appeal. for after being mad at gypo, irritated at him, thinking this is the dumbest character of all time, you finally find yourself won over by the scene of gypo's erstwhile girlfriend pleading to another woman to talk her man into going easy him. the film may be sentimental, but the sentimentality is not cheap as some here have charged. there's a matter of life and death that plays out here, and as long as you take the proposition of one life to a customer seriously, it's sentimentality wrung out of the most serious stuff.8 of 10. and the fault for it not being 10 of 10 is my own and in some measure yours, if you are reading this. we have all asked for more, ever more, faster, ever faster until we cannot put ourselves in 1935 -- just yesterday, really -- as easily as we should be able.

i just saw this film on turner classic movies last night and was blown away by victor mclaglen's performance:in every sense of the word a "tour de force". the atmosphere of 1922 dublin evoked through the cinematography and production design really foreshadowed techniques used in the best film noirs of the 40's and early 50's.very nice attention to detail also;during frankie mcphillip's (wallace ford's) wake, the mourners are all praying in gaelic. max steiner's score is unforgettable. as in later films such as 1939's gwtw, he appropriated folk ballads to lend local color and a sense of place and time. john ford: already a film giant in 1935!

****spoilers**** powerhouse movie that shows how men in desperate situations can go so far as sacrifice their best friends and family members and not realize what monsters that they are by doing it. until like in the case of bull-like gypo noland, victor mclaglen, it's too much too late.it's 1922 and the hight of the black & tan irish revolt against the mighty british empire with the tans, british occupying troops, on the lookout for wanted irish republican rebel frankie mcphillip, wallace ford, wanted for the killing of a briish soldier. gypo a good, really the best, friend of the fugitive mcphillip is down on his luck not having a job with his girlfriend katie, margot grahame, forced to turn tricks in the dublin red-light district in order to pay her rent.after an outraged gypo worked over a potential john who want's to spend a few hours with katie, for a shilling or two, an angry katie tells the not so bright gyro that he's preventing her for supporting herself with the only bankable asset she has , her body. katie also tells gypo that he should wake up to reality and realize what a desperate situation that she's in. telling the mind-numbed gypo that it would only cost ten pound sterling for her to go to america, and get out of the poverty of ireland, gypo suddenly remembers a poster of his good friend frankie mcphillip that he just saw announcing a reward of 20 pound sterling. thats enough money for both him and kaite to travel to america.gypo going to a local dublin flop house and soup kitchen to get a free meal is startled to run into his friend frankie mcphillip. frankie tells him that he snuck into dublin to see both his mother mrs. mcphillip and sister mary, una o'connor & heather angel, and if he can make sure that everything is safe for him to go home and later leave for his irish republican unit outside the city.all gypo can see in frankie's face is the 20 pound sterling reward for him being turned into the police! without as much of a second thought, after he assured frankie that everything is all right, gypo secretly goes to the police and informs on his friend who's later shot and killed in a police and tan shootout in his moms house.with the deed done the chief of police hands over the 20 pound sterling, much like thirty pieces of silver, to an almost emotionless gypo who takes it and sneaks out the back door of the police station so that one one can see him. you can see in the police chief's face and actions that he has nothing but utter contempt for gypo's betrayal of his friend frankie mcphillip. even though he was wanted for murder and an enemy of the british empire. that's how low traitors or informers are held even by those whom they secretly work for.gypo turns out to be his own worst enemy after his betrayal of frankie as his conscience takes control of his mind. gypo sees and hears everyone, including his unsuspecting girlfriend katie, pointing a finger and implicating him in frankie's betrayal and death at the hands of the british authorities. gypo's guilty mind has him getting himself royally and gloriously drunk, on the reward money, that by the time he's forced to to admit his crime to his irish republican army colleagues, who had the almost dead drunk and slobbering gypo on trial, the money was just about gone in his partying drinking and whoring.whatever good feelings, if that's possible, that you had for the weak minded and strong shouldered gypo was completely demolished when in an act of total desperation, in order to keep from getting shot, he falsely implicate an innocent man mulligan, donald meek, in his crime of informing on his friend frankie mcphillip. which is quickly exposed as a total fabrication by non other then the guilt-ridden gypo himself. the dye is then cast as straws are drawn for who would be the one to put a bullet in gypo's head for the final gut spilling chapter of this heart wrenching and unforgettable crime & punishment classic.

victor mclaglen's performance is one of the finest in film history.i think we can all feel for "gypo" because we've all struggled with what is right and what isn't and been wrong. this was one of the first art-house pictures to be released by a major american movie studio (rko radio pictures).joseph h. august's cinematography is at its very best here. however, august's stunning portion was mostly overlooked; he didn't receive the oscar nomination he rightly deserved.this is a psychological drama, with thought, philosophy, sadness, all conveyed with as little words as possible.

yet again, early morning television proves an invaluable resource for films that i otherwise would never have been able to track down. at four o'clock in the morning, i stumbled out of bed to begin recording 'the informer (1935),' my fourth film from prolific american director john ford, and an excellent one at that. set during the irish civil war in 1922, the screenplay was adapted by dudley nichols from the novel of the same name by liam o'flaherty. though he was born in the united states, and is most renowned for his "americana" pictures, both of ford's parents were irish, which explains the director's decision to direct the film. victor mclaglen plays gypo nolan, a brutish but well-meaning ruffian who informs on an old friend, frankie mcphillip (wallace ford), in order to claim the £20 reward for his girlfriend, katie (margot grahame). when frankie is killed during his attempted arrest, the irish republican army, of which both frankie and gypo were members, begins to investigate the traitor behind the incident, every clue bringing them closer and closer to the real culprit.meanwhile, gypo is plagued with guilt for his friend's untimely death, and descends into a bout of heavy-drinking that rivals don birnam in 'the lost weekend (1945)' in its excessiveness. as gypo drowns his sorrows in copious volumes of alcohol, trapped in a vicious little circle of depression, his extravagant spending captures the attention of the investigating ira members. for the one time in his life, gypo finds himself surrounded by admirers (including an amusing j.m. kerrigan), who enthusiastically clap him on the back and christen him "king gypo" for his physical might. however, it's obvious that these people feel no affection for the man, and are simple showing him attention to exploit him for money. the additional £20 brought by frankie's death could never buy gypo an assembly of friends – indeed, in a bitter twist of irony, the money was only made possible by the betrayal and loss of one of his only good companions. a relatively simple fellow, gypo could not possibly have fully considered the consequences of his actions, and is eventually offered forgiveness on account of his "not knowing what he was doing," but his foolishness must not go unpunished.criticism is occasionally levelled at ford's film for its allegedly propagandistic support of a "terrorist" organisation. though this stance obviously depends on one's personal views {i certainly don't know enough irish history to pass judgement}, there's no doubt that the film portrays the irish republican army as selfless, dedicated and impartial, a proud piece of irish patriotism if i ever saw it. however, the main theme of the story is that of betrayal; driven by intense poverty, one ordinary man betrays the confidence of his good friend, and comes to deeply regret his actions. the tormented gypo is played mainly for pity, and victor mclaglen gives a powerful performance that betrays a lifetime of unsatisfying existence, culminating in one terrible decision that condemns him to an uneasy death. 'the informer' was john ford's first major oscar success, winning a total of four awards (from six nominations), including best actor for mclaglen {who snatched the statue from the three-way favourites of 'mutiny on the bounty (1935)'}, best director and best screenplay for dudley nichols {who declined the award due to union disagreements}.

this amazing oscar winner (4 in total) and john ford's first academy award winner, is simply spellbinding with a pounding score by max steiner. called an art film, because ford had very little money to make this great story about guilt and retribution, and greed and stupidity. but what makes this movie such a classic, is the direction and astounding photography and use of fog and lighting, that was so different from the usual american film, and more in the tradition of german expressionism. and the oscar winning performance by victor mclaglen as the drunken gypo is simply unbelievable. basically the movie takes place in ireland, and gypo turns in a friend in the rebel movement to the english to collect 20 pounds to give to his girlfriend. but having all that money, he starts blowing it on an all night drunk and giving it away, while the leaders of the movement are trying to track down the informer. the whole movie is one night in a dark and foggy ireland, and a cast of characters that are memorable but all along, the whole world of gypo is closing in on him, both psychologically. if i had to pick maybe three directors to have all their movies on a deserted island forever, and nobody elses, john ford would certainly be one of them. what a truly remarkable movie...

john ford is one of the most influential and best remembered american filmmakers in the history of film, his name usually associated with the western film genre. however, john ford's arguably best film is not a western at all but a seedy drama set in the irish fight for independence in the early 1920s: 1935's the informer.times are tough on many in ireland and the burnt out gypo nolan is caught in a web of poverty and desperation - and the walls are closing in. gypo is big but he is not the brightest bulb on the tree, has a warm heart but a short fuse, and never seems to really think things all the way through but he is not a criminal or a self-centered pig. walking the streets starving with no where to live, the hulking gypo nolan finds the prime lady in his life, katie madden, on the streets soliciting herself because of her own desperate situation and starts to dream about taking her to the united states if he only had the 20 pounds to pay for it. as luck would have it, his friend frankie is back in town with a 20 pound price over his head and gypo is desperate enough to inform the police of frankie's whereabouts. gypo, with the new 20 pounds of blood money earned, finds this foggy night particularly foggier as guilt swells all over him and the ira invests all their resources to find frankie's informer.victor mclaglen portrays the fallen gypo nolan and definitely deserved the best actor oscar he was awarded for this film. his brutish, stupid, and tender turns give the character dimension and mclaglen is only second to dudley moore's character arthur bach from the 1981 film arthur as the most entertaining cinematic drunk. margot grahame's performance as katie madden is also excellent but she and mclaglen are the only members of the cast who truly impress. preston foster is especially miscast as an ira head, mainly because he is most obviously not irish, and j. m. kerrigan borders on irritating throughout his role in the film but this disappointing supporting cast is the film's only poor point.often overshadowed by some of ford's better known westerns like the searchers or the man who shot liberty valance, the informer is easily one of john ford's best films - if not his very best. beginning what would be a long career of oscar nominations and wins for john ford, the informer won four oscars including one for him for best director in 1936. ford and company's use of shadows and light in the film is particularly engaging and vital to telling the story. gypo's walk through the streets is narrated by the gloomy state of the town and the glaring accusations of the street lamps, each shadow constantly reminding him of his dark deed. ford's command of this technique was amazing to watch; if the informer was made 10 years later (thus making the genre requirements) it would probably be considered one of the best films noir of all time but that does not hinder it from being remembered as an excellent classic film.

maybe it's because i looked up the history of the irish troubles in the 1920s and then the sad civil war that engulfed the free state after the signing of the treaty before watching this movie. anyway, the sudden turn at the end brought tears to my eyes.victor mclaglen isn't as famous today as he was back then, and he should be better remembered. in this film, i think he's playing himself as he would have been without his innate talent and brains. for example, the scenes where his buddy in the crowd is challenging men to fight with him is probably quite reminiscent of what mclaglen actually did in earlier years, when he was a world-class bare-knuckles boxer. john ford is partly responsible for that; the imdb trivia section shows how he tricked mclaglen into getting a really bad hangover for the trial scene. this director also could bring out a lot in his actors, even without such tricks. mostly, though, mclaglen is firmly in control, especially when his character is almost totally blotto (which is difficult for an actor to do believably), and he also plays gypo nolan with a depth and emotional power that is surprising for someone who has only seen mclaglen later in his career, in "the quiet man." i especially like the contrast between this role as an ira man and the much more obviously controlled performance he gave as the ira man denis hogan in "hangman's house." in "the quiet man," of course, mclaglen is a country squire at odds with the local ira. victor mclaglen was big and bully, in the old-fashioned sense of the word, but he was a good actor, too, and capable of wide range and fine nuances of performance that we just wouldn't expect of a such a man today. it's a rather sad comment on our own set of expectations and prejudices.ford, as usual, packs a lot into a little bit of film. all the characters are excellent (though the commandant's mostly american accent is distracting) -- note: there be spoilers ahead! -- knowing that gypo once drew the short straw and was ordered to kill a man but let him talk his way out of it instead, we really empathize with the man who draws the short straw for executing gypo, and the humanity he shows, most notably when they go to take gypo in mary's room. john ford really shows his genius here, taking what could have been a gruesome and yet expected outcome to the whole story and instead using it to set up a totally unexpected and yet very satisfying ending that makes us think not just of gypo and the other characters, but of poor ireland during that tortured time.

one of john ford's best films 'the informer' doesn't feature any grand scenery of the american west. instead the intense drama ford was known for plays out on the no less rugged terrain of british character actor victor mclaglen's face. the former prizefighter, who once faced joe louis in the ring, delivers an academy award-winning portrayal of disgraced ira soldier gypo nolan on the worst night of his life.the plot is gracefully simple: in 1922 dublin, a starving and humiliated man who's been thrown out of the ira for being unable to kill an informant in cold blood, himself becomes an informant. for £20 he betrays a friend to "the tans" and for the rest of the night he drinks and gives away his blood money in rapidly alternating spasms of guilt, denial, self-pity, and a desperate desire to escape the consequences of his actions. it is the remarkable complexity given to the character of the seemingly simple gypo that is the film's most impressive achievement. in most movies a burly lout of gypo's type would be cast as the heavy, he'd have at best two or three lines and be disposed of quickly so the hero and the villain could have their showdown. in 'the informer' gypo himself is both hero and villain, while the showdown is in his inner turmoil, every bit of which is explicitly shared with the audience.because liam o'flaherty's novel had previously been filmed in 1929, rko gave ford a very modest budget. the director and his associates, particularly cinematographer joseph h. august, turned this to their advantage in creating a claustrophobic masterpiece about a man at war with himself. in addition to mclaglen's oscar 'the informer' also won john ford his first along with wins for best screenplay and best score.

today if someone mentions the name victor mclaglen the response most likely will be "who?" or perhaps "why?" well, believe it or not, victor mclaglen won the academy award for best actor in this film, which is about a poor, desperate man who is willing to sell out his best friend for "carfare" to the united states. it's an interesting movie which shows how low even the most well-meaning shnooks will go just for a few bucks. the movie takes place in british-dominated ireland and while all the other characters are either directly or indirectly fighting for the political independence of ireland, all mr. mclaglen's character is concerned about is getting money and getting drunk. the movie makes one wonder whether political activism is worth all the trouble because while the activist is struggling to make a point, many others not only do not care, they don't even know what the fuss is all about. the morale of this movie is: look out for the friend, he may sell you out for a dime.

to watch this film from start to finish without bursting into laughter at some point requires almost an act of faith, as one has to keep saying to oneself, "it's old", "it's a classic", "be kind", not because the movie is so bad, but because at its best it's so good. this is one dated movie. it's also a classic, if a tarnished one. i'm not inclined to laugh at people anyway, on principle, and i get more than a little irritated when others do so. to make fun of the informer to my mind is a little like giggling at an idiot savant when he dribbles his orange juice all over the tablecloth. yes, one says to oneself, he is an idiot, and yet when he's on top of his game he is also a true savant. the same is true for the informer, which is on occasion very dreadful indeed, and yet it boasts splendid photography, some fine acting, a wonderful score and a good, decent simple story. in the end, which i won't give away, politics, religion and psychology come together, in a church, in such a way as to make the scene seem corny and over the top, and yet so is life sometimes. uneducated people of simple faith behave differently from us (presumably brilliant) modern folks, and the scene isn't so much unbelievable (i buy it, but i know the irish) as embarrassing. yet people do behave that way, they do say things like that. not everyone is hip, and it may not even be desirable for everyone to be hip. are people today so much superior to those of seventy or eighty years ago? and in what way? i don't think so. we're just different. now go watch the movie.

victor mclaglen, the title character of john ford's the informer, reminded me of the circus man from fellini's la strada. anthony quinn played the brutish man, who may have even been influenced by the pug-faced, oscar-winning performance given by mclaglen. poverty-stricken dublin is the true-life, atmospheric setting of the picture, which takes place in 1922. dense fog and a long damp night are the main elements of a story about deep irish patriotism and the fight of the irish republican army. the conflict of individuality and the cause is what makes the informer tick. mclaglen's large, simple character just wants to go to america and we're reminded by signs of the price for a ticket frequently. two different signs become the psychological centerpiece for the drunken irishman. one is the previous, the other a wanted sign. should he do it and get the money to go?john ford once famously said, "my name is ford. i make westerns." after seeing this film, he obviously could do a heck of a lot more. the serious social issues dealt with here are heartfelt and ones you will find yourself thinking about. and the look of the piece is amazing, consisting of long dark shadows cutting into a miserable ireland night. ford was always known for his luminescent, gorgeous cinematography that helped to foresee the conflicts within his characters. this is hard in color, but he did it in pictures like the searchers, painting john wayne in a sometimes vicious manner. victor mclaglen's performance not only benefits from the lighting, but by the sheer simplicity of his acting. he shoves a lot. he knocks people out. he is a brute who knows no better. he should, however, know whether or not to cross the ira.see the film to find out the gritty details. see it also for mclaglen and ford's patriotic portrayal of the ira. max steiner's score is innovative in how it matches gestures of the characters, placing more emphasis on them. this was usually only seen in silent films, especially chaplin. the topic of naming names or "informing" is obviously still important. just look at how the media covered this year's oscars, giving much attention to the elia kazan scandal.

i don't doubt that victor mclaglen won his best actor oscar for this film by dint of a three way split among the mutiny on the bounty leads of clark gable, charles laughton, and franchot tone who were all in the same race. but the informer is still a fine film because john ford wouldn't have gotten his first best director oscar if it wasn't. no split involved in his award.the movie and the story by liam o'flaherty that it is based on involves a poor simpleton of a man named gypo nolan who was once a member of the irish republican army. he was cashiered out of it for some imbecilic stunt he pulled and wants back in. he's down to his last pence and if he can't get back in, wants enough for passage to america. there's a twenty pound reward for information leading to the arrest of a former comrade named frankie mcphillip played by wallace ford. in a moment of weakness he goes to the black and tan constabulary and informs on mcphillip.the ira is pretty anxious to find out who ratted mcphillip out and they're pretty certain it was mclaglen. he hasn't the wit to really cover his own tracks. he does make a feeble effort to implicate another man named peter mulligan played by donald meek. he also picks up a hanger-on played by j.m. kerrigan.the whole action of the informer takes place in 1922 in dublin from about six in the evening to early the following morning. of a necessity it is shot in darkness and shadows, making it possibly the first noir thriller. had it been done post world war ii the informer would have ranked as a great noir classic, like odd man out or the the third man which it bares a lot of resemblance to.john ford knew this world very well. he took some time off during the rebellion and was in ireland at the time and had a brother who was in the ira. his real name before having it anglicized was sean o'fiernan.preston foster plays the ira commandant dan gallagher. in the book gallagher is a harder and meaner man than foster has him here. my guess is that john ford wanted him as a sympathetic character to give movie fans some rooting interest. he makes it clear that foster has to eliminate the informer because the black and tans will grab him and get quite a bit more out of him and put the whole organization in peril.the ira trial scene is the highlight of the film. when foster asks donald meek whether he recognizes the authority of their court, meek ain't in a position to say no. the king's justice and writ does not run here. it graphically illustrates at that point despite occupation by army troops and constabulary, the british are indeed losing their grip on the population.of course the informer a rather grim story has its john ford touches, but rather fewer than you would expect. even as mclaglen is spending his money on a drunken spree, the ira is constantly in the shadows watching him and counting every farthing.the informer is a tale well told about ireland in a grim and dismal time.

this film deals with the irish rebellion in the 1920s and more specifically one man's life after he informs on a friend for the bounty on his head and the subsequent consequences. watching the film, i got the feeling that you could take the script and with just some minor updates, do it again and it, sadly, would still fit contemporary events. but te remake wouldn't be nearly as good. a magnificent performance by victor mclaglen (for which he deservedly got an oscar) and a fine ensemble cast that includes most, if not all the actors with brogues in hollywood at the time, most of them recognizable character actors either established at the time or just starting out. a very good film well worth watching. highly recommended.

magnificent and unforgettable, stunningly atmospheric, and brilliantly acted by all.i really cannot understand what sort of people are panning this masterpiece and giving the preponderance of votes as 8 (and nine ones!)this, along with grapes of wrath, is john ford's greatest movie. i would say that long voyage home is next in line, though quite a way back.rating: 10. it deserves a 12.

a brilliant portrait of a traitor (victor mclaglen in oscar winning performance) who is hounded by his own conscience. mclaglen plays an ira rouge who betrays his leader to collect a reward during ireland's sinn fein rebellion. the scenes showing fights and mob actions are very realistic, focusing on the desperation within individuals. the lack of hope for a better future seems to be a fate worse than death.director john ford superbly creates an murky and tense atmosphere, enhanced by the foggy and grimy depiction of the irish landscape. max steiner's dramatic music score adds to the cinematic delight. oscar winner also for best screenplay, nominated for best picture. this is one of hollywood's classic.

gypo nolan (victor mclaglen) is as poor as anyone on earth. living in 1920s ireland, gypo and his fellow irishmen are part of an underground rebellion against the oppressive brits. one particular rebel, wanted for murder by the english, arrives back into town secretly. he thinks he can trust his friend gypo, but the £20 reward proves too tempting. gypo gets his friend killed and sinks into a pit of despair and drunkenness. meanwhile, the other irish rebels are searching for the informer. right away, gypo, with money burning a hole in his pocket, is their main suspect, but they, who are his friends, don't want to believe it. the story of the informer is simple in its plot, but complex in its moral and emotional issues. it's easily one of john ford's most emotionally involving films. what gypo did was wrong, but we can certainly understand his motives. we also understand his sorry character, and there's a lot of sympathy that arises for him. the script is very suspenseful, as well. it's the kind of suspense where we are pretty sure we know how everything will end up, so we have to grit our teeth and bear along with it. the acting is remarkable. victor mclaglen, who acted in many of ford's films, probably gave his best performance here (and won an oscar for it). every other performer in the film deserves his or her kudos. in addition to an amazing script and acting, the informer is one of john ford's most expressionistic films. i love the darker side of ford. in its mood, as well as in its themes, the informer reminds me of two of my other favorite ford films, the long voyage home (1940) and the fugitive (1948); it's also a bit similar to the grapes of wrath (1940) in these respects. 10/10.

i have decided to not believe what famous movie critics say. even though this movie did not get the best comments, this movie made my day. it got me thinking. what a false world this is.what do you do when your most loved ones deceive you. it's said that no matter how often you feed milk to a snake, it can never be loyal and will bite when given a chance. same way some people are such that they are never grateful. this movie is about how selfish people can be and how everyone is ultimately just thinking about oneself and working for oneself. a brother dies inadvertently at the hands of a gangster. the surviving brother decides to take revenge. through this process, we learn about the futility of this world. nothing is real and no one is loyal to anyone.amitabh gave the performance of his life. the new actor aryan gave a good performance. the actress who played the wife of amitabh stole the show. her role was small but she portrayed her role so diligently that one is moved by her performance. chawla had really great face expressions but her role was very limited and was not given a chance to fully express herself.a great movie by raj kumar santoshi. his movies always give some message to the audience. his movies are like novels of nanak singh (a punjabi novelist who's novels always had a purpose and targeted a social evil) because they have a real message for the audience. they are entertaining as well as lesson-giving.

family is about two families who are after each other's blood.viren sahay (amitabh bachchan) is an underworld don, operates from bangkok. he has a family in india. once by mistake he kills shekhar (akshay kumar). like viren sahay, he also has a family (a brother, wife and parents). aryan (aryaman), shekhar's brother is out to take revenge of his brother's death. he kidnaps viren sahay's family for the same reason.the film has got one turning point (amitabh bachchan). second half of the movie belongs to him completely where instead of his dialogs, expression matters more. akshay's minuscule role has also put him at par with amitabh. i didn't understand what bhumika chawala was doing in this movie.there were a few loose points in the script; like; amitabh has been shown as the most wanted criminal of the city still he walks scot-free in the city. kidnapping of his family is also seemed vague. how can the family of such a big don doesn't have any security cover?

a movie made for contemporary audience. the masses get to see what they want to see. action, comedy, drama and of course sensuous scenes as well. this is not exactly a movie that one would feel comfortable watching with entire family. it isn't for eyes of children. i had to fast forward quite a number of scenes.if it is just entertainment you are looking for, then this movie has it all. the songs are catchy. a lavish production, i must add.however, the message of the movie is not universal. it emphasizes on the idea of karma. that is, if you do good, you will get good. and if you do evil, you will get evil. the fruit of good deeds is good, while the fruit of evil is evil. in real life, this is not always true. it is well-known that most people do not get justice in this world. while it is true that some evil people do meet with an evil end, there are many who escape. and then, there are many people who do good, and yet in return they meet with a sorry end.if you don't care about the message, and all you want is an escape from worldly reality, this movie is an entertainer alright.

even though this was a disaster in the box office, it is my favorite film. it gives a powerful message of family. it has a lot of violence and has one song with a bunch of girls in bikinis. compared to other bollywood films, the action scenes in this movie are more realistic. it is an incredible combination of akshay kumar and amitabh bachchan. if you want to see the indian godfather, amitabh portrays that in this film. don't read reviews by critic, they're just ignorant. this movie has good mix of comedy, romance, drama, and especially action. so if you want to see action more realistic than main hoon na(still good movie), this is the movie.

not many reviews, hence thought i would add one.do not go by the other reviews! this was a excellent movie.rks is one of the very few indian directors that can actually put together a really good movie.ab and akshay given yet another example of great acting, as does bhoomika too, which was a little unexpected, but great to watch.am surprised there has not been much hype around release.or filmfare/other awards nominations, considering how good the movie was.better then khakee i thought and i thought khakkee too was good movie.is a fairly long movie, but definitely worth it and while watching it, definitely does seem long.cant wait for rks next movie and the next ab, akshay movie they always seem to do well together... e.g. waqt.bhoomika too has acted really well in the movie and should do really well if she continue in the same fashion in the future.

well, i get used after awhile to read comments about these movies that don't reflect my experience at all. to me, amitabh was a better villain here than in some of his most famous movies. he was a die-hard villain, a no-apologies villain. to me it was a breath of fresh air to see him in a role where his villainy isn't sort of undercut in some way.the kid who played aryan was probably over his head with this cast. there i think maybe the director could have done better. but, to be honest, the very best part of this movie was shernaz patel. she is an unsung heroine, a true veteran thespian who is overqualified for every role she is offered. but i must say i appreciated her contribution greatly as she played virendra sahi's wife. she may be given little to do, but she does everything with total conviction. i'm sure she sailed right over the heads of most of the audience.so if you are in a habit for settling for bollywood average, you won't get much out of this movie. but if you constantly search for something more, then this might give you some of what you've been missing.

main theme in this dirty harry is that revenge is a dish best served cold. sandra locke is as cold in this film as she is beautiful. locke is an "8" normally, but, with a deadly pistol in her purse, "cocked" for the bad guys, she climbs all the way up the scale to a "10". having been gang-raped, along with her younger sister, some years ago, locke, as jennifer spencer, has tried to block out the attack from her life, as best she can. her sister, tho, is almost comatose as a result of the trauma, so the memory is never far from her mind. one day, jennifer sees one of her attackers on the street in s.f.; she buys a pistol, follows him to a bar, lets him pick her up, then when they're alone in his cadillac, beginning to make love, she shoots him....once in the genitals, once in the brain - - this in the opening scene!! ya gotta love this spunky lady. she's got her priorities straight. plus, jennifer is a professional artist, putting all her anger on canvas until now. after executing her first perp, jennifer curiously watches det. insp. harry callahan process the fresh crime scene after the body is found in the caddy. then, she insults some creepy teenage bucks who are hassling women on the street, visits her sister in a nursing home, then goes a'hunting in san paolo, ca "up the coast" where the rape event took place years ago. with more bullets in her suitcase and more resolve in her mind, our heroine relives the rape inside her head with vivid recall, as she comes closer to executing each subsequent rapist. not uncommon to us right- wingers, when it comes to sentencing or executing a violent criminal, don't be sorrowful for his own wretched humanity, we remember the crime and the suffering he inflicted. such recalled events steels jennifer to pull the trigger on each of her attackers - once in the genitals, once in the brain. throughout the movie, scenes of jennifer's revenge are interspersed with good, il' dirty harry blowing away some gangstas in a coffee shop, remember "go ahead. make my day."? later on, he threatens to step on a punk kid (who'd just insulted callahan) in a courthouse elevator like he'd step on dog- s**t....leaving a young female govt employee staring after clint as if to say "i want to have your baby." my favorite scene is only about 30 minutes into the action, when harry threatens and frightens a murderous mafia boss named threlkis into a fatal coronary during his granddaughter's wedding reception at the mark hopkins hotel. michael grazzo (pantangeli in godfather ii) does a wonderful job as the sinful mafia don, even if he's only in one scene, dying in a most-convincing manner. however, harry's troubles aren't over with yet! the elevator punk's gang and threlkis' henchmen each attempt to assassinate harry in two close-ordered scenes, and most of them bad guys end up dying horribly. yup, some of the gun-play comes off as uninspired screen violence....looking like clint the director may have been tired that day of shooting this movie. but, there's only so many ways you can dispatch a man with bullets. the punk kids die much more creatively, though, as they both burn to death and drown in s.f. bay. warms my heart. with so much violent intent directed at insp. callahan, his bosses send him to san paolo to try to get some background on the "22 caliber vasectomy killing" as jennifer spencer's crime is now known, but not before harry delivers one of his famous sermons-to-the- chowder-headed-liberals. love that harry. while our hero' up annoying the local cops and citizens in san paolo, two more murders happen, same m.o., on a sleazy, lazy fisherman and on an equally-creepy hardware entrepreneur. then harry meets jennifer! they find they both agree on subjects such as law and order, making the guilty pay, etc. could a hot, love scene be in the offing soon? we're led to believe just that. characters abound in this real-man meets real-woman crime drama, and we get to meet a brassy bull-dyke named raye parkins who's both irritating and entertaining. raye set up jennifer's rape for her "boyfriend" years before, and she'll get hers eventually. the san paolo police chief, played by reliable eastwood co-star pat hingle (the hanging judge in 'hang em high'), is strangely at odds with callahan's detective work related to the 22-cal vasectomies, until we find out that his own adolescent son was one of the gang of rapists. much like jennifer's sister, chief janning's son is now a comatose adult, but driven mad by guilt. it can't end here, though. the dyke's rapist boyfriend, mick, now a kinky-sex jerk of a criminal, drives in from vegas becuz raye's dropped a dime on jennifer, summoning him up to san paolo to prevent more executions. mick sleeps at raye's house, but his timing is all wrong, and he's arrested before he can spend more time with raye, mostly due to the fact that she's since been sent to the island of the eternal lesboes by a shot from jennifer's revolver. psycho mick makes bail at long last, with jennifer gunning for him. a desperate chase ensues, as harry tries to keep these two from killing each other. it all turns out well in the end, with the good gal and the good guy walking off into the sunset together to a beautiful roberta flack blues song.

despite the other comments listed here, this is probably the best dirty harry movie made; a film that reflects -- for better or worse -- the country's socio-political feelings during the reagan glory years of the early '80's. it's also a kickass action movie.opening with a liberal, female judge overturning a murder case due to lack of tangible evidence and then going straight into the coffee shop encounter with several unfortunate hoodlums (the scene which prompts the famous, "go ahead, make my day" line), "sudden impact" is one non-stop roller coaster of an action film. the first time you get to catch your breath is when the troublesome inspector callahan is sent away to a nearby city to investigate the background of a murdered hood. it gets only better from there with an over-the-top group of grotesque thugs for callahan to deal with along with a sherriff with a mysterious past. superb direction and photography and a at-times hilarious script help make this film one of the best of the '80's.

sudden impact is the best of the five dirty harry movies. they don't come any leaner and meaner than this as harry romps through a series of violent clashes, with the bad guys getting their just desserts. which is just the way i like it. great story too and ably directed by clint himself. excellent entertainment.

i dont know why people think this is such a bad movie. its got a pretty good plot, some good action, and the change of location for harry does not hurt either. sure some of its offensive and gratuitous but this is not the only movie like that. eastwood is in good form as dirty harry, and i liked pat hingle in this movie as the small town cop. if you liked dirty harry, then you should see this one, its a lot better than the dead pool. 4/5

****excellent***good**fair*poor`go ahead, make my day!' the fourth picture in the series is directed by eastwood himself (who was rumored of directing most of magnum force) and he brings back the violent society from the first two films. however, the film still lacks impact and believability. this film was released in the early `80s, the time of regan and the young republicans. the premise of a raped woman taking vengeance on her rapist doesn't appeal to this time frame. this plot would have been better for the enforcer, which actually would have made it a good movie. what sudden impact needed was a plot like in wall street but with dirty harry in the middle. rating: 3 stars

dirty harry has to track down a rape victim who extracts revenge by shooting her assailants in the goolies before killing them. probably a more apt punishment would be to let them live after the initial shot and let them suffer forever like she and her sister has...anyway..... an action-packed story set again in san francisco and santa cruz. the chief rapist, played by andy drake is suitably vile and gets his punishment at the end (of course!). not a classic movie but better than the others except for the original dirty harry.

after what was considered to be the official dirty harry trilogy with the enforcer(1976) to be the final chapter in the series. dirty harry is back, older, more dirtier and grittier than ever since the original 1971 classic.dirty harry in the past has killed a psychopath killer, vigilante cops, and vietnam veteran terrorists. but now he's after a new killer, a killer who wants payback, by gunning down her attackers.sudden impact brings a new meaning and more darker tone to dirty harry. callahan is on a new murder case that is circling back to a woman(played by sondra locke), who was brutally raped, along with her sister, who is left traumitized. ten years after, she's out for revenge by gunning down her attackers. at the same though callahan is on a heat of trouble by his superiors after he provokes a mob boss to a heart attack, of which the mob are hunting him as well. so in order to let the heat die down within the city, harry is on order to take a vacation on a seaside town, but at the same time the raped victim is in town as well, while hunting her attackers one by one. harry is on the investigation and finds the killings very similar, as he homes in on the killer's trails.sudden impact in my opinion, has to be one of my top 10 revenge films, as well as being the second best dirty harry movie yet, far better than both the enforcer and the dead pool combined. sudden impact has what the original dirty harry had, a dark tone with entertaining value.so do you feel lucky, punk?

clint eastwood has definitely produced better movies than this, but this one does not embarrass him. dirty harry catches everyone's attention and unless one wants to watch romance, there is no reason why you won't like him. he is cool because he is dirty, is great because he kills without much thinking, is perfect because he gets the bullet right through your heart and a hero because he doesn't care.from what i have seen in movies in which eastwood acts, the character of the lead role always captivates the audience. in white hunter black heart, he is the crazy director, in "in the line of fire" he is the "old 'un" while here is the "almost" jobless with his job, that is to say he makes work for himself, doesn't care one damn about his superiors who practically send him out for a vacation.based on a rape victim, this movie is promising for all the "no non-sense" movie watchers. the movie has nothing that goes away from he central plot. however, what makes it slightly inferior to the better movies of eastwood is that though the character of the lead role is captivating the plot is not, as it is far too obvious from the beginning. it is not a movie that is going to make you sit at a place without moving. also, there are too many people far dirtier than dirty harry.

sudden impact tends to be treated as eastwood's artistic failure at a point in his career when he had established a good reputation as a director. the reason is actually not the film itself but the attitude it takes towards vigilantism which it seems to support. in some places it actually owes more to death wish than the original dirty harry film. one might argue if that is so- at the end of the day it's a film about guilt, justice and retribution. for me, at the end of the day it's more empathy than sympathy. however, in view of all these arguments it is easily overlooked that sudden impact is an awfully well made film. forget the "go ahead punk, make my day scene", that's iconic but not original. but look at the views of san fransisco taken from the air, zooming in on the city. the first 15 or 20 minutes are quite spectacular. or have a look at the brilliantly made scene where sondra locke's character visits her mentally ill sister in hospital. eastwood makes great use of the juxtaposition of faces. so all in all sudden impact is a very visual film that really shows how mature eastwood is as a director. and if i remember correctly it was actually the first time eastwood put that on screen albeit in an action film of debatable ideology. also, i think this is the first well paced film eastwood directed. although eastwood has enormous talent as a director, dramaturgy has always been his weak point (see play misty for me, breezy etc.) thepace of the narrative leads to the visual elements being well integrated into the film and not distracting from the story. the only thing that is really annoying is the farting dog.

this was without a doubt the best of the "dirty harry" series. from the opening credits, you're swept up in a revenge tale that hits hard and is profoundly engrossing. sondra locke is perfect in the role of a traumatized woman out for revenge. eastwood has many "aside" sequences that have nothing to do with the plot, but show harry at his bad-assed best. loaded with unforgettable characters in minor roles, this film rocks and should serve as the standard for detective/action flicks. this is the one dirty harry flick that's raw and devoid of any "fluff". i can watch this again and again (okay, not in one sitting) because it's a gratifying "out for revenge" yarn. the pace is quick and several of the scenes are unforgettable. "go ahead - make my day...you feel lucky, punk? ...." classic eastwood as only eastwood, with his anguished, rubbery expressions, and whispery, menacing voice can do it.

when this film was originally released it was promoted with the notably unimaginative tagline "dirty harry is at it again". whatever this pitch lacks in originality is more than compensated for by it's complete and total accuracy. "sudden impact" retains all the aspects that made the previous three dirty harry movies so successful- tight pacing, a compelling plot, strong supporting characters, endless gunplay, and bone-dry humor. some of these elements are not only retained but amplified- this is easily the darkest, bloodiest, and most overtly right-wing installment of the franchise.the plot is somewhat intriguing: after killing a ridiculous number of hoodlums, inspector callahan is sent on a forced "vacation" by his superiors to the sleepy coastal town of san paolo. he is tasked to investigate the background of a recent homicide victim who was shot in the genitals before being put out of his (no doubt considerable) misery by a second shot to the head. early on in the film, the audience is made aware of the identity of the killer- an artist named jennifer spencer (sondra locke) who is hunting down the thugs who gang-raped her and her sister at a fun fair some ten years earlier. this incident is shown in a very disturbing flashback, snippets of which recur before each new murder. as more bodies start to appear with the same m.o, it becomes clear to harry that both the local police chief and his new love interest (guess who?) know more than they are telling. to make matters even more complicated, the one-time rapists realize who is hunting them and start to hit back hard."sudden impact" offers relentless action from beginning to end. clint eastwood directed this film himself and expertly handles a series of set pieces that culminate in an exhilarating climax. sondra locke's performance effectively conveys the blend of ruthlessness and fragility that define her character. that having been said, it is fair to wonder if another actress (who was not eastwood's off-screen companion at the time) could have brought more charisma and dramatic weight to the role- theresa russell and cybill shepherd jump to mind as possible candidates. members of the supporting cast that punch significantly above their weight include albert popwell as harry's partner horace, paul drake as the psychopathic mick, and the truly scene-stealing audrie j. neenan who portrays the vicious ray parkins. however the film has some notable problems- some of the subplots (the animosity between harry and a gang of twentysomething hoodlums, a mob vendetta against him) take up too much screen time and don't really have any bearing to the larger story. their only real use is to raise the body-count to absurd levels. in the first half of the film it sometimes appears that dirty harry shoots people more often than he has to use the restroom. however the film moves into top gear as it progresses and the triangulated cat-and-mouse game between callahan, spencer, and her former tormentors assumes prominence. this second hour makes it clear that a more stripped-down and slightly refocused screenplay would have given "sudden impact" the potential to be a first-class, neo noir-style thriller that could have taken the series to new levels but still have contained more than enough .44 magnum heroics to satisfy the harry loyalists. instead we get the film that eastwood and warner bros. clearly wanted to make- a superbly executed but prototypical eighties action flick that mostly declines to particularly challenge the intelligence of it's intended audience. this was by far the biggest grossing of the series at the box-office and it is not hard to see why. though not the film that it could have been, this is still big, trigger-happy fun. even after repeated viewings, it's going to make your day.

sudden impact was overall better than the enforcer in my opinion. it was building up to be a great movie, but then i saw the villain(s) and was disappointed.sudden impact was different than the previous installments. the plot went a different direction in this movie, as dirty harry doesn't take as much of a police approach this time around. we also don't see the villain(s) until later, which means less screen time for them, which is better for us all.clint eastwood once again steals the show as dirty harry, enough said. pat hingle was enjoyable as chief jannings, harry's new assigned boss. bradford dillman seemed to change his name to captain briggs here, either way, he wasn't any different. michael currie is decent as lt. donnelly, harry's annoying superior. i personally enjoyed kevyn major howard as hawkins, the young punk who has a vendetta against harry. albert popwell was excellent as horace, harry's buddy. audrie j. neenan was good as ray parkins, a famous lesbian around town. jack thibeau was well cast as kruger, a pervert. now for the really bad part. sandra locke, eastwood's long-time lover was horribly miscast as jennifer spencer, harry's love interest. and paul drake was just horrible as mick.the movie would have been so much better if not for better writing and acting on some parts.8/10.

in don siegel's 1971 masterpiece "dirty harry", clint eastwood epitomized the super-tough, super-cool unorthodox, no-nonsense cinema-cop with his role of the eponymous inspector 'dirty' harry callahan. two sequels followed, the first of which, "magnum force", tamed down on the delightfully politically incorrect attitude of the first one that had outraged many critics but enthused audiences. the second sequel, "the enforcer" was grittier again, and was promoted as "the dirtiest harry of them all". this title, however, truly belongs to the fourth film in the series, clint eastwood's own "sudden impact", which is doubtlessly the grittiest, nastiest, most violent and downright dirtiest of all harry films, and, in my humble opinion, the second-best after the masterpiece original.***warning! spoilers ahead!*** in a small town near san francisco, a mysterious sexy lady (sondra locke) lures men into being alone with her. what these men don't know is that mysterious beauty is their former rape victim, longing for bloody revenge. as fate wants it, san francisco's toughest cop, inspector dirty harry callahan, who has been suspended once again for angering his superiors, spends his leisure time in this exact little town... "sudden impact" is the dirtiest callahan film in several aspects. the film is extremely gritty and graphically violent. harry callahan himself is dirtier than ever. not afraid to make use of his 44. magnum in order to stop trouble, harry treats 'punks' as they are to be treated and even allows a person to get away with several murders because the revenge-murders are justified in his opinion. clint eastwood is, as always, brilliant in the role of harry callahan. eastwood epitomized coolness and bad-assery as the "man with no name" in sergio leone's dollar trilogy, and he did so again in the dirty harry films. "sudden impact" gives us the dirtiest harry we have ever seen. eastwood's real-life girlfriend sondra locke fits very well in the role of the vengeful beauty. the great pat hingle, who had already worked with eastwood in ted post's tough-minded western "hang 'em high" in 1986 plays the police chief of the small town. the film furthermore includes a wide range of truly despicable scumbag characters, including a pathetic criminal played by kevin major howard (best known for his role in stanley kubrick's "full metal jacket") and a woman named ray perkins (audrie j. neenan), doubtlessly one of the most disgusting and despicable female characters ever in cinema. albert popwell, who played the bank robber in the famous "do you feel lucky?" scene in "dirty harry" and the black militant leader in "the enforcer" is also part of this one again, this time as harry's colleague and buddy. overall "sudden impact" is the grittiest, dirtiest and probably the most violent of all "dirty harry" films, (though "the dead pool" isn't exactly tame either), and my second-favorite after the brilliant 1971 original. an absolute must-see for callahan fans, and highly recommended to all lovers of police thrillers and cinematic bad-assery. my rating: 8.5/10

clint eastwood returns as dirty harry calahan in the 4th movie of the dirty harry series. clint is older but he's still got it, harry was told to have a vacation after some trouble that happened because of a robbery (where the memorable "make my day" catchphrase comes from!) but the city he took a vacation was worse, a woman turned vigilante after a rape attack in a funfair and starts getting the punks one by one. the last movie to see sandra locke in a clint eastwood movie! an improvement after the enforcer which was a bit more of a comedy and less serious. clint eastwood's sunglasses were gargoyles which are best known for the sunglasses that are worn by arnold shwartzeneger in the terminator. worth a watch if you like clint eastwood, the dirty harry films or like action crime thrillers.

sudden impact is a two pronged story. harry is targeted by the mob who want to kill him and harry is very glad to return the favour and show them how it's done. this little war puts harry on suspension which he doesn't care about but he goes away on a little vacation. now the second part of the story. someone is killing some punks and harry gets dragged into this situation where he meets jennifer spencer a woman with a secret that the little tourist town wants to keep quiet. the police chief is not a subtle man and he warns harry to not get involved or cause any trouble. this is harry callahan trouble follows him. the mob tracks him to this town and hell opens up as harry goes to war. meanwhile the vigilante strikes again and the gang having figured it out is ready for her. jennifer spencer is caught and harry comes to her rescue during the film's climax. sudden impact is not the greatest dirty harry but at the time it gives us a harry that is very much an anti hero ready to go to war just to pursue justice. again not the best not the worst but the one with the most remembered line. go ahead make your day.

i liked nearly all the movies in the dirty harry series with the exception of the one i think is titled "enforcer". "deadpool" was a bit weak in areas too, but i still enjoyed it. this one is one of my favorites of the series, if nothing else for the great line of "go ahead, make my day". this one also features an interesting albeit familiar plot of someone killing those that have done her wrong. just think "magnum force" with less mystery about who is behind the killings and you have your plot. granted there is a bit more than that as this one does feature a very nice final showdown at an amusement park. it also features dirty harry getting a bulldog as a gift and it tripping up sandra locke in a rather humorous scene. the only question that remains is why clint eastwood had to have the rather mediocre actress sandra locke in so many of his movies. she brings the score down a point every time even when overall the movie is enjoyable to me. granted she is not to bad here, but her character could have been so much better by someone else. another problem with this movie and other dirty harry movies, at times they almost seem to be advertisements for guns. i like guns as much as the next person, but do we really need scenes of him explaining all the different strengths of his newest weapon and how many bullets it holds? still, very nice entry into the dirty harry series of movies.

clint eastwood would star again as the battle-weary detective harry callahan, but would also direct the fourth entry in the 'dirty harry' series. 'sudden impact' again like the other additions, brings its own distinguishable style and tone, but if anything it's probably the most similar to the original in it's darker and seedy moments (and bestowing a classic line "go ahead. make my day")… but some of its humor has to been seen to believe. a bulldog… named meathead that pisses and farts. oh yeah. however an interesting fact this entry was only one in series to not have it set entirely in san francisco.the story follows that of detective callahan trying to put the pieces together of a murder where the victim was shot in the groin and then between the eyes. after getting in some trouble with office superiors and causing a stir which has some crime lord thugs after his blood. he's ordered to take leave, but it falls into a working one where he heads to a coastal town san paulo, where a murder has occurred similar in vein (bullet to groin and between eyes) to his case. there he begins to dig up dirt, which leads to the idea of someone looking for revenge.to be honest, i wasn't all that crash hot on eastwood's take, but after many repeat viewings it virtually has grown on me to the point of probably being on par with the first sequel 'magnum force'. this well-assembled plot actually gives eastwood another angle to work upon (even though it feels more like a sophisticated take on the vigilante features running rampant at that time), quite literal with something punishing but luridly damaging. it's like he's experimenting with noir-thriller touches with character-driven traits to help develop the emotionally bubbling and eventual morality framework. his use of images is lasting, due to its slickly foreboding atmospherics. dark tones, brooding lighting… like the scene towards the end akin to some western showdown of a silhouette figure (harry with his new .44 automag handgun) moving its way towards the stunned prey on the fishing docks. it's a striking sight that builds fear! mixing the hauntingly cold with plain brutality and dash of humor. it seemed to come off. a major plus with these films are the dialogues, while i wouldn't call 'sudden impact' first-rate, it provides ample biting exchanges and memorably creditable lines… "you're a legend in your own mind". don't you just love hearing harry sparking an amusing quip, before pulling out his piece. the beating action when it occurs is excitingly jarring and intense… the only way to go and the pacing flies by with little in the way of flat passages. lalo schfrin would return as composer (after 'the enforcer" had jerry fielding scoring) bringing a methodical funky kick, which still breathed those gloomy cues to a texturally breezy score that clicked from the get-go. bruce surtees (an eastwood regular) gets the job behind the camera (where he did a piecing job with 'dirty harry') and gives the film plenty of scope by wonderfully framing the backdrops in some impeccable tracking scenes, but also instrument edgy angles within those dramatic moments.eastwood as the dinosaur callahan still packs a punch, going beyond just that steely glare to get the job done and probably showing a little more heart than one would expect from a younger callahan. this going by the sudden shift in a plot turn of harry's quest for justice… by the badge even though he doesn't always agree with it. i just found it odd… a real change of heart. across from him is a stupendous performance by his beau at the time sondra locke. her turn of traumatic torment (being senselessly raped along with her younger sister), is hidden by a glassily quiet intensity. when the anger is released, it's tactically accurate in its outcome. paul drake is perfectly menacing and filthy as one of the targeted thugs and audrie j. neenan nails down a repellently scummy and big-mouthed performance. these people are truly an ugly bunch of saps. pat hingle is sturdy as the chief of the small coastal town. in smaller parts are bradford dillman and the agreeably potent albert popwell (a regular in the series 1-4, but under different characters). how can you forget him in 'dirty harry'… yes he is bank robber that's at the end of the trademark quote "do i feel lucky? well, do ya, punk?"

clint eastwood reprises his role as dirty harry who this time is on the case of a vigilante (sondra locke)who is killing the people that raped her and her sister at a carnival many years ago. eastwood makes the role his and the movie is mainly more action then talk, not that i'm complaining. sudden impact is indeed enjoyable entertainment.

having never seen the original dirty harry, i judged this movie on a clean slate. and i must say, i quite enjoyed it. sure, some of the acting by sondre locke made me a little squeemish - but hey, it was the 80's. but even if you can't get past her (and i almost couldn't) or her revenge killings (which seemed a little.. overdone ;p), it's worth it just for dirty harry. or at the very least, the bull dog he affectionately names 'meathead' :p7/10.

director/star clint eastwood's "sudden impact" is an intriguing addition to the "dirty harry" series - a combination of crude film-making and genius. it's mediocre and silly in parts, brilliant and classic in others, with compelling, gripping pacing. there are numerous echoes of the first film here - the shoot 'em up "make my day" scene recalls the "do you feel lucky" one, one of the villains is as viscerally repugnant as the first film's scorpio, an actor who played a minor baddie in the first one returns here as harry's partner - just to name a few.harry callahan is still at odds with the higher-ups in the department, still mean, still tough, but now he's older and wearier. his constant conflicts with his superiors are a metaphor for his inner conflict - a respect and reverence for the law versus a desire to serve the pure spirit of justice, the two things not always being compatible. this "incompatibility" is the underlying theme of the series. the first film posed a simple question, "what about the victim's rights?" - (do they outweigh those of the criminal? vice versa? depends?). that film's answer was controversial, prompting a sequel (the highly enjoyable "magnum force") which set out to draw the line between harry's brand of justice and pure, heartless vigilantism. dirty harry, like many of clint's other roles, is the personification of vengeance, the protector of the the defenseless. this movie however brings it back to the victim, in this case jennifer (portrayed by sondra locke), who decides to avenge the rape of herself and her now-incapacitated sister by ruthlessly hunting down and ritualistically executing the men (and one woman) who committed the crime.without going into a play-by-play of the whole movie, i will say this - i mentioned earlier that "sudden impact" echoes the first film - it actually also sprinkles in little references and in-jokes from the whole series (the confusion concerning the captain's last name is an example - an intentional prank, i believe). the relationship between callahan and jennifer is neat - has our rogue cop hero found a soul-mate in this lady vigilante? and is she a vigilante or a victim justifiably standing up for her and her sister's tarnished rights? the exchange between these two at the very end of the film is a poetic denouement of the series, one which i personally (as a fan) found quite moving. that last scene alone makes sudden impact the legitimate climax to the "dirty harry" collection, the perfect answer to the conflict posed in the first film. (not to knock "the dead pool" - that excellent movie was a relatively light-hearted suspenseful yet comic thriller featuring harry callahan, rather than a character-defining film like this one).this movie did well in the theaters - audiences in the reagan era found harry and his ilk quite appealing, and the president himself frequently quoted "go ahead, make my day."

anyone witness to our justice system - or lack thereof will find this film truly satisfying. there weren't too many shades of gray with regard to characters or plot. virtually every character in this film epitomized what is best and worst about our society. the popularity of this film is probably due to the fact that most of us at one time or another have had to deal with scumbags along with the namby-pamby, lily-livered, melee-mouthed bureaucrats that empower them in the name of "political correctness". the performances across the board were compelling. i sympathized with the rape victim - while at the same, found it gratifying to see her wipe the smug, vicious arrogance off the faces of her former attackers. in particular, i found the dyke one of the ugliest characters in all of the films i've seen, so it was nice to see her former victim shut her mouth for good. the lead rapist and psychopath was equally ugly, so it was only fitting that dirty harry himself offed him in a loud grotesque fashion in the end. this was the only sequel in the dirty harry saga that equaled the first.

inspector "dirty" harry callahan once again angers his superiors with his maverick approach to police work. refusing to take a vacation he is given a simple case which takes him outside of san francisco. however, he soon discovers a link between a recent murder in the city and a murder outside of the city, which leads him to the trail of a revenge killer.as an entry in the dirty harry franchise the film starts with some very promising moments, including the legendary "go ahead, make my day" line that eastwood delivers wonderfully through clenched teeth before single handedly foiling a robbery. very badass and it just what fans can expect from him. however, the film soon shifts gears and focuses on the mysterious revenge killer. the problem is that this killer isn't all that mysterious as she is characterized as much as harry is. this really detracts from the presence of the main character who ruled all of his previous film appearances with, pardon the pun, magnum force.on the bright side this new storyline does draw several parallels to harry's own unorthodox methods and gives his character dramatic depth that was not there before, but fans that were looking for another badass harry outing will more than likely be somewhat disappointed. however, a tense climax ends the film on an exciting note so if you don't mind something a little different, it is a good movie for fans. --- 7/10rated r for violence and a rape scene

it's a strange thing to see a film where some scenes work rather weakly (if only in comparison to other films in its legacy), and others in a 'sub-plot' or supporting story are surprisingly provocative and strong. sudden impact is one of those cases, where clint eastwood as star/producer/director shows when he can be at his best, or at his lessor of times when dealing with a crime/mystery/detective story in his dirty harry fame. we get that 'make my day' line, and un-like in the first film where his 'do i feel lucky' speech was playful and cool the first time and the second time at the end tough as nails, here it's switched around. he gets into another shamble with the department, as usual, when he tries to fight crime 'his' way, in particular with a diner robbery (inspiration for pulp fiction?) and with a high speed pursuit with a senior citizen bus. he's told to 'take a vacation', and that's the last thing on his mind. this whole main plot isn't very convincing aside from the expectancy of the story and lines, which just adds to the frustration. but soon his story merges with the sub-plot that eastwood develops from the start.enter sandra locke's character, jennifer spencer, whom we soon learn after some (appropriately) mysterious scenes that she and her shy sister were victims of a cruel, unjust sexual assault (err, outright rape), and is sleekly, undercover-like, getting revenge. her scenes and story are the strongest parts of the film, the most intense, and finally when it goes into callahan's storyline (he's getting facts in the same small town she's in on a murder), the film finally finds a focus between eastwood's classic form of clearly defined good vs. evil (though sometimes blurred, to be sure). eastwood films the flashbacks, not to say too much about them, expertly, in a fresh, experimental style; the trademark lalo schifrin score is totally atmospheric in these scenes and in others. it almost seems like a couple of times an art-house sensibility has crept into eastwood's firmly straightforward storytelling style, which helps make the film watchable.it's a shame, though, that in the end it goes more for the expectable (or maybe not expectable) points, and until the third act callahan doesn't have much to do except his usual 'it's smith...wesson...and me' shtick. however, with locke he gets out of her a very good performance (more subtle and touching than the one in the gauntlet) and an exciting climax at an amusement park. in a way i do and don't agree with ebert's remark that it's like a 'music video' in eastwood's style here. i admit there is comparisons with the simplicity of both, the directness, but the scenes where eastwood does break form are superior to those of any music video. it's cheesy, it's hard-edged, it's not up to par with the first two 'harry' pictures, but hey, there could be worse ways to spend a couple hours with the master of the .44.

***spoilers*** ***spoilers*** after two so-so outings ("magnum force" and "the enforcer"), dirty harry seems to have regained his stride in "sudden impact," a gripping thriller that wisely plays to its strengths: the charisma of clint eastwood, who also directed, and a story that spends just enough time on exposition and reserves its energy for the big scenes.for once, the case takes harry outside his native san francisco (where he's again in trouble with his superiors for his "shoot first, ask questions later" tactics), to the hamlet of san paulo. there, (warning: potential spoiler) a group of lowlifes is being gruesomely murdered, one at a time, by a woman whom they gang-raped years earlier, and whose sister has been in a state of catatonia ever since the attack.the killer is portrayed by sondra locke, and she makes the character of jennifer spencer an interesting mix of compassion and cold-bloodedness. locke's cold eyes and frosty voice, when either trying to comfort her hospitalized sister or dispensing vengeance toward the rapists, are very effective in painting a portrait of a woman wronged whose years of suffering and rage are now beginning to bear deadly fruit.the rapists are a despicable lot, especially the leader, who has "psycho nutjob" practically stamped on his forehead, and a lesbian who seems almost one of the guys, despite her anatomical inability to participate. the flashback scenes, while not graphically explicit, are nightmarish enough, and clearly intended to make the audience cheer for jennifer as she kills her assailants.some will dismiss "sudden impact" as trash: a mindless, manipulative revenge tale. on a certain level this is true, but it's well-done trash. what works to the movie's advantage is the strength of the sondra locke performance, giving us a complex character whose wounds are more visible in her paintings than in her gestures or speech. what we have here is an action movie with a point of view.you can take or leave the idea that some wrongs deserve to be punished by any means necessary, but as the mystery behind the slayings becomes clear to harry (a realization that, wisely, is not spelled out with dialogue), he is presented with a choice -- what to do about a killer whose motivations he can sympathize with but whose conduct he is bound by law to not tolerate. this makes the story more interesting than the usual dirty harry fare.the movie's other redeeming quality is eastwood's direction. this is, after all, a dirty harry movie, and eastwood knows the character better than anyone else. the movie is directed with style and wit, and edited to give the action scenes a big payoff. some of the best "harry moments" in the entire series are here, including harry's best-known line, "go ahead -- make my day.""sudden impact" is a movie that has the courage of its convictions in presenting a tale about a despicable crime and the brutal consequences that follow. it is also a riveting detective story, well made and well told. and it is certainly never dull. on those criteria, it succeeds tremendously.

with this movie being the only dirty harry movie which clint eastwood not only stars, but produces and directs as well, you know it's got to be good. although some say that the enforcer is the best out of the series, i completely disagree. in my opinion, apart from the original dirty harry, sudden impact and magnum force are the only two worthy of being in the series. although the enforcer is an alright film with a couple of good action sequences, it doesn't get the dirty and gritty impact that the other three films do. this film captures all the excitement that makes a clint eastwood film good, and it's got the quotes that make a dirty harry film good. in diry harry it's "..well do ya, punk?"; in magnum force "a man's got to know his limitations" ; and in this it's "go ahead. make my day." also in this film it's nice to see a change of scenery, as you get a bit tired of seeing the same old san fransisco streets in the other films in the series. with great acting by clint eastwood and co-star sandra locke, and good directing by clint, this is in my opinion the best dirty harry sequel ever.

with harry callahan getting up in years, the inevitable `old man with a chip on his shoulder' story had to come into play eventually. callahan, looking fragile sometimes and out of place, his demeanor still was unwavering. thankfully, this film took some time off to develop a different type of story, one that might reinvent the dirty harry and the whole genre. while the film fell short in doing so, it was still an excellent addition to the series, even if it was getting a little out of place during a time of silly fashion trends and new wave music.

the dirty harry series began with very gritty cop action, and was almost immediately lightened up for "magnum force". by the time that "the enforcer" rolled around, dirty harry was little more than a television cop show (saved only by tyne daly). after a break of seven years, dirty harry has finally gone back to his roots. maybe he's been gone for too long this time.clint eastwood makes the first well-directed harry film since don siegel made the first, which helps considerably. harry is a darker character once again, not the nice cop he had become. he can once again say things like "go ahead, make my day" and really mean it. "sudden impact" is a true dirty harry sequel. "the enforcer" should never have been made.7.2 out of 10

the fourth in the "dirty harry" series, this film features one of the most despicable, ugliest, unlikable, profane, disgusting females i have ever seen on film: "ray perkins," played by audrie neenan. she is the modern nasty low-life version of the 1945 "detour" character, "ann savage."her foul mouth and gutter attitude turned me off so much i never watched this film again until i acquired a profanity filter which shut her up....and least some of her! then i could enjoy the rest of the movie.everywhere "harry callahan" (clint eastwood) goes, violence immediately follows.....within minutes! it happens so often it's almost laughable but it makes for a fast-moving, entertaining film with a satisfying ending as all the scumbag villains are eliminated one-by-one.this is a very sophomoric film that appeals to our base instincts.....and connects, sad to say. most of us like to see these dirtballs get it in the end, and who does it better than dirty harry?

sudden impact is the 4th of the dirty harry films and one of the best traits of these films is that they don't really degrade in quality from one film to the next. thus, sudden impact provides another thrill ride through the life of dirty harry callahan. this time harry attempts to solve a series of murders while on vacation. harry's always on the job it seems. clint eastwood plays harry as he plays all his men of action, slow, deliberate, and without fear. as the first of the dirty harry films to be made in the 80's, sudden impact lacks a bit of the 70's feel that characterizes the first three films. this doesn't mean that it's quality is any less. bottom line: brimming with intensity and action, sudden impact is another worthy addition to the dirty harry series.

the vigilante has long held a fascination for audiences, inasmuch as it evokes a sense of swift, sure justice; good triumphs over evil and the bad guy gets his deserts. it is, in fact, one of the things that has made the character of dirty harry callahan (as played by clint eastwood) so popular. he carries a badge and works within the law, but at heart, harry is a vigilante, meting out justice `his' way, which often puts him in conflict with his own superiors, as well as the criminals he's pursuing. but it's what draws the audience; anyone who's ever been bogged down in bureaucratic nonsense of one kind or another, delights in seeing someone cut through the red tape and get on with it-- even if it's only on the screen. and that satisfaction derived from seeing justice done-- and quickly-- is one of the elements that makes `sudden impact,' directed by and starring eastwood, so successful. in this one, the fourth of the series, while working a homicide, harry encounters a bona fide vigilante at work-- an individual whose brand of justice parallels his own, with one exception: whoever it is, he's definitely not carrying a badge.in his own inimitable way, inspector callahan has once again ended up on the bad side of the department and is ordered to take some vacation time. so he does; as only `dirty harry' can. in a small town north of san francisco, harry finds himself smack dab in the middle of a homicide case, which he quickly links to a recent murder in san francisco because of the unique m.o. employed by the perpetrator. unaccountably, harry encounters resistance from the local police chief, jannings (pat hingle), who advises him to take his big city tactics and methods elsewhere. not one to be deterred, however, harry continues his investigation, which ultimately involves a beautiful and talented young artist, jennifer spencer (sondra locke). gradually, harry discovers a link between the victims; the burning question, though, is where does jennifer spencer fit into the picture?eastwood is in top form here, both in front of and behind the camera, and it is arguably the second best of the five-film series, right behind the original `dirty harry.' it had been seven years since the last `harry' offering (`the enforcer,' 1976), but eastwood steps right back into the character with facility and renewed vigor. and this one definitely benefits from having him in the director's chair, as he is able to recapture the essence of, not only his own character, but that `spirit' that made these films so successful, and he does it by knowing the territory and establishing a continuity that all but erases that seven year gap between #s 3 and 4. as with all the films he directs, eastwood sets a deliberate pace that works perfectly for this material and creates just enough tension to keep it interesting and involving from beginning to end. the screenplay, by joseph stinson, is well written and formulated to that distinctive `dirty harry' style; the dialogue is snappy and the story itself (conceived by charles b. pierce and earl e. smith) is the most engaging since the original `dirty harry,' as it successfully endeavors to play upon the very personal aspects of the drama, rather than entirely upon the action. the characters are well drawn and convincing, and, of course, this is the film that gave us one of harry's best catch-phrases: `go, ahead-- make my day...'as harry, clint eastwood perfectly embodies all of the elements that make this character so popular: he lives by a personal moral code, a true individual made of the kind of stuff we envision as that of the pioneers who settled this country and made america what it is today. harry personifies that sense of freedom and justice we all strive for and hold so dear, possibly more so today than ever before. no matter who we are or where we come from, there's undeniably a part of us that wants to be harry, or at least have him around. `dirty harry' is an icon of the cinema, and it's impossible to envision anyone but eastwood portraying him; for better or worse, eastwood `is' dirty harry, without question, just as sean connery is james bond and basil rathbone, sherlock holmes.sondra locke is entirely effective here in the role of jennifer spencer, a young woman wronged and out for vengeance, or as she sees it, `justice.' she manages to bring a hard-edged determination laced with vulnerability to her character, with a convincing, introspective approach that is far beyond what is typical of the `action' genre. even amid the violence, locke keeps her focus on jennifer and the traumatic events that have brought her to this stage of her life. her portrayal makes a perfect complement to eastwood's harry, and becomes, in philosophy and deed, something of his counterpart.in supporting roles, two performances stand out: paul drake, as mick, creates the best `psycho' since andy robinson's dynamic portrayal of the serial killer in the original `dirty harry.' with actually very limited screen time, drake establishes a genuinely disconcerting presence that is believable and convincing, which adds much to the purely visceral response of the audience. this is the guy you can't wait to see harry take care of in the end. also effective is audrie j. neenan, who makes her character, ray parkins, the epitome of the proverbial `low life,' who can be found in any bar in any city. it's a performance that evokes a gut-level response, and it adds greatly to the credibility of the film, in that it helps provide that necessary sense of realism.the supporting cast includes albert popwell (horace), mark kevloun (bennett) and nancy parsons (mrs. kruger). with a perfect blend of drama and action, `sudden impact' dispenses justice that is a fulfilling respite from reality; the perfect justice of a not-so-perfect world, that makes for a satisfying cinematic experience. 9/10.

good sequel to murder in a small town. in this one cash and his police lt. buddy unravel a sticky plot involving a nazi criminal, a philanthropic witch, and a family of screw-ups and their wierdo helpers. as in the original, the viewer is treated to a nice little mystery with distinctive sights and sounds of pre-war america. go see it.

pleasant, diverting and charming. the best part is the swing numbers, especially the rendition of my buddy, partial though it may have been. the acting was a bit over the top in areas but the mood set by wilder is so pleasant it is hard not to enjoy this film.

i will admit, i thought this movie wasn't going to be any good but i soon changed my mind. the movie was keep you guessing as which direction it's going. pierce broson is amazing in his role as a hit man, who suddenly becomes burned out & asks a man he met at a mexican bar for help. greg kinnear is an awesome straight man, as his role as a mild mannered man from denver, who starts a innocent conversation with pierce at a mexican bar. the movie will have you laughing as pierce delivers hilarious one liners (mostly about sex).the imaginary in this movie is very well done, especially at the bullfight scene & when pierce sees himself when trying to finish his last jobs.

this is just one more example of the absolute genius of gene wilder. he wrote and starred in this terrific mystery. no one could have done it better. the suspense was palpable throughout. i wish mr. wilder would grace us with another of these. i have enjoyed everything i have ever seen mr. wilder in but i had no idea how truly talented he was until i saw "murder in a small town," and this follow-on. he truly has a firm grasp on what audiences want and how to deliver it in his writing and, of course, in his brilliant acting. his subtle wit comes through in spades. i would recommend this movie to anyone who likes mysteries and/or gene wilder's film work. his star just gets brighter and brighter.

"the lady in question (1999)" starring gene wilder is a well-acted mystery drama that reminds me of the old black-and-white raymond burr perry mason series. both perry and "cash" kept me guessing right up to the end. there were many suspects with a motive for the murder, but i had no idea which character it would be.gene wilder has a special charming wit about him, even in his facial expressions and vocal inflections which make him perfect for the part. the portions of the movie which portrayed actors acting was done very well. i'm sure this is an additional challenge for the cast to pull off. i am not surprised to see that he did some of the writing for the movie. even his singing was a delight. i like him in this role more than his former "sillier" roles like "the young frankenstein" and "willy wonka." i am hoping a & e will continue this series. they ought to call it something like "the a & e gene wilder mysteries."the music fit the period. i enjoyed the cool live combo and the swing tunes. i was a little unclear at the beginning whether we were seeing a flashback or whether the action was taking place in that time period. and i do not agree that the inclusion of profanity is necessary to the flow of the script. to me, that always distracts.overall, my wife and i thoroughly enjoyed this second in a well-crafted start in what we hope will be many others -- just like one of our other favorites: raymond burr's perry mason.

a delightful if somewhat predictable tv movie, though i admit a little bias -- as far as i'm concered, the more gene wilder in this world the better. i'd love to see numerous additional movies detailing the adventures of larry "cash" carter!

i didn't have many expectation going into the film, but i thought it was fantastic. pierce brosnan is outstanding in a very different role. he has dumped the slick armani suits for a ridiculous look and pays off showing that he is an excellent actor. pierce and greg kinnear play off each other great, and make for one of the better buddy pairings in a long time. the humor is dark, the performances by brosnan, kinnear, and hope davis are great, mix that with a touching element to the story about friendship, and you have a great film. this is probably one of the better buddy comedies in a long time. this is a film that definitely shows that we can expect great things in the post-bond era of brosnan's career.

i saw this movie while it was under limited release, mainly for the novelty of seeing pierce brosnan with a moustache, but it turned out to be one of the funniest movies i have seen all year. it starts out almost as a thriller, but steadily progresses into a hilarious piece of work full of one-liners and great comedic energy between pierce brosnan and greg kinnear. also, while i say this movie is a comedy, it doesn't forget it has a heart at times and can be very touching when it needs to be. when i went into the theater i didn't know what to expect much more than a moustache, but what i got was one of the best movies i have seen in a long time. leaving the theater i felt very fulfilled from the film and plan to see it again in wide release. i recommend it to anyone who appreciates a good comedy with a well-written script and a big moustache.

interesting how much more realistic brosnan's performance is to that of the original james bond novels when compared to the bond films. he's neurotic, paranoid, an alcoholic and a womanizer to boot. this is perfect break for him, even so much as to make fun of the bond icon. "i'm a mess, a parody of myself" he says. it doesn't get any better than that. i just finished reading dr.no and this is very much how ian fleming had portrayed james bond. personally i never liked brosnan as bond because he fit the icon too closely. there was nothing for him to personalize the character with, as compared to roger moore or sean connery. its great to see brosnan play a character both grounded in reality and flamboyantly off the wall. a shallow character trying to come to an understanding on deeper emotional and psychological issues to which he has no background dealing with. it's an impressive portrayal, and having greg kinear to ground him, is just poetic. this movie reminds me a little bit of dynamics established between the main characters in "my blue heaven", but more genuine in their coping mechanisms.

first let me say the director has some wonderful use of titles in his establishing shots. i really enjoyed them. i really enjoyed this movie but i got to say next to pierce brosnan, greg kinear is pretty lackluster. brosnan melts into this character so well, that it is really hard to remember that this is the same guy that played bond. it also shows his range and depth as an actor. it is kinda of an indie flick and was really nice to see especially with all of the mainstream movies that flood the movies at this time of the year. i found the characters to be well crafted. the twist in the middle i felt was especially good. i also liked how the characters come off realistically. so many times we have in film these caricatures of people that are not really characters but walking-stereotypes... i like the different approaches this movie takes. i think of sideways when i think of this movie but i think this is more watchable and a better movie overall...

dark comedy? gallows humor? how does one make a comedy out of murder? it can be risky business as the viewer is required to let go of their moral values and laugh at the antics of a man who kills people. so, the story has be rock solid with a good dash of suspended reality in order to make it work. so, pierce brosnan, the irishman's answer to 007 is now cast as a chain-smoking, sex-addicted alcoholic who kills people for a living and is having a life crisis. he meets a struggling businessman, greg kinnear, and after a rocky beginning, he learns that he needs a friend. but, greg's happily married to hope davis and brosnan sees in him the basic things he doesn't have, love, home and a life. add character actor, philip baker hall as the hit-man's manager and we're off to the races. brosnan is wonderfully crass and crude as the anti-hero and kinnear delightful as his counterpart, the very human businessman. hope davis adds a sparkle as kinnear's very conventional wife who is fascinated with this derelict who drifts into their lives. the ending is delightful and with some surprise to it. you should leave the theater feeling, at least, partly good-- if you're able to suspend being aghast at killing people.

pierce brosnan the newest but no longer james bond, is an assassin. he is very very good at what he does, but he's getting old and tired. greg kinnair is really good as the straight and narrow business man. now when the story opens the movie shows these two people in their separate lives. then one night they are having drinks in a bar, and they begin to talk. then all of a sudden you find these two people getting drawn together during a series of events. the story is excellent, the acting is top notch, and the humor is hilarious i never thought that pierce brosnan would be this funny, but he really is and i must say this movie is a must see.

this will not likely be voted best comedy of the year, a few too many coincidences and plot holes. however we are talking about a movie where a hit-man and a white bread salesman become buddies so a few vagaries shouldn't come as too much of a surprise. brosnan is excellent in this role, gone is the wooden james bond (a role he was wasted in). if he can maintain this kind of quality i hope he continues to make comedies. greg kinnear is also excellent as brosnan's straight man. i've read a few negative comments in here about hope davis but i thought she was quite good as a mousy housewife with a dark side buried deep within. there are lots of good chuckles as brosnan sleazes his way through and a few scenes where i nearly died laughing. my father (a consultant) nearly lost it when julian describes himself as a "facilitator". much like "grosse pointe blank", another hit-man comedy, the humour can be very dark. if you are in to that be prepared to enjoy yourself.

updated version of a story that had been turned into the film in 1938 england(return of the frog) concerning the pursuit by the police of a master criminal known as the frog because of the frog like get up (bulging eyes etc) he wears.one of the good wallace films from the 1960's it's a solid little entertainment. clearly influenced by ( or did this influence) the restart of the dr mabuse films, the frog seems to be more a super villain than a master thief. while not the best of the wallace films, it is worth a look. it would make an interesting double feature with the excellent earlier film.between 6 and 7 out of 10.

this is one of the better classic edgar wallace movies from the german series - it features all basics for a highly enjoyable wallace crime flic movie way back from the 60ies: although his majesty, mr. kinski, is missing you still have young joachim 'blacky' fuchsberger, starring once again as the typical clever american 'womanizer', you have young eddi arendt in his best (and just as well typical) role ever - the cool, sophisticated british butler - and you have (not so young anymore) lowitz as the melancholic yet very 'dry' ironic (and thus: highly entertaining) police investigator. furthermore you'll get offered a freakish and very campy 'evil guy' behind a frog mask (hence the movie's title!), you'll get a crazed-out swinging soundtrack, classic b-movie action scenes, partly filmed out off the wildest perspectives (please remind the time of its origin!), yelling scream queens, and on and on... all those ingredients get shaken well up in a sweet tastin' cocktail of pure german edgar wallace campyness - highly recommended!!

"the matador" is a dark comedy starring pierce brosnan as an aging hit man who befriends a straight-arrow, happily-married american businessman (greg kinnear) in mexico. although the sardonic julian (ironically surnamed "noble") appears to be a "tough guy" on the surface, underneath he is really just a mass of neuroses and insecurities, a man who realizes that his chosen profession has left him virtually alone in the world and friendless. thus on his birthday, he reaches out to danny, a man who has lived his life playing by the rules and who becomes strangely intrigued by julian's "unconventional" lifestyle. in fact, both men find in each other the person they could never be but wish they could become in their quieter, franker moments of self-evaluation.although the film is a bit too reminiscent of "analyze this" and "midnight run" to feel entirely fresh and original, "the matador," nevertheless, earns points for the complexity of its characters and the quality of its acting. brosnan, looking aged and almost used up, sinks his teeth into the role of julian in a way he never has before. playing a man who seems constitutionally unable to make a serious connection with another human being, brosnan is flip and cavalier one moment, then genuine and sympathetic the next. he always keeps us off balance so that the humor never becomes crass or stale. kinnear is also excellent as the regular joe businessman who finds himself pulled ever more to the dark side as his relationship with julian deepens. hope davis does a fine job as "bean," danny's loyal and loving wife who, like her husband, finds herself intrigued by this mysterious and "dangerous" figure from a world far different from the one she knows.at times, we find ourselves feeling that "the matador" is holding something back from us, not quite plumbing the depths of its situation and premise. at the end it feels a little too light, a little too insubstantial to register the impact it should. this could be because this is the feature film debut for writer/director richard shephard, and he hasn't quite gotten his movie pacing down yet. still, one appreciates the fact that he doesn't always go for the obvious and that he keeps tightly focused on the two main figures in the piece, rarely settling for the trite setup or the easy laugh.'the matador" is a flawed but generally entertaining little comedy that will, hopefully, signal a new phase in brosnan's acting career.

***1/2 pierce brosnan, greg kinnear, hope davis, adam scott, philip baker hall. directed by richard shepard.a well formulated story and film all together, brosnan has never been better in a film role outside of his "bond" movies. after 2004's "after the sunset" his newest role brings in the laughs and a great time. professional hit-man, so to speak, julian noble on a job in mexico city winds up meeting the exact opposite of himself a high strung business man danny wright (kinnear, possibly one of his best roles) also on business there. the two on-screen duo produce a comically charged, laugh riot and fail to not deliver the laughs. davis in one of her best roles since "american splendor" gives another charming and witty performance. one of the years most enjoyable and best films. my final rating 9/10

think pierce brosnan and you think suave, dapper, intelligent james bond. in this movie, brosnan plays against type - and has lots of fun doing so (as does the audience). this is a film about a hired assassin who befriends a harried businessman... and it works!this is a fun movie, with very good scenes (a riveting, on-the-edge brosnan and a good, compliant "off"-the-edge kinnear have some good lines). my only cavil is that hope davis, playing the oh-so-tolerant wife ("can i see your gun?") doesn't appear more often: she could have been a marvellous foil to these men.this movie is like a matador: it plays with the audience, while "going for a kill". the ending is awesome because a storyline (with a positive moral!) emerges: this is a frenetic, frantic and fun movie, which does deserve a wide audience.

wasn't sure what to expect from this film. i love watching brosnan in any movie, he's always good, but this was totally different. he's a mess, and plays being a mess very well. in fact he reminded me of myself a few times back in uni :) so yes, there's not a lot of violence, there's not a lot of action, but the dialogue is cracking, the acting is superb and very refreshing, and it's pretty funny too :) i don't think you'll come out of the cinema going "wow! i was blown away", but you'll come out smiling having enjoyed a good film. can't ask for more than that.oh, and if you're lucky, some moron will put the adverts reel in wrong and you'll get inverted, upside down, reversed (with reversed audio) adverts!! brilliant. nothing like watching a jack daniels ad where the drink goes back into the bottle from the glass with a gruff american "twin peaks" commentary :)

i found this to be a profoundly amusing dark comedy. brosnan is genius; as anyone will now testify, he is not to be pigeonholed in the bond role. kinnear was as charismatic and as funny as anyone could have been in the role. i don't know if i've laughed as hard during any movie! what an unexpected pleasure! my favourite line would be 'i feel like a bangkok hooker on a sunday after the navy left town'. brosnan delivered this very un-bond line with such unexpected comedic finesse. i was also very impressed with hope davis's performance. it seems like everyone in this movie branched out from their previous work to such a degree that it actually improved the comedy. if you liked the dark and hilarious 'the weather man', you will definitely like this. i voted 10.

the matador is a witty, dark humored and suspenseful melodrama that rises way above mediocrity thanks to two very engaging and earnest performances from pierce brosnan, who has never ever been better than here, and the always reliable greg kinnear who has his best role here since playing jack nicholson's gay neighbor in as good as it gets. a big plus goes to the writing as well. clever and occasionally very nasty dialog is delivered with gusto by brosnan and the slow building friendship between these two different individuals is completely convincing all the way. the story takes a few unexpected turns and keeps the viewer constantly guessing where it's gonna go next.nice artistic touches from the director such as good use of music, clever editing and somewhat unorthodox cinematography at times set a nice tone for the film and for a long period of time you don't quite know how to label the film. but that's also thanks to a very well written script which keeps the viewer (me anyway) on the edge of his seat.

not to mention easily pierce brosnon's best performance. of course greg kinnear is always great. really, when has he really been bad? i think this film is incredibly underrated! the use of colors in this movie is something very different in today's film world where every other movie has the payback blue filter. i also love the way they used the song by asia. proving that even what was once thought of as kinda cheesy can be really cool placed correctly.i was making my first feature when this came out. being that my film was a hit-man movie, i had to check out anything in the genre that was released. after seeing it, i'm sure it had some effect on me through the process. it was pretty cool when my film got on the imdb that it would recommend this film if you liked mine. how any of the others relate i have no idea, making an even more interesting coincidence.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1337580/

i have always been a fan of the show so i'll admit that i am biased. when the show's run ended, i felt like too many questions remained unanswered. this movie to me felt like closure. to see all the people i'd followed over the past few years together at last was most rewarding. i have heard that this is probably the only homicide movie that we can expect. if that is so, this is the appropriate way to go out. this movie is sometimes poignant, sometimes upsetting, but always satisfying. if you are or ever have been a fan of the show, watch this movie.

although there were a few rough spots and some plot lines that weren't exactly true to character, this was classic h:lots. the characters, outside of mike giardello (giancarlo esposito), were true to form, and the reunion scenes of pembleton (andre braugher) and bayliss (kyle secor) were as deep and well acted as anything ever to grace the small screen."homicide: the movie" aka "life everlasting" is a fan flick, but stands on its own as well as any 2-hour episode of the series. fontana, overmeyer and yoshimura did a wonderful job in pulling loose ends from 7 seasons and every major cast member of "the best damn show on television" together for the series finale that nbc never bothered to give it. true to "homicide" form, there were no happy endings, such is life. that's what has always set this show apart from the mindless cookie-cutter cop shows left on television. kudos to the writers and the cast for creating something over the span of the series and in the movie that challenged television viewers and producers alike.** i call myself a "homicidal maniac" if for no other reason than to keep my co-workers in a cooperative mood. **

not only was this movie better than all the final season of h:lots. but it was better than any movie made for tv i have ever seen!looking at the "top 250" i see that only one small screen movie has made it: how the grinch stole christmas. i think it is time to increase that group to 2.i will admit that the original series had several shows that were better than this, but i didn't mind. i just loved being able to enter the world of the baltimore homicide squad again!

***spoilers*** ***spoilers*** well, seeing as i am a major h:lots fan, maybe i liked the movie more than normal people would. however, this movie is still excellent. it had tons of surprises, and it gave some more closure to the series. while i was sad that bayliss turned into a murderer, the overall feeling i felt was satisfied.

hlots was an outstanding series, its what nypd blue will never be, on hlots the plots are real, the dialog is real, the relationships are real. with hlots back as a movie, tying up all the loose ends, it was good to have all the gang back together, even a few that passed away show up (wont say how) the storyline was fast paced, emotional and full of the spirit the series had week in and week out. homicide , life on the streets, network drama at its best!!!! 5 stars!!!! thumbs up and all that. thanks nbc for giving us the finally we didn't get!

for all the homicide junkies out there, this movie was great! every single character that ever was on the show made an appearance in the movie. it helped to resolve some (but not all) issues from the series. unfortunately, unless you actually did watch the series, most of the enjoyment would be lost, as the movie made heavy references to every season of the show's existence. this probably would have been appropriate as a series finale as opposed to being a separate movie, but we gotta take what we can get. i hope they make more movies, and continue to feature homicide characters on law and order.

a chance encounter between a salesman and a hit-man changes both their lives. this is an odd film that works, an impressive effort for writer-director shepard. in a daringly unglamorous role that is a far cry from james bond, brosnan is surprisingly effective as the lonely hit-man who starts to buckle under the stress of his job, but is unable to connect emotionally with anyone to help him cope. kinnear is equally good as the salesman, a decent fellow with a void in his life. davis is fine as kinnear's flirtatious wife. mainly a character study, the film is rewarding because it feels fresh and unpredictable, an extremely dark comedy.

this is the final episode we deserved. at the end of the last season, things were left in a 'life goes on' mood, which was hardly the wrap-up that this realistic series deserved. while not a happy show, this series was always one that made you think (a rare thing on television), and this is no exception. 'is death justified by reasoning?' 'are morals reflective of society, or is society shaped by the morals that are selected by the few in power?' 'what is a just death, and can it exist?' all of these questions, and more, are posed by the writers of this show every week, and this is their final thesis. fine acting, great writing, wonderful camera-work, brilliant editing, clean direction. if you have seen the series and you missed this when it first ran, then get a hold on a copy somehow. if you never watched the series when it ran, then this will stand up on its own, but it may be heavy going trying to keep up with who all the characters are and what they are alluding to in their varied pasts. for those of us who were avid viewers of the series in the last two seasons, this is very satisfying viewing.

for anyone who liked the series this movie will be something to watch. however, it also leaves you wanting more. i loved the way that every character (detective)made an appearance. least with the ending of who is the fourth chair for they leave a reason for another movie. my guess is bayless of course. this like the series was a very well put together series of scenes. this is a series i wish had lived on. thanks to the cast for some wonderful tv.

the movie was excellent, save for some of the scenes with esposito. i enjoyed how it brought together every detective on the series, and wrapped up some plotlines that were never resolved during the series (thanks to nbc...). it was great to see pembleton and bayliss together at their most human, and most basic persons. braugher and secor did a great job, but as usual will get overlooked. it hurt to see that this was the end of homicide. memories, tapes, and reruns on courttv just aren't the same as watching it come on every friday. but the movie did its job and did it very well, presenting a great depiction of life after al retired, and the family relationship that existed between the unit. i enjoyed this a lot.

my favourite police series of all time turns to a tv-film. does it work? yes. gee runs for mayor and gets shot. the homicide "hall of fame" turns up. pembleton and nearly all of the cops who ever played in this series. a lot of flashbacks helps you who hasn´t seen the tv-series but it amuses the fans too. the last five minutes solves another murder and at the very end even two of the dead cops turn up. and a short appearance from my favourite coroner juliana cox. this is a good film.

following a roughly 7 year rocky road on nbc, it was decided to do just one last super installment. the series had been on the bubble several times thanks to not having the numbers that would qualify it as a block-buster of a tv hour. it had always had a sizable, hard core of hard corps of followers. it was almost as if the series with the full title of "homicide: life on the street" (1993-99) was a sort of "mr. in-between" of series. it was too big to just cancel, but too small to get a case of 'rabid ratings ravings' over. during the precarious tenure on friday evenings, they had presented some of the best and most daringly artistic of hourly dramas. there, i've said it artistic, artistic!! but please, remember we mean artistic, but not just phony, pretentious, pedantic, politically correct preaching.when at last, it was a sure thing that it was the end of the line for "homicide"; this super episode was prepared as this 2 hour made for tv movie. looking at all the past seasons' happenings and parade of regular characters, the production team went out and gave us what proved to be a super send off.our story………. as we join the story, we find that baltimore homicide unit commanding officer, lt. al giardello has "pulled the pin", retired from the job, that is. but 'g' isn't ready to really retire-retire yet. so, instead of a rocking chair o a fishing rod, we find that al is running for mayor of 'charm city.'while out in the city, making some campaign stops and speeches, the former detective lieutenant takes an assassin's bullet. alive, but in a comatose state, he is taken to the hospital. news spreads quickly and as if officially summoned, we find all of the detectives of the baltimore unit we've seen on the show showing up to offer their services and assistance. there is a great meeting of all of these former and present gumshoes as they pitch in and follow every lead and possibility of a lead.the producer found a way to deal with those who had died previously in bringing their memory into the story. they managed to answer some long standing questions and even introduced some here to unrevealed ones. the whole story winds up the series in a most satisfying and original way. but at least for now, we'll leave that as "classified".in wrapping up everything into a neat, little package, this tv movie surely gets our endorsement. as for grading "the homicide movie", we must give it an a or a+, even. but, no matter the grade here, it didn't score as high as a typical weekly episode.

homicide: the movie proved to be a good wrap-up to a well-written, well-directed, and well-acted series. loose ends were tied up that weren't properly addressed at the end of the final season. the entire series, and especially the movie, provided a life-like look at life (and death) in baltimore, a culturally unique city with an extremely high murder rate. my attraction to the series began long before i moved to baltimore, but once i experienced life here for myself, i realized how realistic it was. and the movie certainly retained that spirit. i will certainly miss new original episodes of the series, but am very grateful to nbc and the producers and cast for giving us one last glimpse at the dark side of charm city.

what can i say? an excellent end to an excellent series! it never quite got the exposure it deserved in asia, but by far, the best cop show with the best writing and the best cast on televison. ever! the end of a great era. sorry to see you go...

in all truth, this really isn't a "movie" so much as an extended final episode; by this i mean that, had you not followed the tv series (homicide: life on the street) i suspect that you would have a hard time following this made-for-tv movie. having said that, "homicide: the movie" is still a great watch. i think it says a lot about a television production that every single cast member would return, many after years of absence, to once again portray their characters and bring closure to an incredible program. the movie brings out that sense of "family", not only amongst the characters, but amongst the actors, as well. it's all very bitter-sweet knowing that this will be the last time we will see them all together again under the title of homicide. story-wise, i found this film somewhat lacking. giardello's mayoral candidacy seems particularly contrived, and i felt his shooting could've been dealt with within the parameters of his regular position, as leiutenant. also, det. bayliss's extreme plot twist, which was left hanging at series end, is finally resolved, but i, for one, never felt that it needed to be; i enjoyed being left with a mystery (let us recall that the very first episode's first case also went unsolved for the entire series run!). as a devoted fan of the tv series i can love this movie, and the fact that it even got made after h:lots had been canceled, but i would not recommend it to anyone who hasn't had the slightest exposure to the series. now, if they'd just release it on dvd...

i have always been a huge fan of "homicide: life on the street" so when i heard there was a reunion movie coming up, i couldn't wait.let me just say, i was not disappointed at all. it was one of the most powerful 2 hours of television i've ever seen. it was great to see everyone back again, but the biggest pleasure of all was to have andre braugher back, because the relationship between pembleton and bayliss was always the strongest part of an all-together great show.

i became a fan of the tv series `homicide: life on the street' late in the show's run, but became a fan very quickly. it was a cop show unlike any other: visually different in its use of hand-held cameras, taking the viewer everywhere, with its multiethnic and mutiracial cast and their varying and fascinating personalities, and that it covered all of the good and bad of a police department, including the corruption and personality clashes that bubble up to the surface. homicide: the movie, the reunion follow-up to the series, is as good as a made-for-television film can be. after lt. giardello (yaphet kotto), now a candidate for mayor of baltimore, is shot, the series' cast members are back to help find the killer. in addition, the cast members who left the force and those who died, also manage to have their place in the film. the intensity and fire that marked the series return, and the script bristles with the same fire that marked the series. all in all, a terrific tv movie.vote: 9

the matador is better upon reflection because at the time one is watching it, it seems so light. the humor is always medium-gauge, never unfunny but never gut-busting. the story is a very simple thread. the characteristics of the plot are often recycled features, namely the unscrupulous bad guy in need of a pal and the straight-laced glass-wearing good guy in need of security in life team up and learn from each other and somehow complement each other's lifestyles. i also find the bullfighting parallel to the story unnecessary, as it is a simply cruel thing and the symbolism is hardly potent enough to carry itself. however, it really is a good film, because though it seemed so thin and unaffecting at the time, it wasn't. it has a subtle way of connecting with the audience.i believe the reason it slowly but surely gives the audience something to take with them is because though it's a formula that is nothing new, even most of the humor, both main characters, virtually the only characters in it, are somehow met and gotten to know. forget calling them real. that's not at all what i mean. what i mean is that though pierce brosnan's filthy, womanizing, boozing hit man is a detached comical character, he's grasped firmly by the writer and definitely by brosnan, who is aggressively communicating how much he enjoys his breath of fresh james bondless air. greg kinnear's character seems quite the same in his detached scriptedness, but he's given certain very unexpected footnotes that for a moment due to the film's lightfootedness pass us by but then hit us only a moment later. we then realize the film is not simply analyze this or planes, trains and automobiles told stalely over again. its truly saying something.the film's climax is of a sort that wants to partially be a thriller with twists. but with its lightness, how can that possibly be the focus of the film, though the plot has been leading up to it? no, the focus is what brosnan and kinnear get out of their unlikely relationship to each other. strangely, the matador is a film about regret and loneliness. brosnan deals with loneliness and regret every day, and though we don't understand why kinnear is so lenient and accepting with brosnan continually interrupting his life, it's slowly understood that brosnan is salvaging kinnear from a more down-to-earth version of his own feelings as a means of redemption. the very last scene of the movie stays with me. it, i think, is where the film's subtle side-stepping impact finally begins to seep.

two years ago i watched "the matador" in cinema and i loved everything about this movie. obviously, i was totally under impression of pierce brosan's magnificent role. yesterday, i caught this movie again on tv so i looked at it a bit deeper. now, i can say with certain that this movie isn't that special but you just gotta' love it because of one man. brosnan lifts its grade up in my opinion with amazing performance of julian noble, tired hit-man who has no friends. soon julian meets danny wright (greg kinnear) in mexico city, man who's got bad luck: his son died in accident, his job isn't going that well and he's not sure that he can keep his wife bean (hope davis).i always liked movies like this; crime movie with big touch of humor. mostly that humor comes from brosnan as he tells jokes about dwarfs with big d.... or one of my favorite lines in this movie: "i look like a bangkok hooker on a sunday morning, after the navy's left town." brosnan says it with his charm while he's drinking his margarita as usually. i also like greg 'typical american face' kinnear in the role of loser that is very lively made because there are plenty of people like danny wright.so i recommend you to watch quite possibly the best role of brosnan ever. he'll make you smile and admire him at the same time. great brosnan in not equally great movie.

i generally love these 1930 mystery/police charlie chan type of movies, and this is no exception. however, something seems bad with this movie. a late attempt to switch from cerebral moto movies centered around the plot contrivances to a salad bar spoilt by comedy relief that is as relieving as sore feet. a typecast buffoon appears from nowhere impersonating a clumsy englishman who plays the detective, and even other characters seem entangled into providing comedy relief. the plot may seem odd or a bare excuse to us today, but back then the possibility of epochal archaeological discoveries was not only real, but a commonplace occurrence.

julian noble (pierce brosnan) is a hit-man. or a "facilitator of fatalities", as he prefers to be called. he is also a drunk, a womaniser, and in the middle of a mid-life crisis. on a job in mexico city, he bumps into danny white (greg kinnear), an unconfident businessman who thinks he's just nailed a recent pitch, but is unsure. they meet in the hotel bar late one night, after they've both had a few too many margaritas.sounds like the set-up for a by-the-numbers comedy thriller, doesn't it? but it isn't. instead, the matador is a funny and sometimes touching character study. it avoids every twist that the above summary would suggest, sometimes even setting them up just to gleefully tear them down. it is a film that respects it characters enough to just let them get on with it, without feeling the need to shove them into needless plot contrivances.brosnan's hit-man will inevitably be compared to his bond, but this is unfair to both performances. bond is a half-formed idea, a product of all that has gone before; while julian is a fully-formed character with his own motivations and flaws. he has existed in his own shadowy, seedy world for so long that he has forgotten how to talk to another human being.when he meets danny in the hotel bar, he sees his opposite: a normal guy with a normal job and normal problems. he envies danny; the hit-man has become fed up with his life, sees himself edging ever closer to his inevitable "burn out", as he puts it. but when danny opens up about the death of his only son, julian tries to change the subject with a dirty joke. he is a man who has, in his own words, been "running from any emotion." kinnear holds his own opposite brosnan's performance, and injects danny white with his effortless everyman charm. he is the perfect foil to julian; while the latter is drunken bravado and hedonism, danny is down to earth, with just a hint of eccentricity. but he too goes deeper than his established persona, showing us how far the everyman will go when faced with financial and familial ruin.there is real chemistry between brosnan and kinnear. it is most visible in the film's three key scenes: the hotel bar; a bullfight, during which julian tells danny what he does for a living, and takes him through a dress rehearsal of an assassination; and a scene in which julian turns up at danny's house six months later. this scene also introduces us properly to danny's wife, bean (yes, bean). in another example of how much the matador respects its characters, bean (hope davis), instead of panicking at the presence of a hired killer in her house, merely asks with forced calm, "did you bring your gun?" the script isn't quite as good as could have been after maybe another rewrite. one or two lines seem a little forced, and a couple of the jokes need a little more work. but in the scenes where julian and danny (and later bean) just talk, the writing is superb. the film feels no need to put the characters in any outlandish situations (other than meeting a hit-man, and said hit-man turning up on your doorstep). it just lets them talk, gently nudging them toward necessary plot points.there is action, but only when it reflects on the characters. one notable instance is when julian botches a job in budapest because he keeps seeing himself through his rifles scope. the rest of the film is about the characters, how they interact, how they each affect one another. and, ultimately, it is about friendship, even in the most unlikely of places. at one point julian tells danny that he is his only friend. and he really means it.

a team of archaeologists uncover a real treasure – the crown of the queen of sheeba. from egypt, the crown is to be transferred via steamship to san francisco. but it won't be an easy journey. there are plenty of would-be thieves who would love to get their hands on the priceless jewels contained in the crown. fortunately for all involved, mr. moto is on hand to guard the crown on its journey. however, that doesn't mean someone won't try to get their hands on the treasure.after the disappointment of mr. moto's gamble, i went into mr. moto takes a vacation hoping for the best, but, admittedly, fearing the worst. but within the first 10 seconds of the film, i knew i would find it more enjoyable. i'm a sucker for a 1930s style mystery that features anything to do with archaeological digs in egypt. and seeing moto disguised as a german archaeologist (imagine that, peter lorre playing a german?), the beginning scenes really drew me in. while the movie may have quickly shifted to the less exotic san francisco, it remained just as enjoyable. dark, sinister characters lurking in the rainy night; gunshots fired from open windows that narrowly miss the hero's head; sophisticated and supposed foolproof alarm systems just begging for someone to test them; and master criminals believed to be dead – these are the kind of elements found in a lot of the really good 1930s mysteries that i love. and mr. moto takes a vacation's got 'em all. a couple other bonuses for me included the always enjoyable lionel atwill in a nice little role, comic relief from g.p. huntley that's actually funny, and a return to form for mr. moto. i've already mentioned his disguise in the movie's opening scenes, well the athletic moto comes out near the film's finale. moto is a like a whirling dervish of activity as he goes after his prey. all this and i haven't even mentioned the wonderful performance turned in by lorre. any way you look at it, mr. moto takes a vacation is a winner.as much as i hate that the mr. moto series had to end after this installment, it's understandable when you think about it. wwii was just around the corner. and after pearl harbor, a movie with a japanese hero wouldn't have gone over very well. at least the mr. moto series ended on a very positive note.

this is one of my favorite mr. motos, and i have seen them all. as usual lorre is his charming self as the debonair mr. moto. lionel atwill plays a delightfully zany museum curator, the usual comic relief is quite funny here, and there are lots of suspects on whom to cast an eye. it's fast paced and fun.the archaeologist doesn't have quite the same flair as thomas beck, the usual second lead in these programmers, but he's adequate. stepin fetchit is on board, and while he speaks in a stereotypical manner his lines are funny, not demeaning to his intelligence, and he actually saves the day in his brief time on screen.

the turning point in "the matador" comes about half through the movie when danny, an unsophisticated man from denver, is sitting in the balcony of his mexico city hotel, enjoying a quiet moment. someone knocks on his door, and knowing it's julian, the paid assassin, he refuses to answer. but did he really? richard shephard, the director of "the matador", presents us with a character, julian noble, who shows no redeemable qualities. in fact, we have already seen him in action, doing what he does best. when julian meets danny at the bar of the camino real in mexico city, he spills the beans and tells his new acquaintance what he really does for a living.danny, who has come to sell his program to a mexican company, but it seems he is competing against a local outfit that appears to be in the front for getting the contract. danny is a naive person who falls prey of the charisma and charm doled out by the smarter julian. it's not until some time later, on a cold winter night that the killer appears at danny's door asking his friend to repay a favor and accompany him on a trip to tucson. it's at this point that the secret that binds them together is revealed in an unexpected way.pierce brosnan, acting against type, makes a great contribution with his irreverent julian noble. just to watch him walking through the hotel lobby in his speedo and boots gives the right impression about his character. greg kinnear, on the other hand, plays the straight part of this odd couple. hope davis appears only in a couple of scenes leaving us to lament why didn't she stay longer. philip baker hall puts an appearance as the liaison between julian and his assignments.richard shephard directs with style working with his own material. the musical score is by rolfe kent and the crisp cinematography of david tattersall enhances everything.

the matador is a strange film. its main character julian, played with an unusual mix of charm and unbalance by brosnan, is not your typical hero. julian is a hit man who is experiencing a late mid-life crises. having spent 22 years in the profession of cold blooded murder he now finds himself stressed out and desperately lonely. and so, after a chance meeting at a bar with danny (greg kinnear), he latches on and begins a halting, awkward friendship. danny, the quintessential nice guy, is dealing with some stuff in his own life and, truth be told, could use a friend as well. the two make an unexpected connection, and danny sticks around to hear julian's story, even after learning the "unsavory" truth about julian's work.matador approaches a subject not completely unheard of in cinema, the anti-hero assassin (films like 'assassins' and 'grosse pointe blank' come to mind). but matador differs in several key ways. first of all, the killing and gore is implied but never really shown in any detail, meaning that if you are an action movie buff looking for an adrenaline rush this movie will probably disappoint you. and second, unlike most anti-hero films, matador makes no attempt to show remorse and redemption from its main character. julian's job is simply presented as an 'it is what it is' kind of thing. this is unusual, given that 99.99% of us would consider killing for money horrific. and yet this unorthodox approach is perhaps what makes the film feel authentic. although we don't like to admit it, almost anything could become mundane after we did it long enough, maybe even murder. did julian's victims deserve to die? who is paying to have people killed? who knows. the movie never deals with these questions. the focus is on julian and his stumbling shuffle into a genuine friendship. if you read about someone like julian in the paper you would have a passing thought that people like him should be ripped out of society like a cancer, but forced to watch his life you are drawn in by his intense humanity. sympathy for the devil, i guess.brosnan's take on julian is well done and deeply unsettling. he doesn't completely divorce himself from his james bond good looks and smooth charm, but rather just adds disturbing quirks into the mix. weird or crude remarks in the middle polite conversations and sudden shifts from suave charm to childish tantrums and sad desperate pleas for acceptance. it keeps you guessing about his grasp on his sanity and how it will affect those around him. it's a bit like listening to a piano player that occasionally and unexpectedly hits a wrong note while he plays, but it works. the films only other major role, that of danny, is not nearly as meaty. kinnear turns in a solid if unspectacular performance as a regular joe with a regular joe life and problems.the film doesn't really have any huge shocks or m night shyamalan twists, but i wasn't able to guess the ending and it felt satisfying. it doesn't have any deep philosophical or spiritual insights and yet it felt very human. and it didn't have any heart pounding car chases or gun battles and yet i thought the pacing was well done and i was never bored. maybe the only real message here is about the human need to reach out and make connections with one another, and how those needs have no moral prerequisites. even a murderer needs friends, and even good people can be friends with bad people. it's a comment on the strange, random world we live in. a good film; worth seeing.

the matador (2005) *** _ pierce brosnan, greg kinnear, hope davis, philip baker hall, dylan baker. brosnan gives one of his best non-bondian roles as a middle-aged assassin facing a mid-life crisis while on assignment in mexico where he befriends a square yet likable american businessman (kinnear at his most affable) and discovers there is more to life than death. newbie filmmaker richard shepard makes a solid big screen debut with a pointedly wicked black comedy with a sharp eye for visual detail and nuanced dialogue and character development that makes him a talent to watch in this breath-of-fresh-air into the 'buddy comedy' formula skewering what is anticipated of his leads and allowing brosnan to get his ya-yas out with devilish glee. a sleeper gem indie hit.

pierce brosnan has sipped his last martini and returns, in an outrageous self-parody, as the aging foul-mouthed boozy assassin julian noble, who has a particular fondness for teenage girls, bullfights and tacky clothes. during a job in mexico city he meets danny (greg kinnear), a straight-faced denver suburban business-man, who's in town to make his deal of-a-life-time, in a hotel bar. despite their completely different personalities and julian's crude and insensible remarks, they become friends. largely carried by the performances of pierce brosnan and greg kinnear, director richard shepard revealed that he didn't write the film with pierce brosnan in mind , but i can hardly imagine this without him. he proves to have a real talent for comedy and can be more than just james bond or cold-war spies. the scene in which the two meet at a glossy hotel bar (stunning sets and beautifully photographed) really is a bravura piece of acting skills. the scene lasts almost fifteen minutes, and although it was probably carefully scripted, the two actors are largely improvising, but they succeed wonderfully! it almost feels like a new standard in screen acting. think of robert de niro and harvey keitel in mean steets improvising and add one of the most subtle underpinnings of many genre clichés and the actors' own typecasting (brosnan's james bond in particular), and you got one of the most delightful pairings in recent hollywood. sadly, the story wears thin after a while. after an hour, the film just runs out of steam. nevertheless, and i can't put my finger on it exactly, i did enjoy this very much. it just feels very fresh and original, with some imaginative use of sets and lighting, and some hints to seijun suzuki and jean-pierre melville. the other characters aren't given much to do, but this film does offer something new, in that respect it almost effortlessly succeeds in blending all conventional genres into quite an entertaining spoof. very amusing.camera obscura --- 7/10

the matador is hit-man movie lite....if you can say that about a hit-man movie. the violence is never really shown but often introduced. at first i was scared i was in for another retread of mid-90s gangster-hit-man-hipster-dark comedy but was happily surprised when i realized this is just a sweet and humorous story about friendship. nothing terribly exciting happens in this film but every bit of it is kept me grinning. the three leads have the best chemistry the big screen has offered in recent years and it looks like they had a great time making this film together. the writing is sharp though at times it felt as if the script had been adapted from a stage play because of the one set dialog scenes. this is a good film that i probably won't remember for too long but at the time it was a complete joy. good film.

"the matador" stars pierce brosnan as a burned out assassin. he's james bond gone to seed, in too-tight, garish clothes, gold chains, and an ugly haircut. our struggling assassin, julian noble, is in mexico, trying to regain his nerve. staying at the same hotel is a likable, down-on-his luck businessman danny wright (greg kinnear), also trying to regain his equilibrium. danny is desperate to close a deal and return to his wife in denver (hope davis) with good news.noble and wright unexpectedly become friends. wright convinces noble to reveal certain techniques, which he demonstrates at a bullfight. noble is eventually targeted by his employers and shows up in denver. writer and director richard shepard did the q&a after this delightful movie at the austin film festival. shepard was also down on his luck. after suffering the loss of his agent and rejection of recent scripts, he decided to write a story no one would buy and create a character no one would want to play. then pierce brosnan called. brosnan regains his equilibrium in this movie. (there is life after bond!) he has a wonderful flair for self-deprecating comedy. don't miss it. stay for the closing credits to read what the filmmakers say about bullfighting. i look forward to more of richard shepard's projects.

"margaritas and cock..."this tremendously entertaining film grabs you from the opening scene and never stops delivering laughs, surprises and unexpectedly touching moments. i had more fun watching "the matador" than almost any other film from 2005. it is a wacky film with an unforgettable character, played to perfection by pierce brosnan.julian noble (brosnan) is a facilitator (hit-man) who specializes in high-end corporate gigs (assassinating rich dudes). he is also experiencing something akin to a mid-life crisis. after coming to realization that he has no real friends, no permanent home and no planned future, he stumbles into a mexican hotel bar one night and runs into danny wright (kinnear).danny is a down-on-his-luck family man who is on the verge of losing the big business deal that just might turn things around for him. he loves his wife dearly, especially so since they lost their young son a few years earlier.the two men are chalk and cheese, hardly any common ground other than that they are in the same desolate bar one night. and somehow a conversation is struck that sets in to motion a chain of events that will change their lives forever.the friendship they form reminded me a lot of laurel and hardy. one is the straight man and the other is the persistent fool who gets them into trouble. the interplay is superbly timed and finely tuned, due in no small part to the wonderful performances from brosnan and kinnear.but make no mistake... this is brosnan's film. he imprints one of the most memorable and despicably likable characters of the decade. he could shoot your mother and apologize immediately thereafter and you'd probably forgive him. brosnan may be cinema's ultimate charmer, but this is his most endearing and complete performance to date. i wouldn't be averse to seeing an oscar nod for this role.consider one scene where he overtly ogles a high-school girl with the impurest of thoughts and utters the line, "all blushy blushy... no sucky fucky". he does it with the familiar bond smirk and manages to get away with it. he manages to tell a young boy, "tell your mother to lose 30lbs and 20 years. then get back to me" without coming across as unlikable. in fact, it makes us like him even more.and yet the film manages to surprise us with some truly touching scenes, most of which come toward the end when the film takes some unpredictable turns. however, when julian thumbs through his little black book to find someone to call on his birthday, or when danny and his wife (davis) console each other in their bedroom one night, the film reaches an unexpected depth of emotion."the matador" is stylish and energetic. it is constantly entertaining. and it contains a career-defining role for brosnan as the lonely hit-man looking for normalcy, friendship and a means to do at least one good thing in his life. this is an overlooked gem in 2005 and you should make an effort to see this film as soon as possible.tc candler of independentcritics.com

this film is fantastic. finally well-written characters you can love for all their good and bad. pierce brosnan is flat-out hysterical in this self-effacing role. i think its the best thing he's ever done. he's done other roles that exhibited shades of being capable of this kind of fully-fledged work, but this role finally gave him the room to run with it. i almost died when he walked across the hotel lobby in his underwear and boots. and greg kinnear and hope davis are a couple to aspire too, as well as actors to aspire too. kinnear is so goofy likable that his turn in the end is truly gratifying. you give good actors good work to play with and they give us something more back.

the delivery of some very humorous rude lines by pierce brosnan is alone worth the price of admission. he plays a kind of "james bond's psycho twin brother", separated at birth, no doubt. as an intense hit-man, his character is very sexual but even better, very funny. add the kind-hearted, uber-likable american "guy next door', greg kinnear, to set up contrast. the myriad locations, vivid colors, and quick-witted humor provide great entertainment. hope davis is well cast as the "gem of a wife". but the focus of the film is on the two fellows, a new "odd couple", and that's the part that works very well. have a great (probably r-rated) laugh, and look for the places where the story goes a little deeper.

greetings again from the darkness. much anticipated, twisted comedy from writer/director richard shepard is a coming out party for pierce brosnan the actor. that bond guy is gone. this new guy is something else entirely!! have read that shepard thought brosnan was too much the pretty boy for this plum role, but brosnan proves to be the perfect julian noble, "facilitator" ... and is anything but pretty! do not underestimate how twisted the humor is in this one. if you go, expect punch lines and sight gags regarding all types of sex, killing, religion, sports, business and anything else you might deem politically incorrect. brosnan takes an excellent script to another level with his marvelous facial gestures and physical movements. even sitting on a hotel bed (with or without a sombrero) is a joy to behold.greg kinnear is the straight guy to brosnan's comic and has plenty of depth and comic timing to make this partnership click. hope davis has a small, but subtly effective supporting role as kinnear's wife (what's with her name "bean"?) who happens to get a little excited when she has a facilitator in her living room.the visuals and settings are perfect - including a bullfight, racetrack and denver suburb. and how often do we get the killers and xavier cugat on the same soundtrack? this one is definitely not for everyone, but if your sense of humor is a bit off center and you enjoy risky film-making, it could be for you.

this is a movie that i can watch over and over and never ever get tired of it, it has lot's of laughs, guns, action, crime,, good one liners, and a decent plot, with an over the top, donald sutherland in a rather comedic role as an assasain. tia carerra looks as hot as she ever did and can act too, thomas ian griffin is great in this as the lead character "max" a dea agent diane is the fbi agent, played by carerra, and john lithgow from frazier on tv, plays the bad guy,, "livingston". the plot centers around max and diane trying to capture livingston while they fight and argue with each other about who gets the money for the respective agencies, throw into the mix the assassain sutherland, who pretty much has all the good one liners, this is the perfect crime caper, there is the usual love story,, but played very differently than you would think by carerra and griffith. you also have the russian mafia, italian mafia, and chineese mafia here thrown into the mix,, the film is shot in boston,, where you have some great shots , and locals,, great photography and music in this film, this movie is just the epitome of a crime comedy,, it has everything that one could ever want. check out sutherland's toilet in a particular scene,, very unusual. this film is a riot and will make you laugh real hard 10 plus for me.

hollow point, though clumsy in places, manages to be an extremely endearing and amusing action movie.the primary entertainment value here is humor - everyone turns in clever performances that provide the film with a great deal of energy.oh, by the way, advocates of gun safety will be horrified by the conduct of the characters in this movie...

i think hollow point is a funny film with some good moments i have never seen before in action movies. well,both tia carrere and thomas ian griffith aren't so good in acting, but tia carrere is nice and good looking girl, isn't it? but donald sutherland is superb in his role so-so mad gangster.

this film is one of the finest american b-movies of the 90s. if you're looking for a serious film, look elsewhere. however, if you're looking for some action, a lot of laughs, and a tongue in cheek variation on cops fighting gangsters, this is well worth watching. everyone chews the scenery a bit, but that's really what the film is all about, and everyone is quite funny. donald sutherland and john lithgow have great chemistry and need to do another film together.

the plot: a crime lord is uniting 3 different mafias in an entreprise to buy an island, that would then serve as money-laundering facility for organized crime. to thwart that, the fbi tries to bust one of the mafia lords. the thing goes wrong, and by some unlikely plot twists and turns, we are presented with another "cop buddies who don't like each other" movie... one being a female fbi agent, and the other a male ex-dea agent.so far, so stupid. but the strength of this movie does not lie in its story - a poor joke, at best. it is funny. (at least the synchronized german version is). the action is good, too, with a memorable scene involving a shot gun and a rocket launcher. but the focus is squarely on the humour. not intelligent satire, not quite slapstick, but somewhere in between, you get a lot of funny jokes. however, this film is the opposite of political correctness. legal drug abuse is featured prominently, without criticism, and even displaying it as cool. that's the bit of the movie that seriously annoyed me, and renders it unsuitable for kids, in my opinion. all in all, for a nice evening watching come acceptable action with some funny jokes, this movie is perfect. just remember: in this genre, it is common to leave your brain at the door when you enter the cinema / tv room. then you'll have a good time. 8/10

this film has a rotting core of flexible morality, and yet a quirky sense of justice. so many of the regular joes among us would love to "stick it to the man". the "man" in this case is represented by several different characters. mr. keller, who carla reports to at her office. later, paul owes 70 large to mr. marchand the club owner. and then there is paul's parole officer. there seems to be so much question about this last character's side story. reviewers point it out as a weakness in an otherwise well crafted subterranean game of ping-pong between our two protagonists, escalating tit-for-tat until their lives change dramatically. they are beholden to each agent of the "man". one or both could be fired, killed, or imprisoned if they don't do as they are told.the film has a sense of relief at the end. carla finally gets laid. her boss is forced out for being a jerk. mr. club owner is a pulpy mess in his own bathroom. they get the $money$. and... they need not worry about reporting in to the parole officer, because his moral weakness leads him to stash his wandering wife in the basement (or whatever the police found to arrest him). it is a critical subconscious trigger to the lock tumbler that wound us up so tight. never mind that someone else may get paul's file later to supervise his release; for the moment they are free! they might even get away with it! woohoo...they stuck it to the man!

the only thing serious about this movie is the humor. well worth the rental price. i'll bet you watch it twice. it's obvious that sutherland enjoyed his role.

this is one of the best movies i have seen in a long time. all of you who regard this movie as absolute sh*t obviusly are not intelligent enough to grasp all of the subtle humor that this movie has to offer. it shows us that real life and "ficticious" action can produce a winning combination. also, as a romantic comedy, it has one of the most clever ways for two people to find each other. name me another movie where you can see all of that as well as donald sutherland singing a song like "they're going to find your anus on a mountain on mars."

love the characters and the story line. very funny with plenty of action. thomas ian griffith and tia carrer give great performances. i enjoyed the dynamic and comical interaction of griffith and career. donald southerland plays a very likable, and surprisingly sympathetic, burnt out hit man. all three actors are among my favorites and having them in this movie made for a special treat. a nice addition to my extensive dvd collection. i highly recommend this movie. if you like... mr. and mrs. smith, the replacement killers, l.a. confidential, the long kiss goodnight, the abyss and, the whole nine yards... you will love this movie.

welcome back kiefer sutherland. it's been too long since you've appeared in a movie,, and what a movie this was, was it 24 no,, but very intriguing, especially with a pro like michael douglas in the lead as the embattled secret service agent. kiefer's character is the one chasing michael douglas the whole movie,, kiefer's partner,, is eva longoria,, the desperate houswife. wow she can actually act besides flirt all day and look good,, i wish though that kim bassinger had a bigger role,, but other than that, i really think the whole movie was a blast from start to finish. this movie is what i consider to b e a political thriller, everybody played their part to the hilt. nothing was revealed to sooon in the movie,, so as to keep you guessing at all times. and i really think that kiefer did one heck of a job here in this movie,, but in my opinion michael douglas had the besxt performance of the day,, thumbs up.

my take: makes use of its familiar plot with fine performances and a few genuine moments of excitement. the plot is familiar. an innocent man is framed for a plot to assassinate the president of the united states, the first traitor in the united states secret service. as his fellow secret-service agents pursue him, he tries to prove his innocence. of course we know his innocent, and the real culprit is just around the corner, but i was still entertained by the sentinel. in this time where thrillers are reduced to being too ludicrous and too abundant in action sequences, the sentinel is a good lick-back to all those good old-fashioned political crime thriller. the familiar plot is elevated by neat thrilling sequences and terrific performances.michael douglas, the perfect man for the job, is long-running secret service agent pete garrison, who is framed for being part of a plot to assassinate the president. former colleagues in the secret service (kiefer sutherland and eva longoria) pursue harrison while he tries to find out who is behind the possible assassination and the traitor in the secret service. this leads to a lot of chase scenes that, surprisingly (and thankfully), are never unbelievable. the screenplay also offers a subplot involving garrison having an affair with the first lady (played by kim basinger). this thankfully wasn't unnecessary like most subplots are to these kinds of films.the films director is clark johnson (s.w.a.t.) who manages to make the film look good. although many have criticized it as "should have been a tv movie", i must disagree. agreed, this is not a perfect film, and much of it is inspired from other action thrillers and political intrigues like in the line of fire or an episode from the tv series 24 (which this film closely resembles when it comes to style and star sutherland), but even so, this film takes its plot into serious heights and doesn't abandon even its smaller details. the performances are terrific (with a top-notch cast, its bound to be, even with the by-the-numbers script.all-in-all, i award it ***1/2, not perfect, but not far from it.rating: ***1/2 out of 5.

it might not be the best movie of 2006 but it was a just a movie to excite and to think about.the sentinel is a good political thriller movie which seems similar to or even borrows some elements from other political thriller movies such as in the line of fire and the manchurian candidate. the basic plot of this movie is similar to other movies like this: a plot to kill the president of the united states. michael douglas stars as secret service agent pete garrison who spearheads the operation only to find out later that he has been framed.kiefer sutherland co-stars as a sort of rival by the name of david breckinridge and eva longoria as jill marin who is a rookie agent going under the guidance of agent breckinridge and academy award winner kim basinger as first lady sarah ballentine. one improvement for this movie could have been more action as it is by some sources considered just as much an action film as is a thriller film but a good thing about this movie is instead of just an assassination plot to kill the us president,it also concerns a mole(traitor) in the secret service who is leading the president in the wrong direction.

i'll be honest,i finally checked this movie not because of the stars--though they were reasonably watchable and compelling,particularly the three leads--or even the compelling story of a breach in the presidential secret service(something,i've been informed through the dvd extras of this show,has yet to ever happen.assuming that's true,that's remarkable!). i got it because it was directed and has a choice cameo by none other than detective meldrick lewis!! well,okay,clark johnson,one of my faves from "homicide:life on the street" and a veteran (mostly) tv director. i'd say that he does about as good as he can with a project that is watchable but pretty average,despite the possibilities.veteran and ace secret agent pete garrison(michael douglass)has to find out both who is blackmailing him and who killed his friend,targeted and blew up an air force one chopper and is gunning for the prez.(david rasche. anyone remember "sledgehammer"?). his affair with the first lady(kim basinger,clearly one of the hotter first ladies we've ever had,fictional or real)is certainly not helping his standing. he's got to both ferret out the real mole in the service and avoid the hound dog like hunting of his former best friend and fellow agent and chief(kiefer sutherland,almost still completely in "24" mode). throw in some other pivotal service agents(martin donovan and the foxy,somewhat hard to buy as the gig eva longorria) and shady foreign characters and you have a fairly standard political thriller that doesn't aim as high as it purports and reaches the desired,if underwhelming,results.the summary line is about the best way to describe how this show plays out without giving spoilers. the dvd extras to me seemed more insightful and interesting than the movie,though the film itself was entertaining enough to keep most (myself included) interested.

it's so rare to find a film that provides a plot that can't be figured out at every turn. surprises throughout delighting throughout.a couple of things i could not quite understand though is that here you have the lead female character who plays "the good girl, hard worker" and yet in the end she ends up being an anti-social risk taker. that was not enough to make me not like it though but it did give me pause.the other thing i could not get was the old man who was being hauled away by the police at the very end of the film. i never did get who he was or what his issues were. if anyone has any ideas, i'd like to hear what they might be.the film was exciting and fun throughout and always left me guessing. very much worth seeing.

seeing as keifer sutherland plays my favorite character in the history of tv, it was a foregone conclusion i was gonna go to the movies and spend $15 on this. i also think this applies to eva longoria fans.the movie revolves around a leak that a secret service agent is planning to assassinate the president. as the investigation unfolds, it seems the only likely candidate is the highly decorated pete (michael douglas). pleading innocence, pete goes on the fun, fugitive style, to search for the truth.it's solid, but certainly not spectacular. a decent cast, a decent story but it left me feeling a bit empty, but you could certainly do far worse.

this was a pretty decent movie. this movie is good to just sit down and watch and be entertained. just a typical hollywood film. this movie will never win an oscar or anything and definitely doesn't deserve one, but i thought it was pretty good. it's kind of like the show 24 but set into movie format. if you like the whole we've got to stop the terrorist from killing the president kind of movie then you will enjoy this flick. i personally think that storyline has been done way too much, but the sentinel does add a little twist with the mole in the secret service. all in all, this movie won't leave your jaw to the floor or change your life, but who says every single movie has to be like that to be good?

good for an evening's entertainment - but the plot was unconvincing. garrison's affair with the first lady was unreal and passionless; the president was a cardboard cut-out. and who were the real villains anyway? nothing was developed or explained sufficiently. i still don't know why they wanted to kill the president or how the mole got involved. the villains were nameless and undeveloped, so you never felt involved in their plot. michael douglas and kiefer sutherland did their best to inject some reality into the story - the chase and confrontation were good. but kim basinger and eva longoria were both unbelievable in their roles, basinger totally lacked character and no way could longoria have been a secret service agent. this could have been a very good film but somehow it missed the way, with too many unanswered questions. disappointing on the whole despite some very good scenes. and did they use the 'west wing' set for the white house scenes? - i kept expecting cj or charlie to appear!

the sentinel features a sort of run of the mill and clichéd suspense/mystery but is lifted with some good acting and taut pacing. these stories have already for the most part gone through as many permutations as we can bear, so what we're left with is how good is the acting, how smart are the setups and bad guys, how well crafted is the main plot etc etc.....so the sentinel does a solid job given it's content. michael douglass and kiefer sutherland both maintain some good screen bravado and attitudes. eva longoria (first time i've seen her on screen) brings some satisfactory support. the whole affair side of the story is utterly implausible knocking it down a bit, but it deserves slack. worth a viewing if you like the genre.

the sentinel i was hoping would be a good film and boy i was right.a great story first of all from a novel and i thought this was an original story but i guess it wasn't and it was a very smart story. michael douglas in this film is very good and keither sutherland is too,but however it is very hard to shrug him off his role as jack bauer in 24 but eventually you do and he is very different in the sentinel than he is in 24.also another person trying to shrug off their tv role but failed.eva longeria.she wasn't that good in the film and had a back seat in the entire thing.after i saw the film i had constant dreams about the sentinel and couldn't sleep.overall sentinel is a good film and i would recommend it.

i can admit that the screenplay isn't very good, and that it has some slow parts, but all of you critics of this movie need to learn how to have some fun. first of all, the performances are great (michael douglas, kim basinger, kiefer sutherland, and eva longoria. michael douglas proves he has still got it, and kim basinger plays a very interesting character as the cheating wife. kiefer sutherland and eva longoria, play the dynamic duo, both adding their incredible talent to the pot. and second of all, this movie is the most fun i have had in years in a theodore. its plain and simple, if you want to go to the movies, and have a lot of fun see, the sentinel.

i thought that the sentinel was going to be a mediocre movie.when i finally saw it,i took a good surprise.the movie isn't great thing but it's very fun and the action scenes are very well done.this movie reminded me tv series like 24 or alias.it's very similar to that series and it reminded me too,to the wolfgang petersen's thriller in the line of fire.if you're going to expect one of the most original and and one of the greatest thrillers in the history of movies,you will be disappointed.but if you go with little expectations,you will enjoy the sentinel.rating:7

i enjoyed this film. i thought it was an excellent political thriller about something that's never happened before - a secret service agent going bad and involved in an assassination plot. unfortunately, for michael douglas' character, "pete garrison," they think he's the mole but he isn't. he's just a morally-flawed agent having an affair with the first lady! since he's doing that, he's unable to give an acceptable polygraph exam and that makes him suspect number one when it's revealed there is a plot to kill the president."garrison" is forced to go on the lam but at the same time he's still trying to do the right thing by protecting the president. douglas does a fine job in this role. i don't always care the people he plays but he's an excellent actor. keifer sutherland ("david breckinridge") is equally as good (at least in here) as the fellow ss boss who hunts down douglas until convinced he has been telling the truth. when he does the two of them work together in the finale to discover and then stop, if they can, the plot. the crooks are interesting, too, by the way. also, i have never - and never will, unfortunately - see a first lady who looks as good as kim basingerthis is simply a slick action flick that entertains start-to-finish. are there holes in it? of course; probably a number of them, and a reason you see so many critical comments. however, it is unfairly bashed here. it just isn't intelligent enough for the geniuses here on this website. my advice: chill, just go along for the ride and enjoy all the action and intrigue. yes, it gets a little rambo-ish at the end but otherwise it gets high marks for entertainment.....which is what movies are all about.

at first glance, this film looks like the keifer sutherland series 24 for the big screen. with the focus on a plot to assassinate the president of the united states, a race against time, and plenty of secret service agents, the agency under the spotlight in the sentinel.but wait, the protagonist turns out to be michael douglas' character pete garrison instead, a veteran secret service agent famed for taking the bullet for reagan in 1981. the ss agents are specially trained to "take the bullet", which is what makes them special - who in the right mind will put themselves in the line of a bullet and a target? but garrison gets implicated in the assassination plot, and has to run for his life while at the same time doing his bit of investigations into the plot. all this because of his failure in a polygraph test, due to his adulterous banging of the first lady (kim basinger). tsk.there are shades of clint eastwood's in the line of fire. both featured aging actors, and aging veteran has-been heroes with a bit of a historical reference, who took the bullet in their respective tours of duty. while eastwood's movie has a more enigmatic villain in john malkovich, the sentinel suffered from its lack of a central strong villain, preferring to share the assassination responsibility amongst many forgettable ex-kgb villains, and the mole within the presidential detail. with douglas on the run from the law, he becomes similar to dr. richard kimble of the fugitive, hunting the proverbial one-armed man while at the same time, relying on his smarts to outwit fellow agents, which turned out to be quite interesting to watch - despite slick processes, it still boils down to the performance and gullibility of individual agents.keifer sutherland and eva longoria, top tv stars of today from 24 and desperate housewives, get relegated into support roles as the secret service investigators who are looking into garrison's probable involvement in the assassination plot, and at times seem to have lept off the pages of csi with their forensics skills. the beautiful couple had chemistry that could have resembled x-files' fox mulder and dana scully, but alas these two had very little to do here. we know the reason why they're in the movie, and that is to get their fans into the theatres. also, longoria's role seemed unable to shake off her sexy-mama gabrielle, and here, has her in fairly low cut blouses (sutherland actually tells her to cover up) and tight pants (ogle-fest for fellow agents).nonetheless, it's still a pretty interesting look into the lives of probably the most highly charged and tense protection detail in the world, and the typical threats that they face daily, including the following up on every nutcase's threat on the life of the most powerful man in the world. it's a decent suspense and investigative thriller, with enough subplots to keep you entertained. but one thing though, like most ending action sequences, this one has a big enough loophole for you to fly a jumbo jet through.

it's been 19 years since gordon gekko used "wall street" to let us know that greed is good. now, michael douglas takes the gg persona and morphs it into a secret service agent, pete garrison. guess what? it works! this is a solid political thriller that kept me guessing. the detail work in showing the security precautions taken by the ss on behalf of the president and first lady was likewise intriguing. all the leads were pretty good but, try as i might, i could not accept eva longoria as a secret service agent. whereas jodie foster just made you suspend belief and really think she was fbi agent starling in "silence of the lambs", you do not get the same feeling with longoria. nevertheless, this is a fun film, escapist entertainment with the beltway as the backdrop.

audiard made here a very interesting movie. it begins with the description of an almost-deaf young woman, in its working universe as a secretary; she is ignored, frustrated, rejected... hiring an intern as an assistant appears to be a way for her to find someone in her life : but the guy is just coming out from jail. their both being rejected by the society reunites them progressively. characters'description is profund, goes into details...both start to help each other; for she can read on lips, which reveals itself to be very useful for him...she will progressively evolve, far from what she was at first.it's beautifully filmed; the whole is very convincing, even if it turns into a film noir at the end. gesture is in particular beautifully observed in audiard's filming. emmanuelle devos should be nominated at the best actess cesar awards for her magistral play. action towards the end of the film prevents it from being a simple "etude de moeurs". it's actually surprisingly entertaining : 8/10.

there was some hesitation from my part about what this movie had to offer. for starters, the casting didn't seem right. kiefer sutherland had already done very well in "24" and the preview didn't seem to offer anything challenging to him or the audience. eva longoria appeared out of place, and the rest didn't seem very interesting.when the film finally ended, i was not completely displeased for i had seen a decent thriller that could have been much better, had the responsible parties taken a little more care to watch for the narrative gaps and given a little more care to character development. we have seen threats of this type before, and that made the main conflict much more challenging to the writers. as an audience, we don't want to sit through the same old story again. we want to see something different, be thrilled and entertained.there is nothing wrong with the casting. from kim basinger's delicious first lady. she carries herself with enough grace and sex appeal to make the part memorable. michael douglas has been and done that before. unfortunately, the president is much of a non entity to even care about his fate. sutherland rehashes his "24" tough guy approach with enough power to make it big enough for the big screen, and eva does a passable job, as the newcomer.don't expect as many twists and fireworks as some of the established classics ("north by northwest" and "the fugitive" come to mind). leave your expectations outside and enjoy the ride for whatever it might be. it's o.k.

what can you say when you see a good french movie which tries to draw a suspenseful story in line with the social background of the characters? the major point is we believe in those characters and once they've met each other we want them to stay together. it's simple and really efficient. the background story is less important. why does the screenplay go on the side of a half-developed thriller? it helps not to get stuck in those social demonstrations most french film-jerkers like to make. not too much ambition, right: sur mes lèvres is only an entertaining french film with good characterization.for all the clever noir points in the screenplay the end is by far too easy. it goes quite as easy as in rear window (an obvious reference and definitely not a noir film) but with a less compelling context. where i am amazed it's to see that the character of the probation officer has not been erased. he brings very little to the story; when he appears alone we wonder if we've not missed a part before. jacques audiard is not a new-comer yet. strange and weird.

carla is a secretary who is essentially deaf without her hearing aids. when she finds herself overloaded at work, she is able to hire paul to help her out. paul is just out of jail, and his past is not entirely behind him. to say too much more about the story, which has many twists, would be a mistake.the most interesting thing about this film for me is how sound is used to indicate when carla can hear and when she can't -- a sort of "point of hear" (like point of view). the early scenes that set this up, as well as the early character development of carla and paul, was more interesting to me than the twists and turns later on, some of which were hard to follow and/or stretched credibility a bit. there is also some unpleasant violence. back to the positive side, the cinematography was very good.the film is worth seeing, but perhaps not seeking out. seen at the san francisco international film festival on 4/28/2002.

i was totally engrossed in this film from the first to last minute. it is brilliantly shot, with lots of interesting and original camera angles and techniques employed. the plot surrounds a deaf woman who is picked on by friends and colleagues alike. she hires an assistant at work, with her true intention being to find love. he's an ex-con and she takes advantage of him to wreak revenge on those who have hurt her. in return she must help him with a heist that requires her lip reading skills to pull it off. the film transcends into a dark film noir, with a couple of truly excellent scenes, and an even better finale. the real beauty in this film comes from the way the director takes advantage of the leading character's disability. the use of sound keeps the tension consistent, and the dramatic shifts from silence to noise keeps the blood pumping, that's for sure. throw in a little black comedy and undertones of erotic sexual repression you've got the makings of a great film. it's the sort of film hollywood really wants to make, but just can't.

"kalifornia" is a good hollywoodish odyssey of suspense and terror which tells of two couples who drive cross-country to california to share the cost of gas: a pair of losers (lewis & pitt) and two wannabee artists, a photographer and a writer (duchovny & forbes). pitt "nails" his character which is the focus of this somewhat predictable thriller. a good watch for those into psycho-killer flix.

so-so thriller starring brad pitt and juliette lewis, who join david duchovny and michelle forbes on a road trip out west. the latter couple are researching notorious murder sites for an upcoming book; pitt's a serial killer on the lam (unbeknownst to dave) and juliette is his poor, not-all-there companion. this is a good cast and the story moves along, but pitt isn't belivably scary as a serial killer, although it is one of his better earlier roles. the best thing is here is michelle forbes, who always manages to shine, whether in her roles on `homicide: life on the street' or in the brief series `wonderland.'vote: 6

"kalifornia"is a great film that makes us look at ourselves.the film has a great cast,brad pitt(johnny suede,a river runs through it,and the legends of the fall)as early grayce,david duchovny(the x files)as brian kessler,michelle forbes(star trek:the next generation,homicide:life on the street,and escape from l.a.)as carrie loughlin,brian's girlfriend,and juliette lewis(natural born killers,cape fear,and what's eating gilbert grape)as adele corners,early's girlfriend.brian kessler is a writer who is a liberal,is getting ready to write a book about serial killers.brian and his girlfriend,carrie decide they want to move to california,so brian places an ad at the college for some who wants to go to california,to share expenses on the trip.early grayce is an ex con and sociopath on parole,who recently lost his job at the mirror factory in town,is in debt,owes his landlord money.early's parole officer stops to visit him and tells him about a job.early goes to the college and sees the ad,he later tells adele,his girlfriend about leaving to go to california.early and adele meet brian and carrie at the bus stop and leave town.brian and carrie do not know that he is a killer who just killed his landlord.for a little while brian and carrie thought of early and adele different but got to know them and become sort of friends,carrie and adele become real good friends.their journey is a very learning one.though brain and carrie not knowing early is a killer till later on in the movie.the question brian asks in this film about the difference between killers and us is a very good question.early grayce is a sociopath who doesn't see the error of his ways,goes down hill later on and pays the price.this film is a great movie,i give it 10/10 stars and 2 thumbs up.i love the songs in the movie,especially at the end of the film,the song"look up to the sky"by the indians.

david duchovny and michelle forbes play a young journalist couple who want to go to california, but can't really afford to, so they 'ride share" with another young couple (brad pitt and juliette lewis) to save on expenses. the idea is for them to stop at various murder sites along the way, sites where serial killers did their thing, since brian (duchovny) is a writer and carrie (forbes) is his photographer. what they don't know is that pitt (earley) and lewis are serial killer and girlfriend who just goes along with whatever he says. i don't care for pitt as a rule but he does justice to psycho roles. the scary thing is that he does them so well; i've actually known people like him before, no, not killers, but with pretty much the same mindset. anyway, as the road trip goes along, carrie guesses that the others are about out of money, but earley seems to always come up with the cash somehow....never mind that he leaves someone dead here and there to do it though. lewis does her role well, one that she excels at, a not-too-bright waif that has a good heart but doesn't understand that she doesn't have to put up with being beaten up by earley when she does something he doesn't like. as things begin to get more unacceptable carrie insists that the other couple be put out at a gas station, and unfortunately it's at that point where she's inside that she sees a news bulletin that tells her exactly who they've been ride-sharing with, after which things go downhill for them at a rapid clip. this is not the greatest flick in the world, but it's not bad...i watched what was supposed to be the 'unrated' version but i wonder how much was cut out of the rated version, because this seemed fairly tame to me, really...not that this makes it family fare or anything, unless it's maybe the manson family. 7 out of 10.

i have to start off by apologizing because i thought the first 75-80% of this film was hilarious. it's mostly because of brad pitt's performance. spot on.the acting by all involved was quite good but brad stole the movie. the atmosphere was perfect in all respects. i'm not a giant pitt fan but this has got to be one of his best roles ever.brutal,honest,gritty. all good words to describe this movie.i was reading a previous review and the person said that the reasoning behind early's violence isn't explained. it is explained but they thankfully don't have to go into graphic detail to get their point across.overall i gave this a 9 because every scene bar 1 or 2 was effective. i think the humor in the first half or so is perfect for this movie. underrated.

surely one the french films of the decade so far, a taut, atmospheric thriller making full use of the lead characters hearing impediment to use sound in a way rarely explored in cinema. emannuelle devos gives a truly stunning , multi-faceted performance, at times devious and manipulative, at other times open and vulnerable. another reason why those who appreciate quality cinema should keep their eyes open for offerings from france.

this movie is great! brad pitt will never be able to out act the performance he gave in this movie. duchovny was top notch, as was forbes and lewis. the 4 main characters embark on a scenic road tour of historic murder sites, in one of the coolest cars ever made, 1960's model lincoln continental. early grace is a simpleton with a taste for dry toothbrushes and carnage. he likes his women to not curse or smoke, and wear pwt dresses. duchovny and forbes are a pair of artists from the city, while early and lewis are trailer parkers from the rural outskirts. even though the majority tone in the film is dark, there are plenty of funny scenes to be had. the writing, directing, and acting are brilliant. if you like road movies, murder, humor, and narration, watch this film. everyone delivers, and you will want more when the credits roll. one of my all time favorites. "hey...shave that dog n teach it to hunt!"

i can't say too much about kalifornia as sadly i have yet to actually see the whole thing (i've only managed to see it in bits and pieces on fuse.) but what i have seen is absolutely awesome! i am a fan of brad pitt but i admit not all his earlier movies are well good. but this role, i just, his acting is great, his character early seems so normal well okay creepy, dark weird but you know normal for a hillbilly of that type i guess. and juliette lewis's performance although i can see how some may be annoyed by it i think it's amazing. sadly i have yet to see the end, but from reading other reviews on here it sounds good, but disappointing. i have to admit that i wish david duchovany's (sorry if the spelling on that is incorrect) was a bit flat but for him it was okay. his wife's character was better, and i thought her performance while not the best in the movie was pretty good, a portrait of the avant-gard/older sister type. particularly the scene where early and brian go to play pool, and adele and carrie are having their one on one time together. i've watched that scene at least twice now and i still think the acting in it is just wonderful. one because of the emotion that adele portrays after talking about being raped by the three guys and how she feels about early and carrie's reaction to it. everything about that i think is just so perfect. i mean, maybe it's because i can relate a bit, i'm not sure. as for brad pitt who plays the serial killer that we actually get to see for once; i thought he was great. some movies with pitt that i've seen were just average or not worth seeing. i don't think i've ever seen a terrible pitt movie or if i have it's not because of his acting it's other factors. this movie was not one of them. he turned out a great performance in kalifornia. i swear i'm not just some random i do like him for his acting not just because he's good looking, i mean his character in this movie isn't exactly handsome or cute by any means! pitt is dark, brooding and downright scary at times. yet he's also cheerful, funny, nice, and even loving towards adele. granted there are some spots that made me want to reach through the tv and strangle him but that's probably just me (and the character pitt played in the movie.) but it also shows how good pitt's acting was in this movie it made me forget that he was playing a character, that is what good acting is supposed to do. at any rate i wish i could say more, but that's all i can really say without having seen the ending, i have seen most of the movie through what i've caught on fuse and as i'm writing this i'm taping it on dvr so hopefully i can write a more complete review later. i just wanted to share my thoughts on a movie that i thought was something really cool and something that seems to have gotten overlooked (it shouldn't have!)

a surprisingly effective thriller, this.david duchovny and michelle 'ensign ro' forbes are a successful, professional couple, he a writer, she a photographer. forbes is desperate to move to california and, in an act of compromise, mulder agrees to the move on the condition that, along the way, they visit sites of historical interest concerning famous serial killers. his idea: he writes the words, she takes the pictures, with the end result a bestselling coffee table book that will set them up for life. to help finance the trip, they decide to car share and advertise the fact. as their bad luck would have it brad pitt sees the advert and, shortly after killing his landlord, he and his girlfriend, juliette lewis, meet the writer couple and begin their cross country trek. inevitably, mischief ensues.pitt is outstanding as the genuinely chill inspiring early grayce and is capably backed up by lewis playing her customary white trash character that seems to be her default setting. duchovny and forbes make for a convincing double act too and, as events spiral out of control, you as the viewer are sucked into their plight and can feel the tension ratcheting.intelligent, sinister and beautifully shot, this deserves recognition beyond its current status. a top movie.

this was one scary movie.brad pitt deserved an oscar for this.a traveling novelist (played by david duchovny of the x-files fame) and his girlfriend pick up two hitch-hikers(juliette lewis and brad pitt) on their way to california. on their way they stop at infamous serial killer murder scenes to photography the scenes for an upcoming book duchovny's character is working on, little do they know that the most disturbed serial killer in the history of the country is sitting right next to them in the same car.

**** = a masterpiece to be recorded in the books and never forgotten***1/2 = a classic in time; simply a must see*** = a solid, worth-while, very entertaining piece**1/2 = a good movie, but there are some uneven elements or noticeable flaws** = may still be considered good in areas, but this work has either serious issues or is restrained by inevitable elements deemed inescapable (e.g., genre)*1/2 = mostly a heap of nothing sparked by mildly worthwhile momentsbomb = not of a viewable quality- kalifornia = ***- unrated (for strong violent material, considerable sexuality, and language)i rented this film expecting an in-your-face summer-blockbuster-quality celebration of brad pitt's face, but was happily surprised and disappointed. this really is more of a drama, and very grim at that... i remember some emotionally intense duchovny voice-overs.pitt plays out his possibly un-sexiest film ever with startling talent. who started out as a hopeless yet harmless "white trash" husband became realized as a violent, disturbing alcoholic with a messed mind. during some of the latter stages in the film, i found it hard to keep watching him - he was unpredictable and scary. this proves very good writing and acting.the whole movie is filled with bizarre, sensational scenes that made me hold my breath not fewer than once, and i don't mean action scenes. i mean dialogue scenes so brilliantly crafted i actually winced and gasped at what i was seeing. it was like watching a rhino and a lion put in a cage and watching as they gnawed each other to death. again, i am very impressed with the screenwriter(s); whoever they are did the impossible: mixed oil and water.i also very much enjoyed juliette lewis's performance. it is so rare for this talented young actress to make an appearance these days that when she does it is such a joy. some of her moments in this film brought me to tears. i mean that. the emotions this girl can arouse in your head are incredible, and i clearly remember getting blurry-eyed on a few occasions.i almost feel like i'm cheating the quality craftsmanship the film makers have displayed by only giving "kalifornia" a *** rating. but the dark feelings that it stirs are too potent and depressing to raise it. i do believe that everyone should see this movie though. i truly do.

i had seen this film many years ago and it had made a lasting impression on me. alas, i have hardened to many films over the years and did not expect to be impressed by 'kalifornia' upon watching again recently. i am pleased to say that it is every bit as unnerving and watchable as it was ten or so years ago.there are two things which really give this movie its power. the first is its cast. we have a staggeringly disturbing turn by a young brad pitt as early grace. knowing pitt, as we all do, as one of the most enduring heart-throbs hollywood has ever had, it is refreshing to see him play such a vile, unattractive character. pitt pulls the show off without resorting to white-trash cliché or parody, and manages to remain genuinely terrifying throughout the movie.juliette lewis is equally impressive as grace's tragic girlfriend, playing the character like a ten year old girl with a forty year old's life experience. lewis manages to evoke pity (for her character's station in life) as well as contempt (for her naivety), but she underpins her performance with the kind of subtlety rarely seen by an actor so young. personally, i think it's a tragedy that neither pitt nor lewis were nominated for any awards for their performances here.david duchovony and michelle forbes are both perfectly cast as the yuppy couple who unwittingly end up travelling across the us with pitt and lewis. duchovony is aptly geeky and naive, and forbes seems emphatically cynical and shut-off, but both actors manage to convincingly portray their characters' changes as they are equally intrigued, repulsed and strangely attracted to pitt.the fine casting and uniformly brilliant acting aside, this film really grabs us by the proverbial balls through its flawless pacing. at the time 'kalifornia' was released, hollywood was releasing a slew of nice-character-turns-out-to-be-psychotic movies ('single white female', 'pacific heights', 'the hand that rocks the cradle', 'deceived', 'sleeping with the enemy' etc). most of these movies followed the same formula, the only variation being the nature of the relationship between good guy and bad guy. 'kalifornia' doesn't really stray too far from this territory, but its first two acts are the perfect example of the slow-boil thriller, and we are kept on the very edge of our seats waiting for the tide to turn.when the penny does drop, and pitt is let loose to play the maniacal bad guy, the film shifts gears completely and the last twenty minutes don't quite live up to rest of the movie. that said, the action is thick and fast and the resolution is suitable cold. the fight is over, but the scars will always be there.much of the narration (provided by a somewhat whiny, pre x-files duchovony) is a tad contrived. of course, it's meant to be from the book the duchovony's journalist character has written, so one could argue that the self-conscious narration is meant to be a nod to the kind of sensationalised style in which most journalists write.the film is largely a success and is certainly a cut above 90% of the thrillers of the past twenty years. highly recommended, but not for the weak of stomach or mind. this film is disturbing on more than one level. but then, it's meant to be.

in 1990 brad pitt and juiliette lewis did a tv too young to die where both played the almost the same kind of parts that they do in kalifornia. i have no doubt that is what led to their casting in this big screen film.kalifornia finds aspiring writer david duchovny and his girl friend, art photographer michelle forbes on a rocky relationship of sorts due to duchovny's obsession with writing a book and getting in the minds and souls of serial killers. in fact he's got a most unusual odyssey planned, he wants to go cross country and visit the sites of several famous serial killers. but he and forbes are flat broke.fate intervenes in more ways than financial with the arrival of brad pitt and juliette lewis a pair of strange southern types who agree to split the cost of gas on this cross country trip. it turns out pitt is a serial killer himself and he decides to do a little research on his own, delving into the mind of someone who is fascinated with amorality.kalifornia is not the type of film i usually go for, but in fact the acting ability and charisma of brad pitt make it work to a large degree. pitt is the walking definition of an inbred gothic refugee from deliverance. but better than he is is juliette lewis who once again is playing these low self esteem types which she seems to do well. watch her scene with forbes as she does her hair and lewis describes her sad and pathetic life. lewis's dialog and forbes's reactions ought to be shown in acting classes around the country.for those who like their slasher flicks, they don't come better than kalifornia.

if this is supposed to be a portrayal of the american serial killer, it comes across as decidedly average.a journalist [duchovny] travels across country to california to document america's most famous murderers, unaware that one of his white trailer trash travelling companions [pitt] is a serial killer himself.rather predictable throughout, this has its moments of action and pitt and lewis portray their roles well, but i'd not bother to see it again.

kalifornia is a movie about lost ideals. a journey on the darkest road ever. the road of no return. the plot is about a couple that set out to find a better life in california. the man (david duchovny in his best role up to now) wants to write a book about the famous crimes that have happened in america and his girl - who is a photographer - is going to take the pictures. so they set out on a trail of famous murders not knowing what awaits them on the way. to share the journey expenses they decide to find another couple and they put an ad. but the couple that answers it is not just any couple. it is one of the strangest couples ever. the girl is a naive, frail creature that dreams a lot and loves cactuses. the man is exactly the opposite. a cruel ruthless murderer. we learn that early in the film and we follow him along the journey to kalifornia (not with c as usual, but with k, presumably symbolizing the word killer), along his journey of betrayal, murder and finally defeat. all the leads, duchovny, pitt, lewis and forbes give really good performances and you have to take into consideration that when this movie was filmed not even one of them was a star. the photography is amazing, with darkness covering the greatest parts of the movie, and the music suits the dark character of the film. on the whole this is a really good movie. don't miss it. you'll think again before taking some stranger in your car to share the gas with!

i bought this a while ago but somehow neglected to watch it until last night. i do like juliette lewis although i'm indifferent to brad pitt. after this viewing i have to admit he's a perfectly fine actor - his character was entirely believable, and i didn't think "brad pitt" at all.unfortunately i can't say the same for david duchovny. i'm an x-files fan and i had to look twice to confirm the date of this movie, as i'd thought it was made a few years later. i like duchovny but found his character a little two-dimensional here, except where he's doing voice-overs. that part was strong, seemed in character, good intonation, etc. otherwise i kept thinking "agent mulder", which is a pity.michelle forbes was a treat. why haven't i noticed her before? (i'll be looking up to see what other roles she's done and seeing those asap) i am slightly concerned about stereotyping re lewis, this film, and "natural born killers" (a firm favourite). interesting though to see a contrast of characters - in nbk she's a willing accomplice, whereas here she abhors the violence and tries very hard not to acknowledge early's dark side until it's thrust in her face.i enjoyed this film almost unreservedly. apart from duchovny's character not seeming fully-formed (and perhaps being "washed out" somewhat by pitt's), it was perfect. i was also pleased with the ending - glad that the innocent heroes did not die, yet they had to suffer first. it was realistic, tense, disturbing.if you like nbk you may well like this movie, and vice-versa.

vincent cassel plays the part of paul, an ex-con assigned to an office job where he meets carla, a secretary who is ‘quite deaf', when she has her hearing aids in ‘very deaf‘ when not (played by emmanuelle devos). together they help each other to develop as people.what was particularly interesting about this film was the complexity of the characters – not fitting into obvious stereotypes. paul appears uneasy in the office environment, is it that he's just not cut out for work? this belief is dispelled when he gets a job in a bar and shines.the film has a certain amorality which i find refreshing and showed how easy is to act criminally, even if we think it is harmless or justified.finally, it is a film full of great ‘moments' both touching and humorous. one is when carla is babysitting and is trying to comfort a screaming baby. she continues to cuddle it – but takes her hearing aids out for her own comfort.

kalifornia is the story of a writer and his girlfriend photographer who are looking for someone to help pay gas money and take turns at the wheel for a cross country road trip to famous murder sights. ironically a serial killer and his girlfriend answer the post. kalifornia is a diamond in the rough and a very intriguing journey with a serial killer. great performances all around by the leads with pitt in particular being exceptional. check it out!!

kalifornia came out in 1993, just as 3 of the 4 lead characters were up and coming to the levels of fame they now possess in 2006. this is a nice psycho-thriller that should appeal to all david duchovny fans because of his dry and intelligent narratives that find their ways into his work, like with most of his episodes of the x-files, playing god, and red shoe diaries.people who were put off by the heavy southern accent from brad pitt and juliette lewis' characters obviously have never spent much time in the south. for every "brian and carrie" in the south, there is an "adele and early" and in 2006, that's the real horror of this flick.aside from that, i think the film was written with a cult film intention - like with carrie's photography, it's not suitable for mass consumption. but if you have a copy of this in your personal library, i think it says something positive about your tastes for freaky movies.

i had seen 'kalifornia' before (must be about 10 years ago) and i still remember to be very impressed by it. that's why i wanted to see it again and all i can say is that it still hasn't lost its power, even though i'm used to a lot more when it comes to movies than that i was ten years ago.'kalifornia' tells the tale of the writer brian kessler and his girlfriend carrie laughlin, a photographer, who want to move to california. but instead of stepping on a plain and flying right to the state where they say it never rains, they choose to make a trip by car. he wants to write a book about america's most famous serial killers and she will make the matching pictures. but because their car uses an enormous amount of petrol, they decide to take another couple with them, so they can spread the costs of the trip. only one couple has answered the add, so they will automatically be the lucky ones. but they haven't met each other yet and when seeing the other couple for the first time, when their trip has already started, carrie is shocked. without wanting to be prejudiced, she can only conclude that early grayce and adele corners are poor white trailer park trash. she definitely doesn't want them in her car, but brian doesn't really mind to take them with them and decides to stop and pick them up anyway. at first the couple doesn't seem to be that bad after all, but gradually early grayce changes from a trashy hillbilly into a remorseless murderer...not only is the story very impressive, so is the acting from our four leads. brad pitt is incredible as early grayce. his performance in this movie may well be his best ever. the same for juliette lewis. she plays the childish and naive girlfriend that doesn't want to hear a bad word about her early and does that really very well. but david duchovny and michelle forbes are a surprise as well. they both did a very good job and i really wonder why we never heard anything from forbes again since this movie, because she really proves to have a lot of talent.overall this is a very good and impressive psychological thriller with a very powerful story, but because of the graphic violence, i can imagine that it may not be to everybody's taste (although i don't really see another way how to portray a serial killer in a believable way). personally i really liked this movie a lot and the violence never bothered me (it's a part of the story that's too important to be left out). i reward this movie with an 8/10.

i just got done watching "kalifornia" on showtime for the fourth time since i first saw it back in july of 2001. you would think that with the recent wave of serial killer films, that "kalifornia" would be amongst some of the earlier films worthy of mention but hasn't. perhaps if this film had been released sometime between like 1996-1999, maybe it might have been more successful. in my opinion, "kalifornia" is much different from most serial killer films released during the late 1990s. it has an almost completely different atmosphere from most of today's serial killer films like "seven" or "the bone collector". many serial killer films have shown a killer but that person is always behind a mask or we never see enough of them to actually learn anything about them. "kalifornia" is a film that actually tries to break through that barrier and actually understand the criminal mind. it tries to answer questions like "why do they do the things they do? is it because of something that happened in their past? does it make them feel superior or powerful? or do they do it because they like the thrill of the kill?" these are some of the things that "kalifornia" tries to answer but also leaves room for us to try and figure things out for ourselves. brad pitt makes an everlasting impression as early grayce. when we first meet early in the beginning of the film, we see that he is obviously one disturbed individual. when we first see him, it's late at night. early is possibly drunk. we then see him pick up a rock, throw it off a bridge, and it later lands on the windshield of a passing car. pitt is fierce in this film. it is always good to see him when he plays psychos or really bad people. it's funny that this would later lead him play a true loon like in "12 monkeys" and that he would be on the other end of the spectrum in david fincher's "seven".

it's amazing that so many people that i know haven't seen this little gem. everybody i have turned on to it have come back with the same reaction: what a great movie!!i've never much cared for brad pitt (though his turns in 12 monkeys and fight club show improvement) but his performance in this film as a psycho is unnerving, dark and right on target.everyone else in the film gives excellent performances and the movie's slow and deliberate pacing greatly enhance the proceedings. the sense of dread for the characters keeps increasing as they come to realize what has been really happening.the only thing that keeps this from a 10 in my book, is that compared to what came before it, the ending is a bit too long and overblown. but that's the only flaw i could find in this cult classic.if you check this film out, try to get the letterboxed unrated director's cut for the best viewing option.rating:9

"kalifornia" is one of my all-time favourite movies, and it easily could be labeled as one of the best psychological thrillers of the 90`s. the film has a very stylish surface to it, but behind that are a lot of disturbing and honest depictions of homicidal maniacs and the terrifyng violence they inflict upon others. one of the film`s strongest aspects is it`s performances, brad pitt is startlingly great as a trailer-trash psycho named early. pitt potrays his frightening character almost flawlessly. juliette lewis is equally as good playing his naive girlfriend, her innocence is almost heart-breaking. "kalifornia" has a very simple plot to it, that goes steadily and slowly forward for about an hour, but it suddenly plunges into a harrowing spree of murder, as pitt unleashes his psychotic personality. there are alot of shocking scenes, and it all mounts to a power-house climax that will haunt you for days. "kalifonia" is a film that should really be watched for it`s intense look at how monstrous a human being can be, and not only for it`s violence and gore.

in the same vein as natural born killers, another movie that was not so popular with critics because of its excessive violence but that i also loved, kalifornia is a movie that clearly glamorizes violence, but i like to think that it turns that around in the final act. kind of like how the basketball diaries glamorizes drugs at first, but shows the bad side by the end of the movie, which is far worse than the good side is good. david duchovny plays brian kessler, an artistic yuppie with an even more artistically yuppie girlfriend, who is into that violent sexy black and white photography generally reserved for, i don't know where, places where nudity passes for art. maybe it really does and i just don't understand it. at any rate, brian and carrie (duchovny and michelle forbes, who fits the role flawlessly), make the perfect couple to go on a documentary tour of famous murder sites. brian, the writer, will write the book, carrie can take the pictures.being artistic types, brian and carrie are not quite financially prepared for such a trip, so they put out an ad for someone to share gas and travel expenses, and are contacted by early grace and adele corners (brad pitt and juliette lewis). early is on parole and assigned to janitorial work at the local university by his parole officer, sees the ad on a bulletin board, and decides to leave the state for a while, violating his parole but also leaving the scene of his landlord's murder so he won't have to deal with a pesky murder investigation. two birds with one stone, you know.the movie has a curious ability to portray two stereotypes, the artsy yuppies and the greasy trailer trash, without resorting to clichés or even ending up with caricatures of either type. brian and carrie are artsy liberals, but while carrie catches on to early and adele, brian is fascinated with early's status as an outlaw, as seen in the scene where brian shoots early's gun. never having fired a gun before, he's as fascinated as a little kid. while adele and carrie are back at a hotel and adele reveals such things in her childlike way as the fact that early "broke her" of smoking and that she's not allowed to drink (early doesn't think women should), early and brian are out at the local bar. brian reacts nervously to a drunk trying to start a fight with him, and early first gives advice to brian on what to do and then steps in and dishes out a quick lesson for the guy. "hit him, bri, it's comin'." this is one of my favorite scenes in the movie, partly because it's so funny what early gleefully says as the guy's friends drag him away, bloodied and battered, but also because as it is intercut with the girls back at the hotel, we learn so much all at once about the two couples, their differences, and the conflicts that are likely to come up because of them. and besides that, because brian benefited from early's actions and carrie is appalled by what she hears from adele, it also illustrates the different way that carrie and brian react to early and adele.clearly, by now, you can tell that this is not your typical odd couple type of thriller, where the city folk run into the country folk and all sorts of stereotypical mayhem ensues. on one hand it seems a little too convenient that brian and carrie go on a tour of murder sites and just happen to be accompanied by a real life murderer, but on the other hand it's a great way to counteract the glorifying of murder that is inherent within a cross-country trip designed to bring fame to murderers and their crimes. while studying the actions of past murderers, brian and carrie ultimately find themselves face to face with the very material that they are studying, and realize that murder is not as pretty or morbidly fascinating when it's in your face as it is through disconnected studies of murders past.i am constantly amazed at brad pitt's versatility as an actor. consider, for example, his roles in movies like kalifornia, 12 monkeys, fight club, and ocean's 11 and 12. pitt is like tom hanks in that he can change his appearance drastically or just enough to fit a given character, and is completely believable. incidentally, i tried in vain to be early grace for halloween this year, but just couldn't get the hair and beard right. i even got the hat right, which initially i thought would be the hardest part.it's easy to understand why a lot of people disliked kalifornia or why they think that it glorifies violence and murder, but i think that whatever glorifying it does is done with the intention of clarifying the audience's understanding of its subject matter. a film that didn't glorify violence, at least initially, could never be as effective as kalifornia, but the movie structures it perfectly. the glorification is all embodied in brian's and carrie's fascination with the idea of murder and the auras of the places in which is happened, but their realization, and ours, is embodied in the real thing, which they encounter with early and adele. the movie's very purpose is to describe that difference between idealizing violence and seeing the horror of it up close and for real.

it's amazing that so many people that i know haven't seen this little gem. everybody i have turned on to it have come back with the same reaction: what a great movie!!i've never much cared for brad pitt (though his turns in 12 monkeys and fight club show improvement) but his performance in this film as a psycho is unnerving, dark and right on target.everyone else in the film gives excellent performances and the movie's slow and deliberate pacing greatly enhance the proceedings. the sense of dread for the characters keeps increasing as they come to realize what has been really happening.the only thing that keeps this from a 10 in my book, is that compared to what came before it, the ending is a bit too long and overblown. but that's the only flaw i could find in this cult classic.if you check this film out, try to get the letterboxed unrated director's cut for the best viewing option.rating:9

it's a road movie, with a killer on-board. brian kessler (david duchovny), a sophisticated, urbane writer, wants to conduct field research on american serial killers. but, neither he, nor his girlfriend, carrie (michelle forbes), has the money for a cross-country tour of murder sites, so they advertise for someone to share travel expenses. who they end up with is a young couple, early grayce (brad pitt) and his girlfriend, adele (juliette lewis), two better examples of "poor white trash" you will never find in all of cinema.indeed, early and adele are what make this film so entertaining, as they babble, cackle, confide, muse, speculate, drool, and otherwise behave in ways i haven't seen since reruns of "the beverly hillbillies". early's idea of california: "people think faster out there, on account of all that warm weather; cold weather makes people stupid". that's enough to convince adele: "i guess that explains why there are so many stupid people around here". to which early responds proudly: "it sure does". early continues to instruct adele about california: "you never have to buy no fruit, on account it's all on the trees ... and they ain't got no speed limits, and i hear your first month's rent is free, state law".but poor early has some, well, mental problems, which become ever more obvious to brian and carrie as the four travelers proceed west across the u.s. as they enter the desert southwest, with its beautifully stark landscape, "kalifornia" starts to look more and more like "the hitcher" (1986), and early starts to act more and more like john ryder, everyone's maniacal hitchhiker, whose terror seemed so unstoppable.in "kalifornia", the acting is uneven. duchovny's performance is flat. brad pitt is surprisingly effective, despite his overacting at times. michelle forbes is great as the avant-garde, photographic artist. but my choice for best performance goes to juliette lewis. with her nasal voice and heavy-duty southern accent, she is stunning, as the naive, highly animated, child-like adele.toward the end, the film takes on a twilight zone feel to it, as our travelers enter a nevada nuclear test site with a dilapidated old house full of test mannequins. the plot dissolves rather messily into unnecessary and preposterous violence, an ending that was somewhat disappointing.overall, however, "kalifornia" is an entertaining film, thanks to a clever concept, great scenery, especially in the second half, good cinematography, great dialogue, and that wonderful performance by juliette lewis.

put yourself into carla's shoes. she is an overworked, unappreciated administrative drudge who is invisible. you know her: she's trained three of her last three bosses, knows where all of the bodies are buried and might even look back at you in the mirror when you brush your teeth. always having time for another thankless task and does it better than most despite a serious disability, she has the desk on the way to the restroom that becomes the repository of half-finished cups of coffee begging to be spilled. what? you don't want to hear it? well, she can't and neither can you until your hearing aid is in place. prepare to experience life from the perspective of the hearing impaired.carla (emmanuelle devos) needs a change in her life. work is leading nowhere; friends are relying on her to meet their domestic needs and the only way out starts with a collapse that goes virtually unnoticed. she won't take a vacation - a contract is going critical - so the only alternative is to hire an assistant. carla submits requirements that convey her real needs: a 'well-groomed' man. this brings an applicant for approval that reminds us that we should be careful with our wishes. paul (vincent cassell) does everything wrong from the start of his job interview and his getting hired clearly demonstrates carla's interest in his non-job-related qualities. she sees potential in this former thief and as the story unfolds, their relationship grows in a very unusual pattern of co-dependence. paul has a difficult transition returning to the world outside of prison walls and finds himself in another sort of prison: one of the office variety and another of indentured servitude to pay off an old debt. his skills as a thief help carla win a political battle in the office. but paul sees a grander opportunity with carla's skill in lip reading and draws her even further into a world of intrigue.this is a brutal film noir unrated and probably suitable for older teens. carla grows more powerful, professionally as well as personally, as the story progresses and her disability gives her clear advantages over the rest of us. she grows as a woman discovering her sensual side while she uses her resources to overcome the obstacles of competing in a man's world.the two main characters are meant for each other, in a strange way. without paul, carla will remain in her role of a doormat. she has our sympathy, hopes and best wishes even if she doesn't make the best decisions along the way. you will hear the world through carla's ears, from awkward adjustments of your hearing aid, muffled sounds, all but inaudible without it to relatively distinct voices when you can see who's talking. with one major sense disabled, we see carla's heightened intuitive power to compensate. and we can all use that sense to hear not only what people say, but also what they really mean.

steely, powerful gangster supreme frankie diomede (the always terrific lee van cleef in fine rugged form) has himself arrested and sent to prison so he can rub out a traitorous partner sans detection. fawning goofball small-time hood and wiseguy wannabe tony breda (an amiable portrayal by tony lo bianco) gets busted as well. frank and tony form an unlikely friendship behind bars. tony helps frank break out of the joint and assists him on his quest to exact revenge on a rival group of mobsters lead by the ruthless louis annunziata (smoothly played by jean rochefort). director michele lupo, working from an absorbing script by sergio donati and luciano vincenzoni, relates the neat story at a constant brisk pace, sustains a suitably gritty, but occasionally lighthearted tone throughout, and stages the rousing action set pieces with considerable rip-snorting brio (a rough'n'tumble jailhouse shower brawl and a protracted mondo destructo car chase rate as the definite thrilling highlights). van cleef and lo bianco display a nice, loose and engaging on-screen chemistry; the relationship between their characters is alternately funny and touching. the ravishing edwige fenech alas isn't given much to do as tony's whiny girlfriend orchidea, but at least gets to bare her insanely gorgeous and voluptuous body in a much-appreciated gratuitous nude shower scene. riz ortolani's groovy, pulsating, syncopated funk/jazz score certainly hits the soulfully swingin' spot. the polished cinematography by joe d'amato and aldo tonti is likewise impressive. a really nifty and entertaining little winner.

i scooped up this title by accident with the grindhouse vol. 1 collection of pure euro-trash movies. but this movie has a nice stamp of approval and should deserve a better transfer than what is out there. stupednous it is not... satisfying it is! watching this movie i couldn't help to wonder... how come sergio martino didn't make this flick? this has his signature all over it and punctuated by edwedge fenech (alas not as well known as she should be but she did get a nice cameo in hostel ii). double-crosses and triple-crosses underly and cement this film from beginning to end with lee van cleef oozing coolness under pressure from the 1st second. did this guy have to go to italy to finally reach his potential or did the studio system let this guy slip through? besides lee's more recognizable films, film-goers should try this on for size and see how if sergio leone would've lowered his epic scale down on once upon a time in america to half the running time (and 1/4 of the budget) this is what it would've turned out to be like. so refreshing, it should be taken in during the day at home and make it for an couch matinée

frankie dio (lee vancleef) is a high-ranking mobster who turns himself in to the police or illegal gambling (for reasons that seem unclear to me). tony (tony lo bianco) is a low-level thug who frequents a pool hall and spends his free time envying frankie. by being in the right place at the right time, tony gets arrested with frankie and is sent to jail... where they form a bond that may not quite be friendship, but it will do for now.this film came to me under the title of "frank and tony", which is disappointing because i see an alternate name is "mean frank and crazy tony", which would have helped sell the film more effectively. i presume that's an homage to "dirty mary, crazy larry" but what do i know? i watched it shortly after another italian crime film, "violent professionals", and i must say the two complement each other very well.italians have always lagged behind americans in their budgets and production values, which is a real shame with this film. it is considered a "grindhouse" film, which unfairly demotes it to a b-movie (or worse). with a cleaner sound and picture, this could have been a hollywood hit, i suspect. i found the story very interesting, the characters (and actors) better than average and unlike "violent professionals" the plot is fairly clear -- not too many secondary characters.if you like mafia movies or crime films you should give this one a try. a film about the mob that's actually from italy (how much more authentic do you want?) is as much as you can ask. sure, it's not "the godfather", but it's not supposed to be. this isn't a drama, it's a light comedy, heavy action buddy film... like "die hard with a vengeance" from the point of view of the bad guys. well, okay, not really.if nothing else, this film made me want to check out other films from the director and the principle cast. films besides "escape from new york" (where vancleef plays "hauk") and the usual cult movies. what's more fun than discovering a lost classic?

although i'm grateful this obscure gem of 70's italian exploitation cinema features in the recently released "grindhouse experience" box set, and although it's also available on disc under the misleading and stupid alternate title "escape from death row", i honestly think it deserves a proper and luxurious dvd edition, completely in its originally spoken languages with subtitle options (the dubbing is truly horrible), restored picture quality and a truckload of special bonus features! heck, i don't even need the restored picture quality and bonus features if only we could watch the film in its original language. "mean frank and crazy tony" is a cheerfully fast-paced mafia/crime flick with a lot of violence, comedy (which, admittedly, doesn't always work), feminine beauty and two witty main characters. tony lo bianco is terrific as the small thug pretending to be the city's biggest don. when the real crime lord frankie dio (lee van cleef) arrives in town, he sees an opportunity to climb up the ladder by offering his services. frankie initially ignores the little crook, but they do eventually form an unlikely team when frankie's entire criminal empire turns against him and a new french criminal mastermind even assassinates frankie's innocent brother. tony helps frankie to escape from prison and together they head for marseille to extract frankie's revenge. the script of this sadly neglected crime gem funnily alters gritty action & suspense with light-headed bits of comedy, like the grotesque car chase through the narrow french mountain roads for example. the build up towards the typical mafia execution sequences (guided by an excellent riz ortolani score) are extremely tense and the actual killings are sadistic and merciless, which is probably why the film is considered to be somewhat of a grindhouse classic. the film lacks a strong female lead, as the lovely and amazingly voluptuous beauty edwige fenech sadly just appears in a couple of scenes, and then still in the background. on of the men behind the camera, responsible for the superb cinematography, was no less then joe d'amato. great film, highly recommended to fans of italian exploitation, and i hope to watch it again soon in its original version.

as in amelie, recent french films seem to be taking a stereotypical male-female relationship slant, centered on a female finding her one true love. in this case, desperation leads to a convict, which leads to her evolution into a mob prototype. clever and surprising story in many ways, except that the female is there to support the male.for those of us that don't speak french, the subtitles are a little quick, but not unreasonable.the soundtrack, as seems to be increasingly the case with european films, is great and in perfect sync with the film's variations. nothing seems forced. visually, it reminds me of various urban horror movies. there's a wes craven in chicago feel to it.

what is very french about this film is the time taken to establish the two leading characters. this might require a bit of patience, especially since neither is "attractive" in the typical hollywood definition of such. however, once the "heist" kicks in, the film rushes forward quickly, perhaps at times too quickly. but it is a real rollercoaster ride and if you don't look too closely it is all quite believable. the kind of film that you know hollywood would have botched up.

i am sad to say that i disagree with other people on this columbo episode. death lends a hand is frankly kind of a boring columbo to me. after a few times, i get bored and changed the channel. i still love robert culp and patricia crowley and ray milland in their roles but the story was weaker in this episode than in the others. first, robert culp plays an investigator for ray milland's character. he hires him to investigate his young pretty wife played by patricia crowley to see if she is having an affair. in return, culp's character blackmails the cheating wife who plans to expose his scheme to her husband ruining his career. out of anger, culp kills her by striking her in the face and setting the up the body elsewhere. i don't know. maybe i just didn't care for this one at all. of course, columbo gets him in the end. it's just the question of how.

"death lends a hand" is one of the pivotal early episodes of "columbo" that helped define the show for the next thirty years. it marks the first of robert culp's four appearances (three as a murderer), playing much the same role in each show.in this case culp plays brimmer, the head of a large private detective company who is asked to investigate whether the wife of a wealthy newspaper magnate, mr kennicut, is having an affair. although she is, brimmer decides not to tell kennicut, in the hope that he can blackmail his wife in return for snippets of information about her husband's business associates. she reacts badly to this suggestion, an argument ensues which rapidly turns violent as brimmer whacks her across the face. because he is wearing a large ring, the blow knocks her to the ground and kills her.there are some really priceless moments in this episode. one of my favourite scenes is where columbo pretends to be into palm-reading, although this is in fact a ruse to discover the shape and size of brimmer's ring without admitting that he knows the killer wore a ring. columbo being columbo, he only reveals what he really knows when the time is exactly right to turn the screws a little. so initially he goofily plays the part of a rather simple-minded man who gets excited by the "lifeline going over the mound of the moon", or some equally ridiculous palm-reading mumbo-jumbo.another great scene is when brimmer tries to offer columbo a job for his firm, effectively bribing him to stop poking his nose around. again, columbo doesn't reveal that he knows what's going on, he pretends to be honoured and excited by this job offer.and there's another where columbo says to kennicut, in front of brimmer, that he wishes the murderer could hear their conversation. he wants to hint to brimmer that he is onto him, without directly accusing him, so he rather cruelly (but understandable in the circumstances) decides to play mindgames on brimmer in order to spook him into panicking and doing something stupid. which of course he does! all the while, the grieving kennicut is unaware of the subtext of this conversation. it's only near the end that columbo explains all to kennicut (not shown on screen).i won't reveal how columbo finally nails the killer bang to rights, but let's just say there's a potato involved... a really really good episode, possibly the very best of the first series. if you liked this then you'll like "double exposure" too, also featuring robert culp.

this is one of the first and best columbos, starring robert culp and ray milland. robert culp appeared on another columbo, as did several other villains, including patrick mcgoohan, william shatner, and jack cassidy. ray milland also made a later appearance.in this one, ray milland is convinced his beautiful wife, played by patricia crowley, is having an affair, so he hires culp to investigate. culp has a blackmailing business on the side, so he gives milland a fake report and threatens crowley with the real one if she doesn't pay up. they get into a huge fight in culp's home, and she winds up murdered. enter columbo.culp does everything he can to get columbo off the case, including offering him a job, but columbo is on to him from the beginning.excellent episode.

this was the first regular filmed columbo movie episode but yet it aired as the second, after steven spielberg's "columbo: murder by the book". it's also at the same time among one of the better ones!bernard l. kowalski was one great creative director! no wonder that they later asked him to direct three more columbo movies. the movie has some real creative and innovative shot sequences and the movie as a whole is also clearly made with style, passion and eye for detail. every shot connects and is a reason why this movie is better and also better looking just any other average made for tv movie. it's definitely one of the better directed columbo movies.it's a quit original columbo entry for a couple of reasons. the murder is more or less an accident and was an impulsive act. so the killer this time doesn't have any time to plan out the 'perfect murder' in advance and his to clean up any of the traces afterward and has to dispose the body. the killer in this movie is not only being handled as the man who committed the crime but more as the man who helps out lieutenant columbo to solve the murder. it makes the character a more interesting and layered one as well and also helps to make the way columbo solves the whole crime seem way more interesting as well because of that. of course columbo starts to suspect him pretty early on and as always he comes to solution by making himself vulnerable and look more stupid than he of course truly is and by gaining the killer's trust. this is obviously no spoiler since this is the way every columbo movie gets set-up. i liked the story of the movie and how it progressed.it also helps the movie that it has such a fine cast. at the time of this movie peter falk had really made the columbo character his own and the character at this was already fully developed. robert culp is truly great as the short tempered brimmer. funny thing is that he would later star in three different columbo movies again and one "mrs. columbo" episode, only in totally different roles. he even played the murderer in a couple of those movies as well again. he by the way was not the only actor that did this in other later columbo movies. also the great ray milland makes an appearance in this movie, as the husband of the victim.all in all, a real great early columbo movie and among the better ones out of the long running series of movies.9/10

the second official episode of the "columbo" series ("murder by the book," filmed later, hit the airwaves first). robert culp, who would match wits with peter falk's detective in several future installments, is terrific as the short-tempered head of a sophisticated private detective agency who murders a client's wife when she refuses to cave-in to his blackmail schemes. the two stars are well-matched in this clever cat and mouse exercise that is one of the best in the series.

this was the second entry in the regular columbo series, and it holds up well today. as i am able to look at it closely now on dvd and see how it is constructed, i am very impressed with the direction of bernard l. kowalski (who directed the fine macho callahan as well as countless tv episodes)--watch how the post-murder actions of the killer are shown on a split-screen effect on his two eyeglasses, watch how the murder itself is shown in montage fashion, watch the point-of-view shot from the perspective of the corpse. also, the wild but impressive avant-garde musical score from noted jazzman gil melle was incredible and helped so much to create atmosphere. and the supporting performance of brett halsey as the golf pro was wonderful--such subtlety and complexity in a role that nine out of ten times would be a one-dimensional cutout. the "formula" had not yet been set when this episode was filmed, so there are still some surprises in columbo's methods. of course, falk, robert culp, and ray milland are the highest-quality actors and it's a pleasure to see them work--all men are familiar from many other roles yet lose themselves in their characters here. in all, this entry in the columbo series--and many of the others--are as well-crafted as a very good feature film.

a very high-standard columbo story which was actually the first filmed episode of the long-running series but was originally transmitted second (after "murder by the book").robert culp makes his first of three appearances as the guest murderer in the series and plays the owner of a private detective agency, who blackmails the wife (patricia crowley) of a rich, highly influential businessman (played very sympathetically by ray milland) after he falsifies a report, in her favour, after it is discovered she was having an affair. the wife later rebels against the blackmail scheme but is killed in a fit of rage....a very satisfying episode in many respects, particularly as the plot is so strongly set-up and subsequently developed and also because of the rare columbo ingredient that the crime is an unpremeditated killing. the whole thing is further enhanced when the widowed husband uses the murderer to assist columbo in his investigations: a feature that facilitates numerous good quality scenes, particularly in the first sequence when the three central characters meet and columbo's crucially deceptive qualities are wonderfully in evidence.directed with flair by bernard l. kowalski and acted to an appropriately high level, this really set the tone for whole series (since "murder by the book" was let down by a poor ending). the script by columbo creators richard levinson and william link is precise, well-structured and well-thought-out and is underpinned by a steady, productive pace and meaningful sequences which really exhibit the unpredictability of the story. ultimately, the finale fittingly epitomises that columbo has always been one step ahead of the murderer.overall, this is a very fine piece of detective work for columbo, and strongly suggests that the production team had worked positively and constructively to render a polished columbo story.

deaf secretary carla (emmanuelle devos) is bullied by her mean spirited male colleagues.when they suggest she needs an assistant it seems like the final insult, but, when the first applicant is ex-con paul (vincent cassel) she seizes the chance to change her life.carla covers his mistakes and he, anxious to go straight, reluctantly helps her to take revenge on her colleagues.when paul asks carla to return the favor, she finds herself drawn into the criminal underworld, ruled by ruthless lone shark marchand (olivier gourmet).recognizing her ability to lip-read as a weapon no one will have bargained for, the two set out to see justice done.french filmmaker jacques audiard's third feature "read my lips" is a genre-defying piece, switching from dark social comedy to visceral full-throttle thriller.

"read my lips (sur mes lèvres)" (which probably has different idiomatic resonance in its french title) is a nifty, twisty contemporary tale of office politics that unexpectedly becomes a crime caper as the unusually matched characters slide up and down an ethical and sensual slippery slope.the two leads are magnetic, emmanuelle devos (who i've never seen before despite her lengthy resume in french movies) and an even more disheveled than usual vincent cassel (who has brought a sexy and/or threatening look and voice to some us movies).the first half of the movie is on her turf in a competitive real estate office and he's the neophyte. the second half is on his turf as an ex-con and her wrenching adaptation to that milieu.writer/director jacques audiard very cleverly uses the woman's isolating hearing disability as an entrée for us into her perceptions, turning the sound up and down for us to hear as she does (so it's even more annoying than usual when audience members talk), using visuals as sensory reactors as well.none of the characters act as anticipated (she is not like that pliable victim from "in the company of men," not in individual interactions, not in scenes, and not in the overall arc of the unpredictable story line (well, until the last shot, but heck the audience was waiting for that fulfillment) as we move from a hectic modern office, to a hectic disco to romantic and criminal stake-outs. there is a side story that's thematically redundant and unnecessary, but that just gives us a few minutes to catch our breaths.this is one of my favorites of the year! (originally written 7/28/2002)

sur mes lèvres or read my lips is fine little thriller that also examines the lives of 'outsiders', people who live in the periphery of our vision who struggle with the need to 'fit in'. director jacques audiard with and co-writer tonino benacquista have created a tense, tight, completely entertaining little thriller that makes some significant statements about out of the norm individuals and their plights.carla (emmanuelle devos) is a plain jane, mostly deaf, thirty something unnoticed secretary for a company whose life is one of social and sexual isolation and whose view of the future is rather bleak. enter paul (vincent cassel) a recent released ex-con parolee who responds to an ad to be carla's assistant. there is a mutual physical repulsion at first meeting: carla had hoped for a well-groomed, genteel man who might fulfill her fantasies and paul is a coarse, unkempt sleazy guy who is not impressed with being a clerk. their concepts change rather quickly when paul salvages carla's job by filling her request to steal a letter that would cost her her job and paul discovers carla's lip reading ability which he sees as a way to spy on the criminals from his past who threaten his life for money owed. so this odd couple of a team join forces and together enter a dangerous suspense filled ploy to gain paul's safety and freedom. the relationship is full of twists and edge of the seat suspense with each of these unlikely characters fulfilling roles in their lives that fill the chinks in their walls of isolation in surprising ways.devos and cassel deliver bravura performances and the remainder of the cast is uniformly strong. once again alexandre desplat has produced a musical score that enhances the tension and cinematographer mathieu vadepied finds all the right lighting and angles to suggest the worlds of isolation of the characters as well as the hitchcockian sense of suspense. director audiard wisely manipulates a factor that is at once sensitive and transformative for the story: he shows us the difference between 'hearing' the world with and without hearing aids and in doing so makes some powerful social comments. this is a fine film that remains in the ranks of the best of the french film noir genre. recommended. grady harp

carla works for a property developer's where she excels in being unattractive, unappreciated and desperate. she is also deaf.her boss offers to hire in somebody to alleviate her heavy workload so she uses the opportunity to secure herself some male company. help arrives in the form of paul, a tattooed hoodlum fresh out of prison and clearly unsuited to the mannered routine of an office environment.an implicit sexual tension develops between the two of them and carla is determined to keep him on despite his reluctance to embrace the working week. when carla is edged out of an important contract she was negotiating by a slimy colleague she exploits paul's criminality by having him steal the contract back. the colleague quickly realises that she's behind the robbery, but when he confronts her, paul's readiness to punch people in the face comes in handy too - but this thuggery comes at a price. paul is given a 'going over' by some mob acquaintances as a reminder about an unpaid debt. he formulates a plan which utilises carla's unique lip reading abilities to rip-off a gang of violent bank robbers. it's now carla's turn to enter a frightening new world.the fourth feature from director jacques audiard, 'read my lips' begins as a thoroughly engaging romantic drama between two marginalised losers only to shift gears halfway through into an edgy thriller where their symbiotic shortcomings turn them into winners. the leads are excellent; effortlessly convincing us that this odd couple could really connect. carla's first meeting with paul is an enjoyable farce in which she attempts to circumnavigate his surly reticence and jailbird manners only to discover that he was, until very recently, a jailbird. emmanuelle devos, who plays carla, has that almost exclusive ability to go from dowdy to gorgeous and back again within a frame. vincent cassel plays paul as a cornered dog who only really seems at home when he's receiving a beating or concocting the rip-off that is likely to get him killed.like many french films, 'read my lips' appears, at first, to be about nothing in particular until you scratch beneath the surface and find that it's probably about everything. the only bum note is a subplot concerning the missing wife of paul's parole officer; a device that seems contrived only to help steer the main thrust of the story into a neat little feelgood cul-de-sac.it was the french 'new wave' of the 60's that first introduced the concept of 'genre' to film making and i've always felt that any medium is somewhat compromised when you have to use a system of labels to help define it; so it's always a pleasure to discover a film that seems to transcend genre, or better still, defy it.

i watched this film not expecting much and not knowing anything much about it. i loved it. a very good, tight plot, an intriguing hook in the form of the ugly, fat, deaf girl and the ex-con, and a pace that kept things flowing without being hurried. a much, much better film than the same director's de battre mon coeur s'est arreté, which was boring and unbelievable.the only thing that didn't quite work was that the supposedly ugly, fat girl was neither ugly nor fat: solid, certainly, and far from conventionally beautiful, but with so much character in her face that she took over the screen whenever she was on it. superb. i wish she was in more films, and better ones than she generally is. i've seen a bit of gilles' wife and a bit of the moustache, and they both looked like rubbish, and i've seen all of de battre mon coeur s'est arreté, and that certainly is rubbish. she seems to have a few coming up, so i'll keep my fingers crossed.

this movie just pulls you so deeply into the two main characters. i popped it into my laptop without even reading the cover (let alone reviews) and was intrigued for two solid hours. two lost ships from two different worlds collide. the sexual tension that brews between a secretary and a criminal is almost palpable even without hardly any physical contact. toward the end i couldn't decide which i wanted more: our hero and heroine to pull off their caper or simply consummate their passion. rml could've done without a curious subplot and a traditional 100 minutes would have been plenty. i'm nitpicking though. after a series of netflix, blockbuster and local library duds this movie restored my faith in great film making.

well, what can i say having just watched this fantastic film, when my nerves are still jangling! jacques audiard the director must be making quite a name for himself in france, and rightly so. vince cassel is no tom cruise and emmanuelle devos is no penelope cruz either, but these two are fantastic actors, and this is a taut and compelling thriller which starts off slowly with some clever character building and then starts to put tension on tension to a wonderful climax. others have written about the plot, so i will not say more than everyone in this film plays their role to perfection, the director, the actors, right down to the cameraman, and everything seems so real, no stupid gun play, the fighting when it happens is so credible, the expressions, the emotions, it is almost as you are there as a spectator. do yourself a favour, get the dvd, a bottle of wine, turn the lights low, take the phone off the hook and immerse yourself in this hitchcockian thriller :)

a super, unusual film from audiard, read my lips is a pulpy, lonely- hearts thriller. it's perfect for the handsomely grizzled charisma of vincent cassel and features a marvellously contained performance from emanuelle devos. devos is a recurring feature of audiard in the same way that karin viard pops up for jean-pierre jeunet: unconventionally beautiful (she's referred to by everyone as unattractive in this film), versatile and capable of a subordinate profile.this is almost the definition of her role as carla, a put-upon office dogsbody, taunted by colleagues exploiting her deafness. yet she finds an ami d'exploitation, if you like in cassel's ex-con paul. each exploits the other's unconventional talents (theft and lip reading) to struggle through their respective situations and form an unconventionally romantic rapprochement. devos/audiard manage carla's deafness and its attendant, warped inner world with discreet, stylish flair.in this film (2001) audiard is already clearly in control of his handling on tension, action and investing his frame with a truly visceral experience which will become the great hit - a prophet - of nine years later. 7/10

jean-jacques' career began with his essay answer to a prize question: civilization makes us evil. this intelligent and exciting movie supports that argument. in that sense it repeats a theme common to french films: society is real, identity is a construction, freedom is criminal. here the idea is treated literally. both main characters find themselves, and each other, only when breaking rules. this discovery may well hold true in france; at any rate, it's quite romantic.

interesting characters, lots of tension. as close to black and white without being black and white. i was turned off by how casually the supposedly sympathetic mainstream character, a quiet, near deaf secretary, was able to turn to crime to ruin colleagues, rough up people in her way and finally participate in a heist, and set up someone to be bumped off as a decoy to her own get-away. i'm a little put off by the trend for otherwise quality movies to portray criminals in a sympathetic way without addressing the injury they've done to others other than to portray their immediate opponents as jerks. in this film we never know who's money it really is they abscond with, or what happens to the innocent wife who the sympathetic deaf-secretary uses to set up the of the sleazy bar owner to take the fall for the missing loot. too bad, the film could have been great.

after erasing my thoughts nearly twenty-seven times, there is a feeling that i can now conquer this review for the complex french drama, "read my lips". having written over five hundred reviews, i have never found myself at such a loss of words as i did with director jacques audiard's subtle, yet inspirational love story. thought was poured over what was loved and hated about this film, and while the "loves" overpowered, it was the elements that were hated that sparked further debate within my mind. "read my lips" is a drama. to be more precise, is a character driven drama which fuses social uncertainty with crime lords with the doldrums of everyday office work. here is where this review begins to crumble, it is all of these items – but it is more…much, much more. as a viewer, you are pulled in instantly by emmanuelle devos' portrayal of this fragile woman named carla, whose strength is lost to the males in her office as well as her hearing difficulty. audiard introduces us harshly to her world by removing sound from the screen whenever she is not wearing her aid, causing an immediate unrest, not only from the characters within the film, but to those watching. without sound, the world is left open to any possibility, and that is frightening.as we watch this difficult and unsettling woman setting into her life, we are then uprooted and given the opportunity to meet paul (played exquisitely by vincent cassel), a slicked-back hair, mustache-wearing lanky man who was just released from prison, homeless, jobless, and forced by his parole officer to get a job. this is how carla and paul meet. there is that moment of instant, unsettling attraction. the one where we think she loves him, but he is dark (and here is where it gets even more fun) – and where we think he loves her, but she is dark. the constant role reversal creates the tone of the unknown. who, as viewers, are we to feel the most sympathy for? paul sleeps in the office, carla helps him; carla looses a contract to a rival co-worker, paul helps her; carla's ability to read people's lips comes in handy for a make-shift idea for paul. the continual jumps back and forth keep you on your chair, waiting for the possibility of some light to shine through this dark cave. it never does. audiard cannot just allow this story to take place, he continually introduces us to more characters; one just as seedy as the next. even our rock, our solid foundation with the parole officer is in question when his wife goes missing – a subplot to this film that at first angered me, but upon further debate was a staple finale for this film. yet none of this could have happened if it weren't for our characters. devos' solemn and homely look is breathtaking, as she changes her image for paul; the truth of her beauty is discovered. paul, the wildcard in the film, continues to seemingly use and abuse the friendship for his final endgame. then, just as we assume one, carla takes on one last shape.audiard knows he has amazing actors capturing his characters. cassel and devos could just play cards the entire time and i would still be sitting at the end of my chair. the story, probably the weakest part of this film, is at first random. the interwoven stories seem unconnected at first, but audiard lets them connect bit by bit. again, the entire parole officer segment was tangent, but that final scene just solidified the ends to the means. not attempting to sound vague, but this complex (yet utterly simple) story is difficult to explain. there is plenty happening, but it is up to you to connect the pieces. a favorite scene is when carla is attempting to discover where some money is being held. that use of sound and scene was brilliant. it was tense, it was dramatic, and it was like watching a who-dun-it mystery unfold before your eyes.overall, i initially though this was a mediocre french film that i could easily forget about when it was over – i was proved wrong. "read my lips" opens the floor for discussion, not just with the characters, but the situations. one will find themselves rooting for carla in one scene, and paul in the next. when a discovery is made in paul's apartment by carla, i found myself deeply angry. audiard brought true emotion to the screen with his characters and development, and what he was lacking in plot – the actors were able to carry. i can easily suggest this film to anyone, but be prepared; this isn't a one time viewing film. repeat. repeat. repeat.grade: **** out of *****

this was one of the best movies i have seen. the movie relates to real life and how drugs can play a major part. although this movie appears to be produced from a low budget, i found it to be exhilarating to watch.some may not like the story and say the script is lacking direction. however, when a person gets as deep into drugs as these characters, there is no direction is life. i feel this movie is an accurate representation of what might happen to a person if they are faced with extreme temptations.most of the cast are newcomers to the industry. however, they all pulled it off very well. everyone seemed to do their job well and get into character appropriately.i think this movie might be a good tool to use when dealing with a person or loved one that is involved in drugs and appears to be spiraling out of control. this movie might just scare them enough to change their ways.

probably the best film of the year for me. this small french film centers on put upon office secretary carla (emmanuelle devos) who spends her days doing other men's jobs, uncredited, and being the source of their scorn and lunchtime conversation which is all too clear to her as, being partially deaf, she reads lips. a change is set in motion when she hires newly paroled con paul (vincent cassel) as her assistant. the relationship which develops between them is the centre of the film. mutual dependency, for vastly different reasons, bonds them. carla becomes attracted to paul and to the fact that he makes her feel attractive for,what seems like,the first time. paul does nothing to dispel her feelings because he needs her help. he owes money to a local gangster and forms a plan to steal from him which will involve carlas' skill of reading lips. i think the main thing that pushes the film way above an average suspense/drama is the amazing chemistry between the two stars. throughout the whole film, no matter what other characters are on screen, you can feel this amazing bond between carla and paul. i cannot remember when i have witnessed such sexual chemistry between two actors. emmanuell devos gives a brilliant performance (she won the french cesar for best actress). you never feel like you are watching a piece of acting, this really is carla. the chameleon like vincent cassel is also wonderful. he makes a somewhat unappealing character both appealing and attractive. i loved this film because of these two people, and both times when i had finished watching it i wanted to go back into the cinema and become involved with them all over again.

"read my lips" tells of a strange symbiosis which develops between a plain, socially maladroit female office worker (devos) and her workplace trainee, a crude excon (casel). as the film fleshes out this unlikely duo down to their ids they become embroiled in a chilling merging of the minds, each using the other for their own selfish reasons with an extraordinary outcome. good stuff for anyone into character-driven films with strong psychodramatic undercurrents. in french with easy to read subtitles and good translation. (b+)

i picked this one up on a whim from the library, and was very pleasantly surprised. lots of tight, expressionistic camera work, an equally tight script, and two superb actors all meld together to make one very fine piece of film. not for the reptilian multiplex brain, but rather the true aficionado of cinema. if hollywood ever does get its grimy hands on it, i'm sure it will ruin it. a choice treat all the way around. other posters here have more than amply sung its praises, so i needn't bother duplicating their paeans; just take their advice, and mine, and don't miss this gem. call it what you like; i call it two hours of entertainment well-spent. read my lips: don't miss it.

i settled back to watch "read my lips," a plate of freedom fries before me. the food was quickly forgotten as i became engrossed by director and co-writer jacques audiard's original and superb thriller.carla (emmanuelle devos) is a secretary at a firm that develops major building projects. she actually has some significant responsibilities that don't often fall to secretaries and she's capable and ambitious. and thwarted by a male hierarchy that will exploit but not reward her.work piling up faster than she can handle it, carla is told to hire a secretary. enter ex-con and general layabout paul (vincent cassel). he lies about his skills and in fact has none that any legitimate enterprise might require. after an initial serious misunderstanding by paul as to carla's interest in him, the two become allies. a quirky friendship starts. in a stunt that would have made a real carla a major contender on "the apprentice," she trumps her egotistic male adversary at work with paul's connivance. exit the rival.carla is virtually deaf without her hearing aid. with it she hears almost normally. she turns the hearing aid off to isolate herself from unpleasant sounds and annoying people. she's also very lonely. a heroic makeup effort was made to have her appear plain but she's truly beautiful. she hasn't a boyfriend. she babysits so a friend can have a liaison (it is a french movie) worse and humiliatingly, she accedes to a girlfriend's plea that she hang out somewhere while that married friend has it off with her paramour in carla's bed. not nice.as carla and paul get to know each other better, the barely repressed larcenous side of the not so former felon emerges. there's a side story, by the way, of paul's relationship with his parole officer which neatly complements the main plot and has its own big surprise ending."read my lips?" ingenious paul recognizes that carla's ability to read lips, even from a considerable distance, is more than the amusing parlor trick it first seems to be.from there a caper develops. enough said.paul and carla are a true criminal oddball couple. she wants love but will also accept money. he wants her, sort of, but business must come before possible erotic satiation. together cassel and devos are strong actors carrying an unusual crime tale to its end very convincingly.rent it or buy it but if you enjoy a good crime story you'll go for "read my lips." and you may well want to watch it several times: i do.9/10

finally a movie where the audience is kept guessing until the end what will happen. well, we all kind of know that the lives of the brothers, andy (played by hoffman) and hank (played by hawke) will spiral downward towards destruction since where else is there to go but down, but we do not know how or when until near the end of the movie. hoffman is superb, as usual, and even hawke was decent as the younger brother who basically does what he is told since he really cannot think for himself. hawke might have been a little out of his element, but he played the part well enough. add into this mix andy's wife, played perfectly by marisa tomei, cheating with hank; andy's embezzlement of company funds to pay for his drug and sex addictions; and a father who finally discovers exactly what happened the day of the robbery. this movie will get you thinking.

thank god this wasn't based on a true story, because what a story it is. populated by despicable characters whose depravity knows no bounds, before the devil is a mesmerizing, jaw-dropping excursion into perversion which would be laughable (and sometimes is, even with - or perhaps because of - the sickeningly tragic undercurrent of human dysfunction throughout) if it weren't carried out with such magnificent, overwhelming conviction by its stars. the excellent script by kelly masterson and superb direction by none other than sidney lumet doesn't hurt either.the main dysfunction here is of a family nature, with the two majorly screwed up brothers (brilliant portrayals from philip seymour hoffman and ethan hawke) deciding to rob their own parents' jewelry store, an attempt that goes pathetically awry.the story is told with time-shifts (which are noted on screen, such as: "charlie: two days before the robbery", so no one should be confused); some people have said they didn't like this device but i thought it worked perfectly, adding to the skeweredness of the whole affair, considering that the two brothers in question are hardly playing with full decks - between them you couldn't make a decent poker hand to save your life. throw in these cheesy extra tidbits: one of the brothers is a drug addict, married to gina (marisa tomei, also excellent), who is having an affair with the other brother, toss in some monumental sibling rivalry, along with the fact that said drug addict brother hates his father (a wrenching performance from albert finney), who has apparently caused him serious past pain, and you've got a shakespearean/greek tragedy on your hands. proceed with caution.

if you're a fan of film noir and think they don't make 'em like they used to, here is your answer -they just don't make 'em in hollywood anymore. we must turn to the french to remember how satisfying, subtle and terrific a well-made film from that genre can be. read my lips is a wonderfully nasty little gift to the faithful from director jacques audiard, featuring sharp storytelling and fine performances from emmanuelle devos and vincent cassel.the basic plot could have been written in the 40's: dumb but appealing ex-con and a smart but dowdy femme fatale (who turns out to be ruthlessly ambitious) discover each other while living lives of bleak desperation and longing, manipulate each other to meet their own ends, develop complex love/hate relationship, cook up criminal scheme involving heist, double crosses, close calls and lots of money. all action takes place in depressing, seedy and/or poorly lit locations. audiard has fashioned some modern twists, of course. the femme fatale is an underappreciated office worker who happens to be nearly deaf and uses her lip reading ability to take revenge on those who marginalize her. and where you might expect steamy love scenes you discover that both characters are sexually awkward and immature. add in a bit of modern technology and music and it seems like a contemporary film, but make no mistake - this is old school film noir. it's as good as any film from the genre and easily one of the best films i've seen all year.

watching before the devil counts as one of my all time best experiences at the cinema. i have been intrigued my the mixed response to the film - and for me, the extremes of opinion indicate the film touched on something either embraced or disavowed by the general audience. it is one of those films that has stayed with me, and i continue to ponder and think about it.surely the dvd would illuminate some more of the themes and the film-making elements? which include: sidney lumet's comeback movie, the time-shifting technique deployed in the storytelling, the superb combination of lumet and masterson and why it works so well, the masterly direction, the relatively rare focus hollywood movies give to male characters and their largely doomed struggle to become an open cheque book for their women, the under-presented, but nevertheless resonant marisa tomei's performance, and, of course, the superb hoffman with that central monologue about the sum of his parts - for me the heart of the movie.phew! surely a masterful film. so imagine my disappointment watching the eagerly anticipated dvd - only to find no commentary, no behind-the-scenes, no interviews, no extras.hey - distributors - sort it out!

'before the devil knows you're dead' is one of the best movies i've seen in along time. the acting fromthe excellent ensemble cast is incredible. philip seymour hoffman putting in an outstanding performance and is electrifying every time he's on screen. ethan hawke matches him scene for scene and albert finney simply chews up the screen. marisa tomei is, however,criminally underused, but looks amazing for her 42 years. the script is excellent, the story-line non-linear but easy enough to follow. sidney lumet, although not known for his blockbusters, has turned out a gem with this one!

this intensely involving 2007 character-driven suspense drama is like a big, juicy piece of shakespearean-level steak from a master filmmaker who knows how to draw out uncommonly ferocious, to-the-edge performances from his actors. consider for starters - henry fonda's lone dissenting juror in "twelve angry men", katharine hepburn's delusional mary tyrone in "long day's journey into night", rod steiger's conflicted concentration camp survivor in "the pawnbroker", william holden's wintry lion in "network", and paul newman's alcoholic lawyer in "the verdict". the list encompasses some of the finest screen work of the past half-century, and you can safely add philip seymour hoffman's desperately controlling andy hanson to the ranks. at 83, director sidney lumet shows no signs of octogenarian fatigue, and in fact, he revels in the melodramatic turns of first-time screenwriter kelly masterson's thickly plotted script.the scale of the story is deceptively small as it focuses on the moral compromises that unravel in a family where two brothers have become desperate for immediate cash. woody allen followed a similar fraternal dynamic in his last film, the oddly pinched "cassandra's dream", but lumet is neither pinched nor cautious in his fierce approach to this inescapable tale of ambiguity and deception. the plot revolves around a crime that was meant to be victimless. embezzling funds from his real estate company's payroll to keep his neglected wife gina happy and to satisfy an expensive drug habit, smooth-talking andy is about to be exposed in an irs audit. meanwhile, his younger brother hank is a mass of post-divorce, codependent insecurities falling way behind in his alimony and child support payments.andy concocts a supposedly foolproof plan to rob their parents' suburban jewelry store while neither of them is supposed to be there. the goal was for the brothers to collect the haul, and the parents to claim the insurance. murphy's law intervenes in every possible way starting with andy pressuring hank to do the job himself. after some brotherly cajoling, hank agrees to it, but too scared to do it alone, he recruits a reckless, gun-toting busboy to handle the robbery. by fate, the heist occurs on the one day that andy and hank's mother is opening the shop, and things quickly spiral out of control from there. although the back-and-forth storytelling technique is not new (for example, alejandro gonzález iñárritu's "21 grams"), masterson's approach works effectively in delineating certain events from multiple perspectives so that you understand how each character is led to the repercussions of the unfortunate event.the acting is pitch-perfect starting with hoffman's riveting performance as andy, a machiavellian reptile whose cool exterior and innate amorality mask layers of resentment toward his family. i thought he was great in tamara jenkins' "the savages", but he is even better here. lumet even draws a solid performance from the usually insufferable ethan hawke as hank, imbuing him with the emasculated weakness that informs his every ill-planned move. as their embattled father, albert finney acts with his typical late-career bluster, but he provides the necessary foundation for the oedipal-level complexities. marisa tomei is a smart choice to play gina, as the actress economically keys in on the responsive, watchful nature of a small but pivotal role. the estimable theater veteran rosemary harris (now better known as peter parker's aunt in the "spider-man" trilogy) has precious little time as the mother, as does amy ryan as hank's bitter ex-wife.there are scenes that border on excessive, especially as the situation becomes increasingly desperate for the brothers, but the principals inject such energetic brio to them that the flourishes become forgivable. after the disappointment of the cartoonish "find me guilty", it is refreshing to see lumet in peak form here. the 2008 dvd offers terrifically informative commentary from lumet, hoffman and hawke, all of whom converse with ease and insight throughout. along with the original theatrical trailer, there is also a better-than-average 24-minute featurette, "directed by sidney lumet: how the devil was made", which features on-set footage and snippets of interviews with lumet, two of the producers and the principal actors.

the humor implicit in the complete title proverb derives from the sunday school dictum that one would be better advised to prepare before you're dead for the devil's scrutiny, i.e. so the devil doesn't care when you're dead. there's no percentage in trying to beat the devil. the characters apparently didn't pay attention at sunday school, and find themselves forced into crisis management, having eschewed crisis avoidance. but even a seasoned ceo would have difficulty managing these crises. throwing dice is far more unpredictable than flipping a coin; when people are involved, the list of possible outcomes becomes even longer than the long list of unforgettable sidney lumet films. until now, hawke may not have been an unforgettable actor but here perhaps had an eye toward earning billing among other lumet all stars like steiger and pacino.

this is a thoroughly diabolical tale of just how bad things can go wrong. a simple robbery. pick up some serious change. get our finances together and everything will be hunky-dory. but—mom and pop's jewelry store? no problem. insurance pays for it all. no guns. nobody gets hurt. easy money.older, more successful (it would appear) brother andy (philip seymour hoffman) has a few minor problems. heroin addiction, cocaine habituation. a wife (marisa tomei) that…well, he can't seem to perform for. his flat belly days long gone. younger, sweet, slightly dim-witted younger brother, hank (ethan hawke) with a few dinero problems of his own. behind in child support payments for his daughter, in debt to friends and relatives, not exactly wowing them in the work of work, etc.sydney lumet, in this performance at the age of 82 (!), directs and gets it 99.99 percent right, which is hard to do in a thriller. i have seen more thrillers than i can remember and most of the time the director gets the movie printed and lives with the plot holes, the improbabilities, the cheesy scenes, and the hurry-up ending. here lumet makes a thriller like it's a work of art. every detail is perfect. the acting is superb. the plot has no holes. the story rings true and clear and represents a tale about human frailty that would honor the greatest filmmakers and even the bard himself.hoffman of course is excellent. when you don't have marquee, leading man presence, you have to get by on talent, workmanship and pure concentration. ethan hawke, who is no stranger to the sweet, little guy role, adds a layer of desperation and all too human incompetence to the part so that we don't know whether to pity him or trash him. albert finney plays the father of the wayward sons with a kind of steely intensity that belies his age. and marisa tomei, who has magical qualities of sexiness to go along with her unique creativity, manages to be both vulnerable and hard as nails as andy's two timing wife. (but who could blame her?) it's almost a movie reviewer's sacrilege to give a commercial thriller five or ten stars, but if you study this film, as all aspiring film makers would be well advised to do, you will notice the kind of excessive (according to most hollywood producers) attention to detail that makes for real art--the sort of thing that only great artists can do, and indeed cannot help but do. (by the way, i think there were twenty producers on this film—well, maybe a dozen; check the credits.) all i can say in summation is, way to go sydney lumet, author of a slew of excellent films, and to show such fidelity to your craft and your art at such an advanced age—kudos. may we all do half so well.okay, the 00.01 percent. it was unlikely that the father (albert finney) could have followed the cabs that andy took around new york without somehow losing the tail. this is minor, and i wish all thrillers could have so small a blip. also one wonders why lumet decided not to tell us about the fate of hank at the end. we can guess and guess. perhaps his fate fell onto the cutting room floor. perhaps lumet was not satisfied with what was filmed and time ran out, and he just said, "leave it like that. it really doesn't matter." and i think it doesn't. what happens to hank is not going to be good. he isn't the kind of guy who manages to run off to mexico and is able to start a new life. he is the kind of guy who gets a "light" sentence of 10 to 20 and serves it and comes out a kind of shrunken human being who knows he wasn't really a man when he should have been.see this for sidney lumet, one of hollywood's best, director of the pawnbroker (1964), the group (1966), serpico (1973), dog day afternoon (1975), network (1976), and many more.

the beginning of this film is a little clunky and also confusing , but sit tight, because you are in for the ride of your life. the concept is compelling, with interesting devices utilized to tell the overall story. there are fine performances all around, with phillip seymour hoffman's being the best of the cast-no surprise there. ethan hawke also deserves credit for a very strong performance as well. the direction by mr. lumet is outstanding. the film has a seventies feel in the respect that risks are taken in the telling of this story, but unlike the majority of trite films that populate the landscape today, this is a thriller that is sincerely based upon relationships rather than special effects or product plugs. you will be greatly rewarded for the time invested in this film.

i really enjoyed this drama from sidney lumet. the best word i could come up to describe it with is insane. it throws the viewer around for an hour and fifty minutes and doesn't let you breathe until the credits start to roll at the very end. trust me, this movie will keep you guessing the entire way through.the story is very well crafted and almost brilliant. it's almost like a more complicated tarantino type story. the acting is all amazing from all of the leads and even the small parts, excellent cast. i also loved the cinematography, it gave it the real feeling as if it were an independent film. it was all great.this movie is excited, exhausting and heartbreaking. it's almost hard to watch but you'll be glad that you did.

if i watch a movie and don't once look at my watch or clock to see how much longer it will be running or when i hope that the last scene wasn't the end of the movie, it's got to be pretty good. i'm not an movie internalist or cinema dissectionist. i watch movies and if they keep me interested till the end, then they are pretty good because some of the most critically acclaimed films bore me to death (the english patient, shakespeare in love, atonement, crash. this movie kept me interested and absorbed beginning to end. acting is great, story is absolutely original, flash-back technique very affective. there was a bit of citizen kane thrown in tho when hoffman trashes his apartment after tomei leaves him, but i forgive that cause i see it as a homage to, rather than a rip-off of, orson.

i watched this film in a very strange way -- i had put it on my netflix list and couldn't remember why (other than that i knew philip seymour hoffman was in it). since the film has no opening credits, i couldn't even remember who had directed it.as my wife and i watched it, i turned to her about 45 minutes in and said, "you know, i keep wanting to decide that i hate this film, but something about it just won't let me stop watching it." then there's a stretch of about half a dozen scenes in the middle of the movie that are truly electrifying in the actors' performances.it was only as the end credits rolled that i realized it was a sidney lumet film. and i thought -- wow. i'm surprised that lumet took on what was really a dirty, petty little story about really mean, broken people. but it's a testament to his talent that i was so taken in when i didn't even realize it was him.philip seymour hoffman is really, really good in this movie. like scary good. put this up against capote and i would argue the oscar should have been for this film instead.i also highly recommend the narrative special feature with lumet, hawke and hoffman talking about making the movie -- it's entertaining and educational, with hawke playing the student eager to learn at the master's feet. lumet definitely teaches you the first rule of working with actors -- kiss their asses constantly!!there are a lot of violent, melodramatic movies out there that are empty ciphers when all is said and done. and there is an element of that in this film -- that the actors fill the air with sulphurous blasts of emotion, and when the smoke clears there's nothing left. nothing resonates on a deeper level.but lumet has given us network and twelve angry men -- films that, each in their own ways, have been elevated into the highest echelons of cinema.this movie isn't at that level. but there's something about it that lingers. and maybe that's enough.my final comment is about the comments -- if you look at the number of comments about this little movie here on imdb -- and the depth and intelligence of the comments, pro and con -- it's a pretty good indication that something special is going on with this film.

the hanson brothers - andy (apparently has his act together) and hank (clearly doesn't have his act together) need money. andy comes up with a scheme to get some dough that will have consequences for the whole hanson family.this film delivers. this is a layered, full-blooded roller coaster ride that knows exactly what it is doing. as a crime drama / thriller i would happily compare it to 'no country for old men.' while both films have have an ample supply of character drama and thrills, 'devil' is more on the thriller side because of its fast pace. 'no country' is a colder and bleaker film that you can really admire, while 'devil' is a bit more enjoyable. there is definitely less violence in 'devil' than 'no country.' the acting delivers as well. ethan hawke, sometimes wooden in the past, brings the jitters, sweating and the deer-in-the-headlights-look to the besieged hank. philip seymour hoffman, as andy, has the film's hardest scenes and is fast becoming the actor, who you believe can do anything.there's really not much wrong with this film. it jumps back and forth without being confusing. events spiral out of control, but the film never does - the writing (from first timer kelly masterson), directing (veteran sidney lumet) and the editing stay as tight as a drum. in many categories, this is award caliber stuff, though maybe films like 'the departed' and 'no country' squeezed this one out of the limelight. if you liked those, you'll like this.

i must admit that i had my doubts about this movie before i was going to watch it. the main reason for that is because it was compared to a hitchcock movie. i've seen several movies that were said to be inspired by hitchcock or that could have been made by the 'master of suspense' himself, but so far i haven't seen any of these movie that would be able to stand the test of time. in my opinion hitchcock has become a household name which is too easily used to promote some (cheap) thrillers, but on the other hand i must admit that i was intrigued by it because this is a european movie. normally it's the big hollywood studios who like to abuse hitchcock's name if that can raise their income. but this movie was made in one of the most chauvinistic european countries ever and i'm sure that most french would rather drop dead than to admit that their movies have been inspired by an englishman. that's why i decided to give this movie a try and i must say that i'm glad that i did."sur mes lèvres" or "read my lips" as it is called in english, tells the story of a young secretary named carla. she is a hardworking and loyal employee, but has never been very appreciated by her colleagues. that has much to do with the fact that she suffers from a hearing deficiency, which has denied her to climb up on the hierarchical ladder of the company. but when she is allowed to hire a trainee that can work for her, all this is about to change. paul angeli is a 25 year old and completely unskilled ex-convict. the man is a thief, but carla gives him a chance and covers for him when needed. she hopes to teach him what a regular life should look like, but at the same time he drags her with him in his old life...since i still believe that the name hitchcock is used too often to describe a very good thriller - which this movie definitely is - i will not make any comparisons between hitchcock and jacques audiard's directing. fact is that the man has done a really good job with this movie. i hadn't heard of him before, but it is true that he knows how to build up suspense and how to keep you interested from the beginning until the end. that also has a lot to do with the very fine and original story of course. i doubt if there is someone in hollywood who has ever come up with the idea of using a handicapped woman in a powerful role, instead of making her the helpless subject of an abusive husband (you know, the typical tv-movie story).also worth noticing is the acting in this movie. vincent cassel is quite famous, but emmanuelle devos was a complete mystery to me. there is absolutely nothing glamorous about their roles, but they both did an excellent job with their characters, making them feel very believable and realistic. paul could have been the average tough guy right out of jail and carla the typically helpless woman, but thanks to their performances, you really believe that these are two strong people who both have had some bad luck in life but who will make the best out of it together.all in all this is a powerful movie with a very fine script and some excellent acting. despite the fact that i had my doubts about it, i've soon become one of its greatest admirers. i give this movie an 8/10. don't hesitate to give it a try.

legendary director sidney lumet gives us one of his finest films in his historic career in this very tense, and ultimately shocking story about a family that includes dysfunctional as one of the children. with an a-list cast headed by philip seymour hoffman (an oscar-worthy performance here), ethan hawke, marisa tomei and albert finney, lumet has captured not just elements of botched crime stories such as reservoir dogs, but also family stories such as ordinary people.many viewers might be confused and feel underwhelmed at the construction of the plot lumet has gone with here. instead of showing it in a linear manner, he has gone the tarantino route and shows the central scene of a robbery gone wrong from different points of view all out of order. i personally found this to be very satisfying and left me constantly guessing what was going to happen next. the script is very strong with some excellent scenes between husband and wife hoffman and tomei, as well as between father and son finney and hoffman. all the actors are totally engaging to watch and lumet is obviously having fun in directing a style he usually doesn't delve in. plenty of action and suspense to hold the audience for the two hour running time, this is a rare movie that doesn't disappoint for one moment.

while the title "before the devil knows you're dead" comes from an irish proverb the film plays out like a greek tragedy. it all starts with a botched robbery and continues to spiral out of control as two brothers attempt to escape the mess they've gotten themselves into.the cast is well-assembled with philip seymour hoffman & ethan hawke playing the aforementioned brothers. notable support includes albert finney as their father and marisa tomei as the wife of one brother and lover of the other. beyond these principals the acting is unremarkable.the story is compelling and is told with a certain degree of verve. the narrative structure keeps things interesting by providing different points of view and frequent time shifts. that being said, the film's unpredictability is somewhat muted since it becomes apparent early on that this story is a tragedy, through and through. all in all, a pretty impressive debut for first-time screenwriter kelly masterson.sidney lumet's direction is well handled but i'm more impressed by the fact that he's still directing at over eighty years old. i was less impressed by the score by carter burwell but it isn't a major distraction.in the end, the film proves to be compelling viewing and while the story & presentation may have superficial similarities to other films this one remains a unique experience.

tarantino once remarked on a melodrama from the 1930s called backstreet that "tragedy is like another character" in the film. the same could be said- and not withstanding bringing up tarantino- for sidney lumet's best work in years, a melodrama where character is of the utmost concern not simply because of what's at stake with the cast involved. kelly masterson doesn't have a masterpiece of a script here (it basically breaks into crazy killer mode by the end in a series of climactic events that only work by the very end, and even there suspension of disbelief is paramount), but her script does convey character before plot, and in a story where the actions surround a heist it's crucial to know who these people are beat by beat. it's bleak as hell, unforgiving as satan, but also absolutely riveting 90% of the time.chalk it up not just because lumet knows how to handle a non-linear script where we see the day-to-day actions of character to character before during, and mostly after the botched 'mom-&-pop' jewelry store robbery occurs, but because of the formidable cast assembled (which, i might add, is lumet's specialty). philip seymour hoffman and ethan hawke are brothers with their own respective financial f***-ups, and the former approaches the latter on what looks like a fool-proof heist: looting their own mother and father's jewelry store in westchester. hawke's hank involves another shady character though, murders occur, and suddenly it's tragedy on a greek scale affecting the brothers and their father, played by a perfect albert finney. it's the kind of material that most actors love- characters who, like in dog day afternoon, are painfully human, flawed to the bone but only wanting love &/or things to be set right, and have the complete inability to fulfill their wants and needs.in this case though hoffman and hawke are matched splendidly; hoffman has, until the aforementioned last ten minutes, a super-calm and occasionally joking demeanor that reveals him as the brains of the operation, but then smaller scenes where he breaks down emotionally (i.e. with finney or the car scene with tomei) push his talents to the limit; hawke, meanwhile, is called a loser by his ex-wife and daughter, can't pay any debts at all, and is called a baby by his own father, and he fills the bill of the part in all the ways that matter- he's not quite as flawed as his older brother, but who wants to pick a straw for that title? and finney, as mentioned, is spot-on all the way through, making his turn in big fish look like child's play (the final scenes with him are terrifyingly tragic, his face recoiling in a horror that has built up all through the second half).also featuring supporting turns from a finely ditsy and perversely two-timing marisa tomei, bug's michael shannon as bad-ass white trash, and amy ryan, brian f. o'byrne and rosemary harris making brief, exact impressions, this is a film with a tremendous lot of skill and heart- but not a forgiving heart- with a story that doubles back on details not for showy plot devices but to make clear every step of a family's perpetual downward spiral. if it's not as mind-blowing as serpico or network or the pawnbroker or 12 angry men it comes as close as anything lumet's done since.

in new york, andy hanson (philip seymour hoffman) is an addicted executive of a real estate office that has embezzled a large amount for his addiction and expensive way of life with his wife gina (marisa tomei). when an audit is scheduled in his department, he becomes desperate for money. his baby brother hank hanson (ethan hawke) is a complete loser that owes three months of child support to his daughter, and is having a love affair with gina every thursday afternoon. andy plots a heist of the jewelry of their parent in a saturday morning without the use of guns, expecting to find an old employee working and without financial damage to his parents, since the insurance company would reimburse the loss. on monday morning, we would raise the necessary money he needs to cover his embezzlement. he invites hank to participate, since he is very well known in the mall where the jewelry is located and could be recognized. however, hank yellows and invites the thief bobby lasorda (brian f. o'byrne) to steal the store, but things go wrong when their mother nanette (rosemary harris) comes to work as the substitute for the clerk and bobby brings a hidden gun. nanette reacts and kills bobby but she is also lethally shot. after the death of nanette, their father charles hanson (albert finney) decides to investigate the robbery with tragic consequences."before the devil knows you're dead" is a comedy of errors, disclosing a good story. the originality and the difference are in the screenplay, with a non-linear narrative à la "pulp fiction". the eighty-three year-old sidney lumet has another great work and it is impressive the longevity of this director. philip seymour hoffman is awesome in the role of a dysfunctional man with traumatic relationship with his father that feels the world falling apart mostly because of his insecure and clumsy brother. marisa tomei is still impressively gorgeous and sexy, showing a magnificent body. the violent conclusion shows that the world is indeed an evil place. my vote is seven.title (brazil): "antes que o diabo saiba que você está morto" ("before the devil knows you're dead")

the bible teaches us that the love of money is the root of all evil. the love of money leads to greed which can lead to pride and eventually to destruction. two brothers, andy and hank, will discover how far the love of money will cost them and those they love the most.andy hanson (philip seymour hoffman) and his younger brother hank (ethan hawke) couldn't be more different. andy is seemingly enjoying the success of working in new york's real estate market and is married to his beautiful wife gina (marisa tomei) who is the idea of a trophy wife if one ever existed. hank, however, is divorcée who finds himself at the mercy of his ex-wife, his daughter's expensive school bills, and endless amount of child support payments. a man who means well and has good intentions, hank none the less cannot escape the water that his slowly raising above his head no matter how hard he swims to stay above it.however, andy has his own problems with the only difference between him and his brother being that he hides them better. he has committed fraud against his company and is heavily involved in drug use in order to escape his fears. the pressure of his life, and the lies he needs to keep his appearances up, have now caused him to think about fleeing the country with gina in order to start over again. of course, like hank, he needs money to do this and believes he knows how to get it. how? by robbing the jewelery store that their parents own and run. this act of betrayal is where the hanson brothers, their families, and several other lives, will be destroyed because of greed, pride, and fear. the uniqueness of before the devil knows you're dead is the manner in which the story is told. after the robbery goes wrong, and nanette hanson (rosemary harris) who is the mother of both andy and hank is killed, the story is told from a variety of different points of view from various days before and after the robbery attempt. we learn more about the motivations of not only andy and hank but also the reaction to their father charles (albert finney) to the death of his wife. the relationship between charles and his two sons, especially to andy, is also explored and another possible motivation of sorts is discovered after it is revealed that there is little love between the two men. nanette may have been dearly loved by her sons but their father is a different story.philip seymour hoffman proves once more why he is one of the most impressive actors in hollywood today by portraying andy as not only a greedy criminal with lack of morality but also, in contradictory way, as a man we can sympathize with. ethan hawke also brings hank alive not just as a loser but really as a man just desperate to hang on to what little he has left. andy and hank are thus brought to life in such a realistic way that it is easy to think of them as not just characters but the very real images of lost and confused men who now find themselves facing the consequence of their actions.before the devil knows you're dead is a moral tale about how our actions lead to consequences that we otherwise might not expect to face. more than that, our choices also can affect those around us in ways we never expected. in what should have been best picture of the year, we see how lives are easily broken when the love of money becomes the ultimate pursuit in order to ease our troubled lives. in other words, there are no easy fixes or answers to our problems and trying to find them can only make things worse.10/10

sydney lumet, although one of the oldest active directors, still got game! a few years ago he shot "find me guilty", a proof to everyone that vin diesel can actually act, if he gets the opportunity and the right director. if he had retired after this movie (a true masterpiece in my eyes), no one could have blamed him. but he's still going strong, his next movie already announced for 2009.but let's stay with this movie right here. the cast list is incredible, their performance top notch. the little nuances in their performances, the "real" dialogue and/or situations that evolve throughout the movie are just amazing. the (time) structure of the movie, that keeps your toes the whole time, blending time-lines so seamlessly, that the editing seems natural/flawless. the story is heightened by that, although even in a "normal" time structure, it would've been at least a good movie (drama/thriller). i can only highly recommend it, the rest is up to you! :o)

before the devil knows you're dead starts off promisingly, setting up a simple heist that goes awry, told from varying perspectives (in rashomon style). at around the hour mark, sidney lumet transforms this film into something that is so much more than the sum of its parts; it eventually morphs into a multi-faceted family drama, exploring the full realm of human emotions/relations, as the story comes to its chilling climax.as is the case with lumet, he manages to coax exceptional performances out of his star-studded cast, without any notion of over-acting or hyperbole. philip seymour hoffman, in one of his best roles, is a complex, mysterious, and interesting character, and oftentimes dwarfs ethan hawke, who plays his brother, hank. that's not to say that hawke is not bad; in fact he is quite above adequate, in a troubled role that suits his style. marisa tomei is excellent for her relatively short appearance (the fact that she bares her flesh adds to this). albert finney's character (andy and hank's father) is the most intriguing, and in my opinion, he deserved a bit more screen-time. amy ryan also performs her job adequately.before the devil knows you're dead is not an exceptional movie, but it proves that lumet is still near the top of his game at the (apparent) twilight of an illustrious career. many of his characteristics and trademarks appear here, not least of which involves the use of his characters. infused with a killer script (no pun intended), smart dialogue and pacing, and a decent score, before the devil knows you're dead is a must-see. a truly underrated gem. 8/10. 3 stars (out of 4). should just enter my top 250 at 248. highly recommended.

director sidney lumet has made some masterpieces,like network,dog day afternoon or serpico.but,he was not having too much luck on his most recent works.gloria (1999) was pathetic and find me guilty was an interesting,but failed experiment.now,lumet brings his best film in decades and,by my point of view,a true masterpiece:before the devil knows you're dead.i think this film is like a rebirth for lumet.this movie has an excellent story which,deeply,has many layers.also,i think the ending of the movie is perfect.the performances are brilliant.philip seymour hoffman brings,as usual,a magnificent performance and he's,no doubt,one of the best actors of our days.ethan hawke is also an excellent actor but he's underrated by my point of view.his performance in here is great.the rest of the cast is also excellent(specially,the great albert finney) but these two actors bring monumental performances which were sadly ignored by the pathetic oscars.the film has a good level of intensity,in part thanks to the performances and,in part,thanks to the brilliant screenplay.before the devil knows you're dead is a real masterpiece with perfect direction,a great screenplay and excellent performances.we need more movies like this.

i must admit that this is the type of film that i would normally eschew, but i rented it basically because of the stars. i certainly was not sorry. in fact, as you see, i rated it five stars. this film is the perfect combination of sharp directing and superior acting.andy and hank hanson are brothers who decide to commit the uncouth crime of robbing their parents' jewelry store. the crime goes terribly wrong - thus beginning an examination of the three men in the hanson family. through a series of flashbacks, we get to know charles hanson and come to an understanding of the strained relationship between father and sons.younger brother, hank is basically a screw-up. he has always had trouble holding a job and pretty much goes in the direction of the wind. hank is insecure, cowardly, and very much under the influence of his big brother. ethan hawke has the character of hank "nailed to a t" and gives what is probably his best performance thus far. he shows us a man who is basically good-hearted but so influenced by outside forces that he is unable to follow through with any important task.andy - on the surface - appears to be a successful businessman, but we soon discover that he is addicted to drugs and has been embezzling from his company to pay for his habit. it is andy who concocts the scheme to rob his parents' store, and he gets weak-willed hank to commit the act. philip seymour hoffman - surely one of the finest actors of our time - plays andy. hoffman is an actor who has the ability to portray a man who, on the surface, is a charming businessman liked by his acquaintances but a real slime ball underneath. he is absolutely perfect for the part of andy or it might be said that he, through his superior acting skills, made andy the perfect part.albert finney plays a father common to his generation. charles hanson is not a bad or unfeeling man, but he has a lousy relationship with his sons because he never really understood what was necessary in nurturing a positive bond between his sons and himself. he has always been too quick to criticize and admonish. he always made it clear that he favored his younger son over his older thus causing a wide emotional rift between himself and andy. as we get to know charles and andy, the thought of andy forming a plan to rob from his father becomes less unbelievable.on a personal note, i cannot believe how much charles hanson reminded me of my own father, and how much andy and hank reminded me of my own brother and myself. perhaps this may be one of the reasons that i enjoyed the film so much as this story of a distant, critical father, a more successful older brother, and a less successful younger brother hit so close to home. fortunately, my brother and i never came to the state of committing a crime against my parents- guess we were made of sterner and more moral stuff.this complex of personalities and actions has been expertly put together by director, sidney lumet. at eighty-three, he still has the chops to give the audience engrossing characters and edge-of-seat action that hypnotizes. 12 angry men was his first film made fifty years prior to before the devil knows you're dead, but he hasn't lost any bit of his magic touch in showing us characters that will be long remembered.the events and characters in before the devil knows you're dead are harsh and unattractive, and this is definitely not a feel-good movie. however, it is two hours of ultimate entertainment which i thoroughly recommend.

the full title of this film is 'may you be in heaven a half hour before the devil knows you're dead', a rewording of the old irish toast 'may you have food and raiment, a soft pillow for your head; may you be 40 years in heaven, before the devil knows you're dead.' first time screenwriter kelly masterson (with some modifications by director sidney lumet) has concocted a melodrama that explores just how fragmented a family can become when external forces drive the members to unthinkable extremes. in this film the viewer is allowed to witness the gradual but nearly complete implosion of a family by a much used but, here, very sensible manipulation of the flashback/flash forward technique of storytelling. by repeatedly offering the differing vantages of each of the characters about the central incidents that drive this rather harrowing tale, we see all the motivations of the players in this case of a robbery gone very wrong. andy hanson (philip seymour hoffman) is a wealthy executive, married to an emotionally needy gina (marisa tomei), and addicted to an expensive drug habit. his life is beginning to crumble and he needs money. andy's ne're-do well younger brother hank (ethan hawke) is a life in ruins - he is divorced from his shrewish wife martha (amy ryan), is behind in alimony and child support, and has borrowed all he can from his friends, and he needs money. andy proposes a low-key robbery of a small mall mom-and-pop jewelry store that promises safe, quick cash for both. the glitch is that the jewelry story belongs to the men's parents - charles (albert finney) and nanette (rosemary harris). andy advances hank some cash and wrangles an agreement that hank will do the actual robbery, but though hank agrees to the 'fail-safe' plan, he hires a friend to take on the actual job while hank plans to be the driver of the getaway car. the robbery is horribly botched when nanette, filing in for the regular clerk, shoots the robber and is herself shot in the mess. the disaster unveils many secrets about the fragile relationships of the family and when nanette dies, charles and andy and hank (and their respective partners) are driven to disastrous ends with surprises at every turn. each of the actors in this strong but emotionally acrid film gives superb performances, and while we have come to expect that from hoffman, hawke, tomei, finney, ryan, and harris, it is the wise hand of direction from sidney lumet that make this film so unforgettably powerful. it is not an easy film to watch, but it is a film that allows some bravura performances that demand our respect, a film that reminds us how fragile many families can be. grady harp

this was one of the dvd's i recently bought in a set of six called "frenchfilm" to brush up our french before our planned holiday in beautiful provence this year. so far, as well as improving our french we have considerably enhanced our appreciation of french cinema.what a breath of fresh air to the stale, predictable, unimaginative, crash bang wallop drivel being churned out by hollywood. what a good example for screenplay writers, actors, directors and cinematographers to follow. it was so stimulating also to see two identifiable characters in the lead roles without them having to be glossy magazine cover figures. the other thing i liked about this film was the slow character and plot build up which kept you guessing as to how it was all going to end. is there any real good in this selfish thug who continually treats his seemingly naïve benefactor with the type of contempt that an ex-con would display? will our sexually frustrated poor little half deaf heroine prove herself to the answer to her dreams and the situation that fate has bestowed upon her? the viewer is intrigued by these questions and the actors unravel the answers slowly and convincingly as they face events that challenge and shape their feeling towards each other.once you have seen this film, like me you may want to see it again. i still have to work out the director's psychological motive for the sub plot in the role of the parole officer and some of the subtle nuances of camera work are worth a second look. the plot does ask for a little imagination when our hero is given a chance to assist our misused and overworked heroine in the office. you must also be broad minded to believe in her brilliant lip reading and how some of the action falls into place. but if you go along for the thrilling ride with this example of french cinema at its best you will come out more than satisfied. four stars out of five for me.

i am beginning to see a very consistent pattern form in the identity of 2007's films. if 2004 was the year of the biographies and 2005 was the year of the political films, 2007 can be identified as a year featuring a wide plethora of morality tales, films that portray, test, challenge and question human morality and the motives that drive us to do certain things. although this identification is rather broad, i think that there are a handful of films released this year, such as 3:10 to yuma, eastern promises, american gangster, no country for old men and others that specifically question and study human morals and the motives that drive us to acts such as violence or treachery. before the devil knows you're dead is a deviously stylish morality tale, and quite a dark, bleak and depressing one at that. and even better is the fact that it comes from one of the greatest classic directorial forces of our time, the legendary sidney lumet, who many have said has passed his prime but returns in full force with this viciously rich crime thriller.it's one of those films whose plots are so thick, that one is very reluctant to go into details. it is a movie that is best enjoyed if entered without any prior knowledge to the events about to unfold, as there are twists and turns. but the thick and richly wrought plot is not at all at the center of this film; the true focus is, as i mentioned, the morality tale; the motives that drive these two men to the actions they do in the film. in a plot structured like a combination between the filmographies of both the coen brothers (namely blood simple and fargo) and quentin tarantino, we see two men driven under various shady circumstances to pull off a fairly simple crime that goes incredibly, ridiculously wrong, and reciprocates with full force and inevitable tragedy. and to make it all the more interesting, the film is told in a fragmented chronology that keeps back tracking and showing a series of events following a different character every time and always ending up where it left off the last time. sizzling, sharp, thick and precariously depressing, kelly masterson's screenplay is surprisingly poignant and well rounded, in particular because it is a debut screenplay.but the film has much more going for it than just it's delectably sinister and quite depressing plot. first and foremost, the picture looks and feels outstandingly well. sidney lumet has, throughout his career, consistently employed an interesting style of cinematography and lighting: naturalistic and yet stylish at the same time. the film carries with it a distinctive air of style and class, with wonderful natural lighting that just looks really great. editing is top-notch; combining the sizzling drama-thriller aspect with great long takes that really take their time to portray the action accordingly. and vivid, dynamic camera angles and movements further add to the style. the film is also backed by a fantastically succulent musical score by carter burwell.the screenplay does its part, and of course lumet does his part, but at the film's dramatic center are three masterful actors who deliver incredibly good performances. first and foremost, there are the two leads. leading the pack is philip seymour hoffman, who has always been an excellent actor but has stumbled upon newfound leading-man status after his unnaturally fantastic oscar-winning performance in capote. his turn in this film is fascinating: severely flawed, broken, manic. hoffman has some truly intense scenes in the film that really allow his full dramatic fury to come out, and not just his subtlety and wit. at his side is ethan hawke, who has delivered some fantastic performances in many films that are almost always overshadowed by greater, grander actors. here, he bounces off hoffman and complements him so incredibly well; in all, the dynamic acting between the two of them is just so utterly fantastic and convincing, the audience very quickly loses itself in the characters and forgets that it's watching actors. and then there's albert finney. such a supple, opulent supporting role like the one he has requires a veteran professional and here finney delivers his finest performance in many years as the tragically obsessed father to the two brothers who get caught up in the crime. i love how the dynamics between the three of them play out. i love how hoffman is clearly the dominant brother and shamelessly picks on his younger brother even now that they're middle-aged men; and yet despite this, it is clear how finney's father favours hawke's younger, weaker brother. also on the topic of the cast, the two supporting female characters – wives of the brothers – also feature fantastic performances from amy ryan and marisa tomei, whose looks just get better and better as the years go by.this film isn't revolutionary. these themes and this style have already been explored by the likes of the coen brothers, and it's very easy to imagine them directing this film. but for a film that treads familiar ground, it simply excels. lumet employs his own immense directorial talent and employs his unique and very subtle sense of irony and style to masterson's brilliantly vivid, intense, and morbidly depressing first-time screenplay. the lead performances are incredibly intense and the film features absolutely fantastic turns from hoffman, hawke and finney; but the truly greatest wonder of the film is that three years after he won a lifetime achievement oscar, much revered as the ultimate sign of retirement in the film business, sidney lumet proves that he still has the immense talent to deliver a truly wonderful, resonant, intense piece of cinema reminiscent of his golden years.

says andy: "nobody gets hurt, everybody wins." before he says it, we know the opposite is true: everybody gets hurt, nobody wins. this is a new strand in american movies, or perhaps an old strand brought back at long last. think "eastern promises", "there will be blood", "no country for old men". these movies are dark, serious, extremely well made, and don't care about happy endings. i love them. "before the devil knows you're dead" fits the general description, but creates an atmosphere all its own. kelly masterson's debut script is as close as a hollywood movie will ever get to a greek tragedy. paying tribute to fellow veteran director stanley donen, sidney lumet expertly and soberly turns the sombre story into an outstanding, old school character drama. the opening shots, although of an obese accountant doggy-styling his trophy wife, have the look and feel of a dutch master's painting. by contrast, the drug dealer's condo looks more like a string of mondrians. great performances all around. only albert finney's character charles feels a little over-acted, eyes wide and mouth agape almost all the time. but then he is in trouble deep, deeper than any of the troubles most of us will ever know. for compensation, marisa tomei is super hot. but of course you don't need me to tell you that. why her character gina would want to be with a guy like andy, we're never told, but that's okay. action is character, after all. the unique and magic touch of carter burwell's music makes this fine movie a masterpiece. don't miss it.

sydney lumet hasn't had a box office hit in 20 years and yet at 83 has managed to churn out a tight, well-cast, suspenseful thriller set in his old stamping ground, new york city. (how he got insurance, let alone the budget after all those flops, is a mystery also). the story is a pretty grim one and the characters are not particularly likable but it held me on the edge of my seat till the final scene.two brothers with pressing financial problems conspire to rob a suburban jewelry store owned by their elderly parents. the only victim is going to be the insurance company. the robbery goes awry and two people die. most of the film is concerned with the aftermath. the action is non-linear and seen from the main character's differing points of view, but it is not difficult to follow. what is not so easy to work out is the back story – how did the brothers get into such a mess? there are clues – the younger brother being the baby of the family is his fathers' favorite while the older brother seems to be carrying a lot of baggage about his relationship with his father, and vice versa, but that hardly accounts for him becoming a heroin-using murdering embezzler.as the scheming older brother, a corpulent philip seymour hoffman dominates the film, but he is well supported by ethan hawke as his bullied, inadequate younger brother. albert finney as their father seems to be in a constant state of rage but then the script calls for that. marisa tomei as the older brother's cheating wife at the age of 42 puts in the sexiest performance i've seen in many a year. the film literally starts with a bang, but we are out of that comfort zone pretty quickly.i don't know the origins of this story by first time scriptwriter kelly masterton but i suspect that like lumet's great 70's film "dog day afternoon" it is based on fact – it's too silly to be untrue. lumet is just about the last of those immensely versatile old-time craftsman studio directors who with immense speed were able to direct just about anything that was put in front of them. some great films were produced that way as well as some classic turkeys. this isn't a classic of either sort – it's a well-crafted piece of downbeat entertainment. it will probably leave you feeling that you were lucky not be a member of a family as dysfunctional as this one, but still wondering as to how they got that way. we do know the parents were happy but we see so little of the mother and hear so little about her it is impossible pick up on her relationship with the boys. (there is also a daughter whose presence seems redundant). well, like tolstoy, we have to conclude that "each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way".

after a cold sex scene, between andy and gina, in south america, we know that andy is a payroll manager who finds himself in a hard economic situation where he badly needs some extra money… we also discover that he has been stealing from his job and using the money to his drug habits… he's also attempting to keep up with his wife, who just might be having an affair… to solve all their problems, he persuades his brother—a likable loser—to join him in a plan to steal their own parent's small store… their parents are happily married and proprietors of a jewelry store situated in new york's westchester county… sixty thousand dollars is all they'll need to get their life out of desperation… three main characters are important in this movie…first the two brothers… each of them is a complex individual, threatened with multiple motivations, and sunk into doubts and disappointments… the two are desperate characters, financially and emotionally…andy is selfish… he feels that he has never had the love of his father… he is the corrupting influence, turning his brother into an assailant, and his beautiful woman into an adulteress…hank is a puppet too weak to resist his brother's wishes… his ex-wife is one of the reasons he needs money as he owes her hundreds in child support…. he longs to regain the confidence he once had with his father… the third character is their weary and deplorable father charles hanson (albert finney), especially in the haunting climactic scenes…telling you more about the details could lessen the impact of the film, and therefore the entertainment...tomei's performance conveys great depth and emotion even with her look, her touch, her particular move…lumet's direction is firm, fresh and brutal.

what an extraordinary crime thriller!! my wife and i saw this at the toronto international film festival last week and it was far and away the best movie in an exceptionally strong festival. it's already my second favourite film of all-time after dr. strangelove and i was definitely on an emotional high as i walked home and discussed the film with my wife.i don't want to spoil the plot because thrillers of this calibre are best enjoyed without preconceptions. a synopsis that i'd feel comfortable sharing is that two brothers, played by phillip seymour hoffman and ethan hawke, are planning to rob a jewellery store in westchester, new york. the film bounces back and forth in time over approximately a two week period of time (before, during and after the robbery), and one key scene is repeated at least three times. ordinarily, that could disrupt the momentum of a film but that never happens during this masterpiece. the excitement, the tension, and even the quality of the acting only seemed to get better as the film progressed. by the end, i was on the edge of my seat breathlessly waiting to see how it would all wrap up. i know that i've used a few clichés in this post, but i literally was on the edge of my seat. i should mention that the non-linear storyline is quite easy to follow. this isn't the sort of movie where you'll overhear audience members asking their friend to explain the plot during the movie.the acting is absolutely brilliant all-around, and i doubt i would have the same admiration for the film if the casting hadn't been so perfect. a tiny complaint is that hoffman and hawke don't look like brothers, but that's a minor quibble that i can easily overlook. hoffman was at his very best and some of his scenes with hawke were positively electric. marisa tomei (as hoffman's wife) and albert finney (as the father of hoffman & hawke) are also very good in supporting roles. even some cameo performances were so impressive that i can still remember every remark, gesture and facial expression by brian o'byrne and michael shannon – absolute perfection. the robbery scene felt more authentic than any other cinematic robbery scene i've ever watched, and i had the same feeling of authenticity in most scenes, especially the ones with hoffman. the music helped to build up the tension throughout the movie, often the same notes played over very effectively. i had the music playing in my head the following day, even as i sat through other films. in addition to my minor complaint at the beginning of this paragraph, there was one plot twist that felt a bit unbelievable (major spoiler, so i can't describe the scene). otherwise, this film is pretty darn close to perfect.there were about a dozen great films at the festival that i would enjoy watching a second time but before the devil knows you're dead stands in a league of its own. as an aside, the director sidney lumet spoke before the film and he introduced marisa tomei and ethan hawke onto the stage. tomei didn't speak and she acted a bit shy so lumet asked "can you believe that someone so beautiful could be so camera-shy?" that comment is quite ironic considering the graphic opening scene!!

two dysfunctional brothers (philip seymour hoffman and ethan hawke) get tired of competing for who is the bigger f***-up and who daddy (albert finney) loves more, so they hatch a hair-brained scheme to rob mommy and daddy's jewelry store so that they can clear their debts and start fresh. sounds like a great plan except that this is a suspenseful 1970's style melodrama about a heist gone wrong, and boy, do things really go wrong here for our hapless duo and everyone involved. lasciviously concocted by screenwriter kelly masterson and classically executed by director sidney lumet, "before the devil knows you're dead" uses the heist as its mcguffin to delve deep into family drama.contrary to popular belief, sidney lumet is not dead. at age 83, he has apparently made a deal with the devil to deliver one last great film. lumet was at his zenith in the 1970's with films like "dog day afternoon," "serpico," and one of my favorite films of all time, "network". he has somehow managed to make a film that bears all the hallmarks of his classics while intertwining some more modern elements (graphic sexuality, violence, and playing with time-frames and pov's) into a crackling, vibrant, lean, mean, and provocative melodrama. one can only hope that some of the modern greats (like scorsese or spielberg) who emerged during the same decade lumet was at the top of his game will have this much chutzpah left when they reach that age.lumet is a master at directing people walking through spaces to create tension and develop characters. as the cast waltzes through finely appointed manhattan offices and apartments his slowly moving camera creates a palpable sense of anxiety as we never know who might be around the next corner or what this person might do in the next room. also amazing is how lumet utilizes the multiple pov and shifting time-frame approach. the coherent and classical presentation he uses makes the similarly structured films of wunderkinds christopher nolan and alejandro gonzalez inarritu seem like amateur hour.of course, what lumet is best at is directing amazing ensemble casts and tricking them into acting within an inch of their lives. philip seymour hoffman has never been, and most likely never will be, better than he is here. albert finney's quietly searing portrayal of a father betrayed and at the end of his rope is a masterpiece to watch unfold. ethan hawke, normally a nondescript pretty boy, is perfect as the emotionally crippled younger brother who has skated by far too long on his charms and looks. the coup-de-grace, however, is the series of scenes between hoffman and marisa tomei, eerily on point as his flighty trophy wife. lumet runs them through the gamut of emotions that culminate in a scene that is the best of its kind since william holden taunted beatrice straight right into a best supporting actress oscar in "network." the devil of any great film is in the details, from albert finney's tap of his car's trunk that won't close due to a fender bender, to the look amy ryan (fresh off her amazing turn in "gone baby gone") gives her ex-husband ethan hawke at his mawkish promise to his little girl all three of them knows he won't keep, to the systematic unraveling of a family on the skids, to the dialog begging for cultists to quote it (my favorite line being the hilariously threatening "do you mind if i call you chico?") to the excellent carter burwell score. "before the devil knows you're dead" is the film of the year. if something emerges to best it, then we know a few other deals must've been brokered with old scratch.

i have to say that higher learning is one of the top 3 movies i have ever watched. it has a brilliant cast, and an equally brilliant director. singleton shows how life in university can be. there are 3 main story lines, the skinheads, the african-americans, and the homosexuals. i was intrigued by all of the stories, but the one that got to me the most was the storyline about kristen, battling her feelings towards another girl. the end was great. after seeing the movie 25 times plus, i still cry. i would have given this movie an 11, but i have to settlefor 10/10.

in this little film we have some great characters but a very shallow plot. it is actually nice to watch because singleton does a great job at presenting the esoteric conflicts and the interpersonal relationships. this makes the viewer forget the nonexistent realism that this movie supposedly is for. in fact what we have here is all the possible cliches and stereotypes put on celluloid in a rate higher than that of a soap. definitely not a deep movie (even if it wants to be), but better than an average college movie.

french film directors continue to amaze with their extraordinary ability to simulate the sights and sounds of ordinary, everyday suburban life. this was readily apparent with the release early in 2002 of l'emploi du temps ( time out ) , a brilliant character study of of a white collar worker's descent into melancholy after having been fired from his job. as is the penchant of french filmmakers , many scenes were shot on real streets and in public places, giving a cinema verite feel to the story , yet l'emploi du temps also possessed an elegant look thanks to excellent camera work and some stunning location footage ( most notably a swiss mountain retreat ). running fairly on the heels of that masterful movie comes another impressive french production, jacques audiard's gritty crime caper, sur mes levres ( read my lips ). actually, to tag this film a crime caper does it a disservice because it is so much more than that. as with the earlier french release, it is an incisive character study of marginal people using their wits to get ahead in a society that has turned its back on them. in a paris construction firm carla, a shy, diminutive young woman sits at her desk, sequestered to an area of the office that is a major pathway to the xerox machines and restrooms.obnoxious coworkers use the front of carla's desk to chat and drop off their half-finished styrofoam cups of coffee. partially deaf, carla turns her hearing aids on and off at will if noise becomes bothersome, be it the drone of the paper copiers or the shrill crying of a friend's baby. when her boss calls her into the office to suggest that she hire a secretarial assistant to help her with the work load, carla fears she may lose her job. at the employment office carla lists the specifications she wants for her assistant (preferably male) as if she were at a personals agency. he should be 25 years old and clean -cut , with extensive computer and filing skills. when the agency sends over an unkempt , menacing looking young man, carla is both shocked and intrigued. they leave the office and have lunch at a local eatery, where carla interviews her prospective assistant. when she finds out that he has just gotten out of prison , carla initially wants nothing to do with paul, but has a change of heart and hires him on. although she is basically kind toward her helper, carla now finds herself in a position of authority and possessing a newfound sense of power. paul learns quickly and becomes an able worker. carla helps paul find a temporary place to live and even covers for him when his parole officer shows up one day at the office wondering why paul missed his appointment. during one of their lunch breaks carla informs paul of her hearing deficiency and reveals her ability to read lips. later, when an avaricious coworker blatantly takes over a project carla has been working on, a furious carla asks paul's help in seeking revenge on the man. from here on in sur mes levres becomes an increasingly intense crime drama escalating into some of the most violently graphic scenes that have been shown on the screen in recent years. the screenplay borrows elements from hitchcock, most notably rear window, where carla's lip-reading talent comes into full play using a pair of binoculars. there is a teasing, on-again, off-again sexual attraction between the two protagonists that culminates in a rather strange homage to north by northwest, but it works because of the considerable sexual heat that builds slowly between the two stars. that being said, what one carries away from this movie isn't so much the similarities to classic hitchcock thrillers, although those elements are definitely there, but the pervasive view a of a modern day city (in this case paris) where life runs the gamut from mundane workdays to a boozy, garish nightlife where sex, drugs and laundered money infiltrate the lives of several characters. unlike hollywood productions, this is a psychological suspense yarn where the people look like the everyday man and woman on the street, where a punch in the face or groin sounds like a sickening thud and where the office is a place to be feared. it's hitchcock with the gloves off.

when john singleton is on, he's *on*!! and this is one of his better films. not quite as tight as boyz-n-the-hood, but close to it (and with much of the same stellar cast). this film was very well written, very well put together, and very well shot. there's very little to criticize, and most of my complaints are superficial (eg: where did fudge get the money for 6 years of college and a lot of expensive stuff? no mention of a rich background... and why doesn't professor phibbs have an office? a professor of his stature *should* have one... and while we're at it, for an engineering student, hick or not, remy's a pretty dumb character - i'd think that he'd have a bit more in the way of basic intelligence - he talks and acts like a total buffoon).but that aside, the film was very sharp. a good array of characters and points of view; and singleton doesn't take sides in the story - many of the characters are unsympathetic, and he does a good job of interspersing the panthers and supremacist scenes together to show the folly on both sides.much of the cinematography was excellent; i especially loved the scene where kirsty swanson gets intimate with taryn and wayne each scene spliced together really well. also the malik/deja scenes were really well shot as well.the dialogue was a bit much at times; this film had a tendency to get *really* preachy at times, and it also tends to hammer the points it was making over your head when the points would be just as clear with out the bluntness (we really didn't need the us flag with 'unlearn' typed onto it, give some credit, we're not morons...). and to top it off, although *most* of the time singleton uses melodrama quite well, sometimes it gets *way* too cheezy (like deja's death, which is fine until she screams out 'why!!!' which simply ruined the entire effect and scene).but the acting, in general, was top of the line. fabulous performances by omar epps (perhaps the best i've ever seen), kirsty swanson (who knew buffy could act??), michael rapaport (surprised the hell out of me...after true romance and beautiful girls i though he was a one-role actor), and of course ice cube and laurence fishburne are *always* outstanding.downside? jennifer connelly was flat; though it's not completely her fault: her role was stereotypical and one-dimensional. generic to the highest degree. and tyra banks, who had the role, was nothing short of horrid. she whined and whined and whined. yet another in the long line of models-turned-actresses who failed miserably (though there are a few who prove the exception to this rule).finally, the soundtrack! wow! an amazing soundtrack (which is definitely worth buying!) which fits the film like a glove. each scene has a twin song (although the tori amos songs started to *really* annoy me by the end...not her best work). liz phair, rage against the machine, ice cube...how can one go wrong??all in all: a really good watch, a really strong cast, great script, great film. 8/10.

this was a great movie that had a lot of under lying issues. it dealt with issues of rascism and class. but, it also had a message of knowing yourself and taking responsibility for yourself. this movie was very deep it gave the message of that you and only you can control your destiny. it also showed that knowing yourself and being comfortable with who you are is the only way you will ever fit into society. what others think of you is not important. i believe this movie did a wonderful job of showing it. the actors i think were able to convey each character wonderfully. i just thought it was amazing how deep this movie really was. at a just glancing look you wouldn't see how deep the movie is, but on further look you see the underlining meaning of the movie.

this is the first movie i've seen of john singleton and he is a pretty good director. the movie starts out with a bunch of incoming freshman and it shows what happens to several of them. omar epps plays a track star with a partial scholarship and having a hard time keeping up with his work. he is friends with ice cube and beings dating tyra banks. kristy swanson is a rich girl who is date raped and becomes friends with jennifer connelly, who is a lesbian, and isn't sure about which way to go. michael rapaport is a kid from idaho who falls in with a group of neo-nazis and their leader is cole hauser. those are the three main characters and laurence fishburne is a political science professor who tries to help them. it's a great film and it's unfortunate that the studio had to make several cuts to the movie.

this movie came and went in the theaters. due to the nature of it you can see why it wasn't well received. it was unfairly panned because of its subject matter more than the actual film itself. higher learning is not spectacular but it was good film that tried to talk about a feared subject in america: racism.plot/story: higher learning is mostly centered around malik(played by omar epps), a naive track star who is has to deal with not being fast enough, and a stern professor(played by laurence fishburne). he befriends fudge(ice cube) as well as a gorgeous lady named deja(tyra banks). later on they end up having to deal with some skinheads on campus. remy(play by michael rapaport) is confused kid who ends up befriending some local skinheads on campus. once they impose their views on him, he becomes as racist as they are.opinion: higher learning is not without its flaws: character development is scarce, okay performances by omar epps, tyra banks and the leader of the skinheads(whose name i forgot), busta rhymes doesn't fit in this movie at all. plus women turning gay after being abused by men was cliché' before this film so you know i didn't like that part of the film with kristy swanson. other than that, this movie wasn't half bad. laurence fishburne was good as professor phipps(even though i could do without the accent), fudge was ice cube's best performance and michael rapaport was good as the confused remy. all in all it was one of john singleton's best movies and is one is one of the reasons i frown on the rubbish he puts out now. cinema needs more movies like higher learning, mississippi burning and american history x and less movies like baby boy, 2 fast 2 furious and a very pointless remake of shaft.

higher learning is a slap in the face for those of us that have been in the closet too long regardless of ethnic background. it's a subject most of us would like to ignore but we cannot afford to if there is to be a real progressive change in the way we have to be able embrace and understand diversity.some have criticized this film as hateful or dumb but the fact of the matter is, ignorance reigns supreme in the world and several continue to help it dominate our society.everyone involved in this film has done a good deed in showing what steps must continue to be done in order to not have to make anymore films like higher learning.sure it sounds like a pipe dream but we have to start somewhere and this helps.

i enjoyed this movie very much. kristy swanson omar epps, and ice cube were all great in it. the movie dealt with many issues, and i didn't know if i was going to like it, but singelton did a terrific job of creating characters that you really cared about.

omar epps is an outstanding actor. i really think he gets into his character alot. when deja gets shot he shows true emotion. he also shows true emotion when remmi puts the gun to him in the room. omar is a very talented actor!!

this story was probably one of the most powerful i have ever taken in. john singleton certainly went above and beyond when putting together this educational masterpiece. brilliant performances by the whole cast, but epps and rapaport turned in the best and most convincing of either young star's career.however, as a college student myself, many of the issues that singleton touched on were taken to the extreme. in a sense that, while they are issues faced on many college campuses, they aren't presented as big or out in the open as this movie would make one believe. in some instances, it almost seemed ridiculous to think that something of this nature could actually occur. however, aside from the fact that it was a little over dramatic, the film was brilliant and left me stunned, unable to talk, just think. one of the things from this picture i will remember forever, was a quote from lawrence fishburn's character, "knowledge is power, without knowledge, you cannot see your power." brilliant, just brilliant.

this movie had lots of great actors and actresses in it and it addressed some very noble issues. it's full of emotion and the direction is done well. the storyline progresses very quickly, but i guess that's better than having to watch a 3 hour movie. this is an easy movie to watch again and again and enjoy.

*** spoilers *** this movie always seems very exaggerated, until i remember that my college campus had a former-student-turned-nazi-racist-killer-who-then-committed-suicide, too: his name was benjamin nathaniel smith.look him up in the wikipedia- i added a few photos to their article about him.it's hard to believe, but this stuff really does happen.i'm not a big fan of omar epps or ice cube, but larry fishburne, kristy swanson, jennifer connelly & mike rappaport were good.

of life in (some) colleges. of course there were artistic licenses taken, but some of what you saw in this film go on in some colleges.i went to colleges in southern california where the races pretty much hang around with their own. it's funny because these are schools that want racial unity, equality etc. and i can honestly say, that it's there. but the thing is when class lets out, or when they're just hanging out waiting for class, they (students) seem to just hang around with people of their own race or ethnicity. is that bad? not really. everyone needs a feeling of belonging. but like the school paper of one of the schools i attended once wrote about that, "we should all try to hang around with students of other ethnicities and try to know them." otherwise you're creating your own segregation.racism certainly existed in one of those schools i attended. one time someone put leaflets around campus talking about the glories of the aryan race and had the symbols of some of those racist organizations. fortunately, nothing happened like the incident in the movie where the young caucasian man went off and started shooting at a multiculturalism gathering.i can only hope and pray that nothing like that ever will happen.so is "higher learning" overly dramatic? exaggerated? maybe. is it way "off mark?" it depends on where you went to or go to school. the race thing where the ethnicities just hang around with their own does happen. minus the hollywood exaggerations, the race thing hit pretty close to home for me.

first one has to take into account the time period this film was made in. 1995. rappers were in it, and that added to the flair of it.remy was a socially awkward teen trying to find his way and couldn't, until he met and was befriended by nazis. they took him in. nazi's aren't all this awkward, but like most gangs, they fill a void that is missing be it economic, social, emotional, whatever. michael rappaport played the part perfectly.omar epps was the hot shot track star, with a questionable work ethic and a chip on his shoulder. he kept trying to feel sorry for himself and his plight, and had his girlfriend and professor to straighten him out on it.kristen was a young white girl trying to find herself and trying to fit in, until she was date raped. she then found her self experiment with her sexuality, and getting involved politically.this film deals with racism and like most things that deal with racism, people's own perspectives come into play.i read so many comments about how there were no 'evil' black characters but there were evil white one (nazis). so what? remy wasn't portrayed as evil at all, he was trying to find his way, and kept failing until some skinheads accepted him. he was scared, it was sad to see him devolve how he did. he even says right before he kills himself, i didn't mean it, i wanted to be an engineer.ice cube and busta rhymes were angry black men, ice cube was somewhat of an intellectual, and busta rhymes was just portrayed as a dumb thug. they both showed no consideration at all for their roommates, and generally appear to not like white people very much. they were angry like the nazis but not on the level of nazis in terms of overall badness. sorry if this makes it seem unfair, but are there really black groups like the nazis? no.people say it shows white=-bad black=good. not true, the only bad white characters were the nazis and the police, which is more or less true in real life. kristen was a good girl, her boyfriend (omar epps roommate) was a good guy, and even remy was a good guy, he was just misguided.omar epps, ice cube and busta were seriously flawed characters, angry and inconsiderate. although their constant harassment by police seemed to justify some of their anger. remy's inability to fit in seemed to justify his anger as well.good movie, well done. like all movies that deal with racism, its a great piece to get a discussion going.i don't think cube and busta coulda beat those nazis though.

john singleton's finest film, before blockbuster wannabees like the shaft remake, this is a thought-provoking movie with overall great acting and superb balance between the stories 3 main characters, each with identifiable youngster problems.what i liked about it most is that it also covers the problem of selfpity among young blacks, a problem mostly ignored by the media and other films who mostly focus on social-economical problems and racism by whites. this movie shows that blacks can be equally ignorant and racist.the masterful thing about this film is that it deals with so many topics without getting shallow. it's not just about racism, but about how hard it can be to adopt to a new world (college), date rape, discovering sexuality and isolation. omar epps, michael rapaport and kristy swanson each deliver fine performances, and the supporting cast is equally interesting with jennifer connelly as a lez (yay) and with ice cube and busta rhymes as college bums causing little riots.the only negative is the caricature of a professor by laurence fishburne ("peppermint?"). surely, plenty of professors are nutty. but they're not as flat. the skinheads are also a bit of a caricature, but i guess they are like that too in real life.overall a great underrated piece of filmwork, if you liked american history x you'll love this one.8,5 out of 10

the film's design seems to be the alpha and omega of some of the major issues in this country (u.s.). we see relationships all over at the university setting for the film. befittingly, the obvious of student v.s. teacher is present. but what the film adds to its value is its other relationships: male v.s. female, white v.s. black, and the individual v.s. society. but most important of all and in direct relation to all of the other relationships is the individual v.s. himself. i was amazed at how bilateral a point of view the director gave to showing the race relations on campus. most films typically show the injustices of one side while showing the suffering of the other. this film showed the injustices and suffering of both sides. it did not attempt to show how either was right, although i would say the skin heads were shown a much crueler and vindictive (quite obvious towards the end). the film also discusses sex and rape. it is ironically this injustice that in some ways brings the two races together, for a time. lawrence fishburne does an over-the-top performance as the sagacious profesor phipps. he crumbles the idea of race favortism and instead shows the parallelism of the lazy and down-trodden with the industrious and positive. other stars that make this film are omar epps, ice cube, and jennifer connelly. michael rapaport gives an excellent portrayal of a confused youth with misplaced anger who is looking for acceptance. tyra banks make her film debut and proves supermodels can act.higher learning gets its name in showing college as more than going to class and getting a piece of paper. in fact, i would say the film is almost a satire in showing students interactions with each other, rather than some dry book, as the real education at a university. it is a life-learning process, not a textual one. i think you'll find "higher learning" is apropos to the important issues at many universities and even life in general. 8/10

to be honest, i had no idea what this movie was about when i started it. that's how i watch movies whenever possible. no preconception. i thought this was going to be a movie about stoners in the woods or something. i was wrong, kinda.loaded was kind of boring at first but once it started to get going it really hooked me. i know the feeling of being sucked into something dangerous where you feel helpless but to do things that you do not want to do.another user commented on how this movie was silly and implausible but i beg to differ. these kinds of things do happen. i'm sorry but not everyone lives in a dream world where nothing bad can happen and crazy situations are "implausible". really sorry but the reality of the world is that they do happen. the creator of this movie as well as the actors did a great job of portraying how things can just go bad and how people can make really bad choices. sometimes things turn out good, sometimes they turn out bad and such is life.i highly recommend this movie.

yeah, the poster is quite a horrible piece of work.i thought the movie was ok...nothing really outstanding...i just was hoping that he would be a hardcore druggie and totally trash his life.ahh, but that can't happen to rich kids now can it? not to the son of a wealthy businessman who holds big ballroom parties and has a nice manicured lawn on the front of the mini mansion.no...the kid is too good to have his life totally trashed. after all, who will drive the brand new suv and who will go to law school? ah, the poor little rich kids...in their quaint pretty house, with their ivy league schools, ultra clean homes and socialite parties...what will the world do without them? i hope they all get addicted to drugs, pass-away their life and end up in jail...so maybe we can see movies that don't all revolve around the poor little rich boys and girls of the surreal world.

generally it was a good movie with an ideal ending; the acting was spectacular and the characters didn't stray from their persons. i especially liked the plot, although you knew what was going to happen it still gave the element of surprise through out the entire movie. however, i find that coming on to the ending it could have been a little longer (extended maybe)- to me it seemed like it was rushed a bit; as if the writer was trying to take linens off the lines before the rain fell. for instance- what happened to tristan's brother, hayden? for all we know he died in the hospital. maybe he was the one that setup the entire thing?! who knows! maybe there will be a sequel? maybe? if there is.. i cant wait to see it.

double exposure was a tremendous surprise. it contains outstanding acting (particularly from the underrated callan), fine cinematography and a compelling storyline. in other words, it's one of the finest horror efforts to emerge from the 1980s.callan plays a fashion photographer who experiences dreams of murdering his models, at a time when he is reunited with his psychologically volatile brother (who happens to be missing an arm and a leg). when the models callan dreams about killing actually turn up dead, the photographer begins to doubt his own sanity... but there is more to the picture than he is seeing.this film never received the praise it deserves. most critics and filmgoers lump it in with the horde of slasher films released at the same time, but it stands high above the bulk of that sorry lot. it's clever and unique, which isn't something one can comfortably say about most films of this genre, but it's also passionately crafted and performed. double exposure is a gem of its kind.

troubled men's magazine photographer adrien wilde (well played with considerable intensity by michael callan) has horrific nightmares in which he brutally murders his models. when the lovely ladies start turning up dead for real, adrien worries that he might be the killer. writer/director william byron hillman relates the engrossing story at a steady pace, builds a reasonable amount of tension, delivers a few gruesomely effective moments of savage misogynistic violence (one woman who has a plastic garbage bag with a rattlesnake in it placed over her head rates as the definite squirm-inducing highlight), puts a refreshing emphasis on the nicely drawn and engaging true-to-life characters, further grounds everything in a plausible everyday world, and tops things off with a nice smattering of tasty female nudity. the fine acting from an excellent cast helps matters a whole lot: joanna pettet as sunny, charming love interest mindy jordache, james stacy as adrien's macho double amputee brother b.j., seymour cassel as adrien's concerned psychiatrist dr. frank curtis, don potter as adrien's feisty gay assistant louis, pamela hensley as gutsy homicide detective sergeant fountain, cleavon little as a hard-nosed police chief, and misty rowe as sweet, bubbly model bambi. r. michael stringer's polished cinematography makes impressive occasional use of breathtaking panoramic aerial shots. jack goga's ominous rattling score likewise does the trick. popping up in cool bit parts are robert tessier as a gruff bartender, sally kirkland as a saucy hooker, kathy shower as a fierce female wrestler b.j. grapples with in the ring, and frances bay in one of her standard old woman roles. a solid and enjoyable picture.

to call this episode brilliant feels like too little. to say it keeps up the excellent work of the season premiere is reductive too, 'cause there's never been a far-from-great sopranos episode so far. in fact, the title might be a smug invitation for those who aren't real fans yet: join the club...picking up where junior left off (putting a bullet in his nephew's gut after mistaking him for a crook he killed in the first season), the story begins with tony being absolutely fine. with no recollection whatsoever of what happened to him, he's attending some kind of convention. only he's not speaking with his normal accent, and there seems to be something wrong with his papers: apparently, he is not tony soprano but kevin finnerty, or at least that's what a group of people think, and until the mess is sorted out he can't leave his hotel.naturally, in pure sopranos tradition, that turns out to be nothing but a dream: tony is actually in a coma, with the doctors uncertain regarding his fate, his family and friends worried sick and junior refusing to believe the whole thing actually happened. unfortunately it did, and anthony jr. looks willing to avenge the attempt on his father's life.dreams have popped up rather frequently in the series, often as some kind of spiritual trial for the protagonists (most notably in the season five show the test dream). join the club, however, takes the metaphysical qualities of the program, already hinted at by the previous episode's use of a william s. burroughs poem, and pushes the envelope in the most audacious way: tony hallucinating about his dead friends (the first occurrence of the sort was caused by food poisoning, four seasons ago) is one thing, him actually being in what would appear to be purgatory is radically different. the "heavenly" section of the story is crammed with allegorical significances, not least the name tony is given (as one character points out, spelling it in a certain way will give you the word "infinity"), and none of it comes off as overblown or far-fetched: david chase has created a piece of work that is far too intelligent to use weird set-ups just for their own sake; it all helps the narrative. talking about "help from above" in the case of tony soprano might be stretching it a tad, though.

its too bad a lot of people didn't understand this and the next episode.but don't worry! ill explain it too you :)this episode is split in 2 parts.first part is tony's "dream" in his coma. second part is what happens in real life.now what people didn't understand is that tony's dream is more then just a dream. in this episode its about his preparation for his death. he loses his own identity and eventually even forgets himself, thus he disconnects all his bindings with this world. you will notice what i'm saying at the doctor scene, where tony says he has lost his briefcase which contains "his life". they makers really did a superb job of interpreting they're own thoughts of what happens when you die. if you understand the whole plot you will find this and the next episode an unique thing, with great spiritual meanings.like every sopranos episode the acting and filming is superb. only thing i didn't understand was what the role where of the monks. gonna re watch it till i get this.anyways this episode really touched me, and i don't think anyone else can make a better view of what happens in a almost death experience.10/10 no doubt.

let me start off by saying that after watching this episode for the first time on dvd at 10 o'clock p.m. one night, i could not fall asleep until about 3:00 a.m.this brief review may contain spoilers.i'm a long-time fan of the sopranos and i can safely say this is the best episode i've seen. i'm not saying everyone should feel this way, but i do. this episode is identical to the weekend i spent with my family, watching over my own father, comatose in the icu before he passed.the episode begins with tony in an alternate reality: he is a salesman who's identity has been mistaken for that of a man named kevin finnerty.by the time ten minutes had gone by, i knew either tony was dreaming, or i was watching some other show. it wasn't like the normal sopranos and i loved it.option 1 is confirmed when anthony (or "kevin") looks into the sky at a "helicopter spotlight" and we see prodding through it, a doctor with a flashlight. we see this only for a moment and the sequence plays out until we go back to real life in a situation similar to the one i just stated.tony has come out of the coma for only a moment. his boys take a.j. home and carmella, overcome by stress, breaks down in the hallway: a signature moment in the episode.for the remainder of the episode, we cut in between the real world: the family dealing with the potential negative outcome of this coma, and tony's alternate reality, which parallels what's going on both in his mind and in the real world around him.then comes the stellar point in the episode: after a.j. finishes telling his mother he's flunked school, she walks in to see meadow sitting at anthony's side.she approaches tony, and utters the best line of the episode: "anthony, can you hear us?" in tony's world, he enters a dark hotel room and turns on a light. he takes off his shoes and goes to the phone. he tries to dial, but he cannot--as if he were trying to say something back to carmella, but couldn't physically bring himself to do so. not yet.he sits down and looks out his window. a shimmering light that has reoccurred throughout the episode now seems to call to him from the other side of the city."when it's cold i'd like to die" by moby marries perfectly with these last images and helps in creating an emotional roller-coaster of an episode.10 out of 10.p.s.: watch the next episode. you find out what the light is. it's wonderful.

with the badly injured tony in an induced coma, two things happen: tony imagines himself leading the life of a salesman attending a business convention, while his family and friends go through hell trying to cope with the possible loss of the big man. the dream sequences are right out of an old twilight zone episode, as tony finds himself transformed into an average joe trying to deal with a missing wallet and mixed-up identities while on a cross-country business trip. his intonation as a blazer- and khaki-wearing schnook is more mid-american and less that of an italian thug from noo joisey. a nice touch. the shockingly long-haired, hippy-dippy aj (whom paulie calls "van helsing" at one point) has a nice scene with his comatose old man. the best moment has the big boys trying to talk about life without tony, which immediately breaks down into a territorial dispute. vito gets off a line about the new-dead gene possibly having been a closet case, which is interesting in light of what we are about to learn about vito.

okay, i didn't get the purgatory thing the first time i watched this episode. it seemed like something significant was going on that i couldn't put my finger on. this time those costa mesa fires on tv really caught my attention- and it helped that i was just writing an essay on inferno! but let me see what hasn't been discussed yet...a twop review mentioned that tony had 7 flights of stairs to go down because of the broken elevator. yeah, 7 is a significant number for lots of reasons, especially religious, but here's one more for ya. on a hunch i consulted wikipedia, and guess what dante divided into 7 levels? purgatorio. excluding ante-purgatory and paradise. (the stuff at the bottom of the stairs and... what tony can't get to.) on to the allegedly "random" monk-slap scene. as soon as the monks appeared, it fit perfectly in place with tony trying to get out of purgatory. you can tell he got worried when that christian commercial (death, disease, and sin) came on, and he's getting more and more desperate because christian heaven is looking kinda iffy for him. by the time he meets the monks he's thinking "hey maybe these guys can help me?" which sounds like contemplating other religions (e.g. buddhism) and wondering if some other path could take him to "salvation". not that tony is necessarily literally thinking about becoming a buddhist, but it appears finnerty tried that (and messed up). that slap in the face basically tells tony there's no quick fix- as in, no, you can't suddenly embrace buddhism and get out of here. tony was initially not too concerned about getting to heaven. but at the "conference entrance", he realizes that's not going to be so easy for him. at first i saw the name vs. driver's license problem as tony having led sort of a double life, what with the killing people and sleeping around that he kept secret from most people. he feels free to have an affair with quasi-melfi because "he's kevin finnerty". he figures out that he can fool some people with kf's cards, like hotel receptionists, but it won't get him out of purgatory. those helicopters- the helicopters of heaven?- are keeping track of him and everything he does.after reading all the theories on "infinnerty", though, it seems like kf's identity is a reminder of the infinite different paths tony could've taken in his life. possibly along with the car joke involving infiniti's that made no sense to me otherwise. aaaand at that point my brain fizzles out.

let's start this review out on a positive note -- i am very glad they didn't decide to wimp out with tony being shot and do a retrospective season like some people were rumoring. actually, creator and writer of this episode david chase did quite the opposite. we don't actually know if tony will live or die. he's in a coma and his chances of recovering are very slim to none. this episode seemed to move very slow, and the coma induced dream tony was in involving mistaken identity and robed asian monks slapping the sh*t out of him was absolutely, flat-out weird. after 45-minutes i got a little sick of everyone grieving, but that shouldn' t be a reason to slam this episode. it was a weird and unpredictable episode, but it was still well-written and intense. edie falco gave an astounding career-defining performance in this episode as the conflicted wife having to face with her husband's could-be demise. i also found it interesting aj dropped out of school and swore a vendetta against junior, which aj most likely won't have the balls to pull off. silvio is now acting-boss which opens numerous doors to problems in later episodes. there were a lot of great quips in this episode, also, and i think vito 'pole-smoker' spadafore may meet his demise if he keeps being a greedy s.o.b.this wasn't a great episode and disappointed only because even though tony kills people, we as an audience adore him and feel he is our hero of the show. this was a necessary episode for the series, even though it was a little snore inducing towards the conclusion. kudos to edie falco's performance, and david chase and the writers for creating this wholly original and unpredictable plot twist. this is the only season of 'the sopranos' where i haven't a f*cking clue where it is going to go. i can't wait for next week's episode. my rating: 7.5/10 best line of the episode: (paulie to aj): "let's go, van helsing!"

dead to rights is about a police officer named jack slate who finds his murdered father and goes after the man that he thinks killed him.jack is later shot and framed for the murder of the man he suspected of killing his father.several months later on the day jack is going to be executed he escapes from prison and searches the city for the man who framed him for murder.jack's search leads him through a trail of *beep* that doesn't end until everyone is dead.through out the game jack uses weapons from m4 carbines to his dog shadow to kill endless streams of people in 15 levels.the game play is basically "kill 30 people,find switch to open door.kill 50 people,find switch to open door" over and over until the level is done.there are fun mini games too like playing as a stripper to distract bouncers at a night club so jack can get to another area in the club,or bomb disarming.dead to rights is also a hard game.you will be put in an area swarming with bad guys armed with sub machine guns while you only have a pistol.near the end of the game skill turns to dust and you have to rely on luck.dead to rights is as gory as it is hard.if you shoot a guy in the face with a shot gun blood will splatter on the walls,ceiling and floor.and since there are several guys in each area the walls will be painted in blood.family fun for everyone.

this is no art-house film, it's mainstream entertainment. lot's of beautiful people, t&a, and action. i found it very entertaining. it's not supposed to be intellectually stimulating, it's a fun film to watch! jesse and chace are funny too, which is just gravy. definitely worth a rental.so in summary, i'd recommend checking it out for a little friday night entertainment with the boys or even your girl (if she likes to see other girls get it on!)the villains are good too. vinnie, corey large, the hatian guy from heroes. very nasty villains.

i've read countless of posts about this game being so similar to max payne, when i played it the first time i thought it was a bit weird arcade-like game with a desire to rip-off the max payne style (not just bullet-time). so when i played it for a couple of hours i realized how much fun it is! and how different from "max payne", yeah the bullet time is a bit similar but i think it fits differently to the game-style. this game is non-stop action - a mix between a shoot'em up and a fight'em up, so much fun, as a big fan of max payne i must say that the storyline of dtr is not near to the greatness of max payne, the graphics are a bit average and some of the levels look the same, but if you want a bit more of that "bullet-time" you should definitely own this game.

once again, i was browsing through the discount video bin and picked up this movie for $4.88. fifty-percent of the time the movies i find in the bin are pure crap (i mean horrible beyond belief) but half the time they turn out to be surprisingly good. this movie is much better than i expected. i found it very engaging, though it was obviously made by an amateur. the direction is nothing special, but the story is intriguing with some good thrills. i expected it to be more of a comedy, but i wasn't too disappointed. for a thriller, this movie is surprisingly good-natured. there's no bloody violence, no profanity, no nudity, no sex. usually, these movies require all four of those elements. the pg rating is well-deserved--not like "sixteen candles" where the "f" word is used twice and there's a brief gratuitous nude scene. i just wish the romance between corey haim and his love interest could've been developed more. the film does tend to be plot-heavy, and the potentially good subplots are pushed off to the side. instead of developing a chemistry between the two of them, we end up watching a careless three-minute montage of them on their romantic endeavors. they end up kissing at the end, but there's so little chemistry that it seems forced."the dream machine" is no gem, but it's good, clean entertainment. it's quite forgettable--especially with a cast of unknowns, except for haim--but it's also much better than you'd expect. my score: 7 (out of 10)

this movie is visually stunning. who cares if she can act or not. each scene is a work of art composed and captured by john derek. the locations, set designs, and costumes function perfectly to convey what is found in a love story comprised of beauty, youth and wealth. in some ways i would like to see this movie as a tribute to john and bo derek's story. and...this commentary would not be complete without mentioning anthony quinn's role as father, mentor, lover, and his portrayal of a man, of men, lost to a bygone era when men were men. there are some of us who find value in strength and direction wrapped in a confidence that contributes to a sense of confidence, containment, and security. yes, they do not make men like that anymore! but, then how often do you find women who are made like bo derek.

bo derek's beauty and john derek's revolutionary direction make this film worthwhile. bo, looking more gorgeous than ever, is a recently widowed woman who is experiencing visitations from her 'dead' husband (anthony quinn). he has a plan. bo must procure the body of a young man so that her ghost of a husband can make his transformation from spectre back to corporeal life. can she find a fitting candidate? how will she do him in so tony can do his thing? with bo's attributes, john's unique direction, quinn's film presence, and, thanks to john, a very pretty exotic look to the entire film, this movie is pleasant viewing.

if you like film, don't miss this one. if you prefer action, or horror, or romance, then you'll wonder what's happening. everyone here is stuck in a gangster film. and what happens is transcendental murder.there are few similar films. no doubt it will see limited release, and be hard to find. but the search will be worth it. if you want to study a mileu as a potential symbol, then this is indeed a film to study.you can't watch it once. if you do you'll never see what's happening. dark city is better. joe vrs. the volcano is more fun. but mad dog time could convert the gangsta crowd to symbolism. . .or at least to think twice before shooting again.

hint number one - read the title as "the time of the mad dog," or perhaps dogs. this is a pretty good ensemble piece (look at the cast and rent it - you know you're curious already), and first-time director bishop gives them their chance, taking his time, letting the characters interact and chew the scenery as they wait - not enthusiastically - for the return of "the big boss" and whatever revenge ensues.for some of us, the highlight is seeing christopher jones after his self-imposed exile from films; he remains a commanding film presence. and yes, with christopher jones, larry bishop and richard pryor involved, this is the "wild in the streets" reunion party!

before i start, i should point out that i know the editor of this film. we've never met, but we belong to the same fanzine(those things which came before message boards), and we have talked on the phone, so i do have a bias here. anyway...somehow, it's ironic how while the "rat pack" culture of the late 50's and early to mid-60's made a comeback in the mid-90's, this movie, from the son of one of the original rat pack, and which was made in a similar fashion, was a flop. not only that, it was a critical flop; i believe peter travers of rolling stone was the only one who did not savage this(he gave it a mixed review, as i recall). and while i don't think this is the greatest film in the world, and i am not a fan of the rat pack, or "cocktail," culture, i do think this is worth seeing.for one thing, this looks stylish, and moves right along. for another, the core performances are all good. richard dreyfus is surprisingly restrained here as the head gangster coming back from a sanitarium, and has a droll edge to him. jeff goldblum goes back to the quietly ironic performances he gave in his pre-blockbuster days, like the big chill. and while ellen barkin is only required to vamp in this movie, she does it entertainingly. admittedly, it's not a great film; the dialogue is mostly made up of puns, and a lot of them don't work(like the whole "zen of ben" speech). and gabriel byrne and kyle maclachlan are awful here. still, i was entertained, and if you like gangster films, you might be too.

it was hard for me to believe all of the negative comments regarding this all-star flick. i laughed through the entire picture, as did my entire family. the movie clearly defined itself as an old time gangster comedy--the players were hysterical--i'll bet they had a good old time while making it. of course goldblum and dreyfuss were great--and how about those everly sisters, each of the two falco's, and the divine music throughout. rob reiner made a great laughing limo driver, and gabriel byrne a laughable neurotic. not to mention gregory hines, burt reynolds, the sleepy joe character and the whole mortuary and grave digger references. paul anka was his usual entertaining self, with the added attraction of running scared after byrne decided to make a duet of his "my way" welcome home to vick performance.i am of the opinion that this movie was a comical tribute to frank sinatra and friends; dreyfuss imitated him well. i am also of the opinion that no one, of any age, would even think of imitating the actions which occurred in this movie--it's a joke--not a terrifying "gangsta" film. the cars and clothing were impressive, as was the decorative, "vic's place."truly, i think of "mad dog time" as a musical comedy, less harmful than many cartoons, tv crime dramas, and talk shows. i would recommend the video for an evening of family entertainment.

i love this movie. it's wacky, funny, violent, surreal, played out in a madman's head, and definitely not your usual comedy. if you don't find the film amusing then i guess it's just not for your tastes, so this is a tough one to write a review for.for reference, some other comedies i love are the big lebowski, the princess bride, and zoolander (that one only got me the second time around). there are others, but my taste is definitely for the unusual, and i am willing to accept that most people just don't tend to like that kind of thing. i make no apologies for having an unusual sense of humour - at least i have one.the scenes and characters of this particular movie are well put together, the verbal humour is hilarious, the situations are intriguing, the acting is very good (as you would expect of the cast), though the acting demands made of the cast by the script are not particularly high. the overall package makes for fun, funny, watchable yet violent entertainment.

this has to be one of my favourite movies of all time. the dialogue, with the constant use of puns is very tight, the cast are superb, and the plot is highly original.don't take my word for it - watch this movie and enjoy it for yourself.

simply, one of the funiest movies i've ever seen. it's a parody of crime-life, parody of everything that represents the chicago 1930.- there is no realy need to underestimate this movie because rating is under 5. its a opinion of a mass, and mass is hypnotized. who decide to watch it - it will regret, who decide not to watch it - will regret more.

loopy, but shrewd and formidable mob boss vic (an excellent performance by richard dreyfuss) gets released from a mental hospital. several of vic's fellow criminal cohorts who include volatile henchman "brass balls" ben london (a gloriously manic and over-the-top hammy portrayal by gabriel byrne), the smarmy jake parker (a perfectly smug kyle maclachlan), and vicious rival "wacky" jacky jackson (a neat turn by burt reynolds) all try to bump vic off. meanwhile, laid-back and self-assured hit-man mickey holliday (nicely played with low-key confidence by jeff goldblum) finds himself caught in the middle of all this deadly lunacy. writer/director larry bishop brings a supremely hip, quirky, and original idiosyncratic sensibility to this deliciously dark and deadpan pitch-black comedy about betrayal, loyalty, and ruthless ambition run dangerously amok. the bang-up cast have a field day with the colorfully grotesque rogues' gallery of blithely amoral and treacherous hoodlums: ellen barkin as tough, sultry moll rita everly, henry silva as vic's reliable right-hand man sleepy joe carisle, gregory hines as philosophical smoothie jules flamingo, diane lane as vic's sweet, perky mistress grace, billy drago as the slimy wells, and christopher jones as brutish rub-out artist nicholas falco. bishop makes the most of his juicy secondary role as lethal and laconic ace assassin nick. popping up in nifty bits are billy idol as a blustery thug, michael j. pollard as the ill-fated red, joey bishop as mortician mr. gottlieb, rob reiner as a jolly chauffeur, and richard pryor as jimmy the gravedigger. byrne's delightfully insane duet with singer paul anka on "my way" rates as a definite sidesplitting highlight. a tense and amusing climactic mexican stand-off likewise tickles the funny bone something hysterical. frank byers' slick cinematography, the outrageously nutty dialogue, earl rose's jazzy cocktail lounge score, and a choice soundtrack of vintage swinging golden oldies all further enhance the engagingly peculiar charm of this immensely entertaining one-of-a-kind curio.

i don't know much about the rat pack, and frank sinatra always seemed a bit too self-consciously full of himself to me. so when i call this one of my all-time faves, it's nothing to do with a tribute-band mentality. as another reviewer says, mad dog time is about symbolism, not realism. it's kafkaesque (a pity kyle maclachlan is probably the weakest of a very strong crowd, when he was so good as josef k), it's stylish, knowing, sardonic and slick. jeff goldblum is navigating his way around a variety of characters, trying not to get shot and acting deftly rather than dorkily, trying to stay abreast of what he knows and others don't, whom he can outshoot and whom he can't. gabriel byrne and richard dreyfuss (his best performance) have a ball, and the supporting cast look spot-on. the symbolism, the settings (the one outdoor motion shot with jeff goldblum walking down the steps seems really weird after so much lounge lizardry), the dialogue (style, not practicality, is the order of the day), it's all about characters interacting, not really gangsterism. fun to watch, must've been fun to do. what the critics were up to is really a mystery...

i originally saw this very dark comedy around 2000 or so on cable tv. what a surprise and delight! everyone is covertly armed in this movie! dreyfuss plays the "mental" don (remember the new york don who was supposed to be schizophrenic? art imitates life or vice-versa?). diane lane and ellen barkin are at their most beautiful and not to be toyed with! thus proving that beauty and toughness do go together! then there is the great "bullshit" scene between barkin and jeff goldblum (rita and mickey) where they verbally play off the world "bullshit." this film is both subtle and bald. for all the shooting, it can be a very quiet film. and, you have the opportunity to see several actors in their final or near final roles. joey bishop. richard pryor. henry silva. it is not a film for everyone. but, if you like a film that has a lot of word play and keeps moving without blowing up everything in sight, this is the film for you. roger ebert dumps on this film. he's flat wrong. this is a fine, fine film! maybe just not one for ebert. i consider it as a 10 because of how well it is done and how funny the script can be, while not really being a straight comedy kind of film. i like it so well that i bought it on dvd because it just doesn't get shown very much on cable tv. now, it's all mine!

most of the comments have been positive but i would like to add that viewers should also focus on the sets. the set designer used a lot of beautiful art deco treatments along with beautiful buildings, stairs, doors, furniture and so forth. it is worth paying attention to. the movie is driven by characterization and symbolism which is very rich. all the gangster actors were cast - it was like seeing old friends and it was a treat. the dialog was amusing at times but stilted at times and i suppose it was meant to be that way. this is a film buff's film. it was made by people, for people who love the medium. don't miss this one.

when seeing this movie you should take notice to that it´s not a normal movie. it has no real story just characters, a bunch of gangster characters who come together in a perfect harmony. the dialogue is wonderful, you can just lay back and listen. the movie stands out thats why it´s hard to find a right way of describing it.thats why the user comments on this movie is so mixed.i for one love the movie and recommend it to all who love one-liners and things that differ from the "normal". you can´t really put the finger on what´s so wonderful about it it´s just a comical world where gangsters rule. a place of love and danger. a movie that you can see more than one time.

this movie is great. simply. it is rare that you find a comedy with levels, and this is a bloody good example of such. when i saw this movie first, as the credit rolled, a friend and i looked to one another and asked... 'did you just catch that?' for those doubters, look at the levels. see the comparisons between vick and the people in the club, the dna! see the diverse characters, each jostling for position, and if you see nothing else, see the connection between the cure of vick and the path through the film. it's all in vick's head! the opening line about vick's world. the closing scene with the camera going into vick's head, and inside, a whole universe! thoroughly quotable, wonderful cartoon gangsters, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful!

this a superb self-contained work that is unconnected with anything before or after. brat pack crooning and club exclusivity are not my biscuits of choice, but in this law-free world they make an alluring ambiance. the film is packed with our guys, distinctive actors who add distinction to this work with winning performances. the dialogue is a joy. in fact it's a new vernacular. one of the few films that can be watched repeatedly with deepening appreciation.highpoints include billy idol's british loutishness, ben london's vulturine brassware, kyle's squirmishness, and the survey of ad hoc philosophies.

the world is a terrible place. but this movie is farce and it's fun. and if you don't like it... you don't get it... and if you don't get... it doesn't matter. it's up to you if you want to play along. every actor in this one had fun. it's only a joke. and that's good enough for me. gabriel byrne is priceless. byrne and paul anka doing my way is, as "vic" puts it, "...the best version ever". okay... it's no masterpiece, but it's not bad. i was warned against seeing it, but i'm sure glad i did...

not a movie for everyone, but this movie is in my top 10. i am a lover of black comedy. with a cast including richard dreyfus (vic), jeff goldblum (mick), larry bishop (nick) and gabriel byrne (ben 'brass balls' london) in the leads, the lines can't help but be dry. the supporting cast is nearly dead center. counting the minor flaws in the movie: ellen barkin's make-up gave her face has a washed out look; there were a couple of gimme cameos by joey bishop and richard pryor that served no purpose, and michael j. pollard's screen time was too short. over all, the cast was just incredible without egos to wreck a fine script. if you have seen larry bishop's (writer, director) film, underworld (a dark crime flick), you will enjoy this one. his next outing (writer, director, actor) is hell ride with michael madsen and quentin tarantino.

if you are used to seeing gabriel byrne in serious roles such as tom in millers crossing or keaton in the usual suspects i recommend you take a look at this film. even if you are not a fan of gabriel byrne in particular, all the actors in this film give really great performances. if you've got about eleven bucks (that is close to nine quid) i say order it online, or rent it from you favorite movie rental place. guaranteed to make you laugh, whether or not you normally like gangster type movies. mad dog time/trigger happy is one of those movies you never forget, and find yourself watching over and over. you will talk about it so much your friends will be begging to borrow it.

i liked this show a lot - we got the first and only, it would appear, series in the uk on channel 4. the characterisation was right on the money - a bit like the simpsons in that all the different facets of small town populace were represented.there was no laughter track - i hadn't seen this on an american tv comedy at the time except for on larry sanders and it really worked well here, heightening the suggestion that these wacky cops were really like that, and not just hamming it up for the cameras.all in all, a quirky little number that tickled me just right: i can't help but think that maybe it missed it's mark with certain audiences. i think it would have been a cult hit in the uk had it been shown at an acceptable hour.i'll round this off with my standard comment: where the hell can i get hold of this to watch it again? any ideas?

only saw this show a few times, but will live in my memory. it is very frustrating that it is so difficult to find this anywhere to purchase and yet there seem to be endless repeats of stuff like friends! especially even more difficult to obtain being in england i guess..?they say it was low ratings or was it a complaint from the bakersfield pd themselves? maybe it was just too clever for certain people? anyhow, just about the one comedy i would love to see again but is almost impossible to find. i hear it is being or has been repeated on another network? but alas not over here!!summary: ingenious.

prominent attorney walter pidgeon takes a murder case pro bono, wins an acquittal and discovers that his client (keefe braselle) was not only guilty but part of an extortion ring reaching to the highest eschelons of the city. panged by his own complicity, he undertakes an investigation, stumbles onto the identity of the "unknown man" who heads the syndicate, and murders him.the ironies engage when braselle is charged with this second murder and pidgeon must defend him by pointing to the existence of another "unknown man" -- himself. though somewhat short of urban grit and long on rhetoric, the unknown man belongs to the noir cycle less by style or structure than by its acknowledgement of the pervasive corruption of american municipal politics that came to light in the postwar years.

walter pidgeon is braley mason, a civil attorney who takes on a criminal case in "the unknown man," a 1951 film also starring ann harding, barry sullivan, keefe braselle, and richard anderson. a great believer in justice, pidgeon accepts a pro bono case defending a young man, rudi walchek (braselle) accused of murder and gets him acquitted. shortly afterward, he realizes that the man is guilty and was extorting protection money from his victim as well as other shopkeepers in the neighborhood. he is advised by the da (sullivan) that rudi is small change, that to wipe out the organized crime, one has to find the top man. mason finds the top man, and is faced with a dilemma."the unknown man" is a small, black and white film that manages to hold the viewer's interest with its various plot twists, though the plot is somewhat contrived. it's really the story of a good man seeking his god, justice, and what he is willing to do in order to attain it. and that's the most contrived part of all. i suppose there was a time before o.j., the menendez brothers, etc., etc., when people believed in justice and the integrity of attorneys. for this viewer anyway, those days are long over.walter pidgeon does an excellent job -- his handsome, elegant demeanor and declamatory voice show us a successful, confident man but also a deeply caring one. pidgeon had a magnificent career spanning 60 years but never really rose to superstardom. he was a solid actor who could play just about anything and did. it may be because by the time he was getting leads, he was well into his thirties and missed being a matinée idol; or it could be he lacked that certain something; or that he was typed early on as second lead to a big female star like greer garson. hard to say. he gives an honest and touching performance here.very good movie with good performances.

i've seen this film criticized with the statement, "if you can get past the moralizing..." that misses the point. moralizing is in the conscience of the beholder, as it were. this is a decent film with a standard murder mystery, but with a distinct twist that surfaces midway through. the resolution leaves the viewer wondering, "what would i have done in this position?" and i have to believe that's exactly what the filmmaker intended. to that end, and to the end of entertaining the audience, the film succeeds. i also like the way that the violence is never on stage, but just off camera. we know what has just happened; it's just not served up in front of us, then rubbed in our faces, as it would be today with contemporary blood and gore dressing. besides, the violence is not the point. the point is the protagonist's moral dilemma, which is cleverly, albeit disturbingly, resolved.

this movie is proof that film noire is an enduring style, and extremely worthy of stay alive. for me, it is he best example of film noire since chinatown.it will, unfortunately, never get the recognition it deserves. it was never promoted properly when it was first released and has had to build its cadre of fans through venues like vanguard cinema and word of mouth rental referrals.i highly recommend that people looking for something more than mindless entertainment rent this movie and delved into its highly convoluted plot.

i had never heard of this film prior to seeing it, i wondered if it was an independent film, and i was correct, but with a good cast i decided to chance it. basically drifter michael williams (nicolas cage) is in the town red rock, wyoming, looking for a job, and meeting bar owner wayne brown (pleasantville's j.t. walsh) he is given a large sum of money, mistaken for a hit-man he has hired to kill his unfaithful wife suzanne (lara flynn boyle). he does not correct him, takes the money, and goes to warn suzanne, and after she makes him a counteroffer, he decides he needs to leave. when wayne knows his real identity, he chases michael shooting a big gun, until he gets in a car with lyle from dallas (dennis hopper). but things get complicated when michael realises lyle is the hit-man he was mistaken for, and he makes a quick retreat. he goes back to suzanne, and knowing they are both in danger, they plan to leave town together, and add another complication by falling for each other. before they leave however, suzanne insists they go and steal a big amount money in the safe. of course things aren't going to go smoothly, and wayne and lyle catch up to them, and lyle forces them and now tied-up wayne to go and get the buried money. in the end, lyle and wayne both get what they deserve, michael and suzanne do get on a moving train together, but it is obvious she cares more about the money, and she gets what she deserves too. also starring craig reay as jim, vance johnson as mr. johnson, timothy carhart as deputy matt greytack, dwight yoakam as truck driver and robert apel as howard. the performances, apart from maybe a lame boyle, are all fine and dandy, and it has got quite a good film noir feel for a black comedy thriller. very good!

one thing i always liked about robert ludlum thrillers is just when you think you have it figured out, it goes in a completely different direction. there are so many twists and turns in this film that i have a sore neck from watching.one thing i also like about director john dahl (kill me again, rounders, unforgettable) is that he can be depended upon to direct and, in this case, write (with his brother rick) a good story.now, add nick cage, dennis hopper, lara flynn boyle, and j.t. walsh to the cast and you have a story that will keep your interest even if they are playing characters that all of them have perfected. dahl seems to bring out the best in folks, and this will keep you interested, and guessing, until the very end.

red rock west is one of those rare films that keeps you guessing the entire time as to what will happen next. nicolas cage is mistaken for a contract killer as he enters a small town trying to find work. dennis hopper is the bad guy and no one plays them better. look for a brief appearance by country singing star dwight yoakam. this is a serious drama most of the time but there are some lighter moments. what matters is that you will enjoy this low budget but high quality effort!

like many of you i am a great fan of the real thing - the 1940s noir films - but red rock west was a real treat for all of us longing for the past. the term 'neo-noir' has been so often used inappropriately in the last ten years that it has lost its meaning and its impact. john dahl's film on the other hand, truly deserved to be described as such. the casting is perfect all around and would have felt right at home with tay garnett or jacques tourneur. the plot is so tight that you are hooked within the first fifteen minutes. james m. cain would have appreciated it. many contemporary films leave me wondering why they don't make them like they used to, and i'm not even that old. movies such as red rock west give us hope for the future while paying tribute to the past.

this modern film noir with its off beat humour and dizzying succession of plot twists delivers a story full of surprises, dangerous characters and excellent entertainment from start to finish. it's impossible not to empathise with the honest, unassuming hero or to be gripped by the ways in which he tries to navigate his way out of the terrible predicaments that he finds himself in, so all you can do is fasten your seat belt and enjoy the ride.the story of an ordinary guy who makes a poor decision and then finds that the repercussions propel him into an uncontrollable sequence of events from which he is unable to extricate himself is pure film noir. the same is true of the themes of murder, deceit, corruption and duplicity which are pervasive throughout. many of the familiar noir visual motifs are also present, such as the way in which cigarette smoke is lit, the rain soaked roads at night, the heavily shadowed interiors and the lines of shadow (created by louvred doors) across people's faces.michael williams (nicolas cage), an injured war veteran without money or a job, stops off at a bar in red rock, wyoming and is mistaken by the proprietor wayne brown (j t walsh) for a hit man that he's arranged to employ to murder his wife suzanne (lara flynn boyle). michael, a naturally reticent person, does nothing to disabuse wayne of his misapprehension, especially as he could use a job and at first doesn't realise what he'd be expected to do. after having been told what his mission is and been given a $5,000 advance, he goes to see suzanne and warns her about wayne's plan. she doesn't seem overly concerned about the danger she's in and offers michael double the fee wayne had offered, for him to eliminate her husband.michael decides to take the money he'd received from both parties and leave town. his plan fails however, when he accidentally drives into a man who is standing in the middle of the road and decides to take him to hospital to receive treatment for his injuries. at the hospital, things get more complicated when it emerges that the patient is suzanne's lover and he has two bullets in his stomach. this leads to the local law enforcement officers getting involved and the revelation that wayne is the sheriff!! from this point on, things get even more complicated and also decidedly more dangerous especially when the real hit man, lyle from dallas (dennis hopper) arrives on the scene."red rock west" has some great moments of suspense, (an example of this is the scene in which michael makes his escape from wayne's bar) and also some great performances from its very strong cast. nicolas cage's expressions are extremely natural and convincing as he reacts to a variety of situations with anxiety, surprise or uncertainty and j t walsh is also particularly good as a deceptive character who's always concealing more than he's actually saying. dennis hopper is intensely threatening as the vicious contract killer (a role he plays with great gusto) and lara flynn boyle looks suitably cold and calculating as the femme fatale. dwight yoakam also provides some good support and moments of humour in his cameo role as a no nonsense truck driver.incredibly, "red rock west" was originally destined to be denied a general cinema release but has justifiably emerged from its modest beginnings to eventually be recognised as the great movie that it really is.

before nicholas cage was a big action star, he was a great actor. this lesser-known movie is where cage gives one of his best performances. "red rock west" was a low-budget, almost un-known film, but is one of my favorite movies of all time. i discovered it walking down the video store aisle, and wanted to see cage and hopper (who also is great in the movie) appear together. go get this one, and i'm sure you won't be disappointed.

this is a 'sleeper'. it defines nicholas cage. the plot is intricate and totally absorbing. the ending will blow you away.see it whenever you have the opportunity.

a surprise thriller with more twists and double crosses than a doodle pad. a great cast mixing it up with an intriguing plot overseen by a twin peaks-ish influence in director dahl. nicholas cage is a very underrated actor and shows a great portrayal of a man in a bind looking for the right thing to do. j.t. walsh (rip to a great actor) is always a wonderful villain, as is dennis hopper. it's such a shame he never made to a higher profile in the biz. i'm sure he has his followers, though. in all, this is a great film that shows you that you don't need big bangs or a commercial soundtrack to be an entertaining film.

dahl seems to have been under the influence of wenders' the american friend. innocent nick cage gets recruited for a hit. dennis hopper plays a real hit man. lara flynn boyle is dangerous. the hero gets more entangled the more he tries to extricate hisself. and small town america does not seem all that safer than the big city. like it's predecessor mentioned above, this movie has lots of plot twists and turns that seem improbable, but all lead to the cathartic self discovery.

the more i watch nicholas cage, the more i appreciate him as an actor. watching this movie now (in 2005), i can see that it doesn't really fit into the genre of movies that was coming out in the early 90s. i don't really think it can be considered a film noir, but it is pretty dark at times, due mostly to the lighting and odd personalities of the characters.typical performances from each of the three main actors, who all did a good job with their roles. i thought, however, that hopper and boyle's characters were left undeveloped, as it was sometimes hard to understand what they were doing and why they were doing it. hopper is a love him or hate him kind of guy. the plot is really good, and although i found some parts to be very unrealistic, there were parts where i had to hand it to the director (i.e. when he first sees the sheriff). all in all, this movie is definitely worth watching. ***1/2

a lovely old - fashioned thriller coming on like a cross between alfred hitchcock and david lynch,"red rock west" follows the misadventures of injured veteran unemployed oil worker mr n.cage as his luck turns from bad to worse after he ends up with an empty gas tank and barely enough money for a cup of coffee in a one ute town in the back of beyond. it has been established right from the start that mr cage might be down but he is not out,and he might be broke but he will not steal,not even in his present dire circumstances.consequently when he is mistaken by mr j.t. walsh for the man he has commissioned to murder his wife,mr cage calls on the wife to warn her of her husband's intentions.in turn she,in the person of miss l.f.boyle, offers him even more money to murder mr walsh.mr cage decides to leave whilst he is still in front but as he is driving out of town he hits a man in the road.tempted as he might be to drive on,he takes the man to hospital,where it turns out he has been shot.mr cage is detained by the deputies who call the sheriff who turns out to be mr j.t.walsh. events take a further complicated turn when,escaping from custody,mr.cage narrowly avoids being run over by the real hit-man on his way to fulfill his commission.about now you might be forgiven for thinking "enough already",but as it happens on the screen it seems a completely logical turn of events,the narrative flow of the movie at this point seeming unstoppable. mr d.hopper is comfortably cast as the hired killer,like mr cage a usmc veteran.this little piece of serendipity keeps mr cage alive long enough out-think the murderous trio and survive,a little more battered but still unbowed. it is a tribute to everybody involved that what sounds on paper remarkably like a piece of nonsense is in fact a tense exceptionally well made picture with fine performances all round. "red rock west" is a movie - lover's movie.within five minutes you know you are going somewhere you've been before on plenty of occasions,but you'll be very happy during the trip.

a drifter looking for a job is mistaken for a hit man in a small wyoming town, leading to all kinds of complications. cage is perfectly cast as the unlucky schmuck hoping to make a quick buck and get out of town but finding he can't escape the title town. hopper does what he does best, playing a psycho known as "lyle from dallas," the real hit man. walsh as a crooked sheriff and boyle as a femme fatale round out the fine cast. the script by brothers john and rick dahl contains delicious twists and turns, and john's direction creates a terrific "neo noir" atmosphere. witty and very entertaining, it sucks the viewer in from the start and never lets up.

red rock west is one of those tight noir thrillers we rarely see anymore. it's well paced, well acted and doesn't leave us with loose ends or unanswered questions so typical in this genre.nicolas cage stars as michael, an unemployed texas roughneck, desperate enough for a job to drive all the way to wyoming for potential employment. he is honest to a fault, but always on the dark side of fate.after failing to obtain gainful employment, michael stumbles into the red rock bar where the owner wayne (j.t.walsh) mistakes him for a contract killer he summoned from dallas, hired to do in his lovely but lethal wife suzanne (lara flynn boyle).wayne gives michael the necessary details and a down payment for the hit on the adulterous suzie. with no intent on following through, michael accepts the money and then sets out to warn suzanne of her impending demise. he also mails a letter to the local sheriff exposing the plot and splits.as fate would dictate, michael is not going to be rid of the situation that easy. while leaving in a violent rainstorm, he runs down suzannes lover. of course michael being michael, he takes him to the local hospital where it's discovered that he's also been shot.the sheriff is summoned and as luck would have it, wayne is also the local law. michael manages to escape while being taken on that last ride and is subsequently picked up by the real "lyle from dallas" played with murderous glee by the quirky dennis hopper. after discovering that they're fellow marines, lyle insists that michael join him for a drink at, where else, the red rock bar. there wayne realizes his mistake and soon he and lyle are in hot pursuit of michael who falls willingly into suzannes waiting arms.as the pace picks up we learn that wayne and suzanne are really wanted armed robbers, on the lam for a multi million dollar theft. getting the money now becomes the films central focus with a series of betrayals, double crosses and murders.the film was very well cast. nicolas cage was typically low key, dennis hopper and lara flynn bolye assumed their respective roles with more than ample ability. the best performance was by the late j.t. walsh who was menacing without appearing to be. walsh was a great character actor who left us much too soon.marc reshoskys photography utilized many unique angles which added to the suspense and plot development. the film was further enhanced by john dahl's tight directorial style and morris chestnut's rapid fire editing.

from the director of movies 'last seduction' and 'kill me again', comes another movie in the noir style. john dahl created a niche for himself by making movies on the themes of adultery, blackmailing in the early 90s. though i did not have much of an opinion in regards to last seduction. but nowadays mr dahl has resorted to directing television shows.its a shame since the man had talent.***spoilers** this is quite an impressive movie which revolves around a drifter cage) that comes in to the town of wyoming for a job. however he does not prove lucky and becomes mistaken for a hit-man from texas by bar owner j.t walsh. he is given the task to kill his wife (boyle). but cage decides to split after taking the upfront payment without doing it. on the way out of town he accidentally hits a guy on the road, who he then takes back to the local hospital. at that point cage coincidently meets walsh again, who also appears to be the local sheriff. after that cage escapes from his clutches but meets in to the real hit-man that happens to be dennis hopper.john dahl has co-written and directed this movie. therefore it goes to show that a project can turn out decent when a director puts his thoughts on screen. the direction is of good standard, however while watching the movie i got a made for tv movie feeling. there were too many close up frames. however this does not deter the movie from being an enjoyable experience. the movie had good pace and the structure was perfect. dahl written the script with good duration of lenght.cage portrayed the role as a drifter realistically, though to me his performance seemed somewhat restrained. his facial expressions were on the mark. lara flynn boyle was hot and handled her part perfectly as the femme fatale. her hairstyle was far out and can make any guy go on his knees. hopper played his part well. but i feel he was miscast for this role. he did not convince me that he had the qualities of a hit-man. the role was not written keeping his personality in mind.while viewing one will get deja vu of previous movies like 'the hot spot' and 'a perfect murder'. due to the fact that some sub plots are similar. overall if you are a fan of noir movies, then this one is for you. worth recommending. 7/10

an excellent example of "cowboy noir", as it's been called, in which unemployed michael (nicolas cage) loses out on a job because he insists on being honest (he's got a bum leg). with really nothing else he can do, he decides that for once he's going to lie. when he walks into a bar, and the owner wayne (the late, great j.t. walsh) mistakes him for a hit-man whom wayne has hired to do in his sexy young wife suzanne (lara flynn boyle in fine form), michael plays along and accepts waynes' money. *then* he goes to suzanne and informs her of her husbands' intentions, and accepts *her* money to get rid of wayne! if that didn't complicate things enough, the real hit-man, "lyle from dallas" (dennis hopper, in a perfect role for him) shows up and michael is in even more trouble than before."red rock west" gets a lot out of the locations. director john dahl, who co-wrote the script with his brother rick, was smart in realizing the potential of a story set in a truly isolated small town that may have seen better days and in which the residents could be involved in any manner of schemes. it's also an amusing idea of the kind of trouble an honest person could get into if they decided to abandon their principles and give in to any level of temptation. it's an appreciably dark and twist-laden story with an assortment of main characters that are if not corrupt, have at least been morally compromised like michael. the lighting by cinematographer marc reshovsky is superb in its moodiness; even the climax set in a graveyard lends a nice morbid quality to the whole thing. even if the writing isn't particularly "logical or credible", the film has a nice way of intriguing the viewer and just drawing them right in.cage does a good job in the lead, but his co-stars have a grand old time sinking their teeth into their meaty and greed-motivated characters. hopper, boyle, and walsh are all fun to watch in these parts. timothy carhart and dan shor are fine as walshs' deputies (in one especially good twist, walsh is also the local sheriff), and there's an entertaining cameo role for country & western star dwight yoakam, who also graces the film with an enjoyable end credits tune.it's quite a good little film worth checking out. it moves forward at an impressive pace, and if nothing else is certainly never boring.8/10

red rock west is a perfect example of how good a film can be with practically no budget. all you need is a smart script, good actors and loads of atmosphere. rrw delivers all these and more.nic cage plays an ex-marine, injured in lebanon, who is down to his last 5 dollars after being refused a job on an oilfield because of his bad knee. he roles into red rock and is mistaken by bartender wayne (jt walsh, not quite as his most menacing-but still evil) for a hit-man from texas.he pays him to kill his wife and make it look like burglary. only when he gets there, just to check her out. she offers him double to kill wayne. cage just wants to get the hell out of town with his free money and leave the sparring lovers be. but a series of mishaps and setbacks results in him yo-yoing in and out of red rock, back and forth. eventually this leads to a run-in with lyle from dallas (a cheeky and somehow sympathetic dennis hopper), the real hit-man from texas who offers to help without knowing he's making the plot more complicated.rrw never had a big release, thus most of it's audience discovered it on video or on cable tv showings. viewing it in such a way might make it seem like a tv movie but it's bigger than that. the slick, slowly-timed direction, moody score and howling desert wind would have all made for a great movie in theatres but the best you can do these days is watch the dvd on a big hdtv.the only weak point of the movie i can think of is lara flynn boyle's boring femme fatale with the nasty dyke-ish hairdo. i certainly wouldn't fall for her but if you assume that nic cage's character is in to militant lesbians then you'll accept it nonetheless.

what we have here is a damn good little nineties thriller that, while perhaps lacking in substance, still provides great entertainment throughout it's running time and overall does everything you could possibly want a film of this nature to do. i saw this film principally because it was directed by john dahl - a highly underrated director behind great thrillers such as the last seduction, rounders and roadkill. i figured that if this film was up to standard of what i've already seen from the director, it would be well worth watching - and red rock west is certainly a film that dahl can be proud of. the plot focuses on the overly moral michael; a man travelling across america looking for work. he ends up finding it one day when he stumbles upon a bar in red rock county - only catch is that the job is to murder a man's wife. he's been mistaken for a killer named lyle, but instead of doing the job; he plays both sides against each other and eventually plans to make a getaway. however, his attempts to escape are unsuccessful and he finds himself in a bad situation when the real lyle turns up...john dahl appears to enjoy setting thrillers on the road; he did it three years earlier with kill me again, and again almost a decade on from this film with roadkill. it's not hard to see why dahl chooses this sort of location, as it provides a fabulous atmosphere for a thriller the likes of this one. dahl also provides his film with a 'film noir' like atmosphere, as the plot mainly focuses on the central character and the word he is plunged into is full of dark and mysterious characters. the acting is largely very good, with nicholas cage doing an excellent job in the lead role, and getting a-class support from lara flynn boyle, j.t. walsh and, of course, dennis hopper; who once again commands the screen with his over the top performance. it has to be said that the second half of the film isn't as gripping as the first, but red rock west certainly is never boring and the way that dahl orchestrates the grand finale is excellent in that all the central characters get to be a part of it. overall, red rock west is a film that you're unlikely to regret watching. it's thrilling throughout, and you can't ask for much more than that!

as others have commented, i checked this out after siskel and ebert listed this as one of their top 10 movies of the year. what a gift. i then went out to buy it, just so that i could loan it out.best quote? dwight yoakum stops his truck when he realizes that someone (cage) is on top of his cab. when cage peers down, he apologizes. "i'm sorry if i scared you." yoakum thrusts his pistol in cage's face with "does this look like i'm scared?" great bit of humor after an exciting (and temporary) escape.there really was a sense of fun to this. the constant sighting of the "welcome to red rock" sign elicits a groan and a smiling head shake. the music created a hunting, eerie quality to the film reminiscent of "twin peaks". unlike "twin peaks", though, it doesn't spoil things by going too far into the outlandish, needing to "top" itself.i admit watching the credits 15-20 times. you see, they had yoakum's "thousand miles from nowhere" (perfectly chosen) playing as a freight train curved around down to the desert floor . . with snow-capped mountains in the distance. this was incredible, fluid framing. further, i've never seen a better unification of sight and sound on film. also, it totally fit the story.

much to your presumable happiness fair readers, cage and hopper did meet and fortunately not in a lynch movie—because red rock west is way better than any lynch movie …. nicolas cage is a third—rate actor, the porcelain babe is a surrogate femme fatal, only daddy hopper is as mean as ever …. red rock west is, despite the trite cast, one of my favorite american thrillers; in a word, a thriller with some twists.one notices mainly the gusto, the awesome pace, the thrills, the nice suspense, lara flynn boyle's cute tight small ass, cage's enviable physical shape (though undeniably ugly, with sharp, bird features, thick eyebrows and thin, rare hair, cage displayed a fine overall shape …), hopper's consummate routine, some moderately but truly funny moments, cage's play with his intended persona, hopper's rigid, psychopathic allure, lara's meanness, cage seems a roamer, the archetypal gloomy roamer of the noir cinema, hungry, tough if needed, naive, dirty, tired. lara flynn boyle performs as the cold mean seductress, walsh as her heartless husband, and hopper as the lynchian hit-man he's already done before.cage looks indeed rather groggy or dizzy or very confused and having a severe hangover. but this might be his regular look.

red rock west (1993)nicolas cage gets embroiled in a deadly crime without at first knowing it, and the dominos lead to increasing peril, adventure and misadventure in the wild forlorn american west of the 1990s. red rock west is often brutal and sometimes hilarious, and cage pulls off the mixture with his usual sardonic wit and wary ease. is the plot over the top? yes. is dennis hopper perfect as a crazed, almost likable killer? yes. does cage stand a chance? well, you have to watch and see. it never lets up, and it took me by surprise the first time i saw it. on second viewing yesterday, i was surprised at how well it held up, how well constructed it was, and how macabre and funny it was at the same time.director ron dahl (who also helped write) is known more for his tv work, but with rounders and this film he shows a deft hand with sensational plots. it's saved by its humor by the way, and by the caricatures. the bar is sleazy, the cops questionable. and don't miss a really inspired cameo by dwight yoakam as a truck driver.

this movie started me on a nick cage kick. it is a story full of twists and turns- a movie of motives and moves. of, course, dennis hopper was a ham, but j.t. walsh and laura flyyn boyle are the perfect pair to catch the unsuspecting man who has fallen into their web. everything about this movie is good - cinematography, story pace and most of all the end. cage excels at what he does best- it's not to be an action hero but to be an everyman caught in the snares of life.

dennis hopper and jt walsh steal the show here. cage and boyle are fine, but what gives this neo-noir its juice is hopper's creepy, violent character and jt walsh's sneakiness.a drifter gets mistaken for a hit-man, and tries to make a little dough out of it, but gets in over his head.i found a strange parallel in the opening scene of this movie, when cage walks into a trailer in wyoming to get drilling work, with the help of his buddy...and the opening scene in brokeback mountain, when the character does the same thing! but that's another story.dennis hopper is at his best here...cocky, one-step-ahead villainous, seething and explosively violent. jt walsh (rip) is also great as the man with a dark past, trying to live legitimately (well, almost).there are only 4 real characters of note here, with the exception of the hard-working deputy in the town of red rock, wyoming. the first twist hits early on, and from there it's a nice neo-noir adventure in some sleepy little town. satisfying. 8 pts.

i came home late one night and turned on the tv, to see siskel and ebert summarizing their picks of the week. i didn't hear anything about "red rock west", except two thumbs up and see it before it went away. it wouldn't stay in theaters very long because of the distributor's money problems and lack of promotion, but they said it deserved better.the next afternoon, i followed their advice. they were right, it was some of the most fun i have ever had at the movies. as some readers point out, there are a few plot holes and the last 10 minutes don't ever seem to end. but it's well worth it, for the fine craftwork that went into the first hour. it's the best role that i have ever seen for nicholas cage, but almost everybody seems perfectly cast. dennis hopper goes almost over the top, which gets silly but reinforces how well everything else works. the sets and the music contribute a great deal to almost every scene.when i rented it later for my family, it didn't work as well. the long scenes that built the tension in the theater were difficult to appreciate, with the distractions at home. it deserves your full attention; turn off the phone, make sure you won't be disturbed, watch and listen to every scene, especially in the beginning.

some movies you just know you're going to love from the first few seconds. this is one of those movies. tracing it's roots back to "double indemnity," and "the postman always rings twice" in the 40's - this was a great example of modern film noir in the 90's. nick cage plays the "down on his luck" main character who gets entangled in a husband-wife murder plot - and his luck goes from bad to worse to even worse as he tries and tries to get away from the people, town, violence and threat of red rock west. lots of twists and turns, great performances by cage, hopper and walsh, an hypnotic slide-guitar musical backdrop, and seamless directing make this a real joy. favorite line: when cage looks at the empty gas gauge in the get-away car, shakes his head and says: "f***in' story of my life."

"red rock west" was far and away one of the best suspense thrillers of the 90's with a superb script (by john and rick dahl) that kept you guessing throughout and on the edge of your seat for most of the film. it was brilliantly directed by john dahl and featured a marvellous cast including nicolas cage, dennis hopper, lara flynn boyle and especially j. t. walsh (in a memorable performance) making this a riveting and captivating thriller not to be missed. the film never had much publicity on release (in fact i first caught up with it on tv) and is therefore one of those special little gems that you have to seek out but this unique film is now slowly gaining a cult following.nicolas cage is michael williams who is broke and out of work when he finds himself in the small town of red rock. mistaken for a contract killer named lyle from dallas he is shocked to be offered $10,000 to murder the wife of bar owner wayne brown (the excellent j. t. walsh). he plays along with the plan and decides he should go and warn brown's wife suzanne (lara flynn boyle) but then the plot thickens and there are so many twists, turns and surprises - and double dealings - that cage is thrown from one crisis to another and finds himself trapped in a terrible situation he can't drag himself out of! then just to complicate matters even further the real lyle turns up to carry out the contract killing (played by everyone's favourite heavy dennis hopper). when hopper discovers what has happened he goes after cage but no one could forsee the surprising events that follow.some favourite lines from the film:nicolas cage (to lara flynn boyle): "i hate to see an innocent woman get hurt but it's an awful lot of money".j. t. walsh (to cage): "michael williams. well, michael, you're going to be spending some time with us till we get to the bottom of this".boyle (to cage): "you're not a killer?". cage: "that's right, no. but the guy i'm supposed to be just rode into town so you gotta get out of here".boyle (to cage): "o.k. how you're going to explain impersonating a hired killer and taking $10,000 from my husband?".an extraordinarily entertaining little thriller (just 98 minutes) with a storyline that never lets up and powerful acting by all the principals. any film featuring j. t. walsh is o.k. in my book and "red rock west" was one of his best. how sad it was that this exceptional actor's career was cut tragically short by a heart attack in 1998. the most prolific period for "film noir" was without any doubt the forties but "red rock west" is a good modern example of the genre and has jumped right into my "top ten" list of all time favourite films. i look forward to more like this from director john dahl. 10/10. clive roberts.

if you like plot turns, this is your movie. it is impossible at any moment to predict what will happen next. nothing is as it appears or ends as you think it will. the characters are all gritty and engaging. cage is at his best. dennis hopper again shows his delightfully sinister side. jt walsh is perfect in his last performance. laura boyle sizzles. dwight yoakum makes a film debut superbly in a cameo. i categorize this movie as "i am having a really, really, really bad day" film. not a slow minute in this film. a real sleeper. this movie is underrated and, sadly, overlooked.

in any number of films, you can find nicholas cage as a strong, silent hero, dennis hopper as a homicidal maniac, lara flynn boyle as a vamp/tramp, and the late, lamented j.t. walsh as the heavy. these are the types of roles these four can play in their sleep, and they have done so often enough that to see them playing them again borders on cliche. what a relief, therefore, that john dahl, a master at getting a lot of mood out of a little action, directed this nuanced noirish thriller. hopper manages to keep from going over the top, cage shows a little more depth than his usually-superficial action heroes, boyle is by turns sultry, innocent, and scheming, and one gets a sense of the hard iron of the soul that is central to his character, wayne. dahl's direction gives a sense of the emptiness of the big sky country where the story takes place while also being intimate enough to show how a wrinkled brow can indicate a radical change of plot in store. the plot twists are top-notch, and one of the other great twists in this movie is that some of the supporting characters actually act as if they have brains. it isn't often that minor characters like deputy sheriffs have more brains than their headlining superiors. but with a director as smart as dahl, you shouldn't be surprised by the intelligence of anything connected with this film. an excellent movie.

vaguely reminiscent of great 1940's westerns, like "the treasure of the sierra madre" (1948), "red rock west" is a story about conscience, greed, and betrayal. michael (nicolas cage) is a down and out, but honest, young man from texas who goes west in search of work and money. he finds both, but not in the way he had expected.the film's screenplay contains plenty of surprises and plot twists. excellent cinematography, adroit film editing, and moody western music add tension and suspense. the expansiveness of the big sky country provides a wonderful setting. and the acting ranges from good to excellent, with great performances from dennis hopper and j.t. walsh. dwight yoakam's specially recorded country/western song provides the film with a strong finale.correctly labeled as neo-noir, "red rock west" strikes me as being something else, as well. the plot is full of amazing coincidences and improbable timing, so much so that others may regard the screenplay as flawed. ordinarily, i would agree. in this case, however, when combined with the moody atmosphere, and the fact that the small town of red rock seems almost empty of normal daily life, the coincidences and unlikely timing suggest a story that, beyond "noirish", is ... surreal. it's almost as if fate deliberately intervenes with improbable events so as to force michael to come to grips with himself. from this point of view, the coincidences are not script flaws at all. they are necessary plot points in a nightmarish story of a young man who must confront his own demons ... disguised as other characters.all we need here is rod serling, in a postscript, explaining, in his always clearly enunciated voice, that ... a young man, searching for himself, stops in a small, almost deserted town a thousand miles from nowhere. it's his final layover in a journey to ... the twilight zone.

this is an excellent modern-day film noir...."excellent" in that it's interesting, start-to-finish. there are some holes in here and some goofy parts that make you shake your head in disbelief.....but i haven't found anyone who didn't get caught up in this story. the movie has the right amount of action, suspense, plot twists and interesting characters. in addition, it sports some nice colors and cinematography plus a good guitar-based soundtrack. i labeled this crime movie a "film noir" because it's gritty and the all the characters are no good. even the only supposed-good guy, played by nicholas cage, gets himself in trouble by lying and has a quick affair he should't have. he also does something at the end which isn't right, but i'm not going the spoil it by saying. suffice to say, however, that the rest of the characters are so bad they make cage look good!speaking of "bad guys," does anyone do it better than dennis hopper? not many. at least in the "deranged" category, he's tough to beat. lara flynn boyle is fun to watch for a bunch of reasons. j.t. walsh gives another great supporting performance, too.this is one of those films that never got much publicity, but it should have. you'll have fun watching this. by the way, try saying the name of this movie out loud three times fast without messing it up!

henri verneuil represented the commercial cinema in france from 1960-1980. always strong at the box-office, and usually telling dramatic and suspenseful tales of casino robberies, mafia score-settling and world war ii battles, verneuil could be counted on to give us two solid hours of entertainment on saturday night. he worked with the cream of the male actors of his day: gabin, belmondo, fernandel, delon, sharif, anthony quinn. i... comme icare is the only time he directed yves montand. it's an oddly static film, taking place mainly in offices and conference rooms, containing not one chase scene and hardly any violence.montand gives a good performance, if somewhat dry, and he is well supported by the other actors. i couldn't help wondering what costa-gavras could have done with this story, on the basis of z (the lambrakis assassination) and l'aveu (the torture of artur london in czechoslovakia by stalinists).

this is a must see for anybody who loves thriller's specially political thriller. one scene that stands out is milgram experiment it is shot to perfection very rarely do we get to see a movie shot and scripted the way this movie is presented.the movie starts with a kennedy like assassination and a three member team is constituted to investigate the assassination. however one of the member does not agree with the final findings of the committee. as per the terms set that member would initiate a one man investigation into the assassination. this investigation gets him involved in into to deep and dark secrets of high office politics and the way they are controlled.

this movie i saw some 10 years ago (maybe more), i took it in a rental and never found it to buy even in french sites. the end is very surprising and intelligent. i would like very much to watch it again because i think it's as surpring as the sixth sense althogh a completely different kind of movie.

i saw this film for the very first time several years ago - and was hooked up in an instant. it is great and much better than j. f. k. cause you always have to think 'can it happen to me? can i become a murderer?' you cannot turn of the tv or your vcr without thinking about the plot and the end, which you should'nt miss under any circumstances.

finally a thriller which omits the car chases, explosions and other eye catching effects. the movie combines a simple plot (assasination of a french president) with an excellent background. it takes a look behind mans behavior with authorities, and explains why we would obey almost every order (even murder) which would be given to us.furthermore it shows us how secret services can manipulate the run of history and how hardly they can be controlled. the best thing on this movie is, that there is no classic "hollywood end" which can easily be predicted.

the first time i saw this film, i was in shock for days afterwards. its painstaking and absorbing treatment of the subject holds the attention, helped by good acting and some really intriguing music. the ending, quite simply, had me gasping. first rate!

highly memorable, intelligent and suspenseful movie from one of french movies' true geniuses, the formidably able henri verneuil. the plot is an exact parallel of the jfk assassination, and takes place in a non-descript, fictional country. the film, visually as well as plot-wise, is razor-sharp. shot with meticulous precision, it follows henry volnay, the procuror who takes on himself to unravel the coup. in many ways, it's a very disturbing movie, not the least for the cold and analytical precision of its comment on a so-called modern state's inner workings. the atmosphere and characters are all utterly believable, and verneuil left nothing to chance in its tight plotting. on another level, this relatively little-known movie just had a 15 years head-start on oliver stone, who was acclaimed for the "jfk" movie, a inferior film in many areas, the least of which not being credibility...it's a masterpiece, any cinema lover should see it, preferably in its original french version with subs.

i'm not tired to say this is one of the best political thrillers ever made. the story takes place in a fictional state, but obviously it deals with the murder of kennedy. a truthful and honest district attorney (played by yves montand) does not believe that the murder was planned and executed by the single man daslow (=oswald) and though all other officials want to close the case he continuous to investigate with his team.the screenplay is written tight and fast and holds the tension till the end. just the part dealing with the milgram experiment about authorities is (though not uninteresting) a bit out of place. the ending sequence - explaining who icarus really is - partly shot in slow motion and intensified by a morricone soundtrack is the most powerful sequence i have ever seen in a movie.

first time i saw this movie was in the eighties, but reviewed now this thriller is still actual. some newer movies focus on similar topics, but they do not match this french milestone.a president - obviously jf kennedy - gets shot in an open car during a public appearance. the resulting huge investigation finds the "lee harvey oswald" figure of this movie guilty, but one member of the jury insists in further inquiry. he reveals some surprising evidence ...unlike oliver stone's jfk - a movie with the same plot - this one does not play with emotions, but concentrates in a exciting description of a conspiracy and how everything fits together, drawing a new picture of the assassination. even a real psychological experiment is used for this explanation of the crime scene. compared to jfk this movie is more reasonable, intelligent and thrilling. parts of the plot can be found in a lot of newer movies, i had a kind of deja vu sometimes sitting in the cinema."i... comme icare" is a "must see". its unique and brilliant, and the music by ennio morricone is wonderful. this movie deserves a very good ranking, if it was a hollywood production it would be famous for sure.

henri verneuil's film may be not so famous as parallax view, 3 days of the condor or jfk but it is certainly not worse and sometimes even better than these classic representatives of the genre. action takes place in fictional western state where fictional president has been killed. after several years of investigation, special government commission decides that president was killed by a lone gunman. but one man - prosecutor volney, played by yves montand - thinks there's something more to be investigated and so the film starts. this movie doesn't deal with some exact theories, but it embraces the whole structure of relationship between government and society in today's world. such film could be made only in the 1970-ies but it will never lose it's actuality. furthermore, it's even a bit frightful how precise are it's oracles. 10 out of 10.

wow, this movie was absolutely brilliant. i really don't know why everyone says it has a slow pace. i thought the pace was perfect. the movie is about michael sullivan played by tom hanks with perfection who is a sort of hit-man/ killer working for john rooney (paul newman). he disslikes this job but does it because rooney payed for his house and helps him financially. he had nothing and mr. rooney gave him everything. but, his children are unaware that this is his job, and when one witnesses a cold blooded murder by him, he is placed in an awkward position. and when an atrocity occurs, he leaves with his son and is bent on revenge. they rob abanks and much more and build a bond. they're the perfect team. hanks does a great job as always as well as jude law who plays his creepy role to perfection. this drama is highly recommended as it shows a beautiful story and greatly shows how the 1930s were.

in the winter of 1931, supposedly 12-year-old tyler hoechlin (as michael sullivan jr.) wonders what his mobster father tom hanks (michael "mike" sullivan) does for a living. young hoechlin follows mr. hanks to "work" one evening, and witnesses him blasting away some rival gangsters. this leads - in a very roundabout way - to "godfather"-type paul newman (as john rooney) hiring independent hit-man jude law (as harlen maguire) to track down hoechlin and hanks, who are off to cool their heels in chicago. hanks thinks they will be safe with a relative, which is puzzling when you consider the characters' line of work.looking uncannily like paul peterson ("the donna reed show"), hoechlin does a terrific job for director sam mendes; and, getting to work with this cast makes him the luckiest young actor of 2002. but, the most striking thing about "road to perdition" is the stunning cinematography of conrad l. hall, which deservedly won a career capping "academy award" for the late photographer. mr. hall's work is truly superlative. this helps make up for the overall impression of a measured, contrived staginess to both the narrative and visuals. the deviating end is abruptly uplifting (the unrelated dog is an example of the aforementioned staginess).******** road to perdition (7/12/02) sam mendes ~ tom hanks, tyler hoechlin, paul newman, jude law

a bloody gangster story which takes place in the years of great depression. it tells us about another notorious hit-man, michael (mike) salliwan. somehow, this time the story turns the other way round: mike fights to save his life and his only remaining son, because the rest of his family was killed due to dirty game of his own boss. he succeeds in his revenge and secures honorable future to his son, but gets killed in the end. such stories never have happy end after all.the role of mike salliwan senior was wonderfully played by tom hanks, and the part of mr. rooney (the mafia boss) was performed by paul newman. the film makes a great impression, and we hear the well-known phrase "we rob banks". this film is still worth watching although you could have expected something bigger from sam mendes after his american beauty.

this is a film that can make you want to see it again. i especially, liked the way it ended. i did not see the end coming, but when laws was not blown away the first time, one suspects he will be back again.the story is gripping and could have been more psychological, but i understand the story needed to capture the viewer and the action was necessary for that.hard to believe michael jr. could be so apparently unmoved as his younger brother and mother as blown away. but, i can appreciate the scene play couldn't really take our attention there because it had a greater story to tell.some have complained about hanks as a gangster. i believe that isn't justified. if his character had been any harder, he would not have cared if his son pulled a trigger or not.eight stars for this one. although it was released in 2002, i just saw it for the first time yesterday on dvd.

a great gangster film.sam mendes has directed this beautiful movie showing another father-son camaraderie.brilliant star-cast leading with tom hanks(michael sullivan) has done a terrific job.great acting by him again.he is an acting legend.great acting too from paul newman,jude law and daniel craig.casting is just too good.the plot is quite good.you will enjoy the movie.a great portrayal of the gangster of the 1930's.set in the 1930's,this will surely stand out as the zenith of all gangster movies of that era.soundtrack is pretty good an apt to the movie.a great flick in totality showing what a father does to protect his son.way underrated for my liking.deserved a fully deserved 10.

this is one of the best movies i've ever seen. it has very good acting by hanks, newman, and everyone else. definitely jude law's best performance. the cinematography is excellent, the editing is about as good, and includes a great original score that really fits in with the mood of the movie. the production design is also a factor in what makes this movie special. to me, it takes a lot to beat godfather, but the fantastic cinematography displayed wins this contest. definitely a best picture nominee in my book.

one of my favorite movies, with a very nostalgic ending. the movie is about the sullivan family, obviously michael sullivan (the father) is one of the main members of the mafia, the killer to say it this way, and an expert one. one of the kids wants to know the work of his father (a terrible mistake), so he hides on his father's car and well, he sees tom hanks in action to say it this way.mafia doesn't rules, in mafia nobody wins, when they want you out, they take you out. of course you can see anyone who works at the mafia with a giant house, the best car in the world, whatever you like, but make a wrong work, or make something your "boss" doesn't want, and you're fired, and killed.you can see what i mean in the movie, sullivan jr. sees something he didn't had to see, and well, almost all his family gets killed for that "wrong thing" his son did. the movie is really entertaining, you see how the sullivan's live after being chased by the mafia, or kinda of that.this movie is kinda of sad, shows us about revenge, those dirty works people do, almost everything you like. hopefully the guy is reading this comment doesn't works for the mafia, and if you work at the mafia make yourself a favor and get the hell out of the country before you get killed by your boss and their workers.this movie receives: 10/10

tom hanks like you've never seen him before. hanks plays michael sullivan, "the angel of death". he is a hitman for his surrogate father john rooney(paul newman)an elderly irish mob boss. sullivan's young son(tyler hoechlin)witnesses what his father does for a living and both are soon on the road for seven weeks robbing banks to avenge the murder of sullivan's wife and other son. enter jude law as a reporter/photographer willing to kill sullivan himself for the chance to add to his collection of photos of dead mobsters. filmed beautifully catching the drama of life in the 30's. sometimes the pace bogs down, but then a burst of graphic violence sustains the story. director sam mendes directs this powerful drama about loyalty, responsibility, betrayal and the bonding of a secretive man and his young son. other notable cast members are: dylan baker, stanley tucci, daniel craig and jennifer jason leigh. hanks again proves to be excellent in a very memorable movie. make room for some oscars!

this is an excellent film!tom hanks and paul newman performed great!i was really surprised when newman was beating on his son!that was a great scene and the shooting scenes were staged good.i was very surprised about the end.rent this film today as it is one of tom hanks' best!

an excellent depiction of one of the more unwholesome aspects of that era. i loved the visuals--very fitting for a story connected to a graphic novel.i thought tom hanks was really great in this, he came across very well as someone who has been hardened by his work (which he didn't fully choose for himself) but still wants to have a normal life for his family. he does the best he can to see that happen. don't want to spoil the plot--but you have to see this movie if you are a person who wants more from a movie than the usual shoot 'em up action/gangster format. (it is violent though.)

tom hanks has been in such hit movies as forrest gump, saving private ryan, and the green mile. for the most part, his roles have been good guys that we cheer for. in road to perdition, his character michael sullivanis a little bit different.in sam mendes' film road to perdition based on the graphic novel by max allan collins, he shows the story of a man and his son on the road during the great depression in chicago. what is different about this little road trip is that sullivan is a hit-man who is now being hunted by his former partner. his boss or ex-boss john rooney (paul newman) loves him almost more than his own son, sullivan's partner connor (daniel craig).after a job done the wrong way because of connor, the only witness to his mistake are sullivan and his son who wasn't supposed to be there. so connor tries to take out sullivan and his family, but only gets the wife and other son peter. sullivan outsmarts the hit and rushes home to find michael jr. sitting at the table...just sitting. with his wife and child dead, sullivan takes to the road to find answers.the story follows the two as sullivan tries to make things right in memory of his wife and kid, and for michael who feels like he is to blame for all this. he feels his curiosity killed his mother and brother. tyler hoechlin does a terrific job as michael jr. he brings maturity and also a sense of still being juvenile. his loss of innocence is well acted out as he travels from town to town, leaving nothing behind him.mendes' previous hit film was american beauty which received five oscars including best picture and best director. this film didn't do nearly as well at the oscars only winning one award for best cinematography but receiving five other nominations for music, sound, and a best actor in a supporting role for paul newman. this picture is a great story that takes you on a ride through the midwest and into the legend of mike sullivan: husband, hit-man, and devoted father. this movie is a sleeper film that should be watched for years to come.

this is a beautiful film. the true tale of bond between father and son. this is by far, tom hanks at his finest. tom hanks is really out of the box in this movie. he usually has the nice guy roles. yet in this film,he comes off in this film as a bit gritty, but still emerges smelling like a rose, even until the very last scene, the assassination of his character. the cast of this movie was well put together. i also love the part when there is total silence when tom hanks' character shoots and kills all of the men in mr. rooney's group. there is something chilling and yet profound about no sound in that scene, just simply emotion. i love the look on john rooney, paul newman's character's face when he realizes even before seeing him, that it is tom hanks's character getting revenge, and he knows his fate has come. the first time i saw this movie i was blown away and knew i had to go out and get the video and i since have, adding it to my collection of my all time favorite movies.tom hanks is my favorite actor, so this film has a special place in me.

i think that this film is brilliant.there are many reasons why but these are some of them 1)the good acting by tom and tyler 2) brilliant machine gun scene that was a piece of brilliance 3) i thought that the ending was a good twist because i never expected that at the end all credit to sam mendes.as well as a these 3 points the film form of the film is good as well. i am a film student at college and we studied this film in great detail and it was one of the best films i have seen in many years. i'd just like to say a big thank you to all of the people involved in making this film. lastly i would like to say the best scene in the film is the machine gun scene where john rooney gets kill it is just pure brilliance in shooting the scene in silence until john rooney says " i'm glad it's you" it is a lot better like that i think because the viewer creates there own sound and that sound is totally different for every viewer just brilliant.thank you for reading this comment written by ross kirk aged 16

this is the first tom hanks movie i have gotten the privilege of seeing in the theater, although he is my favorite. when i heard he was going to play a hit-man, i was a little stunned thinking "can mr. hanks pull this one off"? and he did in high fashion. this 1930's depression era film is a about loyalty, redemption, and one path that you don't want your children stumbling down. tom hanks leads a stellar cast as michael sullivan. being the family man, and the secret life of the contract killer for the oscar nominated paul newman. this movie tom hanks relies more on reaction and gaze rather than dialogue, which he delivers a knockout performance.on one night of one of his jobs, michael's son michael jr., played by newcomer tyler hoechlin, witnesses the hit. and michael sr.'s partner in crime, fellow stage actor daniel craig can't have that information out. so he wacks out the son and wife of michael sr., except michael jr. so the two head for chicago to get conner rooney(son of paul newman's mr. rooney).the drama and intense plot really thickens from their as father trys to set things right, even though son is along for the ride. while on this deadly journey, someone has hired a hit for michael sr. the assassin would be the photographer of the deceased harlen maguire, played by a stain-teethed jude law.the movie will have you feeling the old days. and with thomas newman's beautiful and haunting oscar nominated score to go along with it, you can't help but appreciate this film from oscar winning director sam mendes. so sit back, and enjoy the wild ride.

i loved this film! i'm a true tom hanks fan, and i have always been impressed with all of his work. from his most dramatic roles like cast away, the green mile, saving private ryan, forrest gump, apollo 13 & philadelphia. to his hilarious roles like a league of their own, turner and hooch, catch me if you can, the lady killers, big & of course toy story. but in this film hanks isn't the only great actor who lights up the screen. tyler hoechlin, an up and coming star who shows great promise in hollywood co stars as hanks son and delivers nothing short of a great performance. he is certainly someone to watch out for over his career, i believe he will do great things. paul newman as always delivers a brilliant performance on screen. he is truly a legend. we can't forget the people who didn't have such big roles in the film, but still helped make it great. the beautiful & very talented jennifer jason leigh, who's performance in bastard out of carolina & single white female i will never forget, brings her grace to the screen as hank's wife in the film and does a superb job. liam aiken is another found treasure in film. he does such a great job with such a small role, and like his roles in lemony snickets, and sweet november, and i dreamed of africa he gives a great performance.

after gorging myself on a variety of seemingly immature movies purchased on ex-rental dvds, i figured that the time was right for a little serious drama and who better to provide it than sam mendes? for a number of reasons, "american beauty" doesn't appeal to me as much as this film which is easily the darkest thing that tom hanks has ever done and probably one of the most underrated films of the last decade. for this is not a simple gangster tale lifted from its graphic novel origins, and is simply wonderful to watch because of it. and despite my usual allergy to any film with tom hanks' name on it (still can't watch "big" without wanting a cat to kick), i'm glad i gave this a try because this is one of those movies that you'll kick yourself for if you miss it.normally squeaky-clean hanks plays michael sullivan, a devoted family man and father of two sons growing up during prohibition in the early 1930's. he is also a professional hit-man to mob boss john rooney (paul newman) but has managed to keep his job a secret from his sons. but after his eldest (tyler hoechlin) witnesses his dad involved in a mob killing, the pair are forced to go on the run as john seeks to tidy the matter up. soon, father and son are pursued to chicago where a fellow hit-man (a menacing jude law) is waiting for them.on the face of it, it reads like a pretty standard gangster film but as i've said, this isn't really about gangsters at all. it's about the relationship between a father and son thrown together in the most tragic of circumstances. hanks is (*grits teeth*) superb as the tortured man who finds out that everything has its price and little hoechlin is also good as sullivan's son. in all honesty, there is not a single performance that i could single out as weaker than the others - the cast is pretty much faultless. as is the cinematography and costumes (and it's not often i praise costumes!) which recreates the 30's with stunning effect. there has been so much effort to get everything right and it pays off in spades. this could easily have looked rubbish - they admit that the early 30's look was difficult to put down - but it doesn't and that deserves every bit of credit. chicago especially looks fantastic, lined with hundreds of rickety cars from the era and filled with people in monochrome suits and hats. true time-travel, even if a little cgi is needed.the story is also a winner, offering a human face to what is often seen as a stereotypical genre of movie villain. law is surprisingly menacing as the almost mechanical killer maguire and proves that you don't have to be cagney or de niro or brando to play a gangster. the film is decidedly noir-ish, driving rain and ill-lit warehouses predominate but at least violence and killing are (finally) seen to have an emotional and psychological impact on those who perpetrate and those who merely witness such acts. the whole thing is evocative of a previous age and previous movies but it sweeps away the old and refreshes with a modern tale of redemption amid the tommy-gun shootouts and extortion rackets. it can feel a little slow in places, especially if you're used to masses of gun-play in movies like most modern audiences (like yours truly) but sometimes, words can speak louder than actions. mendes has delivered a fine follow-up to his oscar-winning debut, a film which is as intelligent as it is beautiful to watch. "road to perdition" may not be to everyone's tastes but this is one dvd i shall not be exchanging anytime soon.

road to perdition can be summed up by thomas newman's score . it's haunting and beautiful but you're aware that this music is similar to newman's other work and while listening to the soundtrack you're reminded of scent of a woman , meeting joe black and the shawshank redemption you're reminded of other films as the story unfolds on screen . as the sullivans drive round america trying to escape from a psychotic hit man you think of the getaway , irish gangsters is miller's crossing whilst the subtext of guilt and redemption can be summed up by coppola and leone's gangster epics. despite having a seen it all before feel this shouldn't be taken as a heavy criticism of sam mendes film which i repeat is haunting and beautiful and the only flaws that work against it is a very slow opening twenty minutes and i was slightly confused as the events that caused michael sullivan to be betrayed . but if you stop to consider how much of a sentimental mess spielberg might have made with the story that revolves around a father and his twelve year old son running for their lives you can't help thinking what a superb director mendes is road to perdition is a film where the entire cast give flawless performances . i've never been all that keen on tom hanks but he's every bit as good here as he has been in any starring role , probably better . paul newman plays a character with an irish accent but at no point did i believe i was watching an american screen legend putting on a false accent - newman's performance works due to the subtle body language , his character is torn up by guilt but newman never milks it or goes over the top . while never upstaging newman who gives the best performance in the movie the two brit supporting actors craig and law are also very memorable as american gangsters and while law will still have a long career as a leading actor one wonders how daniel craig might have progressed as a character actor if he hadn't decided to become james bond , a role which heralds the end of an actors career

having been driven out of the house and into the theater by the sweltering heat, i could not have been more pleased. the road to perdition, directed by sam mendes (american beauty), is destined to become one of the greatest movies of all time. perhaps i'm just getting old; perhaps i've just seen the same themes recycled time and again. but this movie is indeed different.the story opens with young michael sullivan jr. facing out to the sea, contemplating the duality of his father's legacy -- one of the best men to ever live, one of the most evil. this duality snakes its way throughout the movie. the story revolves around crime boss john rooney (paul newman) and michael sullivan (tom hanks), the young man rooney once took in and who now serves as his personal "angel of death." rooney is tied by blood to his own son, but tied by love and loyalty to michael. young michael jr., intrigued by the stories he reads, steals away in his father's car one night while dad goes off to "work" with connor rooney, heir to the family "business." connor lets the situation get out of hand, and what was meant only to be a warning turns into murder -- witnessed by michael jr. upon the discovery that young michael has seen what he should not have seen, the plot is set in motion as conflicting loyalties collide. soon, michael sr. is on the run with his young son, pursued by contract killer harlen "the reporter" maguire (jude law).i will disclose no further details in order to avoid any potential spoilers. however, i strongly encourage viewers to examine the many dualities that present themselves in the movie: problems between sons and fathers (michael sr & jr., john rooney & son connor), between the world at home and the world at "work", between good and evil, between those who pretend to be men of god and those who really are, between "clean" money and "dirty", between the town of perdition and perdition as hell. and along the way, savor the visual brilliance of cinematographer conrad l. hall (9 nominations, 2 oscars for best cinematography): rain pouring off fedoras, shots through mirrors (especially on swinging doors), tommy-gun flashes from out of the shadows, absent any sound. not only has 75-year-old hall given us perhaps the best cinematic product of his career, but 77-year-old paul newman offers one of his best performances ever.yes ... i may be getting old. but i've seen a lot ... and this is fresh and invigorating. the road to perdition presents a lasting and loving tribute to the gangster genre, to films of the 40s, to dark comic-book figures lurking in the darkness, to villains and heroes, to american film in general. go see it!

this is the best mob film ever made. it deserved more then what it got at the oscars. nominated for things like its score, art direction, supporting role (newman), this film could have easily been nominated for best picture, director (mendes), actor (hanks), supporting actor (newman and law) and won!! hanks gives one of his best performances, and the kid who played michel jr. was so good that i'm surprised i don't see him in more movies today. critics themselves didn't give this film enough credit. but besides the incredible performances, another real star of this film is the incredible music. this was by far the best score of the year. it was nominated but didn't win. this is a great film that should be seen by everyone. my grade-a+

frankly, this movie has gone over the heads of most of its detractors.the opposite of perdition (being lost) is salvation (being saved) and this movie is one of a very few to deal with those two concepts. the movie also explores the love and disappointments that attend the father-son relationship. it should be noted at the outset that none of these are currently fashionable themes.the premise is that the fathers in the move, hit-man michael sullivan (tom hanks) and his crime boss john rooney (paul newman), love their sons and will do anything to protect them. but rooney's son connor is even more evil than the rest. he kills one of rooney's loyal soldiers to cover up his own stealing from his father. when connor learns that sullivan's son michael witnessed it, he mistakenly kills sullivan's other son (and sullivan's wife) in an attempt to silence witnesses.sullivan decides he wants revenge at any price, even at the terribly high price of perdition. rooney, who in one scene curses the day connor was born, refuses to give up his son connor to sullivan, and hires a contract killer named maguire (jude law) to kill sullivan and his son. so rooney joins his son connor on the road to perdition.for the rest of the movie, accompanied by his surviving son young michael, sullivan pursues connor rooney down the road to perdition, and maguire pursues sullivan. when sullivan confronts rooney in a church basement, and demands that he give up connor because connor murdered his family, rooney says - "michael, there are only murderers in this room,.., and there's only one guarantee, none of us will see heaven." as the movie ends, somewhat predictably, one character is saved and one character repents.i'm not a big tom hanks fan, but he does step out of character to play hit-man sullivan convincingly, giving a subtle and laconic performance. newman does well as the old irish gangster rooney, showing a hard edge in his face and manner, his eyes haunted by connor's misdeeds. jude law plays maguire in a suitably creepy way. tyler hoechlin plays young michael naturally and without affectation.the cinematography constantly played light off from darkness, echoing the themes of salvation and perdition. the camera drew from a palette of greens and greys. the greys belonged to the fathers and the urban landscapes of depression era illinois. the greens belonged to the younger sons and that state's rural flatlands. thomas newman's lush, sonorous and haunting music had faint irish overtones and was played out in copland-like arrangements. the sets were authentic mid-western urban - factories, churches. the homes shone with gleaming woodwork.the excellence of the movie lies in its generation of a unique feeling out of its profound themes, distinctive acting, and enveloping music and cinematography. the only negative was a slight anti-gun message slipped into the screenplay y, the movie's only nod to political correctness.i give this movie a10 out of 10; in time it will be acknowledged as a great film.

this is one of the best made movies from 2002. maybe it is not the best movie, but it looks the best, has great acting and is directed perfectly by sam mendes, who debuted with 'american beauty'.it tells the story of a gangster named michael sullivan (tom hanks) who is seen by his son (tyler hoechlin) on one of his jobs. michael's boss, john rooney (paul newman), thinks things will be okay but his jealous son connor rooney (daniel craig) sets both his father and michael up, leading to the death of michael's wife (jennifer jason leigh) and second son. michael thinks rooney is responsible and rooney has to choose for himself and sends a hit-man harlen maguire (jude law) to finish the job. since michael is a respected man within the organization he tries to win some friends who can help him including mob boss frank nitti (stanley tucci).in a way 'road to perdition' is a standard gangster movie but it is so well made you almost can not see that. this movie is good in its production design, art direction, sound, music and most of all in its cinematography. all these elements are able to surprise and create suspense although the outcome is pretty certain. that hoechlin is not a annoying kid and hanks, law and newman know how to act helps, of course.based on a comic this movie is so much better than you would expect and although it has it flaws it belongs to the better movies in the genre. sometimes there are events where you realize you have seen it so many times before, but for some reason it also feels fresh at the same time. the scenes between the adult hanks and the child hoechlin help in that area. see this movie that will look familiar at times but is totally new on a lot of areas.

conrad hall went out with a bang. the great film photographer finished his illustrious career with this movie before passing on. he did himself proud as this is one of the best-looking crime films you'll ever see.of course, the acting ain't bad when you have tom hanks and paul newman playing the leads! the amount of action in here is just right, too: not too much; not too little.none of the characters in here, frankly, are "good guys" as hanks is a professional hit-man for town boss newman. hanks' only redeeming quality is not wanting his young son to wind up a killer like him, although he does teach him how to be the getaway man in robberies! huh?as good as the acting is and as interesting as the story is, the real star of this film is cinematographer hall, who paints scene after beautiful scene with his lens. his work is just awesome.

i f you thought sam mendes' first film, the much heralded american beauty was a movie with style to spare, wait until you see his highly anticipated second effort, the unrelentingly grim 30's gangster melodrama road to perdition. some critics have hailed this new movie as a worthy successor to the godfather, a rash judgment made by several reviewers taken with mr. mendes' extraordinary technical prowess. if the mechanics of movie making are what make a picture great, then yes, road to perdition is a distant cousin to the godfather in terms of what it achieves in cinematography, editing, music scoring and sound. what it doesn't have is a resonance that all great stories and some very rare movies have that stay with the viewer long after the experience of reading or seeing it is over. as with american beauty, there is a cold, distancing feel to this movie, despite some very tense scenes involving paternal love, loyalty and betrayal.this story of a hit man (tom hanks) and his relationship to a surrogate father - figure who is also his boss, an elderly irish mob leader (paul newman) , seems to have been culled from innumerable gangster movies of years past. the father /son motif that hangs over this picture is so heavy handed in its treatment that there is not much room for spontaneity ; the entire enterprise has been very carefully wrought , and nearly all the dialog is delivered with an air of great portent : this is obviously a gangster film , hence the requisite amount of violence and bloodshed , but the film is nearly devoid of any humor to speak of ; only in scenes involving a young boy driving a getaway car in a cunningly edited montage is there any sense of lightheartedness to leaven the pervasive sense of doom.that being said , i have nothing but the highest praise for the stunning look of this film ; indeed , it is not an overstatement to say that this is one of the most beautifully photographed and designed movies i have ever seen. veteran cameraman conrad hall will very likely win another oscar for his work here . the production 's sets and costumes are just as exemplary ; in fact , the entire film is a technical marvel. mr. mendes continues to astonish with his vivid use of color, and he and mr. hall again make very dramatic use of red blood splattered against pale colored walls , all the more effective and disconcerting due to the preponderance of blacks, blues and grays that dominate the movie's color scheme.if i have failed to duly note the acting , it is not because the actors do not purport themselves ably ; everyone in the film is top notch, with special mention going to the two malevolent bad guys : daniel craig is the classic "man you love to hate", the spoiled, impulsive son of newman's gangster father ; and an almost unrecognizable jude law as an especially slimy miscreant who goes on pursuit of hanks and his son and figures very importantly in the film's riveting second half. but acting in a movie this dazzling is bound to take a back seat to the photographic fireworks on display here. if a rolls-royce was a movie , i've no doubt it would look like road to perdition.

i loved so much about this movie...the time taken to develop the characters, the attention to detail, the superb performances, the stunning lighting and cinematography, the wonderful soundtrack...it has a combined intensity and lightness of touch that won't work for anyone who wants the typical fast-paced action flick. if we lived in elizabethan days, i'd say this movie's a bit like a shakespearean tragedy. but since we don't, let's say it's more like a drama-suspense movie.the plot is simple, but the story is complex. the movie is intelligent in the way relationships and issues are explored. much of the story is shown rather than told, which i find makes it more subtle and moving - and which also works well for a story based on a comic book (or graphic novel). at times i felt i was actually there in the 1930s, part of this story - there was such a realistic yet dream-like quality in the style of its telling.i don't often prefer movies to the books they were based upon, but in this case i do. (though i did enjoy the book too.) i've bought the dvd, which is great because it has some wonderful deleted scenes and insightful commentary.(i also took my little cousin, who's a little younger than the boy in the movie, to see it after i saw it for the first time, because he has issues at home and i wanted to use this as a way of starting a discussion on father-son issues with him. he loved it - and the discussion.)

this couldn't have been better. the strong restraints on mike sullivan's expressions couldn't have been portrayed in any other way. tom hanks delivers the best performance of his career. young tyler hoechlin drives an emotional wheel; playing the basis character for the story. and veteran paul newman gives one of his best character performances in a long time.this film is based on a bold graphic novel by max allan collins and richard piers rayner. this is a father/son story which basically employs the two candidates solely unfit for the roles. mike sullivan had no father as a child, so john rooney took him in. although a generous man, mr. rooney involved himself in organized crime. therefore, the debt of sullivan was only to be paid off in involving himself in the business. now, sullivan has a wife and two children and is trying to keep his children safe, but at the same time pay back his boss. the events to follow, will test sullivan's loyalty and embrace his family's fate.with a great adaptation by david self, the dialogue comes out seldomly, but yet very virtuous. the story unfolds in a beautiful 1930's setting (brilliant art direction by richard l. johnson & nancy haigh) covered with a dark rainy (snow on the ground) exterior. driving the story, is thomas newman's wonderful irish score, settling in only when necessary.but the most important technical element in the film is conrad l. hall's beautiful photography. this is some of the best cinematography i've seen; and i watch a lot of films. the scene when mike and michael are in the car, entering chicago is quite impressive. the shot starts at the front of the car, revealing mike(hanks) through the windshield. it subsequently dollys around to the side of the car, to see michael(hoechlin) awakening and peering out his side window. as it continues, it trucks sideways and dollys back, completely around the car and reveals a gorgeous scenic 1930's chicago.with a great cast and crew, the principle man creates a brazenly amazing film. i'm talking about sam mendes, who made his feature film debut in 1999 with american beauty. (won him various awards) before american beauty, mendes worked as a play director for the british theater, but decided that he wanted to move on saying that there was nothing new for him in theater. with only two films, sam mendes has marked himself in my book as one of the great directors (in a list of about twenty-five).the film illuminates a brazen genre that has its hits and misses and expresses the true theme brilliantly. the photography, acting and story is phenominal. i'm still waiting for scorcesee's gangs of new york, but for now, i'm fully confident in saying that this is the "best film of the year". considering it's competition (signs, insomnia, minority report) thats a strong statement.

acting this film is a very well acted film. i will say that the performances are slightly weak at times; but for the most part, the acting is very good. the only actor that blew me away with his performance was jude law as harlen maguire. he was incredible! tom hanks seemed alittle unsure at at a few points throughout the film but he too was incredible. paul newman, good as always. cinematography this is what made the movie a masterpiece (and i rarely use that word). conrad hall is a true genius. if at any point in the movie you were to pause it, you will see the delicately crafted work of this man. he sets up every shot so that nothing is left out. when the camera is still, there is a postcard like quality to the screen. when the camera is moving, every shot is planned to understated perfection. but it doesn't stop there. conrads choice of colors and contrast between light and dark settings is a work of art. the way he lights the set is some of the most amazing lighting work i've seen. his work on this movie made it what it is. this movie is at the top of the list for best cinematography with lotr, black hawk down, hero, cthd, moulin rouge, and vertigo. story people will say this movie is a 1930s gangster flick but, i believe they missed the point of the movie. it is a love story about a hit-man who fails in trying to protect his son from the life he chose. it is a brilliantly crafted story that unfolds into a beautiful bond between two people who have nothing but each other. the screen writing is worthy of an oscar. music thomas newman conducts a sad but hopeful score to intensify this sad but hopeful story. the music is some of the most beautiful and moving scores i've herd. direction sam mendes is a new director with a feel of an experienced director. the symbols he uses and the performances he gets from his actors is a rarity in todays film-making world. i will be on the lookout for the next sam mendes film. 10/10 one of the most moving and beautiful movies i've ever seen.

road to perdition, a movie undeservedly overlooked at that year oscars is the second work of sam mendes (and in my opinion his best work), a director who three years before won oscar for his widely acclaimed but controversial american beauty. this is a terrific movie, and at the same time ultimately poignant and sad.it's a story of a relatively wealthy and happy family from outward appearance during difficult times of depression when the, michael sullivan, a father of two children, played by great tom hanks (i'm not his admirer but ought to say that) is a hit-man for local mafia boss, played by paul newman. his eldest son, a thirteen years boy michael sullivan jr., perfectly played by young tyler hoechlin, after years of blissful ignorance finds out what is his father job and on what money their family live. prompted by his curiosity and his aspiration to know truth he accidentally becomes a witness of a murder, committed by john rooney, son of his father boss. such discovery strikes an innocent soul and it caused numerous events that changed his life forever. the atmosphere of the period, all the backgrounds and decorations are perfectly created, editing and cinematography are almost flawless while the story is well written. but the main line of the movie, the most important moments and points of the movie and the key factor of the movie success are difficult father-son relations in bad times. they are shown so deeply, strong and believable. tom hanks does excellent and has one of the best performances of his career in a quite unusual role for him and all acting across the board is superb. finally worth to mention a very nice score by paul newman and in the result we get an outstanding work of all people involved in making this beautiful (but one more time sad) masterpiece. i believe road to perdition belongs to greatest achievements of film-making of this decade and undoubtedly one of the best films of the year.my grade 10 out of 10

this movie is a very realistic view of a police squad in a small german town as seen through the eyes of a woman recruit. she brings her way of dealing with the law, which means more than simple convictions. the strong performance of the main character, supported by good dialogues makes this flick very enjoyable.

the simple hand camera both gives some almost documentary feeling to this film, and also relates to the dogma films.did you ever get bored of those hollywood-style cop flicks with brawny guys who get assignments james bond would be envious of? fed up with the married-living-single cop, the divorced-but-family-man, the personified doughnut and the tough hunter? ever wondered how the real police work is like?well, for germany, this film shows you. set in the north between west germany and east germany, former ddr, an laid off post office clerk starts her job, fresh from policeschool. she quickly finds her way around the usual customers, and becomes accustomed to life as a policewoman... but this is not much fun.other german crime films like derrick, der alte et cetera have dignified officers talking calmly with suspects. these cops here have to deal with the lowest on the social ladder. good dialogue and realism makes this an interesting view, even more if you know that part of germany a bit.

first things first, edison chen did a fantastic, believable job as a cambodian hit-man, born and bred in the dumps and a gladiatorial ring, where he honed his craft of savage battery in order to survive, living on the mantra of kill or be killed. in a role that had little dialogue, or at least a few lines in cambodian/thai, his performance is compelling, probably what should have been in the jet li vehicle danny the dog, where a man is bred for the sole purpose of fighting, and on someone else's leash.like danny the dog, the much talked about bare knuckle fight sequences are not choreographed stylistically, but rather designed as normal, brutal fisticuffs, where everything goes. this probably brought a sense of realism and grit when you see the characters slug it out at each other's throats, in defending their own lives while taking it away from others. it's a grim, gritty and dark movie both literally and figuratively, and this sets it apart from the usual run off the mill cop thriller production.edison plays a hired gun from cambodia, who becomes a fugitive in hong kong, on the run from the cops as his pickup had gone awry. leading the chase is the team led by cheung siu-fai, who has to contend with maverick member inspector ti (sam lee), who's inclusion and acceptance in the team had to do with the sins of his father. so begins a cat and mouse game in the dark shades and shadows of the seedier looking side of hong kong.the story itself works on multiple levels, especially in the character studies of the hit-man, and the cop. on opposite sides of the law, we see within each character not the black and white, but the shades of grey. with the hit-man, we see his caring side when he got hooked up and developed feelings of love for a girl (pei pei), bringing about a sense of maturity, tenderness, and revealing a heart of gold. the cop, with questionable tactics and attitudes, makes you wonder how one would buckle when willing to do anything it takes to get the job done. there are many interesting moments of moral questioning, on how anti-hero, despicable strategies are adopted. you'll ask, what makes a man, and what makes a beast, and if we have the tendency to switch sides depending on circumstances - do we have that dark inner streak in all of us, transforming from man to dog, and dog to man? dog bite dog grips you from the start and never lets go until the end, though there are points mid way through that seemed to drag, especially on its tender moments, and it suffered too from not knowing when to end. if i should pick a favourite scene, then it must be the one in the market food centre - extremely well controlled and delivered, a suspenseful edge of your seat moment. listen out for the musical score too, and you're not dreaming if you hear growls of dogs.highly recommended, especially if you think that you've seen about almost everything from the cop thriller genre.

first of all that i would like to say is that edison chen is extremely hot and that sam lee is looking much better than before xd! this is probably one of the most original movies i have seen so far; shows a poverty lifestyle background of a cambodian. the cambodian(edison aka pang) goes around killing people to survive himself; has done it throughout his entire life. sam lee's(wai) duty is to capture the cambodian for good. there are tons of violent actions but has a good story to it. the movie shows the struggles between those two characters; they both beat each other like angry dogs. go and watch ppl...strongly suggessted!!! (go hk films)

this has got to be the best movie i've ever seen.combine breathtaking cinematography with stunning acting and a gripping plot, and you have a masterpiece.dog bite dog had me gripping the edge of my seat during some scenes, recoiling in horror during others, and left me drowning in my own tears after the tragic ending.the film left a deep impression on me. it's shockingly violent scenes contrasted sharply with the poignant and tender 'love' scenes. the film is undeserving of it's cat iii (nudity) rating; there are no nude scenes whatsoever, and the 'love' scenes do not even involve kissing or 'making out'.the message which this film presented to me? all human beings, no matter how violent or cruel they may seem, have a tender side. edison chen does a superb job playing the part of the murderous pang.i rate this film 10/10. it's a must-watch.

dog bite dog isn't going to be for everyone, but i really enjoyed it. full of slapping, stabbing and shooting (but don't worry – the lead's a terrible shot), it can best be described as a violent romp through hong kong and cambodia. edison cheng plays pang, a cambodian assassin in town to kill a barrister. despite being filthy from his journey, he's almost immediately seated at a huge table in the middle of an obviously expensive restaurant. if this sounds wildly implausible to you, you should probably avoid this film. it acted as my cue to suspend disbelief, and i had a lot more fun for it.chasing pang down is wai (sam lee), a young, edgy cop who likes to smack people around almost as much as he likes to smoke. wai walks a fine line that has internal affairs investigating him, and his father, a legendary good cop, is in a coma following a drug deal that went south (the implication is that wai is letting his father take the rap for his own corrupt dealings).there are a car crashes, lots of killings, and a strange and awkward love story on offer here, all played out in almost comic-book style. i suspect the humour was deliberate (nobody uses gargantuan concrete bludgeons without an eye for the extravagantly absurd), though the over-the-top nature lost a number of my fellow audience members. there are at least three points where the film might have ended, and at 109 mins it may have benefited from more ruthless editing, or the deletion of one of the narrative threads (the light-hearted stuff worked well, so i would have left out the interactions with the three fathers).i'm inclined to give it a (high) pass, however, if only because of the ending – i've rarely heard so many people laugh so loudly at what should have been a poignant moment. this is one to see with a group of friends who love the ridiculous

ultra-grim crime drama from pou-soi cheang, the director of "home sweet home". tonally, it reminded me of billy tang's "run and kill", although it's not as polished as that. nevertheless, it's an engaging, flawed bit of mayhem about a cambodian loner, pang (edison chen), who arrives in hong kong to kill a lawyer. while fleeing the scene, he kills the partner of cop sam wai, who, to add insult to injury, is in the midst of dealing with his dying father, so sam begins an insane, obsessive manhunt for pang that results in close to a dozen dead bodies and relentless violence. there must be something in the air lately because i've never seen so many humans beating the pulp out of each other as i have lately. this is grim, nasty stuff, which is why i'm so partial to it, and i applaud its downbeat vibe. it's visually arresting and the sound design is very unique. dramatically, everything spirals downwards until every character finds him- or herself in a world of screaming pain. a subplot involving pang's attachment to a sexually abused girl adds depth to the story and spawns a surprise fourth act which boasts a fine act of grotesque surgery.

i watched the dvd of this movie which also comes with an excellent commentary track (in english). it seems in cambodia (the subtitles in english say the character is speaking thai but the movie says cambodia)a very violent evil man is raising boys to be killers using starvation and training them to fight and kill. he sends pang to kill some people in china and during the killings a cop's partner is killed. the cop wai is a loose cannon who is worried about his father who is also a cop who was shot and is in a coma. wai's chief is his dad's friend and is worried about wai's erratic behavior. he doesn't know wai was the one who caught his dad in dealing with drug dealers and shot him and put him into the coma. pang escapes and hides in a squalid landfill shack where he meets a woman who came here to find her mother and keeps repeating her father won't let her leave (pang doesn't speak chinese and doesn't understand this but saves her from her father who appears to be having sex with her maybe this is the reason for cat iii). wai becomes more and more obsessed with getting pang but pang is almost unstoppable. even after pang steals a boat and takes the woman to his home where they are married and she becomes pregnant wai follows and joins the evil man (who's training the boys)making a deal to fight and train so he can get pang. there is a big showdown between wai and pang with the terribly abused woman the major victim and leaving wai dead and pang cutting out his child from the dead mother only to die and leave him as the possible next boy to be raised as a killer. this film is beautifully photographed with an excellent soundtrack. there are many very brutal violent scenes. the woman having a long nail pulled out of her foot. knives to the neck and torso. guns fired directly to the head. and several very intense beatings. it maybe grim intense and downbeat but it is definitely worth seeing.

some comments here on imdb have likened dog bite dog to the classic cat iii films of the 90s, but although it is undoubtedly brutal, violent and very downbeat, this film from pou-soi cheang isn't really sleazy, lurid or sensationalist enough to earn that comparison. however, it still packs a punch that makes it worth a watch, particularly if gritty, hard-edged action is your thing.edison chen plays pang, a cambodian hit-man who travels to hong kong to assassinate the wife of a judge; sam lee is wai, the ruthless cop who is determined to track him down, whatever the cost. with wai closing in on his target, pang will stop at nothing to ensure his escape—until he meets yue, a pretty illegal immigrant who needs his help to escape her life of abuse.a relentlessly harsh drama with great cinematography, amazing sound design, a haunting score, and solid performances from chen and lee (as well as newcomer pei pei as pang's love interest), dog bite dog is one for fans of hard-hitting asian hyper-violence (think along the lines of chan-wook park's vengeance trilogy). stabbings, shootings, merciless beatings: all happen regularly in this film and are caught unflinchingly by director cheang.of course, this is the kind of tale that is destined to have an unhappy ending for all involved, and sure enough, pretty much everyone in this film dies (rather nasty deaths). unfortunately, there is a fine line between tragedy and (unintentional) comedy, and in its final moments, dog bite dog crosses it: in a laughably over-dramatic final scene, pang and wai are locked in battle as a pregnant yue looks on. eventually, after all three have suffered severe stab wounds during the fracas, a wounded pang performs a diy ceasarean on (a now dead) yue, delivering their baby moments before he himself dies.whilst this film might not be a 'classic' slice of hong kong excess, with its deliriously ott action and stylish visuals, it's still worth seeking out.

as i understand it, after the chinese took over hong kong, the infamous cat. 3 hong kong movies kind of disappeared. at least until now, and what an amazing movie this one is. i knew it was a rough crime drama going in, but being the first cat. 3 i've purchased that's been made recently, i wasn't sure what to expect.a cambodian hit-man goes to hong kong to knock off the wife of a judge, who is also a lawyer. turns out, the judge made the arrangements for the hit-man, because she was divorcing the judge, and threatening to take all his money. this is all known within the first ten minutes, so nothing is being given away. after the hit, the cops locate the hit-man pretty fast, but in trying to arrest him, several police officers and civilians are killed. he eludes the police and now the race is on to catch the guy, before he escapes back to cambodia. this is a movie that never stops, and hardly gives the viewer a chance to catch their breath. yes, it is very violent and intense, many cops are killed, as the hit-man proves very very hard to track, and take down when they do locate him. along the way, the hit-man in trying to hide in a dump, finds a women being raped and mistreated by some man. he helps her, and saves her from the guy, and she persuades the hit-man to take her along with him in his escape. i loved this movie, it's like a roller-coaster that just keeps moving and moving at high speed, as one incident leads to another, and the police at times are just as bad or worse as the hit-man. the acting is exceptionally good, and the location filming and photography is at time breathtaking. there's no let up in this movie, not even with the very very incredible ending. the ending is pretty much unbelievable, and also a fitting end to all the action and violence. yes, the violence is brutal at times, but this is a very no nonsense crime drama, that will knock your socks off. "dog eat dog" definitely needs a more widespread release, including an r1 release for sure. great movie, highly recommended.

i would never have thought that it would be possible to make such an impressive movie without any music. but it is. just the pictures. watch out for that picture: anne talking with that little boy benny 'bout the soul. really strong. might make you feel different.

despite being quite far removed from my expectations, i was thoroughly impressed by dog bite dog. i rented it not knowing much about it, but i essentially expected it to be a martial arts/action film in the standard hong kong action tradition, of which i am a devoted fan. i ended up getting something entirely different, which is not at all a bad thing. while the film could be classified as such, and there is definitely some good action and hand to hand combat scenes in the film, it is definitely not the primary focus. its characters are infinitely more important to the film than its fights, a rather uncommon thing in many hong kong action movies.i was really quite surprised by the intricacy of the characters and character relationships in the film. the lead character, played by edison chen (who is really very good), becomes infinitely more complex by the end of the film than i ever thought he would be after watching the first thirty minutes. the police characters also defied my expectations thoroughly. in fact, the stark and honest portrayal of the seldom seen dark side of the police force was quite possible my favorite aspect of the film. i don't know that i would say dog bite dog entirely subverts typical notions of bad criminal, good cop, but it certainly distorts them in ways not often seen in film (unfortunately). so many films, especially hong kong action films i find, portray police in what is frankly a very ignorantly idealized light. this is one of my least favorite things about the genre. i was pleasantly surprised to see that dog bite dog actually had some very unique, and really quite courageous, ideas to present about the police force. there are negotiation scenes in this film that i have never seen the likes of before, and doubt i will ever see again, and am sure i will remember for quite a while. also, the criminal characters are shown from an interesting perspective as well, there is some documentary footage in the film of cambodian boys no older than ten being made to fight each other to the death with their bare hands, which i thought was one of the film's most powerful and moving moments. it says a lot about the reason these guys are the way they are, rather than simply condemning them. also, the relationship between chen's character and the girl he meets in the junk yard reveals a lot about his character. it wasn't until this element entered the film that i really started to see the film as an emotional experience rather than only a visceral one. there is something about most on screen relationships that doesn't quite get through to me, but for some reason this one really did. the actress does an incredible job with this role which i imagine was not easy to play.dog bite dog also features some really breathtaking cinematography, all though it is unfortunately rather uneven. there were some moments that i found really striking, particularly in the last segment of the film, but there was also a good deal of camera work that was just ok. another slight problem i had was with the pacing, which i also felt was uneven. i found a lot of the "looking for a boat" scenes to be a little alienating, all though it quickly picks up after that. the action scenes are short and not too plentiful, but are truly powerful and effecting, particularly towards the end. the fight choreography is honestly not all that impressive for the most part, all though to its credit it is solid and fairly realistic, but the true strength is the emotional content behind the fights. the final scene, while not a marvel of martial artistry or fight choreography, is one of the most powerful final fights i have ever seen, and i've seen quite a few martial arts films.i suppose the biggest determining factor of whether or not one will get much out of dog bite dog is whether or not you can connect with the characters. all of them are certainly some of the more flawed characters one is likely to see in a film of any kind, but there was something very human about all of them that i couldn't help but be drawn to and really feel for them, particularly chen's girlfriend. i should say that i doubt most people will like the film as much as i did simply because i imagine that most people will not like or care about the characters in the same way, but i still recommend it highly all the same. it is truly a deeply moving and effecting film if you give it a chance.

i gotta be straight-up - i haven't seen a film as solid as dog bite dog in quite a while. i'm a big fan of the "old-school" late 80s to mid 90s era catiii films, and i had been hearing that that "style" of films is making a bit of a come-back with films such as this, and herman yau's gong tau (which as of this writing i have not yet seen...), so i was very interested to give some of these newer-wave catiii films a shot. did this film live up to my expectations? absolutely - but not quite in the fashion that i imagined.the story follows a young, animalistic, resourceful and virtually unstoppable thai hit-man with a somewhat vague history who comes to hong kong to complete a "mission". due to some bad-luck, he is quickly identified by a roguish copy (who exudes many of the same qualities as our hit-man), and is quickly apprehended and captured. this state of affairs doesn't last long though, as the un-named assassin escapes from his captors and quickly shows the local police that he is not to be taken lightly. the hunt is on, and a cat-and-mouse game between the police and the "mad dog" (as the police refer to him) ensues. along the way, mad dog is inadvertently befriended by a slow-witted young woman, and a bond forms between the two when she helps him out of a sticky situation. the ante keeps getting upped as mad dog's only objective is to get out of hong kong and back to thailand by any means necessary, and the cops keep trying to reel him in alive...i could probably write ten paragraphs about this complex and thoroughly layered film, but i don't want to give too much away. i watched dog bite dog knowing nothing about the premise, and i think it's the type of film that is definitely better appreciated that way. as to comparisons to the older-style catiii films...there are some similarities. dog bite dog has some hyper-violent moments reminiscent of the "good ol' days", but is never quite as sleazy or grimy as old-school classicks like the untold story or red to kill. where many of the older catiii films' main intention was to "shock" - dog bite dog is a far more thought-out and well-rounded production (though that's not to take anything away from those catiii films that i hold so dear...). this film is far more "emotional" than it is exploitative, and as we learn more about the characters and their backgrounds, the audience begins to bond and identify with both sides. there really are no clear-cut "good" and "bad" guys, as mad dog shows moments of extreme compassion, and the cops stoop to extremely unorthodox methods to try to flesh out the killer. there's also no nudity/sex in this film, which is a typical characteristic of the older catiii films. personally, i would compare dog bite dog more to park's sympathy for mr. vengeance or perhaps the pang brother's bangkok dangerous, as both of those films mixed extremely emotional overtones with strong and unflinching action and violence. again - there's pretty much nothing that i didn't like about this film. the acting is dead-on, the cinematography is sharp and well done, and the whole film skillfully blends several different elements successfully in a way that isn't seen very often. is this film (and others like it...) the "rebirth" of the catiii film - not exactly - but it is a very solid film that's absolutely worth checking out...9/10

those individuals familiar with asian cinema, as a whole, are aware that japan is renowned, or notorious, for it's hyper-violent films and korea is now garnering a reputation for viciously brutal films. dog bites dog, while not necessarily getting as hyper-violent as the craziest miike film, nor is it as unapologetically brutal as some koreas more ambitious efforts, it is a perfect in between with its own brand of brutality all it's own. the greatest strength this film has though, like the greatest of the japanese or korean efforts, is that the brutality, rather than detracting from the film, actually develops the characters, if not, pushing the story forward. the two main characters are both incredibly vicious individuals with their own motivations and emotional underpinning for being as such. sam lee's character, for instance, is on the edge from the very start and slowly and surely, amidst various encounters with chang's character, it is revealed why he is. without spoiling this part of the story too much, it involves the morally ambiguous nature of his father. chang's character, on the other hand, has his most primal instincts honed to, if not perfection, brutal efficiency. surprisingly, chang's story arch, while not necessarily revealing a more human side, actually reveals a side to our animal nature which many forget about which is the natural ability to recognize a fellow broken animal (and no i am not talking about sam lee, rather pei pei's garbage dump girl character). ultimately however, for the first 80 minutes or so, it is a, more or less, straight forward cat and mouse, or dog chase dog, film in which every encounter ends in at least one death (seriously, once sam lee and chang square off, some one will die) and the fun part of movie is you never know who hands will commit the act. which brings us to the film's one weakness. unforunatley to delve into it would be yet another spoiler but, to put it simply, it is guilty of pushing one of the main points of the film since, rather then letting the point be made as is 80 minutes into the film, the film goes on for another 20 minutes or so to further emphasize it. don't get me wrong, if transitioned better from the 80 minute mark to the climax and if the final act wasn't filled with sweet music (in fact if it, like the majority of the film, kept the music to the barest minimum and let the disturbing sound effects do their job), it still could have worked and not detract from the film. as it is though, despite the third act having the most vicious and bloody of the encounters, the way it was handled made it feel tacked on, and almost, insults the viewers intelligence since it felt it had to go this far to get it across. nevertheless, it is still a breath of fresh air from hong kong cinema since even the most bloody of the martial arts films never reaches the level of viciousness and brutality while keeping the the character archs in tact.

wow. if you think that a film can't fatigue in some way, then you haven't seen dog bite dog. this film pulls no punches, and it doesn't shy away from showing very disturbing images at all. much like salo, this one shows us the dehumanization of the human spirit. it is gritty, dark, depressing and hopeless, but it is also one of the best films to ever come out of hong kong.the script is much more of the same, but don't go on thinking it is incredibly clichéd. it basically is about a troubling and obsessive detective in a cat and mouse game, against a professional and emotionless hit-man. while the script offers nothing new on the surface, it does provide a lot of questions about the dark side of humanity. is violence really that necessary? do we become more or less human when we abuse a 5 year old child, without pity, without remorse? in turn, we humans act no less than rabid dogs when we are blinded by anger, this is a sad truth. it is a topic that the director brilliantly explores, without limiting himself at all. besides the cat and mouse chase, the script also develops two separate story lines for the main characters. one is about love, and the other is about redemption. even if the script isn't that new, it is still wonderfully written and it keeps you glued to the seat at all times. the acting is really, really good. edison chen as the hit-man is incredible; he proves that he isn't just any pretty face. he is ruthless, vile and beyond likable. sam lee as the obsessed cop is also outstanding. the supporting cast, in short, is excellent. the music is also worth mentioning. very somber score by ben cheung, with some effective light hearted songs played at key dark moments in the film. the cinematography by yuen man is also really good.overall, this catiii film is highly recommended. very well paced, incredibly acted, marvelously scored and just really good at the end of it all. however, as many have pointed out, this is not a movie for everyone. if you dislike strong violence then you should stay away from this one. if you don't like seeing heavy negativity in film then this isn't for you too. in the end, a powerhouse film, 8/10.

this has to be one of the best movies to come out of hk in a long time, i was eagerly waiting to get my hands on this movie just looking at the title. loads of fantastic actors in this show and i was particularly impressed with sam lee's impossibly believable insane behavior and edison's portrayal of a killer machine, which totally reversed his normal idol image. i would definitely recommend to those looking for a stylish and action packed movie. however, i must warn you, this is also an equally depressing movie, as every character in the movie is in some kind of dead end and trouble of their own, and struggling to breathe. makes you think about what is life about really.

it's remarkable and quite praiseworthy how writers and directors continue to make great movies out of one of the oldest and most (over)used story lines in cinema! "dog bite dog" is basically not much more than just the simple story of an lone copper obsessively chasing a brilliant criminal, only pou-soi cheang distinguishes his film from the rest by being extremely violent & relentless. this is unquestionably one of the grittiest and most uncompromising movies i've ever seen, with an atmosphere of constant nihilism and characters that seem to come walking straight out of hell! not even the installments in chan-wook park's trilogy of vengeance (with the exception of "oldboy", perhaps) or any other infamous cat-iii film ever released were as sadistic and brutal as some of the events depicted in "dog bite dog". pang is a young and ruthless cambodian assassin who lands in the crowded streets of hong kong to eliminate the wife of an eminent judge in a restaurant. when the police arrives at the place, young officer wai sees how pang hastily flees from the scene of the crime and follow him. the first actual confrontation between the two rabid dogs results in a gigantic blood bath, as pang mercilessly kills several hostages and even wai's long time friend and colleague. from then on begins a thrilling and action-packed cat and mouse game between the frustrated cop and the professional killer. the latter also saves a young girl from the constant sexual abuse of her father and stays with her at her shed in the local garbage dump. what makes this routine action/thriller so fascinating (apart from the explicit violence) are the main characters' backgrounds! pang, the hit-man, is a cambodian orphan and has been trained to fight & kill for money ever since he was a child. he knows no restrictions, has no mercy and barely speaks a word. wai, the cop, became particularly ruthless and unorthodox ever since his role-model father (also a cop) lies in a coma after a drug-related incident. lai doesn't question suspects and witnesses; he yells at them and he's prepared to sacrifice everything in order to stop his brand new nemesis. people with a weak stomach or tangled nerves are advised to stay away from this film, because the cruelty and shocks featuring in "dog bite dog" can easily cause nausea. it's not the type of violence where bloodied heads and chopped off limbs fly through the air, but more like the intense and utterly disturbing type where people attempt to crush their opponents mentally as well as physically. the filming locations are effectively dark and eerie and the extremely sober music makes the already harrowing tone of the movie even more petrifying. the performances are terrific! i wouldn't be surprised if edison chen and sam lee treated each other like enemies on the film set as well, because their on screen hatred and disgust feels a little too legitimate. "dog bite dog" is a powerful and unforgettable film, highly recommended if you can stomach it. if you fear you can't, just wait a few years for the inevitable american remake which will unquestionably soften the premise a little.

one of the most nihilistic and brutal films i've ever seen, but also one of the most tragic and moving ones. this is an action-melodrama like the world has never seen it before. sometimes the plot got me close to tears, while in the next moment delivering shocking revelations like a bone-crunching blow to the guts. chilling performance by edison chen. the story of a hk-cop and a cambodian killer hunting each other down, while bit by bit losing their humanity, is a strong one. featuring very little dialog in favor of haunting imagery and gritty camera-work, "dog bite dog" is pure hk-bloodshed without the heroism.

finally we have before us a category iii movie for the summer 2006 season. made of equal parts cruelty, crime and passion, dog bite dog benefits not merely from an apt title, but also flexible direction, superb cinematography and respectable performances from most involved. of course there has to be a catch, manifested here in the form of several glaring inconsistencies, yet all told dbd represents the mature spirit we'd love to see more of in the hk mainstream.it also marks the heralded return of edison chen, long absent since the initial d debacle of a year ago. chen's reserved machismo does wonders for the movie, yet would have had it rough without opposite sam lee, whose knack for alternating between physical comedy (crazy 'n' the city, no problem 2) and lunatic menace has culminated in the strongest role we've seen from him since made in hong kong.together, the duo makes dog bite dog, and hopefully edison's going to get an easier break from now on as a consequence: his touch transformed projects from princess d to the infernal affairs saga, and still he remains a rare occurrence.mostly upon commencing, dbd showcases some mesmerizing imagery, playing gorgeous tricks with light, shadow and perspective. the soundtrack boosts this atmospheric effect, adding to the overall unreal mood the film purveys. much of the resultant combination probably has to do with writer matt chow, previously engaged in likewise gruesome three extremes. dog bite dog retains numerous traits recalled from that horror project, namely rundown urbanscapes and a pervasive air of something eerie lurking round the corner.rest assured, though, this isn't a horror movie, instead following a path trodden before by classic one nite in mongkok, albeit from a miles more perverse angle. replacing daniel wu's reluctant mainland assassin character we have edison, playing a nameless killing machine hailing from cambodia's underworld. sent hong kong-way to execute a single target, the nearly silent assassin takes care of business immediately upon arrival, a process chillingly depicted courtesy of the film's brilliant visuals.although weaned from childhood to become a professional killer, edison's eponymous wild dog still has human weaknesses and leaves a trail, picked up on by a cid team sent to investigate. this assembly features a nice cameo by mob-movie stalwart lam suet, and good support from tv star wayne lai. however, sam lee's renegade officer wai leads the charge, revealing himself to be a highly disturbed individual but excellent cop nonetheless. we gradually learn wai's inner-conflict stems from his father's police corruption background, evoking demons handy in the relentless pursuit that ensues.a minor body count transpires, as edison seems to consider taking prisoners a no-no. there's quite the violence quotient in store, even though gore per se feels toned down in places, and adult language only makes a token appearance. once more, no nudity, leading one to conclude cat iii's are being handed these days a bit hastily. still, dbd's a relatively mature theatrical release, and we applaud its arrival.in between the fighting, stabbing , hacking and shooting, even a career murderer needs some romance, and just like daniel wu had cecilia cheung in one nite, so does intrepid mr. chen get a sweetheart, done beautifully by new comer pei pei. her unnamed character (lots of anonymity in this one) meets edison's at a strangely deserted landfill, abused by her father to the point of repulsive madness and yearning for escape. when the killer ditches hk, he agrees to take her with him, and they go on the run together, love blooming en route. while the movie doesn't linger on lovey-dovey stuff, our hearts go out to pei pei's tragic character and her endless suffering. she renders the timid but valiant protagonist amazingly well, establishing that there aren't any good or bad guys here, evinced by the highly sobering finale.director cheang soi's portfolio includes recent suspense thriller home sweet home and love battlefield with eason chan, two numbers likely surpassed in most accounts by dog bite dog's sinister demeanor. cheang manages to keep dbd flowing throughout, and considering the many parts in play here, stands up to critical standards erected by people like johnny to in his watershed nocturnal epic the mission. a couple of glitches do come about, to wit edison miraculously shrugging off a shot to the chest, but these are highly forgivable.marking triumphant returns for two young, talented performers of the kind hong kong needs if we want the city's movie heyday to come back, dog bite dog doesn't stand out for story. its forte lies in strong portrayals and style, buoyed along on the strength of thespian muscle and a keen eye for visual and auditory finesse.hk has a long, time-honored tradition of stories to do with the city's nighttime alter-ego, something dog bite dog upholds lovingly, amounting to a solid run if not an outright masterpiece.rating: * * * *

wow! i have seen so many bad low budget films lately, but this one is great. the very realistic portrayal of police life in a city on the east german coast is a strong contrast to other crime movies or series. i loved the main actress and the absolute rejection of any prevalent cliché about the police. this film is realistic like a documentation and entertaining like a drama at the same time. a perfect tradeoff!

there are many police dramas doing the rounds. i am not sure why. it's probably to do with the old basic theme of good versus evil.this film has a documentary style as we follow the difficult initiation of anne, a raw recruit, into a police squad stationed in the baltic area. no attempt is made to glamorise the police. they are truly down to earth, harsh at times and unforgiving, anne on the other hand has a soft heart perhaps a little more understanding of the human condition. against all rules she sometimes holds back incriminating information found on her strip searches and other investigations.this is not a pleasant film. not one to relax you. there is not much feeling of optimism in it. the police seem to be involved in a losing battle. tomorrow there will be more bashings, more murders, more family break-ups, and more distressed children. let's face it. this is the world we live in.as days go by anne becomes more intimately involved with the police and with the families they are investigating. the only real warmth in the film is that provided by the character benny, a 12 year old from a broken family. anne has her own way of patching things up. she turns a blind eye to benny's shoplifting and tries to help him as best she can. i was surprised though that she went so far as to seduce benny's father. it set me wondering if it was in consideration of the father or her own needs. after all, the film makes it clear that she was desperately in need of a partner and loving children.well cast but not my idea of an evening's entertainment,

i give this movie 7 out of 10 because the villains were interesting in their roles and the unknown batwoman creates an interesting "guess who" game. the movie, however, needs more robin in it. he appeared in the movie in the beginning and sporadically throughout the rest. i always thought the new animated series did little justice to the neat new robin character, let alone knightwing. this movie just continues that bad tradition. the movie spends too much time on bruce wayne and his romance which wouldn't be so bad in one movie if the romance wasn't so unbelievable. it is still a good movie if you are a batman fan and i would recommend watching it.

i thought the film could be a bit more complex,in a psychological sense perhaps, but the action and voice acting were top notch. the animation was heavy cg in many scenes, but very good ones at that. this is one of the batman returns/forever type films, which include romances and the conflicts of wayne and motives for dating. 007 fans would love this, and so would the females, great theme song! wayne was portrayed very well in this film, and the penquin was back to his true form, no mutant genes in him this time! i liked the fact robin wasn't used too much, tim drake was just a good computer nerd, somewhat of an indigo child or mind of the future.the supporting cast was made up of some soap opera stars, decent talents and the characters were drawn to look like the voice actors too. kelly ripa was hilarious in this film.i rate this below phantasm, return of the joker, and batman vs. dracula, but liked the smarter script better than i enjoyed subzero. 7/10

i always said that the animated batman movies were much better than the live action films.i've seen all of the animated films, but out of the bunch, this is the poorest, and it's rather disappointing."mask of the phantasm" would rank as the best, then "world's finest", then "sub zero", then "return of the joker", and finally this ranks last.in this newest animated movie, there's a mysterious new batgirl in gotham and batman is intent on discovering whether she's friend or foe as she sets out on a quest for vengeance.but as bruce gets involved with three young women, he begins investigating them and discovers who is the new batgirl.the tone in this film is unusually light considering most of the films are grim and bleak, which was rather disappointing. bruce acts strangely out of character most of the time, the villains are re-used from the last films, and while the action scenes are exciting, they're really nothing new. it also lacks the dramatic impact the other films have, especially that of "sub-zero" which was heavy in drama and character development.everything in the film feels pretty recycled and the supporting characters are charming but no one is actually worth rooting for.all the while, i really enjoyed this, i had a blast, and the identity of the new batgirl is surprising, but this wasn't as exciting as i'd hoped.(**half out of ****)

in 1993, with the success of the first season of batman: the animated series, warner brothers commissioned the team responsible for the hit-show with producing a feature-length movie, originally slated for direct-to-video, but bumped up to theatrical status. it would become known as batman: mask of the phantasm. ten years after phantasm, we have had an additional three feature-films released from the boys at the wb, sub-zero, return of the joker, and now, mystery of the batwoman joins the family.the plot is basic and in many ways similar to mask of the phantasm: a new female vigilante modeling herself after batman has begun targeting operations run by gotham mob boss rupert thorne and oswald cobblepot aka the penguin. now, batman must attempt to unravel the mystery of the batwoman before she crosses the line.the animation is the sleeker, futuristic style that was utilized for batman: the animated series' fifth and sixth seasons (aka the new batman adventures). , it's quite nicely done, and just as sleek as return of the joker's animation. there is also some use of cgi, but it's minor compared to the overabundance of it in sub-zero. the music was alright. different and exotic and similar to the justice league score, although the points in the score when the old animated batman theme comes up will be sure to send waves of nostalgia through the older fans' rodent-shaped hearts.kevin conroy, as always, does a wonderful job as bruce wayne and batman. it's also great to have the old batman: the animated series alumni back; that includes bob hastings (commissioner gordon), robert costanzo (detective bullock), tara strong (barbara gordon/batgirl; her cameo hints at the romantic-relationship between her and bruce that was mentioned in batman beyond), and efrem zimbalist jr.(alfred).villains were also great - especially given that rupert thorne, the old mob boss from the original series, appears for the first time since the fourth season.overall, while not quite reaching the standard set by mask of the phantasm ten years ago, motb carries on the torch quite nicely for the animated batman films. and if you have the dvd and are a hardcore fan, you will love the five-minute short chase me.

batman: mystery of the batwoman is the latest animated batman straight to video/dvd movie to be released. (minor spoilers ahead) the plot revolves around a new crimefighter, the batwoman, who seems to be personally involved, for whatever reason, in stopping a major arms shipment.although the movie is interesting enough, it's not as good as 'mask of the phantasm,' 'sub-zero,' or 'return of the joker.' the main reason being is that it doesn't give off the emotional appeal the other movies did. at the end of this movie, we don't really feel sorry for anyone as we did in the others, especially, 'sub-zero.' there is no real tragedy that made the other animated movies special for us. even the batwoman is not really a 'tragic' character (as mr. freeze or phantasm were). not only that, but batwoman's alter ego seems so incredibly 'stiff' and dull that the viewer doesn't really care what happened to her that caused her to put on the mask or what happens to her at the end and therein lies the main reason we don't get this special emotional appeal.don't get me wrong, i did find the movie enjoyable. it does have its moments, such as, when the audience finds out who batwoman really is and seeing an old villain return who was last seen in the original 'batman: the animated series.' the action is also very enjoyable with some very suspenseful moments.if the batwoman's background was more interesting, this movie would have been better than 'return of the joker' in my book, but as it is now, it's in 4th (out of 4).as for the animation, it's the same as the new batman adventures' cartoon from the mid to late 1990's. the score is not as memorable as the previous 3 animated batman films, but it's still good nonetheless.i do recommend buying this dvd because, despite its flaws, it is enjoyable. but just remember, it's not as good as the other batman animated movies.7/10

it aired on tv yesterday, so i decided to check it out. this was one of the last bruce timm/paul dini dtv projects related to their old 1992 batman the animated series, after that jeff matsuda came along and re-imagined batman with his new the batman series, but anyway, the story of this new batman movie centers around the appearance of a new vigilante known as batwoman, however batman feels the need to stop her because of her extreme methods, and also in the meantime take down the pengiun and ruphert thorn who both are secretly working with carlton duquesne(who's having family troubles) and another villain(which is later revealed in the movie) on a weapons smuggling operation,they also put a bounty on the batwoman. the question is: who is this mysterious batwoman and is it possible that they could be more then one? it's up to batman to solve this mystery and stop penguin's latest operation. for an animated movie, it has a fairly complex plot and a serious tone, which is good. another plus was the complete redesign of the penguin who looks much more like the sophisticated mob boss we're used to seeing in the comics, unlike his previous designs that borrowed elements from tim burton vision of pengium(sewer rat and circus freak). even though the movie contains a love subplot it's never carried that far and doesn't derail the movie like say, batman forever. the voice acting is standard quality for these direct-to-video projects(if only batman: mask of phantasm took this route), kevin conroy still shines as batman/bruce wayne. and like i said despite running for some very short 80 minutes, it manages to make a pretty good(and complex) storyline complete with a few minor twists and bucket loads of action. there are a few downsides, however, nightwing is nowhere to be seen, and i'm sure barbara gordon and bruce wayne don't click as a couple, even though is just referenced, tim drake(aka robin) does very little in the movie and to be quite frank, i was never a big fan of paul dini and bruce timm's batman character design(especially in their batman shows post-btas), this the new adventures of batman and robin, well, it kinda makes batman look fat then rather a well-built bulked up individual(kinda like the jeff matsuda character model from the batman). bruce wayne seems a bit awkward, those blue eyes make him look more like clark kent then bruce(though it's true they do look very much alike). another downside is rupert throne(no explanation as to why he is in this deal, but it's safe to say he's has goons and what's a cut of the deal) which does very little more then hang out with the penguim or get himself hurt every time he points a gun at someone(count how many times this happens in the movie and you'll be surprised. overall, a good batman animated movie, worth at least a rental.

an enjoyable batman animated film. not on par with "return of the joker" or "mask of the phantasm", but solid nonetheless. i liked how the movie kept you guessing as to who batwoman was. there was nice twist. nice action sequences. i've always been of the opinion that the batman cartoons are better then any of the pitiful batman live action film sequels. the trend continues here.7.5 out of 10

this post may contain spoilers :although it was 5 years after the series ended and wb was currently working on justice league, this animated movie is a welcome addition to the video library. why? well, if mask of the phantasm compliments the first 70 episodes of batman: the animated series and subzero compliments the 15 episodes of the adventures of batman and robin, then mystery of the batwoman compliments the final 24 episodes of the gotham knights version of batman. kevin conroy once again delivers a voice over performance that is nothing short of excellence and perfection. i admit i was a bit leery when i heard about batwoman and all i could think about were the old 50's comics of batman. but i was blown away by the batwoman character, her look, her costume (which i assumed inspired bruce wayne to create the costume on batman beyond)and the fact that this movie keeps you guessing who batwoman is all the way through. if you want to know who batwoman is, then buy or rent the dvd. barbara gordon makes a cameo appearance and i think the writers were trying to hint that bruce and barbara had something going on between them like they did in batman beyond. tim drake appears as robin, but his role is a small one and sadly, there is no sign of or mention of dick grayson alias nightwing, which leads me to believe he has established himself in bludhaven (his city in the comics).of the three suspects for batwoman, my favorite is kathy duquesne, who looks an awful lot like halle berry. kelly ripa did a great job as one of the other suspects. when it comes to the villains, i'm glad the penguin was one of them, but i did not like the fact that they replaced paul williams with david ogden stiers. pengy just didn't sound right. same thing goes for robin. the new guy did okay, but just as i was starting to get used to matt valencia, they replaced him. it's interesting to note that kevin michael richardson, who voices carlton duquesne is now the voice of the joker in "the batman" series. and we finally see what rupert thorne looks like revamped since he didn't show up in the gotham knights episodes. the late john vernon will be missed. although i enjoyed henry silva as the voice of bane, if he had to be replaced, they got the right man in the form of hector elizondo. i only wish they could have used two face, riddler, or the scary new version of the scarecrow.the musical score and especially the soft sounding intro were superb. i wish that was on a soundtrack and i especially enjoyed the beautiful and talented cherie in the iceberg lounge along with her song, betcha neva. while some feel that this movie is weaker than the mask of the phantasm and subzero, i find it just as strong and enjoyable as the rest, plus like i said earlier, it's a full length movie based off the gotham knights version of batman, which i think gives a good balance. i would at least recommend renting this dvd first before buying it for those who might be leery of this movie, but personally, it's well worth the purchase. i give mystery of the batwoman a 9.

the original animated dark knight returns in this ace adventure movie that rivals mask of phantasm in its coolness. there's a lot of style and intelligence in mystery of the batwoman, so much more than batman forever or batman and robin.there's a new crime-fighter on the streets of gotham. she dresses like a bat but she's not a grown-up batgirl. and batman is denying any affiliation with her. meanwhile bruce wayne has to deal with the usual romances and detective work. but the penguin, bain and the local mob makes things little more complicated.i didn't have high hopes for this 'un since being strongly let down but the weak batman: sub zero (robin isn't featured so much here!)but i was delighted with the imaginative and exciting set pieces, the clever plot and a cheeky sense of humor. this is definitely a movie no fan of batman should be without. keep your ears open for a really catchy song called 'betcha neva' which is featured prominently through-out.it's a shame the dvd isn't so great. don't get me wrong there are some great features (the short 'chase me' is awesome) and a very cool dolby 5.1 soundtrack but... the movie is presented in pan and scan. batman: mystery of the batwoman was drawn and shot in 1.85:1 but this dvd is presented in 1.33:1 an in comparison to the widescreen clips shown on the features there is picture cut off on both sides. i find this extremely annoying considering mask of phantasm was presented in anamorphic widescreen. warner have had to re-release literally dozens of movies on dvd because people have complained about the lack of original aspect ratio available on some titles. why they chose to make that same mistake here again is beyond me.i would give this dvd 5/5 but the lack of oar brings the overall score down to 4/5. it's a shame because widescreen would have completed a great dvd package.

for starters i have always been a fan of the batman cartoons because the theme is so universal, 'that everyone alive has an alter-ego'. this is true in the mystery of batwoman. while the overall story is good i'm disappointed that they haven't really done much for the franchise with this.throughout the movie, you are trying to find out who the identity of batwoman is, unfortunately you can find out by easily looking at the cast of credits posted on this website (so if you haven't seen it already don't go there). i was sort of disappointed that they didn't make the movie longer. 75 minutes is way too short for any movie. the secret identity of batwoman also comes far too early in the movie, sort of midway, and becomes anti-climatic afterward because you know the good guys will always win and that the new character known as batwoman will disappear after the movie is over.i'm also not too sure about the new animation style used in this movie. i love the sleek new characters but there should be some more detail where detail is called for. some parts of the animation look so awkward and rigid that it grabs your attention right away diverting your attention away from the storyline. i also didn't really like the bright atmosphere used in most of the scenes, it sort of loses its dark and gothic feel which is batman. similarly we should've gotten to know more about batwoman's personality so that we can build the same deep compassionate feeling that we do with bruce wayne. also i think the fight with bane should have been done better. in typical children's fashion the bad guy meets his demise too easily either by tripping, falling, getting electricuted or doing something dumb that works against them. come to think of it there wasn't even one drop of blood spilled in this movie either.bottom line, its a good entertaining flick and i recommend anyone who's a batman fan to watch it. it has good storyline, universal appeal and even great acting to top it off. i just wish that they could have delivered more permanent change to the story by making batwoman stay to make things more interesting. not just introduce her and then kick her off once she's done. i'd also like to see someone else figure out the mystery for a change finally. to have some other than batman solve the mystery and fill him in later with the details.i hope there are more animated movies to come and look forward to the time when we will actually be able to see the breakup between bruce wayne and barbra gordan. he's been stringing her along forever and doesn't even like her and i can't believe that she was dumb enough to fall in love with someone 20 years older. i also want to see the time when tim drake leaves because he is getting sick of the old man. in short i want to see all of the things that led the characters to where they will be in batman beyond. otherwise the same repeated formula will just end it faster than if they just decided to move on with the story.

this batman movie isn't quite as good as batman mask of the phantasm and batman and mr. freeze subzero but it is still a good installment to the batman cartoons i say it is equally good as batman beyond the movie. this movie is good for all the same reasons the storyline is good not quite as good as the other one's but still pretty good it has lots of action in it the cartoon effects are good the voice of actors are really good such as kevin conroy as batman/ bruce wayne, tara strong as barbra gordon, efrem zimbalist jr., eli marienthal as robin. the villains are good such as kyra sedgwick as batwoman, david ogden stiers as the pequin, hector elizondo as bane. so i am sure you will not be disappointed with batman mystery of the batwomen. so make sure that you rent or buy batman mystery of the batwoman the movie because it is really good.overall score: ******* out of ********** *** out of *****

"batman: the mystery of the batwoman" is about as entertaining as animated batman movies get.while still true to the feeling of the comic books, the animation is done with a lighter spirit than in the animated series. bruce wayne looks much like he has before, but now he appears somewhat less imposing. the dick grayson robin has been replaced by the less edgy, more youthful tim drake robin.kevin conroy, as usual, invokes the voice of batman better than most live action actors.kelly ripa did a much more decent voice-acting job than i was expecting.as in the live action batman films, the movie lives or dies based on the quality of the villains. my all-time favorite, the penguin, is here. his design is sleeker than it has appeared before, hearkening more to the burgess meredith portrayal of the '60's than the danny devito portrayal of "batman returns." david ogden stiers is the perfect choice for the penguin's voice. the penguin is finally portrayed as a cunning sophisticate, just as he most commonly appears in the comics. hector elizondo's voice creates a bane who's much more memorable than the forgettable version in "batman & robin." and finally, batman has a descent mystery to solve, putting the "detective" back in "detective comics" (that is what "dc" stands for, after all.) the revolution to the mystery is a delightfully sneaky twist.the score adds to the mysterious ambiance of the movie. it sounds like a mix between the score from "poirot" and the score from "mission: impossible." all in all, it's more entertaining than your average cartoon.

outrage is pretty good movie! robert culp was very good in the movie and was perfect for the part! its hard to believe that this is a true story but what can you do? when i watched this i thought why do they have to do all of those things. it isn't right but they learned their lesson when they picked on the wrong man! anyway if you ever see this movie on tv watch it because its a good one!

i remember this movie. quite intense for an 11 year old. good editing, i felt terrible for the st. bernard. i'd watch it again if it were rebroadcast, but the signal is passing pluto as i write this. robert culp. a highlight of his career. i am just glad i didn't live in that neighborhood. oh those 70's. what a decade. if they remade it i bet it would be very violent and bloody. so what are they waiting for? an excellent movie for pre-pubescent suburban boys. it was very intense. i think it was filmed in los angeles. certainly not made in lodi nj. the shot with the st bernard was the best and obviously the most haunting image from the film...and then they left the carcass on the stoop. rotten kids.

robert culp (they call his character "doctor"...i think he's a vet or something) and family move to an affluent, low-tax, zero-law-enforcement suburb. lantern-jawed culp and his dog are nearly killed when some local idiot neighbor kids get drunk and "go cruising" through his front yard at 60mph. he presses charges, which arouses the kids' ire, and suddenly him and his family are the victims of a violent and disturbing prank campaign.marilyn manson, er, marlyn mason rather, plays his fretful, boiled-celery wife, who urges him not to use violence against his sneering nemeses, and who really just wants to move somewhere with decent public services. but the system is getting culp nowhere, and he's not about to leave his house because of some punk kids and their crazy rock and roll music. and we all know what movie people do when the system fails...(but this is based on a true story, which makes it even better).it should be noted that while the villainous hooligans do have convenient '70s funk-o-matic "teenage" theme music that warns us when they're up to no good, this film actually ends up treating the age brackets even-handedly (really!). it doesn't make a big generational thing out of it. kudos for that.anyway, if you like dogs (or at least believe in protecting their civil rights, like me), and you like justice, and you like fire, and you like justice for dogs by way of fire, and you think people who skitter nervously out of troubled communities are "too damn soft," then this flick's ethos is up your alley. no, it's not really "good," at least not in any widely recognized sense of the word. there's nothing subtle or understated or clever about it, it's just sort of a feature-length psa for vigilantism. it does, however, capture the feeling of some memorable scenes in other, beloved works. remember in frank miller's the dark knight returns when batman leads the mutants on horseback to reclaim gotham city? remember that scene in a christmas story where the kid pounds the bully's face in? remember how cool that was? or do you just really hate being looked at funny by your neighbors? yeah, mon.unfortunately, this was a 1973 made-for-tv movie that i just happened to catch at 4am on my local wb affiliate, and it's probably not destined for dvd release. but after being inspired by this film, do you think i'm gonna just sit here and take it!?!

this is a great movie from the lost age of reactionary made-for-television drama. my all-time favourite actor, robert culp skillfully plots a trajectory through uptight liberal fairmindedness and faith in the system, kneejerk conservativism and fear of crime, and homicidal psychosis. the teens are a collection of pure sneering evil stereotypes, and the eventual message of this film makes episodes of dragnet look evenhanded by comparison. but what really shines in this is the great pace of the movie, building the fear and paranoia by degrees, as well as the feel of the whole california setting. the cars are really great as well, as i recall. i give this film a 10, and i defy anyone to watch this film and not enjoy every minute. remember, just because it's made-for-television doesn't mean it isn't great art.

this is a very good, made for tv film. it depicts trouble in suburbia circa 1970's and the sort of neighbors one certainly does not want to have around. the worst & most upsetting part of the film was when the punk teenagers killed the family dog. the teens do everything to annoy and harass this poor family. but boy!, does the lead character take vengeance on those punk teenagers in the end. the father/homeowner surely does not take all of the aggravation from the punk teens lightly and is quick to retaliate after lack of help from the police that is. he stands up to them and protects his home and his family. a very good actor..i might add.i watched this on tv when i was like 8 or 9. i have never seen it again on tv and would like to. definitely a good one! it's the sort of movie one may catch on a weekday night very late at night and can't stop watching or an afternoon film on a weekend. it's the kind they just don't show anymore.it is definitely worth seeing!

this flick is sterling example of the state of erotic b-movies: bad porn movies without the hardcore sex. the plot in this one isn't so bad as these things go; it involves a female lawyer trying to prove her lover is innocent of killing his wife. the rest of the movie, however, leaves something to be desired. bad acting, bad direction, bad looking woman, bad sets, bad cinematography, bad sound and bad sex scenes. the filmmakers should learn the difference between raunchy and erotic. they don't even have the common sense to have gabriella hall naked or in a love scene. how dumb is that?

great softcore sex, revealing and sexy, and plenty of it. ignore the ignoramus who doesn't realize that raunchy is sexy if done the right way. if you "erotic," go watch that red shoes diary junk. if you want hot and exciting softcore done properly, this is the movie to watch. if you like the more explicit skinemax films, you'll like this one. great softcore sex, revealing and sexy, and plenty of it. ignore the ignoramus who doesn't realize that raunchy is sexy if done the right way. if you "erotic," go watch that red shoes diary junk. if you want hot and exciting softcore done properly, this is the movie to watch. if you like the more explicit skinemax films, you'll like this one.

this low-budget erotic thriller that has some good points, but a lot more bad one. the plot revolves around a female lawyer trying to clear her lover who is accused of murdering his wife. being a soft-core film, that entails her going undercover at a strip club and having sex with possible suspects. as plots go for this type of genre, not to bad. the script is okay, and the story makes enough sense for someone up at 2 am watching this not to notice too many plot holes. but everything else in the film seems cheap. the lead actors aren't that bad, but pretty much all the supporting ones are unbelievably bad (one girl seems like she is drunk and/or high). the cinematography is badly lit, with everything looking grainy and ugly. the sound is so terrible that you can barely hear what people are saying. the worst thing in this movie is the reason you're watching it-the sex. the reason people watch these things is for hot sex scenes featuring really hot girls in red shoe diary situations. the sex scenes aren't hot they're sleazy, shot in that porno style where everything is just a master shot of two people going at it. the woman also look like they are refuges from a porn shoot. i'm not trying to be rude or mean here, but they all have that breast implants and a burned out/weathered look. even the title, "deviant obsession", sounds like a hardcore flick. not that i don't have anything against porn - in fact i love it. but i want my soft-core and my hard-core separate. what ever happened to actresses like shannon tweed, jacqueline lovell, shannon whirry and kim dawson? women that could act and who would totally arouse you? and what happened to b erotic thrillers like body chemistry, nighteyes and even stripped to kill. sure, none of these where masterpieces, but at least they felt like movies. plus, they were pushing the envelope, going beyond hollywood's relatively prude stance on sex, sexual obsessions and perversions. now they just make hard-core films without the hard-core sex.

a nicely done thriller with plenty of sex in it. i saw it on late night tv. there are two hardcore stars in it, lauen montgomery and venus. thankfully, gabriella hall has just a small part.

i think this film has much to recommend it, particularly an especially sinister performance by david morse and a more than passable performance by the always worth watching mr. foxx. although there are a lot of holes in the plot and the motivation is very, very hard to follow in some cases, all in all, it makes for a nice time in front of the tube.

i happened across "bait" on cable one night just as it started and thought, "eh, why not?" i'm glad i gave it a chance. "bait" ain't perfect. it suffers from unnecessarily flashy direction and occasional dumbness. but overall, this movie worked. all the elements aligned just right, and they pulled off what otherwise could have been a pretty ugly film. most of that, i think, is due to jamie foxx. i don't know who tagged foxx for the lead, but whoever it was did this movie a big favor. believable and amazingly likeable, foxx glides through the movie, smooth as butter and funnier than hell. you can tell he's working on instinct, and instinct doesn't fail him.the plot, while unimportant, actually ties together pretty well, and there's even a character arc through which foxx's character grows as a person. again, they could've slipped by without any of this, but it just makes things that much better.i'm surprised at the low rating for this. maybe i just caught this move on the right night, or vice versa, but i'd give it a 7/10. bravo, mssr. foxx.

this film resembles in many ways `enemy of the state' with will smith and gene hackman, as we have an innocent (black) man being pursued by the `government' with all the modern technology known to man. usually when storyline is copied like this the result is a disaster. that does not apply here. of course i love everything david morse does, so maybe my comments are not fair, but there were more good things about this film then that. the main baddy, played by doug hutchison, was brilliant, and the story flowed with excellent extras such as david paymer and robert pastorelli. our hero, alvin sanders (played by jamie foxx), was however irritating most of the part. he is so out of place, cracking bad jokes, evoking no sympathy from the audience. or not to begin with, the strange thing is that he kinda grows on you (and on his followers as well!). i didn't expect much when i rented it, but was surprised with a good solid action movie with comedy bits. 7/10

if you like jamie foxx,(alvin sanders),"date from hell",'01, you will love his acting as a guy who never gets an even break in life and winds up messing around with shrimp, (jumbo size) and at the same time lots of gold bars. alvin sanders has plenty of fbi eyes watching him and winds up getting hit by a brick in the jaw, and david morse,(edgar clenteen), "hack" '02 tv series, decides to zero in on poor alvin and use him as a so called fish hook to attract the criminals. there is lots of laughs, drama, cold blood killings and excellent film locations and plenty of expensive cars being sent to the junk yard. jamie foxx and david morse were outstanding actors in this film and it was great entertainment through out the entire picture.

the movie is great and i like the story. i prefer this movie than other movie such the cell ( sick movie ) and highlander ( silly movie ). i just tell the truth, i like a reality hehe and also a true story :)

i liked this movie. when the guy who was in on a bank heist of $40 million in gold dies, his cell mate is used as "bait" to lead them to the high-tech crazy killer partner (by having a monitoring device implanted in his jaw without his knowledge). it's an action, spy type film with enough comical scenes to keep it light. it reminded me of enemy of the state. well acted and good enough plot.

both my friend and i thought this movie was well done. we expected a light hearted comedy but got a full blown action movie with comic thrusts. we both thought that this movie may have not done so well at the box office as the previews lead us to believe it was a comedy. i was impressed with the supporting actors and of course dave morse always puts in a terrific acting job. most of the supporting cast are veterans not first timers and they were solid. we both felt that the writing and direction were first rate and made comments to each other about buying this movie. if you don't buy rent it for a good time.

i really liked this movie. of course the idea is pretty much out there...the federal government arranging to have a tracking device implanted into the jaw of an small-time thief to lure a more dangerous thief/computer hacker out of hiding. but alvin sanders, the man who the feds have "volunteered" to be implanted with the device, is a very likable person and it turns out to be a lot of fun getting in his head with him for a little while. alvin even eventually proves himself to be much more than a good-humored but passive or one-dimensional character when he shows that he is not nearly as easily manipulated as he may seem. definetly worth a watch.

i really am shocked to see the number of reviews that lambaste this movie. this movie was not intended to be a "deep thought" movie, which is what the vast majority of the reviewers seem to think it should be. in fact, it would appear that if any movie doesn't produce a life altering insight, and a deep, twisted, mind boggling plot, they would rate it a 1 or 2. don't trash a movie because you don't like the genre, people.this movie was an action/comedy flick, and that's all it was intended to be. and for an action/comedy, it was very well done. i was actually rather surprised that i enjoyed it as much as i did, having never really been a jamie foxx fan, and having the over-used plot that it has.the plot was nothing spectacular, using the typical criminal gets out of prison, and is thrown into bad-guy plot while trying to clean up his act (see blue streak, hudson hawk, 48 hours, etc. etc. etc.) but it was warmed over with a bit of a technological twist. now the "bad guys" are actually the "good guys" and the real "bad guy" is an uber-geek.jamie foxx actually plays a convincingly humorous, while at the same time rather intelligent and serious main character, and didn't try to overdo the humor side of the film.if you're looking for a deep underlying plot such as in "the matrix" or a drama such as "of mice and men" then this movie isn't for you. but if you enjoy the raw action, excellent fast-paced filming, and an occasional twist of humor tossed in, this movie won't disappoint you. i would normally have rated it about an 8 (on the same level as the die hard trilogy), but instead gave it a 10 to try and bring the score up to what it should be.

i had no expectations; i'd never heard of jamie foxx; all i knew was that the film has some strong character actors in it. i thought it was highly entertaining; it was fun. the plot was different and unpredictable enough to hold my interest. to me, foxx is an original. david morse is terrific (true, this is not his finest role). i thought the chases and pyrotechnics contributed to the film and were well done. i didn't expect a lot and i was happily surprised.

i read several mixed reviews and several of them downright trashed the movie. i originally became interested in this project because it was being directed by tony scott and i have become very interested in his work after man on fire had such a profound impact on me. before i start my review, let me first say this...it's wonderful to see that this movie could have been told in a boring and ordinary manner, yet the writers and scott chose a different approach.plot:simply stated, it's not boring. most hollywood movies give 'tried and true' plots that they know will connect with people, often ensuring the audiences acceptance of the film and creating a higher probability of profit. this plot was one of the more interesting ones i had seen in a while. just for reference, i recently watched 'the weather man' and 'lord of war' and while i will say that these movies are excellent, and i enjoyed them both tremendously, both the plots in these movies are boring and they are told exactly how you would expect them to be told. they don't take any chances whatsoever, and they are extremely predictable after you've watched a fair amount of american films. domino's plot is both interesting and told in a manner that keeps you thinking, "oh man, they're screwed now". and i feel that has been lacking in a lot of recent films. it has a lot of depth to it, in my opinion, and gives you plenty of things to question while watching it. overall, this is what kept me so interested in the movie.characters:i felt that the characters were accurate. knightley did a wonderful job of portraying a beautiful woman, who was anything but on the inside and wanted to be viewed as what she was. it was obvious that she wanted to prove herself and she took whatever means she had to accomplish that.choco was also very believable, his use of spanish in inappropriate situations, his reactions to domino's lack of affection, as well as his jealousy issues within the team...they all rang true to me, which made me feel that his character was that much more realistic.rourke's character was the least interesting to me, but it still rang true to me. he seemed like an ordinary guy, trying to make ends meet. i hope that's what the filmmakers were trying to accomplish with him because that's what i got out of it. he did a very good job of showing ed in an average joe kind of way that has made his mistakes, yet is still trying to live.claremont/ladies: i believe that they provided much needed 'heart' to the story. they weren't just people who are out getting money to buy a bentley, these were real people who had a real problem and they sought others mean to accomplish that goal. you could empathize with them because, to them, this child's illness was a problem with no other solution. these characters were supposed to show real people who are less fortunate who got into this mess because they needed help.the mobsters: they made the story seem sinister in a way that only the mob can. and i really liked that part. they also padded the story with small intricacies that made the plot that much more interesting.christopher walken/90210 guys:they provided the comic relief in an otherwise very serious movie. from walken's awkward statements to the ceaseless references to the 90210 guys being has-beens. their involvement in the movie only made it that much more enjoyable.cinematography....yes....the cinematography. this is where this movie seems to have lost a lot of potential fans. but in my opinion i thought it was genius, the use of the camera to translate the mood of the current situation was extremely effective in my opinion. i considered it a method that was properly realized but could always use improvement, just like anything else. i both applaud and congratulate scott, the editor, the cinematographer and the director of photography on taking some real chances with this movie. not only did they go far and above with its presentation, they went that much further. the use of colors, both extremely light and extremely dark provided the 'look' of the film with a sinister and grungy look that accurately depicts the life of the mob, bounty hunters and the less fortunate in a manner that show that their life isn't as peachy or 'clean' as everyone else. if you notice, in times of less stress or conflict, there were very few camera tricks if any at all. this shows that scott and his crew were trying to achieve something with this look and weren't just doing it for the heck of it. i realize that most people who watched this movie weren't expecting it and it cause many of them to be turned off to this film but i think it was great that scott took this approach. hollywood films have grown predictable and bland. most of them are shot in the same manner with the same twists and turns. and i'm glad that scott tried to make something different.granted, this movie isn't for everyone, but to say it's trash and has nothing to offer is completely missing the point. i thoroughly enjoyed this film and i'm glad that i spent the money for it. i would recommend this to all, but i'm sure it will only hit a chord with few. i must agree with an earlier poster when he said that many of those who refuse to see outside the 'sphere of mtv' won't appreciate this movie, but i think many people will. we should all try to enjoy it for the fact that scott and co. took some chances and tried to deliver something that was different and unique. and with that in mind, i think he succeeded tremendously.

ah, domino is actually a breath of fresh air, something new to the cinema world. i enjoyed the movie a lot because of the intricate plot, the varied characters, and the intense camera effects. i've seen some complain about the camera work and, in fact, according to the creators themselves, the flashy and wild shots were all the culmination of mistakes made through time. all of what you see was the desired effect. perhaps some complain because something quite like this has never been done before, although that's what sets it apart. in a deeper aspect, what you are seeing is just how domino sees things through her eyes, think about it.when it comes to the story, i don't see anything quite bad about it. despite it's "messy" nature, according to some, it is in fact just a rapid form of storytelling. the plot really isn't all that hard to follow, if you actually focus on what's going on. maybe it's just me because i see movies from many different aspects such as the acting, the plot, etc. i'm no "interpreter" or anything who picks movies apart, it just comes to me. with that said, i believe this is quite an excellent movie indeed, despite it's future as a cult-classic, blockbuster, or whatever.and the characters, well there's no doubting how varied the cast is. i believe the cast is excellent as they all do fine jobs portraying their characters effectively, that's what makes a movie ladies and gentlemen. the characters are all very unique and a plus is that you get to witness a small piece of each one of their lives, setting them apart even further. basically, i personally loved the cast and characters.all those who bash and burn this film perhaps just don't see it as i do, or it just doesn't appeal to them. no matter, this is a great film in it's own right, no, it's a great film period.

when i rented domino i was expected it to be very dumb. i hate films that have really flashy editing and cinematography and domino also just got very bad reviews. the only reason i watched it is because i like have liked keira knightley, mickey rourke, christopher walken, and tony scott on other occasions. i also just enjoy based on fact adventure stories. yes the editing and cinematography were frantic, the story was weak, and the acting was mediocre, but i still loved this film for some bizarre reason. domino was very, very entertaining and often very funny. it was horribly underrated when it was released i think because everyone wanted more of an emotional journey like scotts last film man on fire and instead just got wonderful entertainment. i actually understand why everybody hated domino so much, even though i loved it and recommend it.

kiera nightly moved straight from the p&p set to this action movie... she could hardly have chosen to remake her image more dramatically. a great success in love actually and as lizie in jane austen's classic, she is, once again, "having a go". just as her bikini clad warrier woman in king arthur was more skin than muscle, it is difficult to imagine this delicate frame standing up to a bounty hunters life... but then this is exactly what domino harvey (the real one) did, and i (being one of nightly's biggest fans) believe she carries if off.stuff....* 90210 (for the non american world) is the post code of beverly hills in la, where all the film stars live. * domino harvey father's mostfamous film was manchurian candidate (which appears in the film). * domino harvey died of a drug overdose in her bath before the film came out in june 2005, after having been arrested for drug dealing. she had just completed the negotiation for some of her music to be inlcuded in the film. * kiera knightly alludes to domino harvey's sexuality in her interview with lucy liu.if you find this film a bit far fetched, then check out domino harvey, as the facts are more amazing than the fiction.

domino is a great movie. it's about a young woman names domino harvey (kiera knightley) who becomes a bounty-hunter because of her boredom with her lifestyle. she joins with two fellow hunters (mickey rourke & edgar ramirez) and the adventures begin. the script is good. very down-to-earth and realistic with the tone of the film. the only problem i had with this movie is that it concentrates on the different things that they do, instead of the character of domino.even with that, kiera knightley gives a fierce performance. she shows the right amount of anger and dedication in this performance. mickey rourke follows up his oscar-worthy performance in 'sin city' with another tough-guy performance. edgar ramirez really doesn't do anything except speak spanish every once in a while and stare at kiera. delroy lindoi gives a good supporting performance. mo'nique was herself, although she did surprise me on one particular scene. lucy liu has great chemistry with kiera knightley in her scenes with her.the best thing about the movie though, is the direction. tony scott's fast-paced style really brings the movie to life. the cinematography is some of the best, i've ever seen. it takes a regular movie and puts on acid. all the blacks are blacker, the whites are brighter, and it has a sort of green glow to it. the action scenes are exhilarating.overall: if you liked sin city & man on fire, you'll like domino.

as soon as i knew keira knighteley being in this flick, i said "i have to watch this movie". she's the undisputed main character, domino, a bounty hunter. her "job", as the "no action" scenes would teach us, reflects her rebel, violent attitude to life. i have to admit that it's the very first time that i watch an action movie whose most important scenes are the one in which the guns are far away from characters' hands. so, this stomped me a bit. anyway, for all the john woo's fans, there are helicopters falling down, explosions, gunfire as if it would rain, and a lovely keira that shoots with two machine guns, one per hand. the cast is absolutely brilliant. going beyond keira, which in this movie is a real tomboy, pretty much different from the lovely action figure we're used to see, mickey rourke is back, with his usual slap-throwing face and his potent body. christopher walken makes his job pretty well, as a reality show producer.let's go to the contents: this movie has a journalistic shape. the talk show scene is "disgustingly" real. anyone that watched that load of . . . you-know-what, can tell that this is the air that you breath in those situations. as well as the producer, when domino's mom says that the reality that should show domino's life is "trash; no offense", he answers "i don't take it like an offense". this movie portrays a difficult life. domino, coming from a world that didn't want her, ed (mickey rourke), a bounty hunter "not so bounty", choco (the third guy of the band), which family is (using ed's words), "the correctional institutes he's been", and alf, the driver/bomber coming from afghanistan during the russian occupation. this bunch of people represents in some way the humankind born "without the shirt"; unlucky, violent, and with nothing to lose, excepts their (as they would consider) miserable lives. the intro of the movie says that it is "inspired by true story . . . more or less", so i couldn't possibly tell you how much of this stuff is true. anyway, going beyond explosions and dozens of weapons (which could have been "added" to make the film easier to see, and be classified as an action movie), the characters' story is too realistic to be "edulcorated". the interaction between the characters is various, well studied, and definitely not boring. what hasn't convinced me so much is the role of the psychiatrist (lucy liu, sober as never in her acting career). it represents only the reason by which domino starts telling her story (and that's a story). probably, the only "con", in a movie with a lot of "pros". all in all: this isn't "swat". the characters are crafted; they have an identity, a shape. they have a name and a surname (not just "gamble" and "street"). it's the case to say, it's the biography of a girl whose life went as fast as a bullet.

i doubt much of this film is based on a true story. at the beginning it says based on a true story, sort of. i bet the only truth to it was there was an ex-model turned bounty hunter possibly named domino.anyways, it begins with domino talking to lucy liu, who works for the fbi. domino is being interrogated about what she knows about a theft of 10 million dollars. through flashbacks, we see domino as a child, then as a model, and how she became interested in being a bounty hunter. she basically tells 2 other bounty hunters off, ed and choco. they let her join the group. she's tough, can use any kind of weapon, and will use her good looks if needed.they get involved with a scam that clarmont, a bailsman, has going. along the way, the group starts a reality tv show, and that's where ian zering and brian austin green become involved. they are sort of like hosts and must have been really desperate to appear in this.i thought the story was entertaining and it had some laughs. the editing didn't bother me. there's also a lot of violence, mainly using guns, and blood. it could have been a little shorter.final verdict: good enough to watch.

actually this movie was not so bad. it contains action, comedy and excitement. there are good actors in this film, for instance doug hutchison (percy from "the green mile"), who plays bristol. another well known actor is jamie kennedy, from "scream" and "three kings". the main characters are played by jamie foxx as alvin, who was pretty good and also funny, but the one who most surprised me, was david morse as edgar clenteen. he plays a different character than he usually does, because in other films like "the green mile", "indian runner", "the negotiator" or "the langoliers" he plays a very sympathetic person, and in "bait" the plays almost the opposite, a man without any emotions, which was nice to see. the only really negative thing about this film, are the several pictures of the world trade center, which makes this film perhaps look a little dated. overall i thought this was a pretty good little film!

i'm totally surprised by some of the comments on this forum, and many of the reviews. i think tony scott made a good movie here. yes, it is highly stylized, flashy and over the top, but it is very entertaining. i'm glad at least ebert and roeper agrees with me :) this movie may not be for anyone, but if you like over-the-top, dark humor, cool action and dialog, you should see it. i've previously seen scott's man on fire, crimson tide and enemy of the state - all good movies, but i like this one more. it's like a roller-coaster ride, with great soundtrack selections, visual styles and in a time when all movies seem to be pg13, it is nice to see that someone isn't afraid of showing nudity, gory violence, and have explicit dialog.it doesn't hurt that keira is super-hot, and even shows nipples in this one, either...

i rented domino on a whim, not even knowing it was inspired by a true story, and even though it's the least likely and true biopic you'll probably see. i found it to be rather awesome.with richard kelly writing he crams together a mass of plots and narratives into 2 hours of pure entertainment. and once you've seen it more than once you get it and appreciate it. domino is a model turned bounty hunter who leaves the perfect hollywood life to pursue a not so subtle or perfect career. it has an edgy acid trip style provided by director tony scott. and with fast paced music and editing, it provides the visual flare to keep your attention, with slick performances and unexpected comedy, the movie is well made and enjoyable and should have reached a wider audience. i suggest it to anyone who wants to think and be entertained at the same time for 2 hours.

if you go to this movie expecting something it isn't, you will be disappointed, as with any movie. this movie contains what hemmingway described as the "iceberg effect". on the surface, its simply a cache of random movie clips smashed together to make a movie. if this would be written in a book, it would be a short story, because the action in the movie is very fast paced, and unless you actually try to catch it, the reasoning behind the plot (along with some subtle foreshadowing) can very well pass you by. definitely a movie you will have to see twice in order to fully appreciate. experimental cinematography barely describes this movie. the camera-work and post production add much to the overall flavour of the film, making it quite artistic at some points and open to interpretation at others (something to be desired in american movies as of late). although, at some parts it may get a little raunchy, gruesome and too heavy for some audiences, the movie never becomes completely unrealistic. the only aspect of the movie that i would write off as "needs improvement" is the soundtrack selection. no movie is ever good without a fitting soundtrack, and although the soundtrack is quite fitting, the opening is a little too long, and the other rap songs in the film really could have been replaced with something more appropriate (heavy, grungy rock or psychedelic electronica would have made this film a real trip). the flooding of imagery and dynamic... color palettes adds another "artistic" aspect to it, also combined with the events that happen throughout the film, this is not a movie you can miss any part of and still understand. however, that also makes it much more of a desirable film to watch, and not one you'll quickly get bored of. 8.5/10

if you find yourself in need of an escape, something that will hold your attention for two hours and allow you to be lost in another world, domino will satisfy that need. this is entertainment, after all! the plot keeps your brain in motion - one of those movies (like usual suspects) where you want to see it a second time to figure it all out. i wondered about domino harvey herself, how her life became of interest to hollywood. as for the acting, lots of celebrity appearances not shown in the trailers. and any actor that makes me forget who they are has done their job well. not once did i think of kiera in a soccer uniform or pirate costume. and granted, mickey rourke plays mickey rourke well and often, but here, despite the violence, he shows signs of being capable of caring for other people.

" domino " has been widely condemned on this site for its frenetic editing style and " sickening " photography. it's detractors cite its superficiality and criticize its deployment of " style over substance" i couldn't disagree more. i believe that " domino " represents the absolute height of tony scott's film-making career. after having created the dominant hollywood action movie style throughout the late eighties and early nineties tony scott has moved progressively closer to a more subjective style of cinema. as early as "crimson tide" scott used his stylistic talent to portray the inner worlds of his characters- the claustrophobia and drama inherent in the conflict on board a nuclear submarine was embodied in the excellent use of long lenses combined with dutched-angle framing. this was then carried through to " enemy of the state" and "spy game" which visually represented the worlds of surveillance and espionage respectively. " man on fire" was an extreme departure , a move into an expressionist more painterly aesthetic. here scott used an antiquated hand cranked camera and flash frames to express his character's explosive rage . although not entirely successful it introduced the techniques which were to find their full expression in " domino"couched in the framing device of an fbi interrogation " domino" presents the life of the infamous bounty hunter via her narrated disjointed fragments of memory. she grasps at memories as we all do- in fragments, flashes and brief snatches. as domino relays her story verbally scott relays it visually illustrating not only the events which she describes but also the point of view which guides them. she does have " traces of mescaline" in her system but her individual vision is anyway unusual -that of an woman who eschewed the life of luxury for bounty hunting. it is when domino begins to relate the events which lead to her captivity that scott really lets rip. together with cinematographer dan mindel and composer harry-gregson williams scott orchestrates a postmodern canvas of contemporary americana. gradually we begin to realize that unusual though she may be domino is no more disjointed than the "90210" culture she has rejected. as she wades through this cultural melange scott makes his viewer more aware of the innocence which it destroys through the underprivileged children which the narrative introduces. ultimately scott portrays their salvation as the only escape we have from this surreal trip. to criticize this movie for being overly stylized is akin to criticizing a picasso or a pollock for not representing that which is recognizably human. like any great painting the meaning in " domino" is in the surface and the surface is everything. i am not in any way associated with scott free but have always been and will continue to be a huge admirer of tony scott's work

my name is domino harvery. {edit *dizzying* chop} my--my--my name is domino harvey. {cut, chop} my name is domino harvey. {edit. cut. playback}never have i seen a director take so much flack for his style before. by now it is evident that most people do not appreciate tony scott's choppy, flashy, dizzying editing technique. if i have to choose between loving it and hating it, i'd say i love it. it was borderline distracting at times, but the end result was pretty good and it's nice to see a director with a creative edge to his style and some originality (even if it borrows heavily from mtv videos).this stylistic edge manifests itself as keira knightley plays the role of cocky badass bounty hunter domino harvey and even her dialogue seems strangely choppy. otherwise she plays her poorly because i pretty much hated her character and did not sympathize one bit with her, no matter how much she suffered. we follow domino through her life as she joins up with fellow bounty hunters mickey rourke, rizwan abbasi and edgar ramirez. the crew become tangled up in the fbi and suddenly has a reality show contract under christopher walken's tv production company (what is christopher walken doing in every film, by the way?). i guess that is a clever film technique, because now tony scott is free to use as much flashy mtv/reality show editing footage as he likes. it becomes a pastiche of mtv culture at this point.it followes then that the story is told at an amazingly rapid-fire pace, with lots of raunchy strong language and gun violence. there are some funny jokes; it's all very modern and surreal at the same time. it's a mess, but it's a rather enjoyable mess. it is ultimately flawed in so many ways (the actors try too hard to make their characters "cool", for one) but it works. i give it a weak 7/10 which may seem generous when compared to the general consensus of movie-goers who graded this film — but i feel it had some good ideas and executed them well.7 out of 10

i watched this movie once and might watch it again, but although jamie foxx is good in the movie, i feel they could have used a 'less funny' character as alvin sanders. foxx's scenes for instance in the jail when he is confronted by edgar clenteen (david morse) are too funny. david morse again is a wonderful portrayer of a cop. his tough yet mostly quiet features are perfect for his role. once again morse meets doug hutchinson (bristol) in the theater. morse ends up coming down hard on hutchinson. they are both perfect for this scenario in each film. i personally love that quality in a film, where actors end up in the same situation as a previous film, as these two did in the green mile. overall it was a pretty good movie.

this movie surprised me. some things were "clicheish" and some technological elements reminded me of the movie "enemy of the state" starring will smith. but for the most part very entertaining- good mix with jamie foxx and comedian mike epps and the 2 wannabe thugs julio and ramundo (providing some comic relief). this is a movie you can watch over again-say... some wednesday night when nothing else is on. i gave it a 9 for entertainment value.

this movie surprised me. some things were "clicheish" and some technological elements reminded me of the movie "enemy of the state" starring will smith. but for the most part very entertaining- good mix with jamie foxx and comedian mike epps and the 2 wannabe thugs julio and ramundo (providing some comic relief). this is a movie you can watch over again-say... some wednesday night when nothing else is on. i gave it a 9 for entertainment value.

i have to agree with most of the other posts. was it a comedy? a drama? to me it leaned a little to much towards the comedy side. i could have been a great movie without the comedy and it was horribly contrived. jamie keeps running into the julio and whats his name. in new york, how many times do you run into someone you know in downtown cleveland.and just how could robert pastorelli dig up yankee stadium to hide the gold. again, a comedy or drama? but it was still entertaining especially for a sunday morning. i enjoyed kimberly elise's performance, she certainly a beautiful actress and seems to take her craft seriously. she is a younger actress that is going to be viable.

this is a really interesting movie. it is an action movie with comedy mixed in. foxx teams up with comedian epps in this movie to give it a comedic spin. it will keep you wondering whats going to happen to foxx next. it was a well shot movie, the director used the right colors in this movie(dark blue colors) to give it the right kind of feel. kimberly elise also starred in this movie and it is always a pleasure to see her on the big screen. she plays her role well. even jamie kennedy is in this movie. it's worth seeing it you haven't seen it. it's definitely worth having if you are a jamie foxx fan. it deserves more credit than it is actually given.

i am amazed at how this movie(and most others has a average 5 stars and lower when there are crappy movies averaging 7 to 10 stars on imdb. the fanboy mentality strikes again. when this movie came out just about everyone slammed it. even my ex-girlfriend said this movie questionable. years later i sat down to watch this movie and i found myself enjoying. even laughing quite a bit. this and the replacement killers are the movies that had people labeling the director antoine fuqua as the black michael bay. i don't see how since most of fuqua's movies are smarter than anything michael bay has came up with. at any rate...story: alvin sanders(jamie foxx) is former convict that is used by a no-nonsense treasury agent edgar(david morse) as a pawn to catch a killer named bristol(doug hutchinson). alvin's every moves are tracked by a bug implanted in his jaw after an accident. while these agents are after bristol, bristol is after the gold bricks that were taken in a heist gone awry.jamie foxx is funny as well as great as alvin sanders. alvin is a fast-talker that is a lot smarter than he lets on. doug hutchinson is okay as bristol. he can be over-the-top sometimes in his john malkovitchesque demeanor. he was better here than he was as looney bin jim in punisher: war zone. david morse is good as the hard edged treasury agent. even mike epps is funny as alvin's brother stevie. both him and jamie had some funny moments on screen.the only flaw of the movie is the some of the attempts at a thriller fall flat. the scenario at the horse race track is way over-the-top but i couldn't look away. the director went all out there so he gets points for that. plus the bomb scene with the treasury agent tied to a chair while the detonator rests on the door was pretty nifty.all in all bait is not a bad movie by a long shot. its never boring, its always funny and i wasn't checking my watch every minute. that should count for something. bait is one of the most underrated movies of 2000 period.ps: to the reviewer that claimed this movie is too violent.... how long have you been living under a rock? i'm pretty sure you've seen the die hard series and every movie by quentin tarantino. but those movies aren't violent right? weirdo.

