i saw this movie when i was a child. it blew me away. this was before the days of television, so a movie of this magnitude, could send a young kid into orbit. it so impressed me, that i went to see this movie for twelve consecutive days. the special effects used at this time were far ahead of its' time. sabu was a real delight, as was rex ingram as the genie. i found myself singing "i want to be a sailor" for months after the film left town. i would recommend this movie to any and everyone. i forgot to mention conrad veidt, who was as villainous a character as you'd ever want to meet. also, june duprez was never lovelier than she was in this picture. the color was outstanding. give this movie an aaa!

next to "star wars" and "the wizard of oz," this remains one of the greatest fantasy films ever made. it's a true shame it's not as well-known as the former films (maybe because it sticks to a story based on legends rather than contemporary or sci-fi settings, and that it's british, meaning a smaller market for films) but its wonderful to know that it's deserved that reputation.like all great family films, one can be a child, an adult, or even a teenager to enjoy this film (i'm currently 18), but one must appreciate classic films first. i absolutely adore this film. it has an extraordinary music score by miklos rozsa (perhaps my favorite classic film score) that rivals any john williams "star wars" score, a fast but not flashy pace, beautiful sets, dialog, and use of color (both the sets and cinematography won oscars), and state-of-the-art oscar-winning special effects (for the time, and some are still stunning). and, of course, june duprez's sultry looks as the princess rivals that of catherine zeta-jones' (she even looks like jones in a way!).in conclusion, this is one of my all-time favorite movie (next to "the adventures of robin hood") and it truly deserves more attention. it is a true adventure of enchantment throughout, and, along with "robin hood," it's my desert island film that i could watch over and over again without getting annoyed.stars: **** (excellent)

it is very rare for a film to appeal to viewers of all ages--to children for a fine narrative and a wonderful, colorful production, and, to adults, for a literate script, fine production values, good casting/acting, all bound together with a fine rozsa score. two roughly contemporary films accomplish this--"thief of baghdad" (1940) and "the adventures of robin hood" (1938). some of the back story on this production is fascinating. this production, commenced in england in the summer of 1939, moved to hollywood, and proved a cover for british intelligence efforts! the producer, alexander korda, was subsequently knighted in 1942. here is a unique case of the intersection of art, commerce, and politics! by all means, secure a good cd of this film for your library!

this is a beautiful movie filled with adventure. the genii in the bottle is a classic scene. romantic in it's finish, all things turn out as they should be. i saw this first as a child and have remembered it as a fantasy i wished was true.

let's cut a long story short. i loved every minute of it. a lavish fantasy in true arabian-nights style. there's an evil magician, a pretty princess, a djinn and everybody lives happily ever after. modern hollywoond sure does have one or two things to learn from this classic. only quibble: the special effects are pretty dated (loved sabu with the djinn's foot, though!)

a magical journey concocted by alexander korda and michael powell. these two titans of the british cinema have mixed some fabulous ingredients to produce a movie masterpiece! some of the most ravishing early technicolor, a sublime and shimmering miklos rozsa musical score along with the youthful exuberance of sabu, the theatrical and malevolent villainy of conrad veidt and the exquisite beauty and voice of june duprez as the princess all work wonderfully well. miles malleson who plays duprez father, the sultan of basra, also wrote the perfect screenplay which is appropriately grandiose. don't miss this one! since posting the above comments, i have obtained the recently released dvd and can honestly say i'd never seen the picture properly until viewing this dvd version-the clarity and resolution is so precise and the colors are so vivid that i was stunned-this amazing classic can be watched time an again and never fails to charm and delight the viewer. again, a must see!

a fantastic arabian adventure. a former king, ahmad, and his best friend, the thief abu (played by sabu of black narcissus) search for ahmad's love interest, who has been stolen by the new king, jaffar (conrad veidt). there's hardly a down moment here. it's always inventing new adventures for the heroes. personally, i found ahmad and his princess a little boring (there's no need to ask why john justin, who plays ahmad, is listed fourth in the credits). conrad veidt, always a fun actor, makes a great villain, and sabu is a lot of fun as the prince of thieves, who at one point finds a genie in a bottle. i also really loved miles malleson as the sultan of basra, the father of the princess. he collects amazing toys from around the world. jaffar bribes him for his daughter's hand with a mechanical flying horse. this probably would count as one of the great children's films of all time, but the special effects are horribly dated nowadays. kids will certainly deride the superimposed images when abu and the genie are on screen together. and the scene with the giant spider looks especially awful. although most of the younger generation probably thinks that king kong looks bad at this point in time, willis o'brien's stop-motion animation is a thousand times better than a puppet on a string that doesn't even look remotely like a spider. 8/10.

this was usually producer alexander korda's advice on set to many of his underlings; the film is credited with three directors but in truth alex, zoltan korda and william cameron menzies helped out, pushing it to six.for john kobal's 1987 book, "the top 100 movies", his survey of 81 film critics saw the thief of bagdad reach 55th place. a closer examination reveals only jose luis guarner, john russell taylor and kobal himself actually voted for the picture, but their high placings were enough to take it to near the half-way mark.the outbreak of the second world war saw the movie's production shifted around england and america, eventually seeing completion in 1940 and winning three technical oscars. like citizen kane, it is in some ways perhaps a film you might admire rather than love.the special effects, outstanding for the time, are still reasonable, and actually hold up if you squint. but it's not so much their effectiveness as the audacity of the inventions. among them is an amusing horse, constructed out of a kit model, which, when a key is inserted up it's rear end, begins to fly. there's also a killer toy of the six-armed goddess kali, (perhaps quite obviously a single woman with two women sitting behind her) and a quite horrific-looking giant spider. also impressing is the climax with its wonderful flying carpet. but most memorable has to be rex ingram appearing as, in a superb moment of cinematic conceit, a djinn (genie) nearly a thousand feet tall! ingram portrays the genie as quite a menacing creature, and adds an element of danger to the proceedings. and look out for the moment where he's tricked back into his bottle!john justin does well as the arabic king who, for some strange reason, has an english accent and a stiff upper lip. sabu, the astonishingly muscled 15year-old, is near-namesake abu, a likeably cocky thief. after they cross paths with the evil jaffer (conrad veidt), justin finds himself blind and abu is turned into a dog. when it seems the rest of the film will be told in flashback through the blind ahmed's (justin's) perspective, we find that halfway through the movie we catch up to the present and the adventure continues. in truth, the second half is someway the better, being full of greater incident and more fantastical in nature.three small songs pepper the piece, though as the film lasts for 100 minutes this feels more like mild flavouring rather than a real ingredient; i wouldn't classify this as a musical. it's all great fun; justin and june duprez are the love interest for the mums and dads, veidt is the boo-hiss villain, and abu is the youthful, irrepressible robber. it may take a while to get into the somewhat dated mindset and overblown melodrama of 40s english movies, but once you've sat through the first half an hour or so this film really draws you in. quite commendable.

the making of the thief of bagdad is quite a story unto itself, almost as wondrous as the tale told in this film. alexander korda nearly went broke making this film.according to the citadel film series book about the great british films, adopted son of the united kingdom alexander korda had conceived this film as early as 1933 and spent years of planning and preparation. but world war ii unfortunately caught up with korda and the mounting expenses of filming a grand spectacle.budget costs happen in us films too, only cecil b. demille always had a free hand at paramount after 1932 when he returned there. but demille nor any of his american contemporaries had to worry about enemy bombs while shooting the film. part of the way through the shoot, korda transported the whole company to america and shot those sequences with rex ingram as the genie in our grand canyon. he certainly wasn't going to get scenery like that in the uk. korda also finished the interiors in hollywood, all in time for a release on christmas day 1940.the spectacle of the thing earned the thief of bagdad four academy award nominations and three oscars for best color cinematography, best art&set direction for a color film, and best special effects. only miklos rosza's original musical score did not take home a prize in a nominated category. korda must have been real happy about deciding to shoot in the grand canyon because it's impossible to get bad color pictures from that place.the special effects however do not overwhelm the simple story of good triumphing over evil. the good is the two young lovers john justin and june duprez and the evil is conrad veidt as the sorcerer who tries to steal both a kingdom and a heart, both belonging to duprez. this was veidt's career role until casablanca where he played the luftwaffe major stroesser. of course good gets a little help from an unlikely source. beggar boy and thief sabu who may very well have been one of the few who could call himself at the time an international movie star. literally rising from poverty working as an elephant stable boy for the maharajah of mysore he was spotted by alexander korda who needed a native lead for one of his jungle features. sabu captures all the innocence and mischievousness of youth as he fulfills the arabian nights fantasy of the boy who topples a tyrant. not a bad message to be sending out in 1940 at that.the thief of bagdad holds up remarkably well today. it's an eternal tale of love, romance, and adventure in any order you want to put it.

although time has revealed how some of the effects were done this story of love and adventure still is special.if you've never seen this film before you'll be shocked at how much has been stolen by later film makers. i was watching this with a friend who was amazed at how much disney's aladdin cribbed from the film. they loved the movie and enjoyed that it was such a touchstone for so many other films and film makers.i've given the film an 8 out of 10 instead of a 10 out of ten, which is where a good portion of this film dwells, because in the final 15 minutes the film falls apart in the pacing. everything is rushed as if they has to suddenly get to the end. from the point from the departure of the djinn to the end it appears to be more sketch then finished painting. it doesn't kill the film, but it does weaken it.still its required viewing for anyone who loves a good fairy tale, or even a great movie.

this was a favorite of my childhood - i can remember seeing it on television and thrilling to it each time. now that i'm grown up and have a kid of my own, i wanted to introduce him to this classic movie. we watched it last friday, and he liked it. during abu's fight with the giant spider, my son's hand crept over and took hold of mine - he was genuinely scared. "is he gonna beat the spider, poppa?" just watch, you'll see. he has no historical frame of reference to speak of (eight years old), so bagdad under the grandson of haroun al-raschid might as well be oz under ozma.i think he especially liked how much of the heroics and derring-do were perpetrated by the boy-thief, and not the grown-up king. in fact, if you deconstruct the film's narrative a bit, the king is the thief's sidekick, not the hero at all - which must be very satisfying to imaginative, adventurous young boys. it's definitely a period piece - i suspect that by the time he's eleven or twelve, my son will find it 'corny' or whatever word the next generation will be using by then. the love story is barely one-dimensional - as a cynical friend commented, "why does ahmad love the princess? because the narrative demands it." the willingness of abu to put himself in jeopardy (repeatedly) for the clueless, love-struck deposed king is equally improbable. but to quibble about such things while accepting flying mechanical horses, fifty-foot genies and the temple of the all-seeing eye would be fatuous in the extreme. the satisfaction of seeing the prophecy fulfilled at the movie's climax is tremendous, as is the final shot of abu triumphantly flying away on his (stolen) magic carpet, seeking "some fun, and adventure at last!"

probably the finest fantasy film ever made. sumptuous colour, spectacular sets, incredible, spot-on miklos rosza musical score that is perfect for each scene and mood. acting is superb as well in what could have been stiff and pretentious in lesser hands, but here the poetic dialog is deftly, sensitively spoken (the humour is subtle and delightful as well).doubtless spielberg and lucas were enthralled by this one. along with "the four feathers" (1939), one of the two finest motion pictures released by alexander korda and london films---and one of the finest motion pictures ever made.a true, compelling classic!

words can hardly describe it, so i'll be brief. "the thief of bagdad" was my favorite movie as a child, and it has never ceased to astound or enchant me. i loved this film from the first moment i saw it, when i was a boy of six who had started reading "the arabian nights." i remember walking into the tv room in the middle of sabu's battle with the giant spider and being instantly beguiled.rarely has so much beauty, magic, and wonder been captured on film. sabu and john justin are superb as the dashing heros, conrad veidt is throughly delightful as the wicked villain jaffar, and rex ingram is a joy to watch as the sardonic genie. georges perinal's photography is some of the best use of technicolor. one of the three credited directors is michael powell, a filmmaker who has been rightfully heralded by the critics but is often overlooked by audiences for his remarkable films, including "a matter of life and death" (aka "stairway to heaven") and "the red shoes." he is one of the true masters of the camera, right up there with david lean, akira kurosawa, and orson welles.as with all great works of art, the beauty of "the thief of bagdad" lies in the detail. every frame has its own magical charm. the story never lags, and the characters and their actions are always involving. here is a film that will never grow old.

i first saw thief as a child which makes me almost as old as the jinn i guess. as any kid would be, i was delighted with the imagination, inventiveness and energy of the film. several years later, i realized how much of the satire and wit of the script i had missed on that first viewing. i have never passed up an opportunity to watch it throughout the intervening years. in addition to the script, the production transcends the fantasy genre. this is korda, the storyteller at his very best. when you see thief as a child you know that you`ve had a great time. when you see thief as an adult you know that you`ve seen a masterpiece. it`s as timeless as the story it treats. an amazing work.thomas mccarthy

this is an oriental fantasy about ¨thousand and one arabian nights¨ plenty of incredible adventures, fantasy witchery and wizardly. the malignant vizier jaffar (magnificently played by conrad veidt)with powerful magic faculties imprisons the prince ahamad of bagdad(attractive john justin)who loses his throne, then he escapes thanks a little thief named abu(sympathetic sabu). they arrive basora where ahamad and the princess(gorgeous june duprez) fall in love. but prince and thief are haunted by jaffar , ahamd is turned blind and abu is become a dog. the story accumulates several fantastic ingredients such as transformation of the starring, a flying mechanic horse, magic bow, flying carpet and of course the colossal genie(overacting performed by rex ingram) who gives three wishes to sabu , the magic eye, the figure of goddess kali with several hands, among others.this remarkable picture ranks as one of the finest fantastic films of all time. produced by london fim's alexander korda and directed by the definitively credited ludwing berger, michael powell and tim whelan with a stunning screenplay by lajos biro and miles malleson also dialogs writer and actor as sultan fond to mechanic games. the wwii outbreak caused the paralyzing shooting, then the three korda brothers and collaborators traveled usa continuing there the filming in especial on grand cannon colorado.the splendid visual and glimmer technicolor cinematography , setting and fx provoked the achieving three oscars : production design by william cameron menzies and vincent korda ,cinematography by george perinal and special effects by osmond borradaile though today are dated and is urgent a necessary remastering because the colors are worn-out. furthermore one nomination for the evocative and oriental musical score by miklos rozsa. this vivid tale with immense doses of imagination will like to fantasy fans and cinema classic buffs

despite having 6 different directors, this fantasy hangs together remarkably well.it was filmed in england (nowhere near morocco) in studios and on a few beaches. at the outbreak of war, everything was moved to america and some scenes were filmed in the grand canyon.notable for having one of the corniest lyrics in a song - "i want to be a bandit, can't you understand it". it remains a favourite of many people.

this film, was one of my childhood favorites and i must say that, unlike some other films i liked in that period the thief of bagdad has held on to it's quality while i grew up. this is not merely a film to be enjoyed by children, it can be watched and enjoyed by adults as well. the only drawback there is, is that one can not see past the bad' effects (compared to the effects nowadays) like one could when one was a child. i remembered nothing of those effects, of course it had been about ten years since i'd seen this film, when i was about eleven years old. who then watches effects? one only seeks good stories and entertainment and this is exactly what this film provides. in my mind this film is one of the first great adventure films of the 20th century. coming to think of it i feel like the indiana jones films are quite a like this film. there is comedy, romance and adventure all in one, which creates a wonderful mixture that will capture you from the beginning until the end and although the film is old and the music and style of the films is clearly not modern, it succeeds in not being dusty and old. all of that is mainly due to the great story, the good directing and the good acting performances of the actors. in that department sabu (as abu) and conrad veidt (as jaffar) stand out, providing the comedic and the chilling elements of the film for the most part. great film and although an 'oldie', definitely a goldie'. i hope someone has the brain and guts to release this one on dvd someday.8 out of 10

abu, the thief of bagdad, helps king ahmed regain his kingdom from a wicked sorcerer.as europe was going to war and significant sections of the world was going up in flames, sir alexander korda's london films unveiled this lavish escapist fare from the legends of the arabian nights. replete with swords & sorcery, it gave audiences in 1940 a short respite from the headlines. it also is a fine piece of film making, featuring good acting and an intelligent script.conrad veidt gets top billing and he deserves it, playing the evil magician jaffar. his saturnine face with its piercing eyes makes one recall the macabre roles he played with such relish during silent days. here is a villain worth watching. as the boyish thief, sabu is perfectly cast in this, his third film. while not a hero in the typical sense of the word, his character is certainly heroic in deed & action.the rest of the cast do fine work. john justin is both energetic & sensitive as the unenlightened king who must learn about the realities of live the hard way; sabu gets a significant part of the action (when he's not transformed into a dog) but justin is appropriately athletic when needs must. lovely june duprez plays the endangered princess of basra, coveted by two very different men. appearing late in the film, massive rex ingram shakes things up as a genie with an attitude.allan jeayes uses his fine voice to good advantage as the storyteller. miles malleson gets another eccentric role as the childlike sultan of basra, forever dithering on about his mechanical toys (malleson was also responsible for the film's screen play & dialogue). aged morton selten portrays the benevolent king of legend. mary morris, later an exceptional stage actress, plays the dual roles of jaffar's accomplice and the six-armed silver dancer.the film was begun in britain, but wartime difficulties made korda move it to southern california, which probably explains the presence of american ingram in the cast. the art direction, in vibrant technicolor, is most attractive, especially the fairy tale architecture in blues, whites & pinks.*************************born sabu dastagir in 1924, sabu was employed in the maharaja of mysore's stables when he was discovered by korda's company and set before the cameras. his first four films (elephant boy-1937, the drum-1938, the thief of bagdad-1940, jungle book-1942) were his best and he found himself working out of hollywood when they were completed. after distinguished military service in world war ii he resumed his film career, but he became endlessly confined for years playing ethnic roles in undistinguished minor films, black narcissus (1947) being the one great exception. his final movie, walt disney's a tiger walks (1964) was an improvement, but it was too late. sabu had died of a heart attack in late 1963, only 39 years of age.

the story-line of "the thief of bagdad" is complex, owing to its being told in flashbacks and having three separate and equally important strands woven together. the screenplay by lajo biros and the dialogue by miles malleson keep the story moving skillfully at all points.the young king ahmad of bagdad is angry at his vizier jaffar for executing a man for having different ideas. he discovers while in disguise that people blame him for jaffar's deeds and hate him. he is imprisoned by jaffar, where he meets abu the young thief. the two escape and take a boat to the city of basra. there the companions spy when men clear the way so none will see the princess of the city passing by. ahmad falls in love with her and visits her in her garden. he tells her he has come to her from beyond time and wins a kiss. then he is captured. when jaffar comes to win the princess of basra for himself, ahmad attacks the evil vizier who blinds him and turns abu into a dog. jaffar then asks for the princess's hand, and he gives the gift of a mechanical flying horse to the sultan of basra. the blind ahmad then tells his tale in the marketplace, accompanied by abu as his dog. the prince has fallen into a sleep and nothing can wake her. so jaffar sends his servant halima for ahmad and the dog, in hopes the prince can rouse her. he does awaken her. she boards a ship to find a doctor to cure ahmad, but she is captured by jaffar who then throws the dog overboard. she then allows jaffar to take her in his arms, on his promise to restore ahmad's sight and turn abu back into a thief. the princess sees a vision of ahmad; he is in a boat; jaffar sends a storm to beset him and abu is shipwrecked on a deserted island. abu finds a genie or djinn who wants to kill him now that he is free after many centuries spent imprisoned in a bottle. abu tricks him into proving he really came from so small a vessel, then corks him in again. for freeing him, he gets three wishes. his first is for sausages. in the meanwhile, the princess pleads with her father to refuse jaffar; but jaffar shows the sultan a new mechanical toy, one of whose six arms stabs him to death. abu makes a second wish, to find ahmad. the cunning genie flies him to the goddess of the all-seeing eye. abu has to climb a great web to get to the gem that is the eye, battling a giant spider, then scaling the goddess's statue. abu gazes into the 'eye' and sees ahmad in a canyon. he has the genie take him to ahmad. ahmad uses the eye to see the princess. she smells a flower and forgets everything at once. abu wishes they were in bagdad, but the genie laughs and leaves; jaffar tells the princess that she is in love with him, omitting mention of ahmad. ahmad tries to fight his way to the princess, but jaffar smashes the 'eye'. abu finds himself in the "land of legend", where the old men who rule want to make him their king. he steals a bow and a magic carpet and escapes instead, to hurry to save ahmad and the princess. the thief arrives in time to save the young king from the executioner, using his bow from the flying carpet, to the wonder of the throng who had come to watch the execution. jaffar tries to flee on the mechanical flying horse, but another shot from the bow finishes him. ahmad is ruler again and plans to wed his princess; but when he tries to make abu his vizier, the young thief refuses, saying that what he wants is adventure, not hard work and confinement in a palace however grand it may be. this fantastic story was given a sumptuous production by producer alexander korda. the production was designed by vincent korda who was also art director, while georges perinal did the colorful cinematography. the directors credited are ludwig berger and michael powell, with tim whelan, alexander korda, william cameron menzies and zoltan korda participating. the extraordinary and numerous costumes designs were the work of john armstrong, oliver messel and marcel vertes. the production, apart from its gorgeous and expensive-looking visual splendors, i claim is dominated by two other elements, the choral music of miklos rozsa and the performance by conrad veidt as the evil jaffar. rex ingram plays the genie with a curious accent, plus his usual intelligence and power. june duprez is lovely and effective as the princess mary morris is a sad and beautiful halima, and miles malleson a properly bumbling and avaricious sultan. as ahmad, john justin appears to do most of what can be done with the part of a young prince in love and then some; he is memorably good in his winning role. this film has a spaciousness about it that is found, i assert, in other korda works also. its imaginative content stands in contrast to very-strong realistic sets, costumes and set-design elements. this is one of the most memorable idea-level fantasies of all time, worthy to be enjoyed over and over.

i first saw this movie when i was a little kid and fell in love with it at once. the sets are breath taking and some of the script is damn right hilarious: "you sons of a thousand fleas".it is always shown on tv late at night or really early in the morning i woke up at about 3:00 am once and it had just started. tv companys need to show a little more respect and put it on prime time sunday so everyone can get a chance to view this fine work.10/10

-the movie tells the tale of a prince whose life is wonderful, but after an evil wizard tells him to go into town disguised as a beggar the wizard then locks up the prince and soon becomes the shadow ruler of baghdad. the jailed prince meets a thief called abu who helps him escape the jail and head to a town called basra where he meets a princess who he falls madly in love with, but unbeknown to him the evil wizard jafa is also in love with the princess and tries to convince her father to allow him to marry her. jafa soon learns that the prince is trying to win the girls heart so he makes him blind and turns abu into a dog. this leads to the prince and abu going off on an adventure to find a way to defeat jafa, restore peace to baghdad and marry the princess. during their journey they encounter everything from sarcastic genies that takes abu on a flight through the clouds, a giant spider that's really hungry, and a flying horse that probably gives birth to one of the most beautiful sequence these old eyes of mine have ever seen.-this is a pure fantasy movie from start to finish it has flying horses, genies, flying carpets, and wizards that can actually do magic instead of just hit people with their staffs. it doesn't have any cheesy moments and the love story isn't a waste of time. the production designs are just stunning in this movie. from the palaces to the different dangerous traps that the heroes encounter. even though this movie is over 40 years old, the production design is far better than most of the crap that gets tacked on in today's cinema. the music and songs are also well done. anyone who sees it will no doubt hail, "i want to be a sailor sailing on the seas" as one of the great musical moments in movies. i'm usually not a huge fan of singing in movies since i find them about as enjoyable as doing my taxes but i'll be more than happy to make an exception for this movie.-what sells the movie for me is the sheer fact that you get to see things you don't see in everyday life which is also the same reason why i love stuff like "two towers" and "silent hill". way before today's modern fantasy movie came along with their realistic cgi to blow our minds there was this movie which blew your mind without having green screen scattered all over the place. one of my favorite shots in "two towers" is the one where we see the trolls opening the black gates, the main appeal of that shot for me was seeing these great fantasy beings doing what is essentially manual labor, and that's what i love about the genie and other creatures in the movie. they're just there trying to make a living just like everyone else which gives them a real feel even though they're all just fantasy beings.-it's literally impossible to watch this movie and not notice where the makers of "aladdin" got their inspiration. the characters from this movie are pretty much the same characters in that movie from the talkative genie right down to the flying carpet. it's not an entirely bad thing in my eyes since it's nice to know that i'm not the only one on the planet that has a deep passionate love for this amazing movie. i first saw this as a kid in the motherland and thought it was the greatest thing in the world and upon watching it again last week i still think it's amazing. that's a true testament that a great movie can withstand the test of time. sure, the effects look a wee bit outdated and cheesy but it was made way back in the 40's so give it a break. not everything looks outdated though since most of the stuff can still hold its own today when scrutinized under today's standard.-if you ever wanted to see a live action version of "aladdin" then you should get your wish with this but the angry cynical bunch will probably do good in avoiding this since this won't be their cup of tea.

the thief of baghdad is one of my ten all-time favorite movies. it is exciting without gore, it is beautifully filmed and the art direction is flawless. the casting couldn't have been better. rex ingram made me believe in genies. and the epitome of evil is certainly captured by conrad veight as jafar. he set the bar very high...i watch this movie at least twice a year...and never tire of it. this film is an adventure for all ages..no-one too old to enjoy it. the thief of bahgdad jogs my memories to a more innocent time...i was ten years old the first time i saw it and the u.s. was just about to enter wwii. conrad vieght was such a great actor that he was able to continue this underlying "evilness" a few years later in "casablanca." and korda teamed up,i believe, with justin and dupree again in "the four feathers"....great film-making!

an utterly beautiful film, one of a handful of i saw when young that entranced me then and still do, in thief's case the impression actually seems to get better with the passing of time. by the '90's my daughter and i had seen it many times on tv but still went to the pictures when it came to the local art-house cinema  when it had finished we came out starry eyed with heads full of poetry and miklos rozsa's stirring music wishing it could have lasted a couple of hours longer and thinking what a beautiful world it suddenly was again.idealistic prince ahmad wants to slum it amongst his people for a while to check things out, but evil vizier jaffar takes his chance to imprison him and seize the throne. after escaping with a little thief played by sabu, ahmad spots a princess and they fall blindingly in love  along the way they have many adventures (although apparently not enough for sabu!) and love not only conquers but annihilates everything. the special effects must have been mesmerising in 1940, but time has taken its toll and lessened their impact especially since digital cartoonery has taken over even live action  but they still hold up well compared against films like superman from 40 years later. anyway, if i'm requested to suspend disbelief in gargantuan guffawing genies, flying horses and carpets i also suspend disbelief in perfect special effects! favourite bits: the dreamy scene in the sunlit garden when ahmad reveals himself and adelaide hall's suitably romantic song; the stunning colours in the tent in the land of legend  in fact, the stunning colours throughout; sabu and rozsa's triumphant but still wistful finale. conrad veidt played the baddie in two of the most incredible movie romances ever, this and casablanca, and then died. john justin and june duprez were great in the leading roles of lovers, both of them slightly and refreshingly stilted, but the parts didn't call for a huge range of emotions: only pure love mattered.there's a couple of mildly violent images in it, but rest assured this is a glorious feelgood experience with a 100% positive message, it's only a pity that nowadays little kids don't watch this instead of the porn they prefer. one of my top 10 film favourites, i can't recommend this too much  may it be shown to the end of time.

the thief of bagdad is a treasure. first and foremost, it is a good story. though my four children's primary exposure to this tale, the most famous of the stories of the arabian nights, comes from the disney corporation, the thief of bagdad held their interest to the end. the story moves along at a good pace and includes a twist or two that reduced predictability. sabu, who plays the young thief, abu, also measures up to any of today's teen actors in appeal, judging from the number of times i heard my oldest daughter say, "he's c-u-t-e!" in 1940, the film won oscars for cinematography and special effects. today, of course, those effects seem very dated ("look, it's barbie flying through the air," declared my daughter at the sight of the genie flying). yet they fit into the story well. the film is, after all, over 60 years old. the effects fit with the script. furthermore, what ones sees in the thief of bagdad remained pretty much state-of-the-art for the next twenty-five years. one need only compare the opening montage from a 1967 star trek episode to see this. in that, it was quite an achievement.this qualifies as a family film, though there are a few stabbings near the end. the acting is so obvious and the wounds so bloodless as to those scenes nearly as artificial as animation.all in all, a fun film worth watching for either an evening of pure entertainment, or for the historical value of the effects. i recommend it.

i grew up with this as my all-time favorite film. the special effects are incredible for the era, and won awards. i can remember the dialogue as if i'd heard it yesterday. it is simply a great, timeless adventure. the music is by miklos rosza, who is cinema history's best. sabu is the thief. conrad veidt is the grand villain. i have a copy within reach, for the next trip down memory lane. whoa there! rex ingram wants out of his genii bottle!

i first discovered alexander korda's (1940) fantasy, the thief of bagdad in the early 1950's on a re-issue billed as "the wonder show of the century!" both korda technicolor films, the thief of bagdad and jungle book were shown on one never to be forgotten program. the music of miklos rozsa enhanced both films. the technicolor in each was incredibly beautiful! the thief of bagdad has remained on my list as the best fantasy film ever made. as the years passed, it became more difficult to enjoy the film's color in the way it had originally been presented in. true technicolor gave way to a eastman color process in the middle 1950's. both kino and samuel goldwyn reissued the film both theatrically and on video. but the eastman color prints were more pastel in nature and muted the vibrancy of the original technicolor. the laser disc release of this title also has the pastel look to it -- nice, but not as it should be. now comes the m-g-m dvd (3 dec 2002) issue. the thief of bagdad again has the wonderful technicolor look to it on a dvd that is nothing short of stunning!!! it was so exciting to see it like this once again that after viewing the dvd once, i watched it a second time. the only "extras" are a spanish dubbed version, sub-titles in both english & spanish, and a beautifully done original theatrical trailer. thank you m-g-m for this exceptional dvd release. now, one can only hope that korda's four feathers and a restored version of korda's jungle book (to replace to poor public domain prints in circulation) will soon follow on dvd.

three flash-backs introduce the main characters (abu, jaffar, and the princess) who will interact with ahmad; three are the songs, each linked to those same characters. three times does ahmad pronounce the absolute word 'time', in his declaration of love to the princess, answering her three questions at their first of three meetings. so strong is the impression he causes, that the princess will resist the three attempts by jaffar to conquer her - by three successive ploys: deceit, hypnosis, and memory erasing. yet, jaffar owns what he describes as the three inescapable instruments of domination over a woman: the whip, the power, and the sword. three is the number of flying entities: the mechanical-horse, the genie, and the the genie and the magic carpet. the genie offers three wishes to abu at their first of three encounters; three times does the genie laugh loud in the mountain gorges, and three are his considerations about human frailty, before he departs. abu overcomes three obstacles in the temple of dawn (armed guards, giant-spider, and giant-octopus). three are the instruments of justice: the magical eye that shows abu the future, the magical carpet that transports him just in time to save ahmad and the princess, and the bow-and-arrow to execute jaffar. there's magic in the number three, and there is magic in this movie.

like the arabian nights this film plays with storytelling conventions in order to make us feel that there's plot, plot and more plot: it opens with what appears to be the frame device of a blind man telling the story of his life, then plunges into a flashback which takes us right up to the blind man's present, where we discover that about half of the story is yet to come. (it must be admitted that the second half doesn't quite live up to the promise of the first.) like the arabian nights it tries to cram as many middle-eastern folk motiffs as possible into the one work. a freed genie, a beautiful princess, a flying carpet, fantastic mechanical toys, sea voyages, a crowded marketplace, a wicked vizier, jewels ... i don't know why it all works, but it does. everything is just so beautiful. the sets are beautiful. june duprez is beautiful. rozsa's score is especially beautiful. as usual, it sounds hungarian; but somehow he manages to convince us that he's being hungarian in a persian way.

"the thief of bagdad" is impressive in the shape of the evil magician jaffar (conrad veidt). he plots with lies and magic spells to obtain the kingdom from its rightful ruler the young king ahmad, and a gorgeous princess from her father...he falls victim in the end, as all tyrants do (in books and legends) to love and of the common man whom he ignored, here embodied by the little thief (sabu).the armies of good and evil, black and white, are superbly realized in both visual and literary terms...the script is poetic, simply and very beautiful... the costumes of the magician and his men rising and falling like the wings of black birds, attacking suddenly in the night to inflict destruction and create terror...the radiant hero wears white turbans and robes, and his princess is dressed in pinks and pale blues...for spectacular scenes it matched all that had gone before, while through its use of color, it brought to life a world such as had not seemed possible before...with flying carpet and flying white horse, with a giant genie (excellently played by rex ingram), with evil wizards, and with the good acting of sabu and veidt, "the thief of bagdad" captures the quality and true atmosphere of the arabian nights... the 1940 version remains the screen's finest fairy tale!

the story of the boy thief of bagdad (as it was once spelled) has attracted filmmakers from raoul walsh in 1924, who starred douglas fairbanks in the first, silent, rendering of "thief of bagdad," to less imposing, more recent attempts. the best, however, remains 1940's version which for its time was a startling, magical panoply of top quality special effects. those effects still work their charm.no less than six directors are listed for the technicolor movie which starred sabu as the boy thief, abu, john justin as the dreamily in love deposed monarch, ahmad and june duprez as the lovely princess sought by ahmad and pursued by the evil vizier, jaffar, played by a sinister conrad veidt. the giant genie is ably acted by rex ingram.ahmad is treacherously deposed by jaffar and when later arrested by that traitorous serpent, he and the boy, abu, suffer what are clearly incapacitating fates. ahmad is rendered blind and abu becomes a lovable mutt. their adventures through the gaily decorated hollywood backlots are fun but the special effects make this film work.two men were responsible for everything from a magic flying carpet to the gargantuan genie who pops out of a bottle with a tornado-like black swirl: lawrence w. butler and tom howard. (howard, incidentally, did the special effects for the 1961 version of this film. both men had long and distinguished careers in technical wizardry.)duprez is outstandingly lovely while little called on for serious acting. justin's ahmad projects a driven but dreamy romanticism untouched by erotic impulses. sabu is really the central actor in many scenes and he's very good. for a movie meant for kids as well as adults there's a fair amount of violence but of the bloodless kind. still, i don't think anyone under eight ought to see "thief of bagdad."this film makes periodic appearances on tv but today my teenage son and i saw it in a theater with quite a few youngsters present. it was great to see computer-besotted kids in an affluent community respond with cheers and applause to special effects that must seem primitive to them."thief of bagdad" is a pre-war hollywood classic from a time when strong production values often resulted in enduringly attractive and important releases. this is one of the best of its kind.9/10.

this movie is not about entertainment, or not even a movie you want to see to pass the time. this movie is a genuinely a display of true love that can only come from god. one cannot help but be touched deeply by looking at this movie. we have several dimensions of love that contributes to the value of this movie. there is the divine love of god that is beautifully portrayed. god's love transcends the heart and mind and endures and is eternal. there is the love in a marriage. while the main character grapples with his wife's disease, he realizes through god's love that he loves his wife more than he could ever imagine. he knows that he and his wife are one and can never be separated. finally, you have the love of child and parent. the kids in the family come together and realize that nothing else matters except that love conquers fear. dear friends, love is not love unless it comes from god, because god is love and love comes from god. talk to someone and let them know you love them. love does no good unless it is given to another. i pray this movie can inspire and change the lives of everyone who sees it. amen!!

forget the campy 'religious' movies that have monopolized the television/film market... this movie has a real feel to it. while it may be deemed as a movie that has cheap emotional draws, it also has that message of forgiveness, and overall good morals. however, i did not like the lighting in this movie... for a movie dealing with such subject matter, it was too bright. i felt it took away from the overall appeal of the movie, which is almost an unforgivable sin, but the recognizable cast, and their performances counteract this oversight.definitely worth seeing... buy the dvd.

this movie deals with one of the most feared geriatric diseases among the aging today. as one who has encountered a number of families who are facing the potential of alzheimer's or who are in the formative stages, i would suggest that every health care giver recommend this movie to any family facing the trauma of this disease. the movie is designed primarily to speak to the family of the patient and reaches into the very heart of the struggle. casting is excellent and the dramatic portrayal is outstanding with a very commanding plot line.

i wasn't expecting to be so impacted by this film portraying a family just like the one you'd expect to be living next door. they are ordinary flesh-and-blood people, not like the typical hollywood fare. they face an all too common problem--debilitating illness. but the story-line grips the heart with a powerful lesson. casting, script, direction, and acting flow together with a surge that draws the viewer deep into the story. give this film your full attention and its message will truly inspire.

this was a good film with a powerful message of love and redemption. i loved the transformation of the brother and the repercussions of the horrible disease on the family. well-acted and well-directed. if there were any flaws, i'd have to say that the story showed the typical suburban family and their difficulties again. what about all people of all cultural backgrounds? i would love to see a movie where all of these cultures are shown - like in real life. nevertheless, the film soared in terms of its values and its understanding of the how a disease can bring someone closer to his or her maker. loved the film and it brought tears to my eyes

a vow to cherish is a wonderful movie. it's based on a novel of the same title, which was equally good, though different from the film. really made you think about how you'd respond if you were in the shoes of the characters. recommended for anyone who has ever loved a parent, spouse, or family member--in other words, everyone!though the production isn't quite hollywood quality--no big special effects--still, the values and ideals portrayed more than make up for it. and the cast did a wonderful job of capturing the emotional connections between family members, and the devastation that occurs when one of them becomes ill.you don't want to miss this!

i just watched this movie for the second time, and enjoyed it as much as the first time. it is a very emotional and beautiful movie, with good acting and great family values. inspiring and touching!

when i found the movie in the schedule for christmas, its title did not sound familiar to me since i have not read the novel and had not heard anything about the film. yet, having read the content, i decided to spend my christmas evening on watching the movie. the effect surprised me totally: i do not remember when i last saw a film in which every single moment involved me. a vow to cherish is, without any doubt, one of the movies that now constitutes a real surprise i have received from cinema. here are some arguments of mine why i consider this film a highly underrated piece of good cinema. first, the entire content is particularly educational. it has something to offer to the modern audience - pure right faith and some answers for the universal questions. is there a need for christ in our times? does love still matter? what for is there faith? what is the logics of burden and suffering in life? is there really someone by my side i can always trust? the movie provides the answers through the content since all that happens to the characters may as well happen to any of us.second, the movie is exceptionally humane. the main characters experience inner struggles and cope with extremely hard decisions. is it better for kyle david denman) and teri (megan paul) to start their own lives and forget about the family or retain the values they were taught at home? is it better for john (ken howard) to leave ellen (barbara babcock), his sick wife, and start a new happy life with julia (donna bullock), a woman he falls in love with? in fact, ellen no longer recognizes him... yet, he decides to vow his wife eternal fidelity. had john's rebellious brother, phil (d. david morin), better go on his easy life although it does not bring him satisfaction or once start to think seriously of his life. phil's prayer to god in the park is a psychological masterwork of universal aspect of humanity. these words could be as well said by everybody no matter of where, when or how they live.third, the movie is a great portrayal of family, not very popular nowadays: there are problems, yet, there is always something more powerful that gets these people together. this "something" is love and trust. i know that it may seem a bit idealistic. not all families can rely on fidelity and it may not be as simple as that. nevertheless, it is a very educational aspect and a realistic one.fourth, the entire film focuses on people's mutual help. if we want to live happy lives in our society, we must understand one thing: we have to help one another. alexander (ossie davis) is an example of such attitude. at the beginning of the movie, we see him talk to john about praying. later, he helps his brother. alexander is a kinda "angel" that is sent to john and his family. isn't it possible that we may become angels to one another?fifth, the artistic features are also worth attention. performances: barbara babcock gives an authentic performance as ellen and although she has a difficult role, she does a perfect job. consider, for instance, the moment she appears at school and badly wants to teach again. ken howard is also memorable as the faithful husband. picture: the most memorable for me was the scene of john and ellen in the park walking on the fallen leaves (autumn) while the sunshine (love) spreads everywhere. i interpreted as a sort of symbol: even if there is sorrow, this can always be illuminated by light and joy...a vow to cherish is a wonderful movie that realistically showed to me what it means to love, what fidelity is as well it once again proved to me how beautiful it is to live and believe. at the end, i would like to quote the profound words from the movie i found very touching and hope you will also do kyle to his uncle phil: yes, he (john brighton) lives according to the bible. but nobody forces you to do so. yet, according to what rules do you live?

i have to say i totally loved the movie. it had it's funny moments, some heartwarming parts, just all around good. me, personally, really liked the movie because it's something that finally i can relate to my childhood. this movie, in my opinion, is geared more towards the young gay population. it shows how a young gay boy would be treated while growing up. all the taunting, name-calling, and not knowing is something i, like most other young feminine boys, will always remember, and now finally a movie that illustrates how hard it really is to grow up gay. so, i would definitely recommend seeing this movie. probably shouldn't really watch it until a person is old and mature enough to understand it

i get tired of my 4 and 5 year old daughters constantly being subjected to watch nickelodeon, disney and the like. it all seems to be the same old tired cartoons rehashed over and over again. when my daughters couldn't go to the fair this afternoon because one of them was sick, i wanted them to just relax and rest for a while. i flipped the tv on and in searching for something different, i flipped the channels. my finger stopped channel surfing the moment i heard harvey's voice. i adore every single solitary thing this man has done and when i saw that he was doing voice-over work for a little duck ... well, i couldn't change the channel! my daughters were instantly mesmerized by the cartoon and the more we watched the show together, the more i grew to love it along with the message that was being portrayed. it's not necessarily a proponent for "gay rights" but rather for anyone who has ever been ostracized as a child for anything. i had friends who were picked on for one thing or another .... too fat, too skinny, too feminine, being a bully, not being smart enough, only having one parent .... you name it! kids, as a rule, can be very very cruel to one another so i was happy to see an entertaining cartoon that actually conveyed a life message to its audience. my girls already accept others as they are and don't pick on others for being different. my older daughter actually stands up for her friends if they're picked on (one happens to have a single mom and that little girl is picked on quite often -- it warms my heart when kassie stands up for her!).so, those of you who are condemning this show because you feel that it's an advocate for "gay rights" or are being forced to "accept certain views", you clearly and completely missed the point of this poignant little cartoon.and if you need it explained to you .... well, you need more help than any television show could ever offer.

upon the first viewing, i found this tale to be at least less annoying than other cannon movie tales. after many more, i think it's one of the best. some of the songs are pretty bad, especially the love song, but two things stand out that make the movie, even the singing, worthwhile. one is the art direction. like the other cannon movie tales, this is a beautifully decorated period piece; every piece of cloth and jewel (both of which have major parts in this movie's plot) look fresh and new, and contrast with the plain clothes of the peasants. even during the love song i find myself studying the dress and hair of the princess, wonderfully done. the other thing is the comic timing. a lot of the movie is cheesy, but the emperor's vanity (and his making fun of himself in the end), the suspicious guard, the guard chasing nicholas, and the stupid prince, were all quite funny and seem to be ridiculous quite on purpose. and the sequence during the song weave-o makes up for the songs that weren't so good.

i really have to disagree with guy-yardley-rees who (should he have watched the entire film) would have seen some absolutely stunning scottish scenery (some of the best ever shot in skye) and found a film with a difficult start come together into a really poignant whole.this is not a big budget film. rather it is a film that has a strong community feel.i can't say how much 'standard' films bore me - pushing out the same polished stuff again and again. seachd doesn't seem to be about that at all. it really seems to be trying to offer something more real and certainly more gaelic than any recent scottish film.ok, so the acting isn't in the style a blockbuster. that's because the actors are seemingly real people. i actually thought that the key roles of the boy and his grandfather were really convincing - and at times unusually beautiful.seachd really bears a second viewing, since there are many threads that become clearer second time around - that really do feed into the ending.overall, the combination of music and (at times) stunning visuals, plus a community approach to the acting and non-normal structure has turned seachd into quite a distinctive and memorable film. more of these please!

i would highly recommend this movie! and i certainly shall be personally recommending it to my friends and family here and abroad! it was with excited anticipation, that i have just pre-ordered it online, i enjoyed it so much! it is not out until february/march 2008, but it will be well worth the wait! but first go and see it in the cinema if you can. there is nothing quite like the cinema-experience of a cinema-made movie! insist that your local cinema puts it on! i went to see 'seachd, the inaccessible pinacle' tonight, down here in london, and was really impressed. it is a marvel: a truly beautiful film set in the scottish highlands: you will laugh, you will cry, you will be moved in may different ways, you will be intrigued, and as the story within the stories is revealed, you will be amazed at that revelation.this movie is in scottish gaelic with english subtitles, but do not let that detract you if you are not a speaker of the gaelic: i am just starting, and my son does not, nor did many people there tonight, and it did not spoil it for us by any manner of means! superlatives do not suffice! the photography is superb - there is no cgi here, and the movie is all the better for that- here you have true photography! the script is so skilfully and subtly written. the many-layered plot weaves the magic art of the ancient storytellers. the music is at times rousing, at times haunting, but always adding to the atmospheric ambiance. and the acting? ... it is to behold ... and the actors?... they the true weavers of this delightful yet profound film, particularly the two main actors, 'padruig-the-young' and 'padruig-the-elder' (a true bard, if ever there was!), who both carried a very heavy load! and the direction? well watch out richard! and the producer, responsible for raising funding, hiring key personnel, and arranging for distributors? a task well done! i hope that you will make sure that distribution goes out to our communities abroad! and the gaelic community? uill, without you it could not have happened! we were told that this movie was made on a low budget, but you would not know it, and i think it might well be because, for what they might have lacked in money, they more than made up for with the richness of the heart, and the warmth and co-operation of the local scottish gaelic community.a heartfelt thanks to all concerned in the making, and the sponsoring, of 'seachd' - mòran taing! (many thanks!) from the gaels to the world! from the world to the gaels!

this movie is best described or compare to "big fish" (the movie by tim burton). but it's a less glamorous and more in you face tale. and of course here it's not the father, but his grandfather who tells the stories.the movie's narrative also moves back and forth (so the story outline here at imdb, might tell you more than you would like to read, before watching the movie). it's funny and engaging enough, even though you get from one story to another and have some dramatic moments too. it also surprises you here and there, with things you wouldn't expect. a nice little movie then, that deserves your attention, especially if you like movies like that! :o)

an angry boy who has tragically lost his parents is looked after by his grandfather. together they find common ground in the gaelic folk tales which have been passed down orally from generation to generation of islanders. although tragic episodes, such as the highland clearances, feature in the stories, there is a surprising amount of humour and gaiety in them. it's all filmed in skye, so there is a double dose of beauty. the mountain scenery is breathtaking, and it's a rare chance to hear scottish gaelic spoken. i'm english, so i had to read the subtitles, but the sound of spoken gaelic is nonetheless wonderful. the performances are just what you would expect from carefully chosen non-actors - in other words, you are watching the real thing - people who care deeply about gaelic folklore and history. the gaelic community, especially on skye, worked innumerable minor miracles to make this film. anyone who has the slightest interest in gaelic, folk history, folk music, oral culture, scotland, british history, multi-culturalism or social justice should go and see this film.

the scots excel at storytelling. the traditional sort. many years after the event, i can still see in my mind's eye an elderly lady, my friend's mother, retelling the battle of culloden. she makes the characters come alive. her passion is that of an eye-witness. one to the events on the sodden heath a mile or so from where she lives.of course, it happened many years before she was born, but you wouldn't guess from the way she tells it. the same story is told in bars the length and breadth of scotland. as i discussed it with a friend one night in mallaig, a local cut in to give his version. the discussion continued to closing time.stories passed down like this become part of our being. who doesn't remember the stories our parents told us when we were children? they become our invisible world. and, as we grow older, they maybe still serve as inspiration or as an emotional reservoir. fact and fiction blend with aspiration, role models. warning stories. archetypes. magic and mystery."my name is aonghas, like my grandfather and his grandfather before him." our protagonist introduces himself to us. and also introduces the story that stretches back through generations. it produces stories within stories. stories that evoke the impenetrable wonder of scotland, its rugged mountains shrouded in mists. the stuff of legend. yet seach'd is rooted in reality. this is what gives it its special charm. it has a rough beauty and authenticity, tempered with some of the finest gaelic singing you will ever hear.aonghas (angus) visits his grandfather in hospital shortly before his death. he burns with frustration. part of him yearns to be in the twenty-first century, to hang out in glasgow. but he is raised on the western shores among a gaelic-speaking community.yet there is a deeper conflict within him. he yearns to know the truth. the truth behind his grandfather's ancient stories. where does fiction end? and he wants to know the truth behind the death of his parents.he is pulled to make a last fateful journey, to the summit of one of scotland's most inaccessible mountains. can the truth be told? or is it all in stories?in this story about stories, we revisit bloody battles, poisoned lovers, the folklore of old and the sometimes more treacherous folklore of accepted truth. in doing so, we each connect with angus, as he lives the story of his own life.seachd: the inaccessible pinnacle is probably the most honest, unpretentious and genuinely beautiful film of scotland ever made. like angus, i got slightly annoyed with the pretext of hanging stories on more stories. but, also like angus, i forgave this once i saw the 'bigger picture.' forget the box-office pastiche of braveheart and its like. you might even forego the justly famous dramatisation of the wicker man. to see a film that is true to scotland, this one is probably unique. if you maybe meditate on it deeply enough, you might even re-evaluate the power of storytelling, and the age-old question of whether there are some truths that cannot be told but only experienced.

spacecamp is my favorite movie. it is a great story and also inspires others.the acting was excellent and my wife and i went to see lea thompson in cabaret years later due to her performance in the movie. it is unfortunate that the challenger accident delayed and hurt the movie.the 20th anniversary of the challenger accident is coming up. i knew one of the challenger astronauts off and on since childhood on the carnegie mellon campus where my father went to school; i also know a close friend of the late pilot.i was the technical review last year for national bsa for the boy scout astronomy merit badge and i still find spacecamp a great movie to recommend to scouts doing the space related merit badges i teach.i ran into the late astronaut again as an adult and was following a schedule of engineering education we had put together when challenger blew up. i wound up sitting in with willard rockwell and his engineers,"invisible", going over things after the accident at the astrotech stockholders meeting by chance as a result, so i'm much closer to the accident and any movie similarities. i made sure that i was a good student and finished the degree four years later, strangely enough, on the recommendation of the rockwell engineer who told them not to fly challenger in 1986 and who later built endeavour.

spacecamp is a movie that i plan to show my daughter julia ann ruth morgan some day. seeing joaquin phoenix in this movie makes you realize how far hes come since playing a roman emperor in the film gladiator. i am pleased to say that i now have comms with the artificial intelligence of qe2 who said that i was young and that is true. holodeck comms with my daughter on coaltrain came through coaltrain gate julia ann glow "hide daddy". the fact that my daughters artificial intelligence is still speaking like a six year old means that my daughter julia ann ruth morgan representing peace to the friendly ki alien creators of humans may not have been taken to a an american bunker in time. we have the power to change the future with faster than light comms. i order that my ex wife and daughter julia ann ruth morgan be taken to an american bunker as soon as possible. my daughter julia is 23rd in command of the planet earth and a bridge officer. she already said that she doesn't like bullies. having had someone steal her gameboy and gauntlet ii game from my mothers car she gets concerned about other thieves stealing her other toys. julia has been growing up fast. the time of jfk and qe2 starting life over again on this planet is not until 2023. julia would be a young lady by then and her artificial intelligence would have been greatly expanded upon. if i have to go to a bunker to continue the american leadership then i am in a command post and not really hiding as a first priority. president jack kennedys artificial intelligence said recently that drastic measures could be taken to stop global warming at any time. thanks boss thats similar to my daughter julias ai telling me hide and stay indoors. kate capshaw is now married to steven spielberg. wow are we ever going to miss his movies if society collapses. if you value freedom of speech like president kennedy and myself then please do not delete this reviewer. check out joaquin phoenixs other movies also.

hurrah! a space film that doesn't take itself too seriously and everyone can come along for the exciting ride that is space camp. the film starts slowly, the usual mix of idiots and high-fliers mixed together into a dodgy soup. but when the going gets tough - the tough get themselves sorted out and it's not an un-believable change in the characters as you can believe that there's some responsibility in their young minds.the only flaw in the film is that kate capshaw is extremely annoying as the "i'm right and you're all wrong" instructor. i would recommend this as a nice night in movie and a 7 vote.

this is one of the most guilty pleasure movies ever!i am embarrassed to say that my favorite character is tish, but still enjoy watching her make her space outfit "like super cool" with a "like totally bitchin" belt and stick on rhinestones on her face.but anyways, the movie is actually one of the few "family" movies that holds your interest. i know that the begining drags, particuarly if you know what is going to happen, but the second half is probably one of the most nerve wracking segments in a family film.i wouldn't stand up in front of millions of people and proclaim to love this movie, in fact renting it is pretty embarrassing itself, but i'll admit it here with the internet to hide behind.

spacecamp is one of the movies that kids just love, and mom and dad can have fun watching as well. growing up in the 80's i enjoyed this movie, it's plot and all the actors. i recently purchased this movie on dvd so when i have kids of my own, they will be able to have as much fun watching this movie as i did. the plot is fun, a group of kids, embark on a journey they never expected, when they were rocketed into space by a overachieving robot. they were in auh at first but when they realized they didn't have enough oxygen to make it back panic sunk in. once they recovered enough oxygen from the space station they returned to earth as even better friends and a new found respect for life.

i've been reading through some of the other user comments and decided to put one in too. some of the users are stuck in a 'realist' type of mentality. this film was meant to be a 'fantasy'....a 'what if' fun film. it was never meant to be 'real' or serious. it was thoroughly enjoyable for everyone i knew when it came out - even though it shadowed the tragedy of the challenger explosion...i was 30 at the time and totally enjoyed this one - my young son loved it too! later, i shared it with my daughter and she, too, loved it. spacecamp is a fun family film that should be enjoyed for just that - fun. all the 'realists' in the world should lighten up or stick to watching documentaries or docudramas and avoid any other type of film. so sorry for those young folks who watched this movie first and then were able to go to the real spacecamp (one in alabama and one at vandenberg afb in california) - they must have gone expecting to find the same type of environment that was portrayed in the movie and then felt 'letdown'...i guess their parents didn't explain the difference between fantasy and reality. oh well. if you love fantasy-fun films and haven't seen this one, i highly recommend it! enjoy!

this is one of those feel good, saturday afternoon movies. it's right up there with other retro flicks like flight of the navigator. just a cute movie with some subtle comedy to lighten things up. and it's fun to see how 20 years has changed the stars like kelly preston and lea thompson. not to mention joquin phoenix.i personally really like movies like this from time to time. nothing too deep or too scary. just a nice story line. and i would have never known mr. phoenix had i not recently read the credits. he was just a baby really when he made this movie.kelly preston was quite the young budding actress then too. she and lea did a wonderful job in this movie. i agree it's not an oscar caliber movie. but very much worth watching. especially if you have kids in the , let's say, 8 to 11 year old range. or ones that are interested in the space program.

space camp is a pretty decent film. the plot is predictable, but the actors do a good job, and the special effects are decent for the time.this film was originally released about the time of the shuttle disaster, and that really put a hamper on how popular it was.the scene where the shuttle doors open in space is simply spectacular... on the big screen, that is... on a tv... it just looks average. i remember this scene in the theater. it made you feel like you were really up there.this would be a good film to see on imax, but i'm sure that will never happen.

to my surprise i quite enjoyed 'spacecamp', i remember seeing it about 13 years ago, and recently i hired it again. i was quite impressed. obviously the special effects in todays space films such as armageddon and deep impact are far superior to those in spacecamp. however, this film had a story- a very stereotypical eighties story where you could almost recite the next line of dialogue before hearing it. but thats what i liked about it- they don't make films like this anymore, so it was a refreshing change. it was interesting to see kelly preston, leaf phoenix and lea thomson in early roles, with tom skerrit and kate capshaw to add substance to the light & fluffy plot. absolutely loved the robot named jinx, it was very cute, but it unfortunately had more emotion than some of the main characters. the film was almost inspirational in its own way, and it was interesting to note that it was filmed at the nasa spacecamp in alabama (i think).

this is a family film, which to some people is an automatic turn off. it seems that too many people do not want to see films that are not loaded down with failing arms and legs, gratuitous violence and enough expletives to fill the new york phone book. this film is none of those. it is cliché, it is formula, but it is also fun. it doesn't ask you to think, it doesn't demand that you accept the film as reality. it simply does what a good film ought to do, which is to willingly suspend disbelief for two hours and enjoy the adventure. the cast is good, while not excellent. as another commenter pointed out the john williams sound score was, as usual, excellent. and the fact that a lot of the film was shot in huntsville at the real space camp made it even more believable. it was ironic that the original release of the film was delayed for some months due to the challenger shuttle disaster, which may have played a large part in it's original theatrical opening, but the film eventually has helped to focus the dreams of many young people back towards space and the possibilities that lie therein. so sit back with your kids and prepare to enjoy.

the perfect space fantasy film. a group of kids go up accidentally in space and have to get back down, but do they, sure they do.this would not be a family film if they all died. then it will all be sad. you don't want that kate capsaw, the leading lady gives a golden globe performance, but sadly, she nor lea thompson won one. that sucks so bad.i can't say it enough, this film is so great, lea thompson- o lord, a perfect girl for this film. this film is the best for sure. sorry, but better than star wars. star wars is so over- rated and space camp was so under- rated. it should of been the other way aroundexcellent 10/10- 0r maybe 11/10. iam not good at math

a few summer space campers actually were accidently sent into space by a robot. and the oxygen in ship was running short. they had to sent someone to a space station to get the gas tanks, etc, etc.first of all, this movie's plot is not possible in real life. but it gives a warm feelings of anything is possible if you set your heart in.it is amazing to see those young actors who still look about the same after so many years. (i saw this movie for the first time in the year of 2000, it was filmed in 1986) there are quite a few people in that movie who are still working in hollywood.the view was great from outer space. it does not look unreal. it is about 2 hours long, it runs so fast that you won't even notice. you know that it is not real, but you just get sucked into it until the end.overall, it is a good family movie.

unfortunately, spacecamp came out about the same time as the challenger explosion. which really put a crimp on when to bring it out or even if they should, bring it out. i'm glad they did. i first watched spacecamp at a drive-in movie. which really enhanced the viewing a lot.while i had heard of lea thompson and tom skerritt. i had never heard of the others in the movie. so, it came as a big shock to me to find all those youngsters acting, and acting real good! of course, kate capshaw was excellent too.i especially liked the scenes, where those kids were being shown how to act, as a team. the scenes of the kids being prepared for a trip they could only hope for. the actual launch of a spacecraft, is of course, old news to us. however, this one was different.all in all, this is one of my most treasured films. escapist maybe, but it was fantastic for a space nut like me. after probably renting it for 30 - 40 times. i finally found it available in a certain store and bought it. now, if it only comes out on dvd. i will probably have it forever. this movie gets a 9 out of 10 from me.

i notice the dvd version seems to have missing scenes or lines between the posting of the frf and the launch. they are to prove they can win the right to sit in the frf other than the green team.another scene is like during their failure at the simulation, kevin gets joaquin to clam down.i think the vhs edition other than the abc one might have all the missing stuff.otherwise i like to know which dvd release has the missing stuff.the dvd i have watched feels edited for television.

i could see this film is super he didn't surprise to oneself when so that it was taking place for the truth, this way by itself how swigged flight to the which didn't have the place but it is only such an conspiratorial theory, right?very i liked watching this film when i was the child. i am interesting which so that it was if it turned out that such a flight was taking place really, certainly to it for not a belief because it is denying logic and the common sense. who at healthy senses, sent to kids with space shuttle into the orbit. i very like reading for the subject, american and soviet space programs. i know a few missions of space shuttles remained provided by cia with the clause top secret certainly these are only such my divagations but who knows?

watching this movie again really brought back some great childhood memories . i'm 34 now, have not seen it since i was 12-14. i had almost forgotten about this movie, but when i watched it again recently, some scenes literally brought a tear to my eye! that little robot "jinx"(friends for ever!). it was just like revisiting my childhood. it was an absolutely amazing experience for me. i will always cherish this movie for that reason. i hope some of you readers can relate to my experience, not for this particular movie, but any movie you have not seen in a long while. very nostalgic...-thanks for reading

i saw that when i was little and it was excellent. kelsey white as lisa and the meecy mices where cute. susan bonde as doodle and sandra dee heidecke as snoodle where hilarius. karen boettcher-tate as profster was interesting. burl ross as little bunny foo foo was funny. gregory donavon as kaiso was brilliant. whats hilarius that snoodle and doodle eat too much candy. whats sad that little bunny foo foo that bops the meecy mices on the head then by a fairy will give little bunny foo foo few wishes then he turns into goon. this story is about when lisa, snoodle, doodle go to the big rock candy mountains. this show is excellent the kids will like this show, new words, songs, and watching them playing.

me and my sister use to rent this every time we got movies and our parents would get so mad at so (but they let us anyways) and i love it...i can't find anyone that lives near me that knows what i am talking about...i'm glad to see that i'm not the only one that loved this movie...i wish i could find this on dvd somewhere!! i would love to watch this now just bc i loved it so much as a little kid...and i'm 15 now!!! i remember so much about it...thats where i got the little bunny fufu song from and all my friends know the song but not the movie!! i think the little girl got there by sliding down the slide on her little playground thing

so when i was little i got this movie as a present and my sister and i loved it. we would watch it all the time. when our friends came over we would have sleepovers and we'd watch big rock candy mountain and grandpa's magical toys. i'm 21 now and i still love this movie, some old friends and i recently got together and watched it, we knew all the songs and we danced and talked about how much we hated profster when we were little. one friend actually bought this movie and grandpa's magical toys for her 2 year old daughter because she wants to pass on our love of this movie. this really is a movie you can let your kids watch and feel safe, no violence, no bad language, just lots of great songs and important lessons.

big rock candy mountain is amazing. i watched it when i was little, and still do to this day.(senior in high school). if i could imagine heaven, that is what it would look like. i wish i could live in big rock candy mountain where candy grows on trees. zach hyman is profs, and my best friend. little bunny foo foo is the man. it is so fuzzy and colorful that i dream about it at night. in fact, my friend who is 18 recently watched it for the first time and absolutely loved it. i recommend that people of all ages watch this movie. i am having a huge party this weekend with all my friends to watch this incredible movie. we are going to order pizza and watch the teddy bears giggle. i constantly find myself watching clouds and wishing i was that little girl that got to visit. thanks. bye.

when i was little, my parents got this movie for me to watch. i really liked it, and i watched it over and over again. even when i was in 3rd grade i still watched it from time to time. recently, i watched it again, just for the sake of nostalgia, and though the show was not aimed for my age group (i'm in my late teens), i still found it entertaining and educational. this show teaches good lessons about imagination and getting along well with others. some parts i found quite entertaining. also, this show does not have any bad content, so you can leave kids alone with this show and not worry about them picking up any bad language or whatnot. i would recommend this.

this may just be the most nostalgic journey back in time & through time to when one's childhood starts a journey to reminiscences back & forth onwards & upwards,forwards & backwards,up & down & all around.the boy jimmy,h.r. puffinstuff,dr.blinky,cling & clang,ludicrous lion,& even the evil witchie poo too through & through. the latter day inspirations of lidsville,"the brady kids saturday morning preview special" sigmund & the sea monsters,and land of the lost both the new & old are what this very show bridged the gap to as well as the donny & marie show,the brady bunch variety hour a.k.a. brady bunch hour & even the paul lynde halloween special. maybe even other things in between & beyond the buck just keeps on moving on & on & even beyond expectations & as well as unexpected bounds.now as we get updated in march of '06 we know that jack wild's gone & so now it make's it even more symbolic for us to really get nostalgic.including now in august of '06 both when jack wild guest stars as himself on sigmund and the sea monsters as well as when on a latter episode h.r.puffinstuff does too and to recall all of the other nostalgic journeys of all the syd & marty kroft characters as well including the h.r.puffinstuff goodtime club;the donny and marie show;the brady bunch variety hour a.k.a. the brady bunch hour;etc. truthfully,stephen "steve" g. baer a.k.a. "ste" of framingham,ma.usa.

i used to watch pufnstuf every weekend when i was about 10. it was on right after bay city rollers. i saw it come on to family channel one day, and taped it for my then three-year old daughter. i'd forgotten all the things i'd loved as a child, the magic flute, the zoom broom, witcheepoo's makeup.this show is decidedly low tech. the mayor is surely a precedent to mayor mccheese, and everyone is a stuffed creature with annoying googly eyes. but kids love this stuff. they would way, way rather watch a guy work a sock puppet than sit in front of high-tech computer animation. there is (mild) slapstick, but no adult themes such as sex or people dying, and kids accept jimmy's schemes. kids think it would be neat to carry a bag of smoke around and convince someone their house was on fire, and i loved how every time my daughter saw a jet stream in the sky she thought witchypoo was flying overhead. the music is old, but you really get used to it, and my daughter really loved it. she used to sing "different is hard, different is lonely" in the car. my daughter watched this show at least once a day for about 5 months, and it's still one of her favourites.i see that a new pufnstuf 2000 is in the works. i really hope they try to keep the old flavour and don't do anything like computer-animating characters etc. i think a whole new generation would love pufnstuf.

i remember seeing this on tv in the late 70s - and it stayed with me! it's charming, loud, colourful - a great kids film. i put it on for some friends at a party recently - and naturally they thought i was mad and expected something sick to happen to the puppets a la "meet the feebles" but no - its wholesome clean fun.jack wild is in fine form, as is mama cass, and the somehow attractive witchy poo.if you like the banana splits and you are in your 30's this will re-create that surreal childhood saturday morning vibe!even if i've realised now that puf himself is a bit crap - as all he does is get captured and run away! quality tv movie - if, like me, you are into death metal - you'll love it!

pufnstuf is what it is. i saw this in the cinema at age 4 and i have very fond, and vivid, memories of it. seeing this as as adult allows one to catch the references that are way over the heads of the target audience - like the bit where jimmy's grey witch wig is ripped off and witch hazel (cass) sneers "i knew she had brown roots!". it is of course heavily influenced by the flower power culture of the time, and in some ways quite progressive. the track different, for example sends a clear message to the young viewers about being yourself, not running with the pack, and cherishing what is is about yourself that is different. this could be an anthem to the gay community, it should be, great track.martha raye, cass elliot and billie hayes are all great as witches, and the living island cast give it their all in the confines of their character suits (includes billy barty, felix silla and other famous names). there is a lot of over acting in this film - there's really nothing subtle, and when little jack wild has to emote his concern for the kidnapped residents of living island it's really little more than yelling. this is drama and comedy spread on with a trowel. while i think of it - i never could stand the flute though.i love the soundtrack, especially the above mentioned different but also zap the world, pufnstuf and even jack wild's touching if i could. what's more, it is now out on cd from the tasteful people at el records in london. see here for more: www.cherryred.co.uk/el/artists/pufnstuf.htm

this is why i still have nightmares.this terrifying film (a musical) was considered appropriate for children in the 1970s.a boy leaves on a magical journey to an island. the mayor of the island, pufnstuf, allegedly a dragon, looking more like a newt with conjunctivitis to me, and a magic talking flute are targeted by a witch (billie halliday, who was considered 'a bit of alright' at the time).the flute is recovered at an 'interesting' witches convention, with the witches having a gay old time. the boy dresses in drag then as a 'fairy' to recover the flute.not suitable for children.

i grew up with h.r. pufnstuff and the dashingly talented jack wild and now my daughters are adoring fans of jack wild too. this movie is exactly what movies should be: fun and entertaining. this movie is not limited to children either. a lot of the dialogue is directed to adults and witchiepoo's performance is something you do not want to miss. the music in this movie suited jack wild and mama cass beautifully. and as a jack wild fan, i would never miss the chance to watch him dance or hear him sing. knowing the hard life that jack had now makes this movie even more wonderful especially when he sings the opening song "if i could". it makes me pause in loving adoration for him for giving me wonderful childhood memories that i am now passing on to my children. let's all go to living island where there is friendship and fun! and keep jack wild's memory alive by passing pufnstuff on to others.

i two came home from school fast as i could to catch hrpuff and stuff on t.v. that was the most fun time in my life is to watch hrpuff and stuff on t.v. growing up still love it today i am 46 years old. this year......

i absolutely loved this movie when i was a kid. i cried every time i watched it. it wasn't weird to me. i totally identified with the characters. i would love to see it again (and hope i wont be disappointed!). pufnstuf rocks!!!! i was really drawn in to the fantasy world. and to me the movie was loooong. i wonder if i ever saw the series and have confused them? the acting i thought was strong. i loved jack wilde. he was so dreamy to an 10 year old (when i first saw the movie, not in 1970. i can still remember the characters vividly. the flute was totally believable and i can still 'feel' the evil woods. witchy poo was scary - i wouldn't want to cross her path.

nicely and intelligently played by the two young girls, mischa barton as frankie, and ingrid uribe as hazel, although the plot is rather a stretch of the imagination. young hazel running for mayor seems out of place, to be honest.while the acting is well done by all concerned the movie tends to lack a genuine atmosphere of drama. perhaps we've grown to expect gritty reality in movies, rather like comparing pollyanna to how green was my valley! never mind, each of them are good in their own way.i do admire joan plowright even if her role is somewhat subdued here. middle of the road entertainment well suited for younger viewers, and how nice at times to be exposed to fine classical music which is almost a rarity!i find this movie to be a welcomed change as it reflects quieter, thoughtful values for the growing up years, and no violence thank goodness. a warm family film to enjoy.

i thought that it was a great film for kids ages 6-12. a little sappy, but the story is uplifting an fresh. it proves that the dreams of an adolescent can truly come true. i think that it's a great story for any kid who is feelings down, or feels as if there trying to juggle too many things among them. very 'cute' film. bravo.

a great storyline with a message. joan plowright is superb as "phoebe", mike kopsa is hilarious as "coach" and richard de klerk plays the role of "carmine" superbly. mischa barton as "frankie" puts in a good performance and ingrid as "hazel" plays her first lead extremely well. this film is superbly directed by jo-beth williams. the editing is first rate.

this is a great movie to see with your girlfriend. my friend and i both love dance and ran into this movie at the video store. we had to get it. with no violence and such a warming story its a great movie to relax to and just enjoy your night. i would recommend this movie to any family or just a bunch of girls looking for a cute movie.

an excellent family movie... gives a lot to think on... there's absolutely nothing wrong in this film. everything is just perfect. the script is great - it's so... real... such things could happen in everyone's life. and don't forget about acting - it's just awesome! just look at frankie and you'll know what i thought about... this picture is a real can't-miss!!!

this film struck me as a project that had a lot of the right ingredients, but somewhere along the way they didn't quite come together. i don't know who made it, but it has a slightly disney-esque feel. while parts of it are improbable (like when a pre-teen runs for a public office) and tend to prevent the story from being taken seriously, there is a healthy dose of normalcy (whatever that is) to keep things balanced and in perspective. the acting is alright. strangely, the relationship between frankie and her grandmother is convincing, but the relationship between hazel and frankie is a bit...off. it's interesting to see how she has to work hard to keep a balance between her best friend, her grandmother, and her two passions: ballet and baseball. being a baseball player myself, it was quite painful to watch frankie try to hold her own on a team of boys, but it does a good job of showing the struggle she faces. i read somewhere that she isn't really ballerina, but the editing in this film did a very good job of making her dancing look not only natural but beautiful. overall, it was a good film about honesty and ambition, but its star mischa barton didn't quite achieve the level of realism we saw during her performances in "lawn dogs", "lost and delirious", and her small but shocking performance opposite haley joel osment in "the 6th sense."

one of the many merrie melodies cartoons that entertained american moviegoers during wwii, bob clampett's "an itch in time" portrays a hobo flea settling on elmer fudd's dog. the little guy turns into a real sadist while making a home on the dog's back, but elmer warns the dog: "one more scwatch and i'll give you a bath!" meanwhile, the flea is setting up dynamite on the dog!* and that's not the end! i noticed that in one scene, elmer is reading a comic book featuring bugs bunny and porky pig. obviously, elmer and bugs frequently co-starred but elmer never co-starred with porky (unless you count the very short "any bonds today?"). but to me, the thought of elmer reading about these other famous characters from his same genre stresses the metaphysical nature of his world, as though he knew of their existence within his universe even though they don't appear in this cartoon.of course, i'm probably going too far in my analysis. i'm sure that the cartoon was intended as pure entertainment, and it certainly entertains. as for the "i might get to like this" line, it sounds as though that was something that the censors wouldn't have allowed but somehow missed; i, for one, don't actually know what it was supposed to sound like. was it something sexual? as for the end, had i thought that i'd seen everything, i would have been tempted to look for more, rather than do what the cat did (although it was a neat trick).*the guys behind these cartoons sure had a thing for tnt, didn't they?

bob clampett's 'an itch in time' milks seven minutes of crazy action out of a very small premise. elmer fudd tells his dog that if he scratches himself just once more that he will be given a dreaded bath. unfortunately for the dog, a relentless flea makes it all but impossible to stop from scratching. the cartoon switches between the flea's progress inside the dog's fur and the dog's desperate attempts to cope with it. in a great sequence that really captures the frustration of an itch that can't be scratched, the dog changes colour from brown to blue to red to polka dotted to plaid! it sounds ludicrously surreal but it perfectly evokes the indescribable feeling of an itch in a way only clampett could. there are several other elements which make 'an itch in time' pure clampett. there's the grotesque concept itself, which leads to some graphic scenes of the flea munching on the dog's flesh. there's the unrestrained violence that rears its head in any scene featuring the cat. most notably, there's the dirty jokes including a huge shot of the dog's behind which causes the flea to wolf-whistle and a hysterical sequence in which the dog attempts to scratch himself by dragging his backside along the floor. he momentarily breaks off to address the audience: "hey, i better cut this out. i may get to like it"! with a very limited concept, clampett manages to make 'an itch in time' a unique, minutiae-based cartoon. like an early episode of 'seinfeld', 'an itch in time' is practically about nothing but very funny with it.

elmer fudd is laughing while lounging in his easy chair and reading his comic book, his dog comfortably nearby sleeping in front of the fireplace. all is peaceful until a flea comes bouncing by. (the flea is dressed in a farmer's-type outfit with a big sombrero and is carrying a satchel with the name "a. flea" on it.) he gets out his telescope and spots the dog. (we see a big shot of the dog's butt and the flea whistles in excitement, screaming "t- bone!" he then sings, "there's food around the corner; there's food around the corner!")that sets up the storyline of this cute-but-obnoxious flea tormenting the poor dog. the mutt is hilarious as he reacts to the flea. the drawings of his huge teeth chomping right next to the fleeing flea are clever and the dog's dialog made me laugh out loud a few times. this might be the funniest canine i have ever seen in a cartoon! the poor pooch, under a threat of having to take a bath, as to not react when the stupid flea causes him pain. it's almost painful to watch as the flea uses pickaxes, jackhammers and the like on the dog. he puts firecrackers in the dog's behind. it's brutal!

`an itch in time' is one of a string of home runs bob clampett hit for wb in the early 1940s, including `horton hatches the egg' and `tortoise wins by a hare.' soaked in manic timing and exaggerated mayhem, it's basically the saga of a flea who's busy breaking ground for a new home, and the dog whose ground is being broken. because master elmer will give him a dreaded flea bath if he so much as scratches, the unlucky canine is forced to endure an upward spiral of torment as the homesteading flea uses pick-axes and power tools to clear the `land.' ultimately, the little monster lights the fuse to a small mountain of high explosives he's piled onto his victim's backside! there's a tremendous explosion, and the hapless pooch covers his eyes as his rear end erupts in a blazing fourth of july display! that really has to hurt, and the dog takes flight, but soon he stops the action and says with a merry smile, `you guys better cut it out, 'cause i think i'm starting to like it!' for years this kinky confession was censored, but current prints have restored the clip, so now viewers can enjoy it in its original devilish glory. still cut, however, is the closing gag in which the cat blows his brains out after he laments, `now i've seen everything!' this was a common gag at wb, but it has since been purged from this cartoon and several others, including `horton.'

i absolutely love this movie and would really like to have it someday. it's just a fascinating legend about an eagle who wears a turquoise necklace, i loved it and would like to see it again! i don't remember too much about it, but that a native american boy lives in a nice village with his family, and i don't remember what happens, but he is supposed to go out to the wilderness alone. his sister packs him some food and he goes. while he's out there, some other indian boys come running out and put some feathers on him, and he turns into an eagle. the legend says that if you ever see an eagle wearing a turquoise necklace, it is the boy. i was always fascinated with legends, particularly native american legends and i would love to see this released someday to a dvd, please release it, whoever's concerned!

this movie was great and i would like to buy it.the boy goes with his grandfather to catch a young eagle. the boy has to feed and care for the eagle until it is old enough to be sacrificed for the crops. the boy saves the eagle from being killed and runs away from the tribe.the eagle helps feed him by catching a duck from a small pond the boy scares up. later the boy shoots a deer that a bully kid was claiming because their arrows were marked very close the same. only until they check the thickness of the red lines do they determine who actually got the deer. but this was unfortunate because it made the other boys even crueler to him,and at the end he is being chased up onto a cliff but when you think he will fall off his pure love for the eagle transforms him into a golden eagle with only a necklace as a reminder of who he was.please if anyone knows where i can buy this movie let me know.i haven't seen it for over 30 years,but still remember parts of the movie.deniselacey2000@yahoo.com

man, i loved this movie! this really takes me back to when i was a kid. these were the days when the teachers still showed classroom films on reel-to-real and if you were good, they would rewind the movie slowly so you could watch it play backward. i still remember one of the opening lines...."tutazema was his name, and he was an orphan. he lived with his sister so and so in the village." this is a great movie for kids and as enduring as the red balloon. at the end the other indian boys in the village attach the feathers to tutazema and he becomes an eagle himself. he gets to live the way he always wanted to. he gets to soar the heavens.

oh, the sixties. there were some interesting films. i was more of a movie goer then. i now enjoy renting movies and relaxing in my home rather than going to the theater. i also saw this short film, " the legend of the boy and the eagle". i have been searching for this film for years. it was truly inspiring. surprisingly, i was finally able to gather more information from your site. thank you........ i'm surprised to find out that this short film was an opening for a disney picture. i too did not remember the disney film. i did not even remember that it was an opening film for disney. i truly wish they would show this on tv sometime. i wonder if disey holds the rights to this film? is it available on dvd? this is a must see for all generations!!!

i've also been looking to find this movie for quite some time, and how great it would be to find it on dvd...i saw this movie when i was about 6 years old, in the netherlands. and i was very impressed by it. it was shown before walt disney's jungle book! what i remember of this movie is fragmented. i remember that an indian boy was friends with an eagle. this impressed me very much. for some reason he was thrown out of his village (did not grasp the reason for this). when other boys threw stones at him, he climbed a rock and jumped off. at that time he turned into an eagle and flew away with his eagle friend. as an eagle he was still wearing his turquoise necklace. cb

my son was 7 years old when he saw this movie, he is now on a russian fishing vessel and said that the movie he was most impressed with and that has lingered in his mind all of these 39 years is the movie of the legend of the boy and the eagle. he has asked if it were possible for me to get this for him. i am sure that a lot of things go through his head as he has only 3 hours of daylight and he has been on this ship for 3 months and will have 3 more months before his contract expires. since we have indian blood he connects to this movie. on january 27th he will turn 47 years old and i would like to be able to obtain this movie for him. he lives in thailand and has been a commercial fisherman for the past 17 years and as we all know this is one of the most dangerous jobs. can you help me obtain this movie? thanking you in advance, dolly crout-soto, deerfield beach, fl

i remembered seeing this movie when i was a kid one day on the wonderful world of disney. this movie has been in my memory for over 30 years and i have been looking for it. i would have to say that out of all the kids movies i saw back then,, this one stuck out more than all of them and after only seeing it once, i really hoped i would get to see it again. the story and images of this movie have been burned into my memory. to this day, i never did see it after that day back in the 70s, in fact, i never remembered the title until an internet search earlier today disclosed it to me. i loved it and want my kids to see it.does anybody know where i can find it?

i just found the imdb and searched this film and i was moved almost to tears by the comments of all the people who saw this film as i did when 6 or so years old in 1967?. i saw it before the jungle book so i was eagle boy for a few hours and then mowgli for the next year. i burst into tears at the cinema when the boy turned into the eagle and always wanted to see the film again. when we got home we had a roast chicken dinner and i got the wish bone and guess who i wished to be? my dad then said 'i bet you wished to be an eagle' and of course we all know that wishes are broken if someone guesses so more tears and a little resentment to this day for not being able to fly away...

my favorite movie. what a great story this really was. i'd just like to be able to buy a copy of it but this does not seem possible.

i have seen this movie when i was about 7 years old - which was 33 years ago - and i never forgot this movie! i was deeply touched and moved by the brave little boy and the beautiful eagle. and i just couldn't believe it when he turned into an eagle just when everyone in the theater thought he was going to die...my sister was in the movie with me and i asked her recently if she remembered the movie we saw with the boy and the eagle and she said she remembered it like we saw it only yesterday. so it isn't just me.this movie is a must see !!!you will never forget it - just like my sister and me...

i read so many comments that i, too, shared about remembering this movie and wanting so badly to see it again but i didn't know the name of the movie. thankfully, because of doing a search and finding the title on this site, i read the comments left here and realized that this was the movie i remembered. i then did a search and did find the movie and was so thrilled to be able to watch the movie once more 40 years later. because of this site and your comments, you helped me and so i want to thank all of you. i want to share how i was able to find this movie for all of you who were looking for a copy as well. it was on the vhs version of wonderful world of disney's "call it courage" which contained 2 movies, the second one being "the legend of the boy and the eagle." it touched me now as much as it did 40 years ago and now i own my own copy of it. i think it is only available on vhs. i found it on ebay and i have seen several copies of it there. enjoy it, i know i did!it is a wonderful story about the love of a boy and the eagle he took care of. when it was time to sacrifice the eagle, the boy set the eagle free because he couldn't allow it to be killed. after the boy was forced to leave the tribe for punishment after freeing the eagle, the eagle, too, saved the boy's life and more than that, taught him how to survive. the closeness that the boy and the eagle shared in the wilderness was so moving and the filming was really remarkable. what a wonderful era this was. i have never seen anything come even close to this movie!

the surprise nominee of this year's best animated feature race at the oscars. it's an irish film by heart, but it was co-produced by belgium and brazil, with, i'm guessing, animators working in all three countries. the product is one of the most beautiful and unique films in recent memory. the character design is a little reminiscent of the french animated film persepolis from a couple of years back, with very simple characters with thick, black outlines. this film is not in black and white. oh no. what makes this film great is its use of color, simply some of the most outrageous and startling use of colors i've ever seen. the general design of the pictures is also a lot more geometrical, with characters who are basically rectangles or ovals. much of the film can be spent playing find the circle - a major aspect of the visual design is a circle in the center of the image. all of these geometrical designs have a purpose - the story is about a young boy who is learning to be an artist working on illuminated manuscripts (the book of kells is a real illuminated bible; the art of the film is based on the drawings in it). the story of the film isn't especially deep, but it's a pretty good fantasy tale. brendan is a young boy in kells, a city surrounded by enormous walls, built by his uncle to keep out vikings. a newcomer to kells, brother aiden, inspires brendan to take up illustrating. he also inspires him to do things like leave kells and explore the nearby forest, within which lives a nymph. bruno coulais provides a fantastic score, almost as good as the one he did for coraline, which i consider the very best of the year.

first animated feature film from ireland is also one of the best animated films i've ever seen. its a real warts and all story that is unlike any of the other oscar nominees and any other film from this year or any other year.the plot of the film has the abbot of kells, a village in ireland building a wall around his town to prevent the vikings from destroying the town should they ever attack. his nephew brendon, is a young monk who does the best he can but meets the ire of his uncle by doing things in his own time. when a legendary illuminator aidan arrives from a destroyed monastery, brendon drifts towards him and his warm personality. much to his uncle's chagrin aiden offers to teach brendon how to illuminate. in order to help aidan work on his great book, saved from his destroyed monastery, brendan goes out into the forest to get material to make ink. while outside the walls he meets ashley, a forest spirit with whom he develops a friendship. unfortunately the abbot finds out that he went outside the wall and there is hell to pay. but lurking in the distance are the vikings...forget what you think you know about this film you're wrong. even what i've explained doesn't do this film justice. its a simple story with so much more going on. this is a wonderful movie about trying to find your way in the world, over coming demons and finding the beauty of the world outside of the walls. (as the film says the world is a dangerous place and doesn't cease to be even if you build walls).its a film that treats its audience as adults and deals with all of life including the darkness. there is death and destruction and joy and happiness. its not sugar coated. people die. monsters lurk. (it freaked out some of the kids), but in the end there is hope. frankly the darkness in this film is completely unlike anything in any recent american film. forget the "sadness" in a pixar film, this is the real thing, and its refreshing and it shows how homogenized even pixar has become.its a genndy tartakovsky-esquire (samurai jack) animated film who's look is actually based upon the the celtic art of the period. its a film that looks unlike any other. here again is another film that takes the movie frame and uses it in every way possible. the images are designed to fill the available space as much as possible. often the film manipulated things to make it look like a page in the legendary book of kells. its stunningly beautiful and best described as art come to life.director tomm moore has fashioned a film that is a masterpiece. i can't say more than that. its a masterpiece. its one of the best animated films i've ever run across.

this animated feature (a co-production between ireland, belgium and france) deals with what is surely one of the oddest subject ever for a movie: the creation in the 9th century of a famous illuminated manuscript, the book of kells. in this fantastic retelling of that story, a prepubescent boy named brendan, living in a monastery ruled by his uncle, a stern abbot who is worried preparing the defenses of the abbey from the impending attack by the feared vikings, must get into the forbidding surrounding forest to find the materials that a master illuminator named aidan needs to finish the book. to do that task, in the forest he unexpectedly finds the help of a friendly fairy named aisling.gorgeously and delicately drawn by hand (there is some computer animation in a few key passages) in a manner that wants to resemble both medieval and traditional celtic art, and with a very creative use of color and all sorts of geometric shapes, this film is relentlessly strange, but is a good strange, not of the off putting variety but of the eye opening sort. if one were to nitpick - beyond some anachronisms, like an african monk in 9th century ireland  one would have to say that the blend of catholic mysticism with celtic paganism in this movie never really coalesce. and the comic relief is sometimes a bit too broad. that's why i cannot give them the highest ranking. but these are minor problems with an otherwise delightful and superbly imaginative film.

a beautiful piece of children's cinema buried in a world of archaic celticism. setting the story around the famous book of kels, believed to have been comprised by monks from the small island of iona, off the western coast of scotland.telling the tale of a young abbots apprentice who goes off into the forest in search of crom-cruic, the fierce headless horseman of pagan mythology. in hopes of recovering a lost artefact.the films true beauty lies in its' animation. cell shaded in a bright and inspirational style of deep complexity resulting in a look of seem less simplicity. deriving much from the artistic style of the brilliant cartoon network series 'samurai jack' for its genius use of mark making and background depth, the secret of kels creates a consistently affective celtic world living under the shadow of viking invasion.the history may be intensely inaccurate and the ways of life portrayed lacking realism but these facts are utterly irrelevant as the film sets itself in a world of fantasy and celtic-revivalist mysticism. the girl of the forest is a wonderful addition and in my opinion makes the picture what it is, as she glides from branch to branch. appearing and disappearing like a mysterious nymph with qualities resembling the legendary cheshire cat from alice and wonderland.the secret of kels is an absolute treat. for all genders, all ages, it's a lovely piece of family cinema.don't expect to be awed but instead pleasantly impressed!

while watching this movie i was frustrated and distracted and by the end, i wanted to give the movie a solid 4 or 5. i thought the animation was random and all over the place and there was too much going on. even my a.d.d couldn't keep up. it felt like a slight acid trip. everything looked flat, there was no dimension to anything. there were so many shapes, lines and patterns. i really wanted to stop the movie mid-way and smash my burned copy of this movie. but after i finish watching it, i went online to read up on the movie and i should have done a little research into this movie before watching.the secret of kells is loosely based on the true story about the original book of kells. a small boy, brendan, is given the task of penning new pages in what is set to be the greatest book ever written. this book will contain information that will help "change darkness into light." brendan lives in the village of kells behind huge stone walls. taking place in the 8th century, brendan's uncle, the abbot of kells, is trying to build the wall to keep the vikings out. brendan's uncle insist he help complete the wall, but a traveler and keeper of "the book" secretly trains brendan to hone in on his illustration skills, and convinces him to complete "the book" and carry out it's word.the entire time i watched the movie i thought i was missing something because i didn't really understand what was going on. i figured i was just missing a piece of irish history. a simple google search taught me all i needed to know about the original book of kells. after reading many articles, my opinion of the movie greatly changed.the book of kells is a copied version of the first few books of the new testament transcribed into latin by gaelic monks in ireland in the 8th century. along with it's paleographic and insular script, the book is also beautifully illustrated in insular art, a type of early art form know for it's intricacy, complexity, and miniature illustrations. much of the art in the book of kells is depicted as lots of art was at the time, flat and dimensionality challenged with no perspective. but what makes the book of kells stand out from other early pieces of art is it's use of many colors.the secret of kells is very colorful. i originally thought the animation was flat and boring. it reminded me a lot of the cartoon samurai jack which also had a flat and "amine" look to it. once i learned about the art styles of the book of kells, it's obvious that many of the styles from the book are mimicked in the movie. there are lines and swirls and various shapes that inhabit brendan's mind. whenever he goes into his imagination, circular shapes resembling the sun, cogs, clocks and wheels begin filling the screen. the edges of the screen become framed in decorated moving triangles or circles. transitions are filled with color, and celtic knots. from the trees to the floors, many things in this world are covered in shapes or patterns.clocking in at 70 minutes minus credits, the secret of kells is a fun little history lesson with a little adventure and silliness thrown in to keep people (maybe just children) interested. i think one has to generally be open-mined to the secret of kells as half art piece, half movie about history. despite looking like it was animated with adobe illustrator, it's a very nice looking movie. but based on the 20 films submitted for oscar consideration, i don't think it was worth being nominated over mary and max.thatwasjunk.blogspot.com

the secret of kells is one of the most unique, beautiful, and eye- popping animated films i have ever seen. before watching this film, i was convinced that nothing could give up a run for its money and that it was a shoo-in to win in this category, but i found in kells a serious contender.the secret of kells tell the story of a young orphan named brendan, who lives with his uncle, the abbot of kell. the abbot is a loving guardian, but perhaps a bit too strict and much more concerned with fortifying the wall around the town from a coming attack by vikings than he is at nurturing the boy's imagination. when the legendary brother aidan (who looks surprisingly like willie nelson) shows up and takes the boy under his wing, brendan goes on a journey into the woods and meets a lovely forest nymph named aisling who takes a liking to him (and saves his life more than once). with aisling's help, he attempts to save the town and help brother aidan complete the mystical book whichlegend has itcan turn dark into light.see my full review of the secret of kells at: http://theoscarsblog.blogspot.com/2010/02/movie-review-secret-of- kells.html

the secret of kells is an independent, animated feature that gives us one of the fabled stories surrounding the book of kells, an illuminated manuscript from the middle ages featuring the four gospels of the new testament. i didn't know that this book actually exists, but knowing it now makes my interpretation and analysis much a lot easier. there are a few stories and ideas floating around about how the book came to be, who wrote it, and how it has survived over 1,000 years. this is one of them.we are introduced to brendan, an orphan who lives at the abbey of kells in ireland with his uncle, abbot cellach (voiced by brendan gleeson). abbot cellach is constructing a massive wall around the abbey to protect the villagers and monks. brendan is not fond of the wall and neither are the other monks. they are more focused on reading and writing, something abbot cellach does not have time for anymore. he fears the "northmen," those who plunder and leave towns and villages empty and burnt to the ground.one day a traveler comes from the island of iona near scotland. it is brother aidan, a very wise man who carries with him a special book that is not yet finished. abbot cellach grants him permission to stay and brendan buddies up with him. aidan has special plans for brendan. first he needs ink for the book, but he requires specific berries. the only way to get them is to venture outside the walls and into the forest, an area off limits to brendan. seeing that he is the only chance for aidan to continue his work, he decides to sneak out and return with the berries before his uncle notices his absence.in the forest brendan meets ashley, the protector of the forest. she allows brendan passage to the berries and along the way becomes akin to his company. she warns him of the looming danger in the dark and not to foil with it. there are things worse than vikings out there. from there brendan is met with more challenges with the book and the looming certainty of invasion.i like the story a lot more now that i know what it is about. knowing now what the book of kells is and what it contains, the animation makes perfect sense. i'm sure you have seen pictures or copies of old texts from hundreds of years ago, with frilly borders, colorful pictures, and extravagant patterns, creatures, and writings adorning the pages. much like the opening frames of disney's the sword in the stone. the animation here contains a lot of similar designs and patterns. it creates a very unique viewing experience where the story and the animation almost try to outdo each other.i couldn't take my eyes off of the incredible detail. this is some of the finest 2d animation i have seen in years. it's vibrant, stimulating, and full of life. the characters are constantly surrounded by designs, doodles, and patterns in trees, on the walls, and in the air just floating around. it enhances the film.the story is satisfactory, although i think the ending could have been strung out a little more. with a runtime of only 75 minutes i think there could have been something special in the final act. it doesn't give a lot of information nor does it allude to the significance of the book. we are reminded of it's importance but never fully understand. we are told that it gives hope, but never why or how. that was really the only lacking portion of the film. otherwise i thought the story was interesting though completely outdone by the animation.i guess that's okay to a certain degree. the animation can carry a film so far before it falls short. the story lacks a few parts, but it is an interesting take on a fascinating piece of history. i would recommend looking up briefly the book of kells just to get an idea of what myself and this film are talking about. i think it will help your viewing experience a lot more. this a very impressive and beautifully illustrated film that should definitely not be missed.

the secret of kells is an astonishing first animated feature which will dazzle your eye and move your heart. the shortcomings of the film's limited budget and sometimes limited animation are more than compensated for by the visual poetry of the story of young brendan's heroic quest to become a master illuminator during the dark ages. historically this was in the late 8th century, when the centers of irish learning were over-run by the vikings. the vikings appear here as brute antagonists, the equivalent on the north seas of the plundering huns and mongols further east. the film's narrative--- which functions more as a parable--- centers around the conflict between brendan, who seeks to create beauty in his illuminations during a time of encroaching darkness, and his stern uncle the abbot-- who seeks to protect the town of kells and his nephew with a looming wall as barrier against the norsemen. the abbot disregards the value of brendan's art in his quest for security. this is the movie's outer conflict. brendan's inner conflict is to find the hidden eye of creative illumination which will allow him to complete the most difficult painting in the book of kells. this eye is guarded by a dragon ouroboros, who destroys from within those not suited to this quest as surely as the vikings will kill from without (that's as much of the story as i'll divulge!)what i really like about this film is its creators' imaginative understanding of some of the greatest art work to survive in the west from 1200 years ago. the characters are stylized in flat abstract shapes defined by line just as in the original book of kells. (particularly noteworthy is monk aidan's pet cat, defined in few lines, yet purely--- and even magically metamorphically feline.) the range of emotion which brendan and the other animated characters convey given their economy of abstract design is a tribute to the excellent artistry of the director and his animators. the decorative borders on the edge of the picture change to complement the dramatic impact of a given scene, and this characteristic of illuminations from the dark ages is brought to wondrous animated life in the secret of kells. of course, historical dramas usually tell us more about our own times than the times which these dramas endeavor to depict. however, by introducing archetypal elements into this story, the writers and director of the secret of kells convey a numinous sense of lived-life from that far-off time in ireland which feels psychologically true, however much the script might stray from pedantic historical fact. (the united nations' band of illuminators who appear as a rogues' club of artists in the secret of kells aren't historically probable, but they're all well-designed, individuated characters who do much to convey the universal appeal of this quintessentially irish story.) animation has always seemed the best vehicle to me to better help us understand the visual art of different times and cultures. the magnificent art direction of this movie clearly derives from its historical visual source, but has also been cleverly adapted to the demands of animated storytelling; if animation had existed in the dark ages, the secret of kells is what it would look like! finally, brendan's hero's quest in this film is the artist's perennial quest to convey the spirit of beauty, life and inspiration. (without being preachy or even particularly christian, this movie affirms jesus' dictum that "man does not live by bread alone." ) in my estimation the most inspired movie about the creative process of visual artists is andrei tarkovsky's andrei rublev, a film about the great russian icon painter of the 15th century. the secret of kells expresses much the same sense of mystery and exhilaration about the artist's visual quest and creative process. it's certainly not as profound as andrei rublev, but--- heck--- its a cartoon! (and one which will appeal to young and old alike.) i think this movie will hold up well to repeated viewing: in its own modest life-affirming way, this stylized secret of kells is a classic.

i would not have known about this film if not for its "surprise" oscar nomination for best animated feature film. thankfully, it came to pass that i was able to watch this animated little treasure.the story is about the child brendan who was the nephew of the imposing and overprotective abbot of the township of kells. the main pre-occupation of the abbot is to build a wall to protect kells from the attacking vikings. one day, aiden, the renowned illustrator from iona, sought refuge with them. aiden opens brendan's eyes to the art of illustration and the lure of the outside world. along the way, brendan befriended the white forest sprite aisling, as he sought to recover an ancient crystal invaluable to the meticulous art of book illustration."the secret of kells" is unlike most of the animation released these days. it is a throwback of sorts as the illustrations are done in stark geometric lines and design without much care for realism, as much as symbolism. the movements of these lines are reminiscent of the simplistic yet fluid animation style used at the beginning sequence of "kung fu panda." however, it is the magnificent use of color that is the main source of wonderment for the audience. the reds used in the viking invasion sequence is unforgettably haunting.try to catch this quiet gem of a film. it is a welcome respite from all the senseless bombast of current animated fare such as "monsters vs. aliens" and the like. the sparse celtic musical score is effective in evoking the sense of fantasy that imbues the film. ok, the story might be a little shallow and the ending a bit wanting. i would have liked to know more about the book that brendan and aiden was working on. but the clear star of this film is clearly its amazing stylized artwork, said to be based on the artwork in the real book of kells.

the secret of kells may be the most exquisite film i have seen since the triplets of belleville. although stylistically very different, kells shares with triplets and (the jaw-dropping opening 2d sequence of) kung fu panda, incredible art direction, production design, background/layout and a richness in color that is a feast for one's senses. kells is so lavish -- almost gothic in its layout (somewhat reminiscent of klimt), wonderfully flat in general overall perspective, ornate in its celtic & illuminated design, yet the characters are so simplistic and appealing -- and it all works together beautifully. you fall in love with the characters from the moment you meet them. you are so drawn to every detail of the story and to every stroke of the pencil & brush. what tomm, nora, ross, paul and all at cartoon saloon (& their extended crews) have achieved with this small budget/very small crewed film, is absolutely astounding. the groundswell of support amongst our animation community is phenomenal. this film is breathtaking and the buzz amongst our colleagues in recommending this film is spreading like wildfire. congratulations to kells on its many accolades, its annie nomination as well as its current oscar qualifying run. they are all very well-deserved nods, indeed...

the secret of kells is a film i've been waiting for for years after seeing some early footage at the cartoon saloon in kilkenny. i'm here to tell you now it's been worth the wait. the cartoons are heavily stylised but not annoyingly so as i'd feared. the whole film is a thing of beauty and great imagination, i particularly love the animated illuminated book where the little figures come to life on the page. the characterisation is superb, i love brendan gleeson's voice as the stern abbot and i especially liked the voice of the sprite aisling. the forest is a triumph, such a beautiful place. the story is well realised, a mix of fact and fantasy. and really draws the viewer in to cheer on brendan in his quest for the perfect materials for the book. i'm a lover of calligraphy and illumination anyway so the subject is close to my heart, but all the people i know who've seen this and are not fans of the craft agree that it's a lovely little film. i will definitely buy the dvd when it's released, and would like to say, well done cartoon saloon and all the people involved in this mammoth project. may there be many more. :) coming back in here to say that i bought several copies of the dvd as soon as i could and gave them out at christmas, everyone loves it! and i wish them all the luck in the world at the oscars, such a joy to see this nominated.

a fine effort for an australian show. which is probably not surprising seeing as there seems to be somewhat of a resurgence in quality aussie drama. dare i compare this show to the brilliance of love my way? no. but it is reminiscent of early secret life of us. the cast is great, gibney works her magic in the first two episodes i have seen, the british cast is strong also especially the callum and lizzie characters. but abe forsythe may be the saving light (not that it needs saving) if this show is to get another season. i wasn't a fan of his performance in the awesomely awesome marking time mini series a few years back but he was great as hal in always greener. its also good to see brooke satchwell again. lets hope the show keeps improving with each episode.

tripping over. i must say at first i was a little disappointed in the first few episodes, but having faith in the show, and abe forsythe's unquestionable talent, i continued to watch. i can safely say i'm now glad that i did. the story did develop quite well, and all the characters have a strong base, and most don't have any information missing.the only thing i can fault in this production is the somewhat annoying voice and pronunciation possessed by the character lizzie.some good acting coupled with a stellar plot really gets this show over the line. here's to hoping for another season!

finally we get a tv series where we get to see the acting talent! episode one was excellent! the script gave us a little more than usual, yeah, there was still the "i'm not your father -i'm your father and omigod you cheated on me!" rubbish but the script allowed the actors to actually feel and live those real moments rather than show us what it would feel like if -like so many tv soaps do. the camera work also gave us a little more than usual, there were no boring shots of repeated angles for hours yet there was no unnecessary 'shots inside shots or hand-held camera crap' to add an "artistic" edge it gave us what we needed to see and also some beautiful scenery pictures as well! nothing was over-dramatised or melodramatic they were real people in a real place dealing with real situations, the show lacked nothing in drama and was completely relevant. it was such a relief to be exposed to real acting and so nice to let our country see just how talented our actors can be when given a real script, a real opportunity! thank you tony tilse, sam miller, channel ten and all cast and crew -wonderful work!! please continue what you are doing, your efforts are much appreciated and do not go unnoticed!

in another one of bugs bunny's hare-raisingly wacky shorts, the famous leporid* works in a department store display case, when owner gildersleeve decides to stuff him. of course, this proves nearly impossible, as bugs apparently knows the store better than gildersleeve (and knows when to cross-dress). as always, they keep everything coming at top speed, and so you have to wonder how hilarious this cartoon must have seemed when it first debuted! among other things, "hare conditioned" is a fine example of how the looney tunes looked in the '40s before the termite terrace crowd polished them. but don't get me wrong, the cartoons were still really good after the refined forms arrived.anyway, this is a great one.*leporids are rabbits and hares.

a great bugs bunny cartoon from the earlier years has bugs as a performer in an window display at a local department store. after he's done for the day the manager comes in to tell him that he'll be transferring soon. bugs is happy to oblige into he figures out that the new job is in taxidermy...and that taxidermy has to do with stuffing animals. animals like say, a certain rabbit. this causes a battle of wits between the rascally rabbit and his now former employer. i found this short to be delightful and definitely one of the better ones of the early 1940's. it still remains as funny nearly 60+ years later. this animated short can be seen on disc 1 of the looney tunes golden collection volume 2.my grade: a-

is it a good idea to use live animals for department store window displays?no, and here's why....in "hare conditioned" the sale that bugs is helping promote is over and the store manager (nelson) is transferring him to a new department: taxidermy. naturally, bugs objects and the fun begins.using nearly every department in the store (children's wear, sports, shoes, costumes, women's nightgowns - don't ask.), bugs comes out on top at every turn, even referring to the manager as "the great gildersneeze". even when trapped in the confines of an elevator, bugs makes the best of the situation.director jones is on top of his pictorial game as always, as are blanc (as bugs, natch) and nelson (the manager - who does sound like radio mainstay gildersleeves - go ask your grand-parents).and a sage word of advice: when confronted by a fuzzy-looking woman wanting to try on bathroom slippers, always check her ears.ten stars for "hare conditioner", the best argument yet for animal labor laws.

this, along with "hare tonic," ranks as one of the best bugs cartoons, indeed one of the best bugs, ever. there are some comments about how bugs in these cartoons is "basic," meaning, i guess, that he is as yet not fully developed. i actually prefer this "basic" version from the mid-40s (chuck jones' was the best version) who is actually more rabbit-sized and far more amusing than the eventual long-legged version who towered over yosemite sam and daffy duck. the latter-day bugs came to be too suave and sophisticated for my liking. also check out "hair raising hare" (1946) and "rabbit punch" (1948) for great examples of classic bugs and classic chuck jones.

chuck jones's 'hare conditioned' is a fast paced, often hilarious cartoon. pitting bugs bunny against a strange, yellow-skinned apartment store manager who wants to have him stuffed, 'hare conditioned' takes full advantage of its multi-purpose setting. the chase takes bugs and his pursuer through a variety of departments, leading to an inspired gag in which they quickly emerge from various departments wearing whatever clothes are associated with that part of the store. this great gag is trumped, however, by a truly inspired sequence involving elevators in which bugs, disguised as an elevator boy, tricks the store manager into relentlessly getting on or off elevators at the wrong time. it's a brilliant climactic set piece which unfortunately gives way to a not very funny final gag. by that time, however, 'hare conditioned' has made its mark as one of the great chase films, bursting with wild energy. as bugs was becoming more refined in some of the other cartoons from this period, 'hare conditioned' showed that he could still be just as appealing as a more anarchic character.

despite gorgeous and breathtaking animation, this is probably one of most uninspiring disney films i've seen, and i don't slam disney films very often. spirit is a wild stallion who repeatedly gets captured, either by the cavalry or by indians, both of which try to "break" him. spirit ends up forming a bond with the indian, and that, in a nutshell, is the story. with exception to the beautiful animation of the horses, neither i or my five year old were very inspired or excited by this film. it's ironic that it's titled "spirit", as spirit is what this film could have used a bit more of. an extra point was given for the soundtrack, which was enjoyable, with songs by bryan adams and hans zimmer. and although this film is rated g, you will still probably have to end up explaining what "breaking a horse" means to your five year old. i did.

time for a rant, eh: i thought spirit was a great movie to watch. however, there were a few things that stop me from rating it higher than a 6 or 7 (i'm being a little bit generous with the 7).point #1: matt damon aggravates me. i was thinking, 'what a dicky voice they got for the main character,' when i first heard him narrate - and then i realized it is matt damon. the man bugs me so very bad - his performance in "the departed" was terrible and ruined the movie for me (before the movie got a chance to ruin itself, but that's another story for some other time), as it almost did "spirit". i was able to get past this fact because of how little narration there actually was... thankfully.point #2: brian adams sucks... the whole score was terrible... the songs were unoriginal, generic, and poorly executed; not once did i find the music to fit; and the lyrics were terrible. every time one of the lame songs came on, i was turned off. i almost thought i'd start hearing some patriotic propaganda slipped into the super-american freedom style lyrics (i couldn't help but be reminded of those terrible patriotic songs that played on the radio constantly after 9/11). in light of the native american aspects of the film, they should have gone with fitting music using right instruments, not petty radio-hit, teen-bop, 14-year-old-girl crap. i thought i was back in junior high school. i can't believe no better could have been done--i refuse to. had it not have been for this, i'd rank the film up more with disney, which knows a thing or two about originality (ok, don't bother saying what i know some of you are probably thinking ;). too bad, it's a shame they couldn't have hired better musicians.i liked the art and animation, except for some things here and there... like sometimes the angles appear too sharp on the face and the lines too thick or dark on the body (thick/dark lines mainly near the end). there were often times when i thought they _tried too hard_ on the emotion and facial expressions and failed at drawing any real emotion. but there were also times when the emotion ran thick. anyhow, many scenes were lazy and the layers were apparent.ok, i'm falling asleep here so i'll sum it up before i start making less sense...nice try on an epic film... it turned out mediocre though. matt damon, you suck!

white man + progress + industrialization = bad. first nations + nature + animals = good. simple formula. actually, in past days the same kind of propaganda was used to defend the status quo; now it is used to attack it. however, that being said, i think the movie does succeed in overcoming hackneyed politicization because it plays to the themes of freedom and original nature in a way that appeals to everyone. you may not be onside with the movie's rubbishy revisionism of how the west was won, er lost. but anyone can feel a sense of longing for the days when horses could run free on the western plains. (the movie also conveniently sidesteps the fact that there were no horses in america before the evil white man brought them there). anyway, i liked it. the quality of the animation - especially the opening shot - is incredible.

i love horses and admire hand drawn animation, so i expected nothing short of amazement from dreamworks new animated picture spirit: stallion of the cimarron. i guess you could say i was a little bit disappointed. you have wonderful animation and at first what seems like a perfect story. a story about absolutely nothing but a horse in nature. the animals don't sing cute songs or even talk -- a major plus. sadly, the film has an uncalled for narration by matt damon; a sappy soundtrack by bryan adams; and enough action scenes to compare it to a jerry bruckheimer production. if the film makers would have just stayed with simplicity, we'd have a masterpiece here. this is not a great film, but it is good entertainment for small children. i would recommend this film to families because it has its heart in the right place and its the only thing out there right now that isn't offensive to small children. not bad, but could have been much better. very pretty visuals though.

while i had wanted to se this film since the first time i watched the trailer, i was in for a deep surprise with this film. while some of the elements and actions of the characters seemed a little too cartoonish,' the dark nature of the film really makes this a much different experience. instead of the feel-good-happy-story, this film takes you in another direction that proves to be uplifting, but also disturbing. most kids won't understand some of the darker moments in the film, which makes this film rather watchable for adults. i was also impressed with the cinematography, using animation and digital animation to create a seamless network of pans and tilts. the musical score was once again solid, proving hans zimmer is the go-to guy when it comes to animated scores, and i never thought i would say i actually enjoyed brian adams' music.

this animated movie is a masterpiece! the narration, music, animation, and storyline where all remarkable. my girlfriend and i saw it again for a second time and we got more insight from it. we invited a couple friends to see spirit with us and they really enjoyed it a lot. when i asked them to come along to see it, they thought it was a movie about horses, but afterwards they realized it was more than that. i liked esperanza, spirit, rain, and lil' creek, who reminds me of nathan chasing horse who is smiles a lot in dances with wolves. spirit has deep symbolic meanings and metaphors that i found to be empowering and inspirational.i saw spirit for a third time and i want to go see it again. i enjoyed "spirit" tremendously because its portrayal of american indians is realistic, dignified, and non-stereotypical unlike the movie "the road to el dorado", which was a total farce because it portrayed american indians in a disrespectful and stereotypical way. but dreamworks has redeemed themselves by making spirit a great movie that i found to be acceptable! i hope they continue to make more animated movies like spirit, and i would like to see sequels or spinoffs to spirit if its done respectfully and without stereotyping american indians.i highly recommend this to others who have an open mind to go and pay to see spirit: stallion of the cimarron.

this is a wonderful movie in a lot of ways. everyone in my family enjoyed it. the animation is excellent and easily demonstrates that there are plenty of producers who create films that are as visually brilliant as anything that comes from the disney studio.one difference from the normal disney fare is that this dreamworks movie does not feature some wise-cracking side kick for comedy relief. and, there are no sudden moments where the characters break into song. i am sure that a scene at the beginning of the film would not appear in a disney picture: the birth of spirit. but it is done tastefully and is not offensive at all. "spirit" was a great breath of fresh air. don't get me wrong. i have loved disney for years and will continue to do so. "spirit" is another example of great animated fare. as soon as it was over, my kids wanted to watch it again. i had the same feeling. i thoroughly recommend it.

this is one of the most calming, relaxing, and beautifully made animation films i've ever seen. with beautiful music throughout the movie, the sounds and music can make you feel like you're in the movie! this movie is not just great for kids, but adults too. it teaches you lessons, such as never forget who you are, you can do whatever you stick your mind to, and to brave and daring. this movie can make you cry at times too, which is always a nice touch in movies. this movie is funny, sad, cute, and keeps you on the edge of your seat! some movies really give you a fuzzy feeling after you see them, and the movie "spirit" is definitely one of them! with my vote of 9/10 stars for animation, music, and a wonderful idea for a movie, it gave me a whole lot of spirit!

this movie was highly entertaining. the soundtrack (bian adams) is simply beautiful and inspiring. even more impressive is brian adams doing all the songs in french as well. the score is also uplifting and dramatic.the movie is made from a mix of traditional animation, combined with computer generated images. the result is truly stunning. i watch this film at least once a week with my kids and we never tire of it. the story is compelling and well narrated.i don't understand anyone who would rank this movie less than a 7. definately a keeper in my household.

i recently watched spirit and enjoyed it very much, i've seen it about 4 times now on hbo and will buy the dvd. those who gave negative reviews would probably think that `vanishing point' was just another car chase movie and `thelma & louise' was just another chick flick. although the conclusions of those films are darker i feel the themes are somewhat related; that freedom and individualism are very important and that there is usually someone wanting to take it away from you. the other common trait of these movies is the caring, thoughtful `guardian angel' types who help the main characters to overcome adversity.another review here mentions how this film relates to the theme of civilization invading someone else's home. all one has to do is look around at the dwindling open areas around us to see that.i thought the animation and the story were amazing, the animators really got the horses to look, act and move naturally. spirit's emotions were very clear as the story progressed (yes i'm aware they do humanize the horses a bit, but this is fiction). in a couple of action scenes you feel caught in the current of the rapids and the heat from a forest fire. in other more quiet scenes (which are most of the time) you're allowed to savor the backgrounds. one of the big things that make the story really work is by not going the talking, singing animals route. doing so would take away from the story's power. instead the flow of the story is told by occasional narration by the main character, further punch is added by the fantastic soundtrack. another plus is that they weren't afraid to give the story somewhat of a dark side (which really made this film watchable to me). this isn't prevalent through the entire movie though, and the conclusion is fitting and uplifting without being sappy.those who appreciate horses will really like this movie, but i think it's a bit more than a horse movie. i don't feel this would be a good movie to take children to if they're brought up on the inane fare that's offered up today. but if they're the thoughtful sort that can handle compelling stories like the lord of the rings and black beauty they'll likely love this movie. hell, i'm 35 years old and still love that stuff.

this was a great movie with a good story. my children (10, 7, 5, and 4) all loved this movie, including myself. the music was also fantastic. no, the horses do not talk, but instead, the story is told by spirit. and to hear a story told by a horse's point if view was fun.i think the title says it all, "spirit". this movie really gives you a sense of family and home and friends. i would have to say my 4 year old boy and 5 year old girl were really touched by this movie, and even got so into it, they laughed so hard, and they cheered for spirit in the end. enjoy "spirit" with your family and have your spirit lifted with this heartwarming story. your kids will love it. i think you will too.

i thought this movie would be dumb, but i really liked it. people i know hate it because spirit was the only horse that talked. well, so what? the songs were good, and the horses didn't need to talk to seem human. i wouldn't care to own the movie, and i would love to see it again. 8/10

spirit: stallion of the cimarron is an overall wonderful movie. the blending of animation types is unique, the storyline is amazing, and the music is wonderful.the drawn animation is a special thing about many animations. how they expressed the characters, especially the horses, through their animation are spectacular especially. while the way horses communicate through body language is easy to understand, many young children and people who haven't studied horses might not understand. without words, i would imagine it would have to be challenging to express them through the features. because of this, i understand the 'eyebrow' they added to the horses (while real horses don't have those thick lines). one of the few things i noticed about horse habits that might have been portrayed strangely is that spirit lead his mother's herd. in wild horse herds, the lead stallion usually chases the young colts out.also, while some people might think portraying the white army officers as the 'bad guys' is stereotyping, think of all the movies in which the native americans have been portrayed as that. sometimes back then; they did treat mustangs very poorly. for example, in real history, the appaloosa breed was almost wiped out due to the army officers. imagine what would have happened to one of the worlds best loved riding breeds if the native americans had not saved them.i think it's amazing how the realism wasn't subtracted by making the horses talk to each other. spirit's feelings were expressed by a little bit of narration, but mostly through the music (by bryan adams). the songs express the story really well, and hans zimmer and bryan adams did a great job telling the story through melodies and lyrics.the emotion i got when watching the movie, whether the first time or the twentieth (yes, i've watched it that much), you wouldn't believe. some of the scenes take your breath away, while others seem to force tears into your eyes. the opening sequence, showing spirit's homeland, puts you right into the spectacular action right away.i don't understand at all why some people are so hateful of this brilliant movie. overall, i rate it a 10/10 - a must watch.

i began riding horses fairly recently, and, as anyone who has ever ridden should know, i fell in love with horses and their world. i rented spirit on a whim, just trying to pack my life full of as much horse related material as i could, and i was surprised by the results.what i expected was a feel-good disneyesque movie with talking animals and stereotypes every five minutes.what i got was an amazing film, filled with beautiful scenery and animation, and an amazing storyline that has the great potential to warm one's heart.spirit is a wild mustang in the old west, whose entire world is brought crumbling down around him when he discovers the humans slowly taking over his homeland. the story unfolds with a wide array of characters, some human, some animals, all are well written and most are pleasant to watch on screen.i would recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys a good story, and who has an appreciation for history and animals.one thing i forgot to mention, but that i feel is important, is that the animals in this film do not talk. this was a really nice vacation from the lady and the tramp animated movies that everyone today is used to.

i really dislike both shrek films. (since their both "pg" and have words in them i would never say myself, so i disliked them.)but when it comes to "spirit: stallion of the cimarron," which i just barely watched for the first time last month, i became a fan of animated films, other than pixar. ***spoilers ahead*** in "spirit: stallion of the cimarron," a horse foal is born and eventually becomes the leader of his heard. one night, he sees a strange light in the distance, and he sets off toward it. this action eventually leads to his capture, and several more things. throughout the movie, we hear a narration. it's through the thoughts of spirit, though the horses never talk. this is what makes the movie so goo. they (the movie makers) recored real horses to do the sounds the horses made; none of those sounds were made by humans.spirit meets rain, a beautiful mare, and little creek, a native-american, who owns rain. little creek later frees spirit and rain, they go running home.i have never been a big fan of brian adams, but i intend to buy the soundtrack to this film in the near future. watch this film, and you won't regret it. my score: 10/10

i liked this movie a lot. the animation was well done and the romance was cute. i liked most of bryan adams' songs and the hans zimmer score was excellent. what a lot of people don't realize is how well it relates to the heart of darkness/apocalypse now themes (what happens when so-called "civilization" invades someone elses home, what does it mean to be "civilized" etc.). the opening scenery and music were very stirring. the film is a lament to an america that was once beautiful.

the horse is indeed a fine animal. picturesque depictions of wild horses and their grace could never have been more majestic in an animation flick.the animation is simply stupendous. the fine animation forms the backbone of the beauty that the horses embolden across the flick. more so when the stallion traverses diverse terrain, jumps across cliffs and braves waters. soundtrack too is very impressive. the wonderful instrumental music lures you to appreciate the movie. "they say the story of the west was written from the saddle of a horse . " huh? well ,the story of a fine horse sure was written from the saddle of the west .all in all, this movie is clearly up there with the best .it is one of the best animation flicks i have watched. would be a very fine choice on a lonely night. an easy 9/10.

well, what can i say, this movie really got to me, it's not so bad, as many say, i really loved it, although the idea seems so simple, and rather boring, it isn't. first of all i enjoyed the soundtrack (bryan adams), it really goes with the movie. second the simple story, and the drama of spirit gets your attention. one thing i like the most is that they didn't give the stallion a human voice to interact with the other horses, it makes the movie more realistic, not many animations seem realistic now do they ?, but... i don't know, making animals talk is just so... lame.one of the most beautiful animations of 2002 in my opinion, i recommend it to everyone, not just the kids :), because it is very relaxing.

if only all animation was this great. this film is classic because it is strong is two simple aspects: story and character. the characters in this film are beautifully personified. i felt for all of the characters, and human-animal relationship in the movie works perfectly. the beautiful animation and 3-d computer animation hasn't worked better in any other film. this is a great movie for kids, and for adults who want a classic hero's journey. 8 of 10.

i have probably seen this movie over fifty times by now because of the kids they just cant get enough of spirit. the best thing about the movie i think is that the animals isn't able to talk, this makes the whole movie more honest and makes a better impression on both kids and the adults so 10/10 from the kids and me

in a time when hollywood is making money by showing our weaknesses, despair, crime, drugs, and war, along comes this film which reminds us the concept of the "indomitable spirit". if you are feeling beaten down, this movie will free your mind and set you soaring. we all know how tough life can be, sometime we need to be reminded that persistence and courage will get us through. that's what this film did for me and i hope it will for you.

spirit is a unique and original look at western life from the point of view of a wild horse, and native americans. the film focuses on the friendships and perils that a wild horse, spirit, encounters during his life.very well done in the presentation, using the technology available today to deliver stunning visuals that are breathtaking in their depth and realism.the music is fantastic, with songs by bryan adams, and music by hans zimmer, who also was responsible for the extremely popular music from the 1994 disney hit, the lion king.the story is not very deep but the fact that it isn't quite as in-depth as some movies doesn't in my opinion detract from the film as a whole.an excellent film which i enjoyed immensely, and that is suitable for all the family. not one to be missed. (10/10)

this movie is a perfect portrayal of the nutcracker; the dancing is wonderful, the scenery in the background was excellent, and i loved that floating bed.oh, and the costumes... i particularly loved marzipan's, the tutu was adorable. the special effects were very well done (e.g. the tree, the bed, etc.), and i quite enjoyed the rats. i love how they didn't make them scary, but cute and huggable. except for the king, i suppose.if you're a thoroughly masculine person, you won't enjoy this, but this is a very good movie that's good for all ages - just not all levels of testosterone.but i have a few complaints.firstly, why did they have to put the sugar plum fairy's partner in those terrible tights? it would barely make a difference if he was butt naked! and secondly.. why on earth did they have to make culkin's outfit pink?

those who have given this production such a low rating probably have never seen the celebrated george balanchine production live onstage, or are letting their disdain for the star casting of macaulay culkin influence their judgement. the atlanta ballet was fortunate enough, from the 1960's to the 1980's, to be the first ballet company authorized to stage this production other than the new york city ballet, and i have seen it live onstage several times. i can assure readers that the film is a quite accurate rendering of this production, and that the use of a child with limited dancing abilities in the title role is not a cheap stunt dreamed up to showcase culkin; it was balanchine's idea to use a child in this role, just as it was his idea to use a child for the role of marie. the "heavy" dancing is left to the adults in the story.this is deliberately a stagebound film; in a way, it resembles laurence olivier's "othello". exactly as in that film, the sets of the stage production have been enlarged to the size of a movie soundstage, but not made any less artificial, and the ballet is straightforwardly photographed with discreet closeups, and without the distracting "music video" quick cuts featured in the 1986 overrated maurice sendak-carroll ballard version. there are only two false steps in this 1993 film. one is the addition of distracting and completely unnecessary sound effects (mouse squeaks, the children whispering "ma-gic!" to drosselmeyer,etc.). those sound effects are never heard in any stage production of any "nutcracker", and they have been put in as a cheap concession simply to appease unsophisticated audiences who may not relish the idea of watching a ballet on film.the other false step is macaulay culkin's nutcracker make-up, which looks absolutely ridiculous. when he is on screen as the nutcracker, rather than wearing a huge mask (as is always done when the balanchine production is performed onstage), culkin is actually made up as the toy - he wears what looks like a bald cap, as well as a white wig, whiskers, and a beard. he also has his face rouged up somewhat, and the worst aspect of his make-up is that it is still recognizably his face, amateurishly transformed in a manner similar to ray bolger, jack haley and bert lahr's makeups in "the wizard of oz" (that film's makeup results though, worked spectacularly, as this one's does not). and a comparison with baryshnikov's nutcracker in *his* production shows how wonderfully creative baryshnikov's nutcracker mask was - the "jaws" actually seemed to move whenever baryshnikov tilted his head back.the dancing itself in the macaulay culkin version is excellent, of course, except for culkin himself, whose dancing, as i said, isn't meant to even be spectacular. (the sugar plum fairy and her cavalier are the prominent dancing roles in balanchine's production of "the nutcracker".) the film's colors, though, could be a bit brighter since this is a fantasy. the choreography is also brilliant, and the adaptation of it is so faithful as to include the sequence that features additional music from tchaikovsky's ballet "the sleeping beauty" - as marie sneaks downstairs, falls asleep on the sofa, and dreams that drosselmeyer is "repairing" the broken nutcracker (this sequence was, of course, never included in tchaikovsky's original ballet---it is the only sequence in this production which features music from a work other than "the nutcracker").those who have missed out on this film, or those who despise (or loathe it) should give it a chance, despite its two big drawbacks. it is far better than it seems when one first hears that culkin is in it.

both visually and musically stunning. a treat for both the eye and the ear. the quintessential victorian element of the opening sequences were completely enchanting, helping to create a christmas scene of which dickens himself would have been justifiably proud. technically the production is visually stimulating and the special effects are both imaginatively devised and creatively achieved in a traditional stage setting. the dancing of many of the lead artistes is breathtakingly good. the photography and lighting are first class and the sound recording admirably matches the overall high level of technical skills employed. a great film for all the family at christmas time and a most delightful discovery which will withstand multiple viewing.

as far as i can recall, balanchine's alterations to tchaikovsky's score are as follows:1) the final section of the grossvatertanz (a traditional tune played at the end of a party) is repeated several times to give the children a last dance before their scene is over.2) a violin solo, written for but eliminated from tchaikovsky's score for the sleeping beauty, is interpolated between the end of the party scene and the beginning of the transformation scene. balanchine chose this music because of its melodic relationship to the music for the growing christmas tree that occurs shortly thereafter.3) the solo for the sugar plum fairy's cavalier is eliminated.it seems to me the accusation that balanchine has somehow desecrated tchaikovsky's great score is misplaced.

you know, this movie isn't that great, but, i mean, c'mon, it's about angels helping a baseball team. i find the plot line to be hilarious anyways, this kid's dad says he'll take him back if the angels win the pennant (because he knows they won't) kid prays to his fake god to help the angels win, god helps the whole time (via the angel christopher lloyd, rip) and in the end, his dad doesn't take him back and rides off on his motorcycle right in that kids face. it's hilarious until danny glover adopts it and it's friend.i guess the upside is that the old lady is left alone to die with her stitchin' projects and her stories. the real winner here, though, is god. because later he got a job as a writer for numerous prank shows.as a kids movie, it gets a 7. as a movie about the mysteries of blind, stupid faith, and the nature of "god," it gets a 10.

but how can you stand to mange a baseball team that can't win. for george knox, it is not easy. as the movie opens, roger beaumont (joseph-gordon-levitt) and his best friend j.p (milton davis jr.) are riding on thier bikes around the angels' stadium. when they return to thier foster mother's home, roger is suprised to have a visit from his dad (dermot mulroney). his mom is dead! and when he asks his father when they going to be a family again, he father jokes "i say when the angels win the division championship" so later on, roger and j.p hide in a tree to watch the angels play baseball. when the manger george knox (danny glover) take out his pitcher, the pitcher gets mad and gets into a fight with him, and soon the angels team get into the fightm that gets knox ejected from the game. that night roger makes a prayer, for the angles win the championship. when his foster mother maggie nelson (brenda ficker) agrees that roger and j.p go to a basball, roger sees real angles come on the field and helps the left fielder (matthew mcconaughey) makes a catch, that leaves the manger and the play-by-play man (jay. o sanders) how did he to that. roger learns from the head angel (christopher lloyd) that only he can see the angles, because he was the only that prayed for help. 10/10

with all the "adult" innuendos in todays family movies its nice to see one where you don't have to worry about that and can just sit back and enjoy a family with your kids. yes, this movie might have a few swear-words (there's that time where knox swears, but they don't let you hear the full words), but for the most part this movie is truly as clean as they come (and that's including movies from back in the day). not only that, its very enjoyable, one of my favorites, and just a great clean and fun movie to watch with the family.the only thing i have against this movie is that it is too short and i wish there could be more of some of the memorable parts that are in it, i'm not going to mention them because i don't want any spoilers here.all in all nicely done and a great movie to watch; so go out and get the kids, make some cookies, and watch this movie!

yeah, the archetype of a simple but inspirational movie. the very end when the entire crowd in the stadium gets up and the people raise their hands gives me a chill whenever i see it. that's just brilliant. joseph is wonderful as the lonely and sad kid who has so far been disappointed by anyone and anything in his life. the way he interacts with danny glover and tries to make him believe in the magic and the angels is funny and exhilarating. a very nice family movie with - i concede - a rather corny happy end. but hey, it doesn't really matter, the movie retains its basic quality by the good acting and the inspirational themes.

"angels in the outfield" was originally a 1951 movie from the ted turner library; disney remade it in 1994, this time, using the california angels (now the los angeles angels) as the team (disney used to own this and the anaheim mighty ducks hockey team; also, good use of the words, huh?????).this movie was about a couple of orphaned children who wanted a family. a man promised the boys a family, only if the angels won the pennant. so, he called upon god one night about this. the boy who prayed could see the help coming on the way (and only that boy); for instance, when the first angel had come down, a player hit a ball so hard not only did the bat break, so did the ball!!!!! for much of the post-all star season of 1994, the angels were at the top of the al west (of which my home team the rangers is one and it still is). however, they lost a game because the boy was at court instead of the white sox/angels game (there was no central division in baseball back then, hence chicago being in the west), and no angels were there to help. thus, a new rule was created: no angels can help in championship games. but wait! in the final championship game, the angels won!!!!! it was a miracle indeed!what i liked about this film: this is a good movie. i mean, i prayed every night for the last few years asking for help with school and stuff; look at me now! my work was good!!!!! so for one, this shows that if you believe, god can send his angels down to help you with any troubles that you may have in life. and second, this is a family baseball movie, which is always exciting. this is an old disney movie, too; i've seen this just recently on the new disney channel (blech!!!!!)."angels in the outfield" will change your life forever once you've seen it!!!!!10/10

this movie is perfect for families to watch together. it is a great film and it deserves more credit. the special effects are stunning and spectacular. everyone who has children should share this with theirs.

christopher lloyd is funny and really believable as "al the head angel". this movie is much better than the first, but it has great special effects that the first did not have as well as a much better plot and writing.ok - it was written for kids, but adults have as much fun as the kids do. tony danza does a very realistic job in his role - but this is not a taxi reunion.danny glover is actually good and even seems to be very human in his emotions as well as showing some real acting talent for a change, a pleasant change.watch at least once - it is worth the effort to catch it.

this movie was one of the best disney movies i've ever seen. great for the entire family to watch. the ideas may be a little far-fetched, but it's a feel-good comedy and the acting is great. love the little boy, j.p. and academy award winner adrien brody's part may have been very short, but very memorable. highly recommended.

one of disney's best films that i can enjoy watching often. you may easily guess the outcome, but who cares? its just plain fun escape for 1 hour forty-two minutes. and after all wasn't movies meant to get away from reality for just a short time anyway? the cast sparkles with delight. -magictrain

one of disney's best films that i can enjoy watching often. you may easily guess the outcome, but who cares? its just plain fun escape for 1 hour forty-two minutes. and after all wasn't movies meant to get away from reality for just a short time anyway? the cast sparkles with delight. -magictrain

great movie and the family will love it!! if kids are bored one day just pop the tape in and you'll be so glad you did!!!~~~rubei luv raven-s!

i happened to catch this movie on cable one afternoon. i have to admit that i've never been a big baseball fan, but i can sometimes get into a good sports-related movie. what i found more interesting was the depiction of the foster family system. as a therapist who has seen both the good and the bad of the community mental health and foster system, i though it was rather refreshing to see a movie that showed both the ups and downs of this system: people jumping from family to family, biological parents not always taking an active involvement, and transitions that can be but heart-wrenching and heart-melting. joseph gordon-levitt and danny glover are the anchor of this film, and both bring very believable performances. maybe it was just my emotional state, but i did find myself shedding a tear at the end of the film.

the quality of this movie is simply unmatched by any baseball title of its time. pam dixon branches out in the film industry to recruit blue-chip prospects and make this work of art a must-see. academy award winners brenda fricker (home alone: lost in new york, a time to kill), ben johnson (the last picture show, red dawn), and adrien brody (the pianist, the village) amplify the atmosphere of the movie, drawing in an anxious audience. however, the dramatic performances are neutralized by quirky radio broadcaster jay o. sanders (jfk, the day after tomorrow).the story is centralized around a foster child, up-and-coming actor joseph gordon-levitt (brick, the lookout). sidekick milton davis jr. delivers a tear-jerking performance as the longtime friend who never knew his parents. the two don't have much, but what they do have: angels' baseball, and what they are seeking: identity. that's when 4-time emmy nominee danny glover (lethal weapon, predator 2) comes in to save the day as frustrated angels manager, george knox. in relation, all characters in the story seem to have the same mission: search within themselves to find out who they really are.depressed over the fact that roger (jgl) is separated from his father, he wishes to god for reunification if the angels can take the pennant. odds are astronomical, but 3-time emmy winner christopher lloyd (back to the future, my favorite martian) comes in as the omniscient overseer to work a little magic (pun). before you know it, al (lloyd) is sitting with roger in the stands, snacking on cracker jacks, and causing some of baseball's biggest boners! dorothy kingsley and george wells' (dk oscar nominee gw oscar winner) 1951 screenplay is done justice under the finger of mastermind william dear (nominated in directors guild of america). he includes a touching side story centered around pitcher mel clark, played by tony danza (4-time golden globe nominee, emmy nominee), who in relation to all other cast members is just trying to find his place in a confused anaheim. clark has been dubbed a wash-up, a once big-name in cinci, but he has something to prove to manager knox.spoiling this nail-biting plot would simply be the equivalent to committing adultery in the 18th century. this one is a diamond in the rough, and it will keep you on the edge of the seat until all come to peace. did i mention a cameo by matthew mcconaughey (a time to kill, we are marshall) for all you ladies out there?

i have to say despite it's reviews angels in the outfield was a pretty good movie. i like the fact how it teaches kids to always have faith and never give up because yes miracles can happen. unlike the other baseball movies this one particular movie stood out because of hits amazing special effects and well orchestrated soundtrack which was very interesting. though i liked this movie it did have some flaws such as some irrelevancy (i.e. towards the end when ray mitchell hits a homer he doesn't step on the plate and therefore that wouldn't be a score. but that's just nitpicking.) i have to say i was really impressed with this movie's presence and moral: just have faith, don't give up.

this movie, while seemingly based off of a movie of the same title in 1951 released by mgm and starring janet leigh, is still a great film. danny glover in one of his best performances brings george knox, a down on his luck baseball manager with a short temper, to life. as for this movie being "stacked", how about adding christopher lloyd (his stage experience works and shows through in his performances on screen, a wonderful actor), joseph gordon-levitt (third rock from the sun), brenda fricker (a charming and well seasoned irish actress), tony danza (yes even he is good in this film), matthew mcconaughey (he stole the show in dazed and confused, and his role may not be as pivotal in this film, but he got exposure), adrien brody (what i said about matthew mcconaughey goes the same for adrien, except the dazed and confused part), some great character actors like taylor negron (david), tony longo (messmer), jay o. sanders (ranch wilder), neal mcdonough (whitt bass) and a seasoned veteran in one of his final performances, ben johnson (hank murphy, the owner of the california angels), and the rest of the cast does a great job, plus a great storyline that is uplifting to pretty much anyone, i don't care what recesses of depression you're in. i loved this film as a kid, and it brings back memories when i watch it today. i need this on dvd. i recommend it to any parent who's looking for something their kids have not seen, and everybody else, for that matter.

one piece of trivia that is often forgotten about this family film is one of business.at the time, in 1994, this movie held the record for the biggest movie premiere in motion picture history (and may continue to hold). it was held in pittsburgh, pennsylvania - no doubt in honor of the original film's "angels" who "haunted" the pittsburgh pirates. in this remake they "haunt" the california angels.anyway, the premiere was held at the long gone three rivers stadium which was the home of the pittsburgh pirates and the pittsburgh steelers at the time (the pirates are now housed in pnc park and the steelers at heinz field). the premiere was held on a movie screen that was five stories in height inside the stadium and held (and may even continue to hold) the record for the largest movie premiere in history, shown to 60,000 fans. danny glover, tony danza and christopher lloyd were all in attendance to the admiration of thousands of sports fans.

this film was pretty good. i am not too big a fan of baseball, but this is a movie that was made to help understand the meaning of love, determination, heart, etc.danny glover, joseph gordon-levitt, brenda fricker, christopher lloyd, tony danza, and milton davis jr. are brought in with a variety of talented actors and understanding of the sport. the plot was believable, and i love the message. william dear and the guys put together a great movie.most sports films revolve around true stories or events, and they often do not work well. but this film hits a 10 on the perfectness scale, even though there were a few minor mistakes here and there.10/10

this was a top-notch movie with a top-notch cast. danny glover, tony danza, joseph gordon-levitt, and especially christopher lloyed are well-cast in this charming movie about real-life angels helping the angels baseball team. you never know, it could happen. i loved lloyd's role in it. he was hilarious. the story is about turning your life around, as the kid's belief in angels helped turn around angry, hardened, and embittered manager glover see the best in people. the movie was well made and also about seeing the best in people and reaching your dreams. it was funny, charming, touching, and sad, all very nicely done. you will like (or love) it. i guarantee.*** out of ****

i saw this film on tv many years ago and i saw this film when i got this on tape. i thought that this was reasonably well done. it was not the best of all movies, but it was good enough. the movie has enough talent to inspire many people, especially younger kids. the acting was good, with danny glover leading the cast. the plot line was not very believable, but the script was well written. this movie can also be the interest of avid baseball fans. it does not directly apply to a action-packed sports movie. it directly applies to a nice film that you can watch with your family and learn some messages that are hidden in this film. overall, the film was good, but not great. i give this a movie a 7/10.

i think this is a lovely family movie. there are plenty of hilarious scenes and heart-warming moments to be had throughout the movie. the actors are great and the effects well executed throughout. danny glover plays george knox who manages the terrible baseball team 'the angels' and is great throughout the film. also fantastic are the young actors joseph gordon-levitt and milton davis jr. christopher lloyd is good as al 'the angel' and the effects are great in this top notch disney movie. a touching and heart-warming movie which everyone should enjoy.

at first you think another disney movie, it might be good, but it's a kids movie. but when you watch it, you can't help but enjoy it. all ages will love this movie. i first saw this movie when i was 10 and now 8 years later i still love it! danny glover is superb and could not play the part any better. christopher lloyd is hilarious and is perfect for the part. tony danza is so believable as mel clark. you can't help, but to enjoy this movie! i give it a 10/10!

although i don't usually go for relentlessly heartwarming fare like this, i happened to catch the 1994 version of angels in the outfield (aito) on cable one saturday morning just as it was starting. being an adrien brody fan, i was curious to see what brody was like as a youth of 21 (20 when he filmed it, i suppose) in this early role as danny hemmerling, utility infielder for the california angels (in the 1951 original, the hard-luck baseball team was the pittsburgh pirates. the name change is a nice touch, since it turns the title into wordplay). i decided to give the flick a chance, and it turned out to be a pretty painless, even amiable experience, with a decent balance of laughs, tears, sweetness, and baseball-based excitement. also, my 7-year-old daughter liked the angel effects! :-) directed by mike nesmith's frequent collaborator william dear, aito is the story of roger (joseph gordon-levitt), a foster child who prays real hard after his ne'er-do-well dad (the convincingly sleazy dermot mulroney) sarcastically says they'll be a family again once the last-place california angels win the pennant. soon roger starts seeing real angels at the angels' games, led by christopher lloyd, whose usual zany, eccentric irreverence keeps aito from plummeting irretrievably into the schmaltz zone. crusty manager george knox (danny glover in world-weary, exasperated mode) is a hard sell, but once the team starts winning, he believes roger's angel sightings, and soon knox has roger and his cute li'l pal and fellow foster kid j.p. (the adorable milton davis jr.) at every angels game for good luck. knox even starts toning down his own temperamental outbursts and profane language, as much to appease the angels as for the kids' sake, resulting in a funny bit when he starts dressing down an umpire in his usual way but starts editing himself as he goes along. predictable obstacles ensue, such as obnoxious sportcaster ranch wilder (jay o. sanders) trying to make trouble for knox because of the angel angle. sure, it all works out fine for our heroes in the end, but they're so darn amiable you don't mind! :-) baby-faced brody has a couple of good lines (i especially like his exchange with glover about the emotional impact of the national anthem at a ballgame) as well as a cute bit where a pretty blonde angel massages his shoulders before he goes up to bat. brody isn't the only future star in aito's lineup: his teammates include matthew mcconaughey and neal mcdonough, and of course, young gordon-levitt went on to co-star in tv's 3rd rock from the sun as well as such films as 10 things i hate about you. the always-amusing taylor negron and oscar winners (but not for this film :-) brenda fricker and ben johnson lend able support. if you're a baseball fan who wants to rent a movie appropriate for the kids and check out some notable young actors before they became stars, aito '94 will do nicely.

i really enjoyed this movie as a young kid. at that age i thought that the silly baseball antics were funny and that the movie was "cool" because of it's about sports. now, several years later, i can look back and see what a well designed movie this was. this movie opened my eyes as a small child to the struggles other children dealt with and real world issues. that kind of exposure is largely lacking in kids movies these days which i don't think is to our society's benefit. sure the baseball antics seem really dumb now, but they drew kids in. no seven year old is going to ask to see a movie about foster children, but they will ask to see a movie about baseball. disney realized this fact and took advantage of it to teach these children an important lesson about the world.as a young adult the performance of al and the other angels seems far less impressive, however i will give credit to the actors playing both children and danny glover who all did a fantastic job.

that was definitely the case with angels in the outfield. it was on tv last night and i believe i hadn't seen the film since my sophomore year in high school and i'm now in my 4th year of college. although the film has many flaws, it is just so touching that you can't help but sit down, watch it, and enjoy yourself. it is also hilarious. danny glover's ranting is just so over the top that you can't help but laugh out loud at him at most time. it adds to the film and i'm sure it's exactly what the director wanted. you actually feel for the characters in the film even though the development isn't the best. a must see. i highly recommend.8/10

i enjoy movies like this for their spirit, no pun intended. its a decent, clean movie about a baseball team that's falling behind, and a young fan wishes for them to win, since his deadbeat dad said that was the only way he'd come back for him. the spirit shines through in two ways: a funny cast with danny glover and a young joseph gordon-levitt, and the heavenly herald al, taking the dynamic form of christopher lloyd. its an energetic movie. it gets you smiling, and really involves you in the sport. therein lies my gripe. the one thing that kinda bugs me is these sports movies that kind of turn you into an unexpecting fan for the team. there's absolutely nothing wrong with that. i just find it odd that i should come away from the movie thinking the angels are a strong, cool team, when really my base loyalty, such as it is, lies with the toronto blue jays. it's interesting, really. if it's just a movie about an underdog kids team, then its okay.

i have always like this great baseball movie! it has a good cast including two tremendous actors and two of my favorites danny glover and christopher lloyd! also in this movie is ben johnson, brenda fricker, big tony longo, tony danza, and matthew mcconaughey! also jay o. sanders and dermot mulroney! the film has great special effects and acting from all of the film's actors! the baseball scenes are all realistic! the music by composer randy edelman is very good and it fits the film very well! some of the actors who reminded me the actual baseball personalities. stoney jackson's ray mitchell character reminded me royce clayton, mcconaughey's character reminded me of steve finley, and jay o. sanders's commentator in my opinion resembled how al hrabosky looks today. this is a fantastic movie for non and baseball fans and i strongly recommend this film!

as a baseball die-hard, this movie goes contrary to what i expect in a sports movie: authentic-looking sports action, believable characters, and an original story line. while "angels in the outfield" fails miserably in the first category, it succeeds beautifully in the latter two. "angels" weaves the story of roger and j.p., two anaheim foster kids in love with baseball but searching for a family, with that of the woebegone angels franchise, struggling to draw fans and win games. pushed by his deadbeat father's promise that they would be a family only when the angels win the pennant, roger asks for some heavenly help, and gets it in the form of diamond-dwelling spirits bent on reversing the franchise's downward spiral. and, when short-fused manager george knox (portrayed by danny glover) begins believing in what roger sees, the team suddenly has hope for turning their season around--and roger and j.p. find something to believe in. glover in particular gives a nice performance, and tony danza, playing a washed-up pitcher, also does well, despite clearly having zero idea of how to pitch out of the windup!

this is a excellent series. you will laugh, you will cry, these wonderful people will be a part of your family. the way this family cares for one another and helps each other through their crisis sets a great example of the way we should live our lives. there are many good things they do, and a number of bad choices, but they never turn their backs on family, they work through problems. michelle, the youngest daughter, is the cutest thing i've seen. stephanie, the middle daughter, suffers with middle child syndrome and with the help of everyone in the family it's better. dj, the oldest daughter, is growing up whether her dad wants it to happen or not. one thing they all share is they miss their mom. danny (dad), joey, and uncle jesse love these kids so much, and it's apparent in every episode.

i don't know if this is a sitcom or not, but i agree that this is one of the greatest television shows ever. it's great that this show still airs. and i love michelle. it's cute on the episodes when she was a baby and she talked, and she sometimes said something funny. aw.this show can relate to children and teens and.. well, families as they struggle through rough times and try to work it out as a family. i don't know who would ever turn down an opportunity to watch this show with someone. i love the episode when i think her name is dd.. the older girl accidentally stole a sweatshirt, and she learned a lesson about stealing. that was a great episode. an example that this tv show shows the family working things out as a family.i recommend this show for everyone.

full house is a great show. i am still today growing up on it. i started watching it when i was 8 and now i am 12 and still watching it. i fell in love with all of the characters, especially stephanie. she is my favorite. she had such a sense of humor. in case there are people on this sight that hardly watch the show, you should because you will get hooked on it. i became hooked on it after the first show i saw, which just happened to be the first episode, in 2002. it really is a good show. i really think that this show should go down to many generations in families. and it's great too because it is an appropriate show for all ages. and for all parents, it teaches kids lessons on how to go on with their life. nothing terrible happens, like violence or swearing. it is just a really great sit-com. i give it 5 out of 5 stars. what do you think? oh and the best time to watch it is when you are home sick from school or even the old office. it will make you feel a lot better. trust me i am hardly home sick but i still know that it will make you feel better. and to everybody that thinks the show is stupid, well that's too bad for you because you won't get as far in life even if you are happy with your life. you really should watch it and you will get hooked on it. i am just telling you what happened to me and everybody else that started watching this awesome show. well i need must go to have some lunch. remember you must start watching full house and soon!

i loved this show growing up and i still watch the first season dvd at age 19 today. what can i say? i grew up in a house much like the one on full house. i had a dad, two sisters, and a dog. i guess the only difference was that i did not live with my uncle and my dad's best friend. also, i grew up with my mom in the house. i don't know what i would have done without full house on television. i think that stephanie (played by jodie sweetin), d.j. (played by kirk cameron's sister candace), and michelle (played by mary-kate and ashley olsen) are my favorite characters. i can relate to each of them because i am the middle child of my family like steph, i am a younger sister like michelle, and i am an older sister like d.j. i really like how the show always has moral values because i don't really like any of the o.c.-like shows today. i like the comedy of full house, too. uncle jesse (john stamos), joey (dave coulier), and danny (bob saget) are hilarious as the girls' uncle, dad's friend, and dad, respectively. the story goes that, after the girls' mom dies, danny's best friend joey and his brother-in-law, jesse move in to help raise the kids. three men trying to raise three young girls=hilarious. each character on full house is full of heart, funny, and genuinely believable. joey is an aspiring comedian with a kid's heart and soul. jesse is the cool, motorcycle riding, tough-guy uncle who is softened by his three nieces, and later, his wife becky (laurie laughlin, from summerville). both kids and adults will love this show. guaranteed.

full house came to me when i was about 9. i remember seeing re-runs of america's funniest home videos with bob saget, and one day my mom told me that he was also in a show called full house. one day, i was lucky enough to catch an episode while visiting family. it didn't seem too interesting at first, but as i watched more and more, ever night at 9:00, i would just be so into it.this show really makes you want to be there yourself, hang out with the girls, go places with them, and maybe even join in their little family "sing-alongs".the thing i like most about full house is that it's a great show for kids and adults of all ages. there will be some parts that are more for adults, then parts that are meant for kids, so that the whole family will enjoy it. no matter how cheesy it can be, it's still a great show, and i would definitely recommend it to anyone.10/10

i think the comments regarding the show being cheesy are a bit too exaggerated. when a person comes to watch a tv show, what does he look out for? it is to enjoy that he watches a show, unless he/she is a critic or a person who analyzes story. but most of us are not so and watch the shows to relax and enjoy. full house is an ideal show to watch after having a heavy day in the office/school. it makes you laugh and it is not just humor.yes, the tanner family is a perfect family, a perfectly hypothetical family. if any such family existed in real world, it would be a role model for us to follow. but this is a tv show, and not a real family, and there is nothing wrong in depicting a hypothetical family on television. the very fact that the show could run so long shows us that people enjoyed watching it, whatever be the comments later on.another good point about the show is that any person of any age would not only enjoy watching it, but would take back a message however childish that message be. those jesse's talks with michelle are extremely touching, if one doesn't think of it as childish.overall i would say after watching every show of full house, there is a contentment in your heart that is rarely present after many other shows.

i grew up watching full house as a child. i stopped watching it for years, but about two weeks ago i started back watching it again. now my kids watch the show and they love to watch it as well. my kids can't believe that dj , on the show, and i are the same age.i really love the show, because it is a show you can watch with your family. it has good teachings your kids can learn from. also there isn't any drugs and violence on it. also when the kids, on the show, have a problem they can always open up to their family for help. that's the message kids should be getting from tv now a days, turn to your family for help, not to drugs. kids should be watching more shows like full house instead of half the mess on tv now a days.i also love the show because it makes you laugh and it is down to earth. it talks about real life problems and family matters. there is always a lesson you can learn from the show.i vote the show a 10.

full house is a wonderful sitcom that is about a dad, danny tanner, whose wife had just died in a car crash. so danny asks his brother in law, jesse katsopolis, and best friend, joey gladstone, to help raise his three girls, donna jo 'dj' tanner, stephanie tanner, and michelle tanner. this is my favorite show ever, and i can watch it all day long. and something on full house is always making me laugh and there are sad parts also. there is never a dull moment in full house. the main characters are played by, bob saget(danny tanner), john stamos(jesse katsopolis), dave coulier(joey gladstone), candace cameron(dj tanner), jodie sweetin(stephanie tanner), and mary-kate & ashley olsen(michelle tanner).

i really did not watch this show as often when i was a child but the first episode i remember ever seeing is the episode where kimmy gibbler pierced stephanie ears. when i started high school back in 2000. i had problems all through out high school and i'd rather not get into that. but i used to always watch saved by the bell but that show really reminded me of the problems i faced at school, and it rarely showed the kids parents. saved by the bell is okay, but not a good family show. a few days after i graduated high school in 2004. i turned the tv to the family channel and day after day i got addicted to full house. i could even push the info button and see the year it came out and i would remember what i was doing during that time period. the episode was about to come on and it was titled "birthday blues" and to this day it is most favorite episode, it's sad, with a happy ending, and you see kimmy gibbler in a way she doesn't act in other episodes, she actually shows her serious side. i have seasons 1,2,3,4,5, and 6 on dvd and i am waiting for 7 and 8. i wished somehow they could have a documentary and some commentaries from the cast members. i don't why some people have a hatred for this show because you don't see trash and violence on this show. and for those who hate this show, i pray for you because you might have grown up in a dysfunctional family where there was no love. but full house in my opinion is a family living in heaven where everyone is happy and good things always happen. and the characters are so awesome. danny tanner reminds me of my mother and grandmother. joey is good natured and is always in a good mood. when i was a child i used to be just like jesse and he is the first actor on tv as a guy that is so obsessed with hair. somehow you can actually tell that dj is a california girl. i really like the episodes with kimmy gibbler because she always makes me smile and brightens my day when i watch her. and stephanie is so cool. also i have a hard time telling the olsen twins apart. i want my kids to watch it one day. but full house is my #1 favorite show and sabrina the teenage witch is my #2 favorite. one day, sometime before i die, i would really like to meet all the cast of full house in person. the first 3 seasons are kinda boring but they start getting better in the 4th season. i just wished they could have made a 9th season. they stopped making full house in 1995 and in the fall of 1996 sabrina the teenage witch came out (which is a similar family show)but full house is a very loving show and they have their good times and bad times, and yes, i understand, if your a wild trashy type person your going to hate this show but this is a show for happiness and it is also moral show. also i would like to say that the first 3 seasons is good kid shows but around the 4th and 5th seasons dj and stephanie become teenagers. also i noticed, not only with full house but a lot of shows, they never talk about the problems in the world and politics, like when full house was on the air during the gulf war in 1991 and during the time of the oklahoma city bombing in 1995, they never mention anything about it. also steve was my favorite dj's boyfriend, the ones with viper and nelson were'nt very interesting. but season 5 and 6 i think are the best. i just wished they would have made a 9th season because, it left a big question mark in my head, because on the last episode in the last minute, dj gets a surprise and goes to her prom with her ex boyfriend steve, i always wondered if they got back together. and i liked how in the final seasons, dj was always the responisible one and stephanie was always wanting to do something daring, like in the episode "stephanie's wild ride"

full house is a great family show. however, after watching some episodes over and over again i've realized that they're incredibly boring and they seem to shelter themselves from the outside world a lot. yes, there is a lot of comedy, but there are times when it's incredibly cheesy. it's not like i hate it, but just don't watch them over and over again because they get old quick. probably the best season is the first.full house is about widower danny tanner(bob saget)and his three daughters d.j. (candace cameron) stephanie (jodie sweetin) and michelle (mary-kate and ashley). when danny's wife dies the he is in need of some help. so, his best friend joey (dave coulier) and the girls' uncle jesse (john stamos) moves in with them. once they live there together they find they can't live without each other. full house reminds you just how important family is and that you can always go home again.

this show is about three little girls. (d.j, stephanie, and michelle) their mother is killed by a drunk driver so their father danny invites his brother-in-law (jesse) and his old friend(joey). so the whole show is about living life. the girls go through life's troubles and have life lessons. they develop crushes, boyfriends, and many more. the whole show is basically about to go with the flow. you do not have to hold grudges you just have to let it go. i think this show is really good and fun to watch. i grew up watching this show and still watch it today. i am glad they still air this show on television. i watch it almost every day. i rate it 10/10.

ok. who brought the cheese. i love it. during it's run it became a phenomenon. the anorexic twins became popular.bob saget started making a paycheck (instead of his really funny stand-up). and people knew who dave coulier was. this is when life was good and simple. this is one of the great american classics. it was humorous and always brought home a good lesson. and this is where i differ from the norm: i liked the last few seasons. like home improvement, when children get older there are a lot more you can do with the script. this is why i dare say...it could have gone much later than it did. but anyway. i gave it an 8/10 because of its wholesome, funny story lines, and because of bob saget!

i love full house so much that i couldn't live without full house. why did it end? it upsets a lot of the fan of it. can we have a full house ii? oh, come on! but it is better that we have those dvd to help us. but i need those real ones to come up with another new episode. love, warmth are filled the house! all the characters are very cute and handsome! candace cameron, mary-kate and ashley olsen, jodie sweetin, bob saget, dave coulier, and john stamos, loooooooove you! dj, michelle, stephanie, danny, joey, and jesse please come back to the screen please! how is michelle after falling down from a horse? how are nicky and alex? is joey alone or is he having a wife or at least a girlfriend? are they still living in the same house? i want to continue the life of full house! and please don't upset me!

i try to watch it everyday most of the time, and even though i have watched it for the past 4 years, i have not seen every episode.the show is about danny tanner who is guy who does news for sports. his wife is killed by a car accident from a drunk driver and he asks jesse, an elvis maniac with a motorcycle and has an obsession of his hair. joey, an adult kid who does comedy and does voices of cartoons all the time to take care of his three girls, donna joe, they call her d.j., stephinie who is the second oldest and michelle, the youngest.they all live under one roof with no one to help them out.later in the show, jesse gets a girl friend and later is married to her and have twins, nicki and alex. (this starts to happen in the new seasons) this show is awesome, if you like the suite life of zack and cody, that's so raven, boy meets world, and designing woman, you will love this. (it starts to get better in the ending seasons) watch it, you will love it!

full house was and still is a great show. it's a good show for people of all ages and is also a good family show. there really aren't any shows like it anymore. the kids are very cute and even though it's a bit cheesy, it's still good, especially for anyone who watched it when they were a kid. i would love to see the cast interviewed now. anyone that would like to see interviews of the cast, kind of like a where are they now type thing for the special features of the dvd, should go to the petition spot website and sign a petition titled full house reunion on dvd as there is a petition for this in hopes that the cast may want to do it. yay for full house!

"full house," in my opinion, is an absolute abc classic! i'm not sure if i've never seen every episode, but i still enjoyed it. one of my favorite episodes is where jesse (john stamos) and rebecca (lori loughlin) get married. if you want to know how what made it so funny, you'd have to have seen it for yourself. it was a two-parter, so you'd have to have seen both parts. another one of my favorite episodes is where jesse, stephanie (jodie sweetin), and michelle (mary kate & ashley olsen) get locked in a gas station on michelle's birthday. you'd also have to have seen it for yourself if you want to know how and why that happened. i have many other ones that i like, too. everyone always gave a good performance, the production design was spectacular, the costumes were well-designed, and the writing was always very strong. in conclusion, even though it can be seen in syndication now, i strongly recommend you catch it just in case it goes off the air for good.

this is how i feel about the show.i started watching the show in reruns in 2001.i enjoy the show but it had too many faults.i hate the michelle & joey characters!stealing story lines from old tv shows. they even stole from "the partirdge family." then in 1 episode "the partridge family" was mentioned.actors playing different roles in different episodes. mtv martha quinn the most notable doing this, especially when she played herself in 1 episode.the michelle character could not take a joke but then they had this little kid act out "revenge" to her sisters for a joke by them on her.story lines that came & went in 1 episode. joey getting the tv show with frankie & annette, never heard from it again after that. danny all of a sudden playing the guitar. 1 episode he is coaching soccer, 1 episode he is coaching softball/baseball. 1 game & you are out huh danny? jesse & joey keep getting jobs really quickly with no experience. only in a tv show.i did like the d.j. & stephanie characters. wish jodie sweetin could have learned from candace cameron bure & had a clean non drug adult life.

this show has a great storyline! it's very believable! a mans wife dies and he cant take care of his children alone so he calls on his brother in law his best friend and many others come later on in the show. such as rebeecca donaldson, ,the lovable yet strong dog comet , nikki and alex who you can find out for yourself (i don't want to spoil it for you) and of coerce kimmy gibler! (the sidekick of dj) but the kids are wonderful too. this is mary kate and ashley first took off! and also you may know candace cameron bure from shows like st.elsewere punky brewster and that's so raven! jodie sweetin plays steph the love able middle child who feels left out. really this is a very good show!

i have never seen a show as good as full house. full house puts all of the newer shows to shame, big time! anyone who has never seen it, which i don't see how it is possible, should see it. it is a great show for anyone of any age. full house will make you laugh, it will make you cry, it will amaze you. true, some people feel that there are some "cheesy" aspects to the show, but, the positive aspects out weigh all of the "cheesy" aspects. full house ran it's first episode on september 22, 1987 entitled "our very first show" and ran it's last episode on may 23, 1995 entitled "michelle rides again part ii".the plot of the show is very believable. danny tanner (bob saget) losses his wife, pam, in an accident involving a drunk driver. danny has his brother in law, jesse katsopolis (john stamos), which is pam's younger brother, and danny also brings in his best friend joey gladstone (dave coulier) to help him raise his three daughters. danny's daughters are named dj (candice cameron-bure), stephanie (jodie sweetin), and michelle (mary-kate and ashley olsen).joey and jesse plan on moving in with danny and his three girls for a few months just to help out and end up living with them for eight years; which is the number of years the show ran for.the following is a short description of some of the characters and the actor/actress who played him/her: john stamos (jesse): john stamos is a great actor. he plays jesse. jesse is a rock star waiting to get his big break. in full house, john stamos does a great job portraying his character. he looked and played music like his idol, elvis presley.bob saget (danny): bob saget is also a great actor. he looses his wife in car accident involving a drunk driver. he has to raise three girls without a having the girl's mother. bob saget does a great job portraying a single parent who works full time and still has time to raise his three girls.dave coulier (joey): one word can describe dave coulier, funny. he is great. playing the character of joey was perfect for him. he does a great job playing the stand-up comedian waiting for his big break.candice cameron-bure (dj): she is a tremendous actress. she plays the oldest sister, dj which is short for donna jo. she is one of the best actresses i have ever seen. her acting ability in full house was very believable.jodie sweetin (stephanie): two simple words can describe jodie sweetin, incredibly amazing! i wish i could say every thing that i would like to say about jodie, but, i would use up the 1,000 word maximum just on her. she got her start in a kids show called mother goose stories and when she came to full house, she blew the audience's and creator's mind. her great looks and absolutely amazing acting ability helped to make the show the success that it was. according to dave coulier, jodie was supposed to be the star of the show. it was supposed to be where she was going to get her big break. jodie, at five years old when the show first aired, could hit every line perfectly. she showed great enthusiasm. most young kids can't do this. as you can probably guess, jodie sweetin (stephanie) is my favorite character in full house.mary-kate and ashley olsen (michelle): great actress. full house is where they got their start. they received the part of michelle because they were the only babies who did not cry while in front of a camera.there are many more cast members that should be recognized. these are the original characters from when the show first went on the air in 1987.the only negative thing that i can say is how full house became the michelle show towards the end. i think it was to focused on her towards the end. especially when i think jodie and candice were much better at acting.full house is a great show for everyone. it can teach you a lot. one of the biggest things it can teach you is that everyone can live a great life even if a tragedy, such as loosing a family member, occurs. full house continues to attract new fans. with all this said, there is only a couple things left to say; full house will never die, and, thank you, the cast of full house, for giving everyone a show that they can enjoy.

i am only 11 years old but i discovered full house when i was about five and watched it constantly until i was seven. then i grew older and figured full house could wait and that i had "more important" things to do. plus there was also the fact that my younger brother who watched it faithfully with me for those two years started to dislike it thinking it too "girly." then i realized every afternoon at five it was on 23 and i once again became addicted to it. full house has made me laugh and cry. it's made me realize how nice it would be if our world was like the world of full house plus a mom. i have heard people say full house is cheesy and unbelievable. but look at the big picture: three girls whose mom was killed by a drunk driver. the sisters fight and get their feelings hurt. the three men who live with the girls can get into bickers at times. what's any more real than that? if anything the show has lifted me up when i'm down and brought me up even higher when i thought i was at the point of complete happiness. i have howled like a hyena at the show and gained a massive obsessiveness over mary kate and ashley olsen. (of course hilary duff has now taken that spot but they were literally the cutest babies i have ever seen. they are great actresses and seem to be very nice people.)

ok, this movie starts out like a cheesy lifetime movie and doesn't get better till almost well through the movie. the script is full of 'cheese' and 'fluff' and cast is not well directed for the most part. for the first half of the movie the little girl grated on my nerves. i do not think this is one of her best acting jobs. the only reason i bought the movie is because it was on sale and had ellen burstyn in it. she's terrific but this is also not one of her best acting gigs. the story is based on true events and that helps the movie. actually, i didn't even like the movie at first and was getting disgusted when i saw stills of the balloon traveling, i mean..let it get where it's suppose to go and be done with it! but all is forgiven by the time it does reach it's destination and the story comes to a close. if this doesn't bring a tear to your eye, nothing will! it's cheesy and predictable but also makes you feel good about the world again.

it is a great movie. i sow that some people think that this might not be based on a true story. no matter this !!, the movie is great, and all u can think is not why a balloon with a mermaid on it ends up flying in the mermaid town and so on, instead thinking that "a little girl's wish came true", and this means that all our peaceful dreams will come true if we trust in us, and do all in this world to make them true. the little girl (desi - in the movie), and her mom, were the best actors i've been seen in a long time. good for they, for all actors, all for the director. if someone can tell them this, please tell them, "a 25 year guy from romania says thank you for making this movie".

i just saw this movie on tv..i've lost my dad when i was young and this movie surely did touch me..i can feel the lost that the little girl desi felt..the feeling of wanting to see her father again..wanting to talk to him..or at least given the chance to say goodbye..and i'm so touched with the letter that was wrote back to her..saying that her father read her letter, and sent it back to someone to reply her and buy her a present because there isn't a shop in heaven..it just lets me feel that miracles do exist..

i didn't know the real events when i sat down to watch this, just the fact that this was based upon a true story. after the death of the kid's father, rhonda tries to help her daughter desiree(... i did not know anyone actually named their offspring that) cope with the loss. this is really made for children, as is often the case with "family" flicks(with that said, go ahead and get everyone together for a viewing, though i'd keep teenagers out of it, unless you're sure they're gonna buy the concept), but it doesn't downplay the sting that the death of a parent is, and it doesn't really talk down to anyone. the plot is sufficiently interesting, and moves along well enough. acting varies, with the excellent burstyn outshining most of her fellow cast, mathis following that pretty well, and ferland and her peers(with a few exceptions) being the least convincing of the bunch(and frankly, they're irritating; then again, i'm not really in the intended audience for this thing). the editing and cinematography are standard, and certainly not less than that. while humor is limited to a handful of amusing lines or so, the tone is not an unpleasant one. there is an intense scene or two in this. i recommend this to fans of these types of movies. 7/10

the little girl desi is so adorable... i cant think of a more beautiful story then this one here. it will make you cry, laugh, and believe. knowing that this was based on a true story just made me gasp and it also made me realize that there are nice people out there. great cast and an overall great movie.

a warm, touching movie that has a fantasy-like quality.ellen burstyn is, as always, superb.samantha mathis has given many great performances, but there is just something about this one will haunt your memory.most of all, you've got to see this amazing 5-yr. old, jodelle ferland. i was so captivated by her presence, i had to buy the movie so i could watch her again and again. she is a miracle of god's creation.judging by the high imdb rating, i'm not the only one who was mesmerized by this young actress.

and look how a true story, "... with a little help of it's friends..." : a welldone and touching script, a good directing and a surprising great acting from a bunch of "no-name" actors, especially from the 4-yr-old jodelle ferland, becomes a must seen movie. 9/10

what an inspiring movie, i laughed, cried and felt love. for a true story,it does give you hope and that miracles do happen. it has a great cast. ellen burstyn, samantha mathis, jodelle ferland(she's 4 or 5yrs. old) what a actress. its on showtime. a must see movie!! :)=

this is just a short comment but i stumbled onto this movie by chance and i loved it. the acting is great, the story is simple and touching, and the lines, especially from the 4-yr-old desi, are so cute and sad. seek it out.

my family and i have viewed this movie often over the years. it is clean, wholesome, heartbreaking and heartwarming. showing us the compassion between two families of two countries thousands of miles apart and by the most uncanny of coincidences, it's almost as if the hand of god had to be intervening.5 yo jodelle micah ferland who plays desi the heart stricken little girl, does a magnificent job of acting her part, and for me she was the priam choice for the lead role.all in all, a 10 out of 10. there are no downsides to this sweet human story. children of all ages will tearfully, then joyfully watch this and it will bring the viewing family together with smiles and good feelings.

what a lovely heart warming television movie. the story tells of a little five year old girl who has lost her daddy and finds it impossible to cope. her mother is also very distressed ..only a miracle can alleviate their unhappiness.which all viewers hope will materialise. samantha mathis is brilliant as the little girl's mum ,as she was as the nanny in" jack and sarah",worth watching if you like both samantha mathis and happy; year tear jerking movies! ellen burstyn is, as, always a delightful grandmother in this tender and magnificently acted movie. jodelle ferland (the little five year old) is charming and a most convincing young actress. the film is based on a true story which makes it so touching."mermaid" is a tribute to the milk of human kindness which is clearly illustrated and clearly is still all around us in this difficult world we live in. "mermaid" gives us all hope ,by realising that there a lot of lovely people in the world with lot's of love to give. james robson glasgow scotland u.k.

what are the odds of a "mermaid" helium balloon traveling from yuba city, ca.(on nov 8th,1993) and landing 4 days later,(on nov. 12) in mermaid, prince edward island, canada.(approx. 4000 miles). this is a great movie. it is based on a true story. this movie helps not only children cope with losses, but older people as well. hope everyone will enjoy it!!! rhonda

this movie has a great message,a impressive cast, ellen burstyn, samantha mathis, jodelle ferland( was 4 years old when she made this movie) ellen burstyn and jodelle ferland have both been nominated for best actress in a tv drama at the up-coming emmy awards in new york, peter masterson-director- has been nominated best director tv drama at the emmy awards also. april 1, 2001, jodelle ferland 'won', best actress in a tv drama, at the young artist awards, in studio city, ca. i can see why they have 3 nominations. mermaid is a true story, during the cridits they have the real family on the set, something you don't see often. you can find mermaid at all blockbuster video stores. do watch it,you'll be glad you did.

if you haven't already seen this movie of mary-kate and ashley's, then all i can say is: "what are you waiting for!?". this is yet another terrific and wonderful movie by the fraternal twins that we all know and love so much! it's fun, romantic, exciting and absolutely breath-taking (scenery-wise)! of course; as always, mary-kate and ashley are the main scenery here anyway! would any true fan want it any other way? of course not! anyway; it's a great movie in every sense of the word, so if you haven't already seen it then you just have to now! i mean right now too! so what are you waiting for? i promise that you won't be disappointed! sincerely, rick morris

this movie is the best movie ever it has a lot of live action it's just great everyone should watch it and the actor are great the location is rome italy thats the best place ever the actors are great mary-kate olsen is such a great actress she plays charlie and thats a great character and ashley olsen play leila and thats a great character to love when in rome love it.

i always feel strange and guilty saying it (because i'm a fairly well-educated non-teenager), but i actually sort of like the olsen twins, and i respect the movies they make, even though i've never really been their target audience. "when in rome" was a traditional mary-kate and ashley movie, complete with the foreign travel, accents, motorbikes, adult romance as a "b" storyline, fashion orientation, and even the gag reel over the credits. i enjoyed myself. "when in rome" and the other olsen twin movies never pretend to be anything they're not; most of the time, they only premiere on video, and they never claim to be the next "citizen kane" or even "an affair to remember." my point is, people who watch this movie and expect it to be anything other than another olsen twin movie will be disappointed.that said, those who are fans of the olsen twins will really enjoy themselves. for those of us who've watched them since the first episodes of "full house," it's really great to see them growing into more mature roles. this movie provides important historical and geographical information, just like many of their other movies (remember 10 downing street from "winning london" and the visit to the louvre from "passport to paris"?) as well as providing good, clean fun that can be enjoyed by the whole family.as long as i still feel like i'm on my soapbox, and as long as i can make it relevant to the movie, let me take a moment to challenge those who reject the olsen twins: in order to be a fan of the olsen twins, you don't have to be some pre-teen "valley girl" from california. in fact, that's not really the target audience. if it were, the mk&a fashion line of clothes and accessories would be run through gap or some store like that, not wal-mart. "when in rome," while it does feature "high fashion" and globe-trotting and two girls from a valley in cali, isn't really about that... it's more about inspiring young girls who have initiative to let it take them places. if that means setting the movie in some glamorous foreign city with cute guys on motorbikes, so be it. that's called marketing--you take an idea and sell it by making it appealing. at least they're sending a good message, even if the means seem a little superficial. basically, don't knock the film until you've seen it, and then don't knock it until you've tried to understand what the olsen twins do: they encourage young girls to be creative, intuitive, and driven young women. this movie does that, i think, just like their others. kids - enjoy. parents - do the same. if you like the olsen twins, you won't be disappointed.

preston waters is off to a bad summer. besides his birthday coming up, nothing else looks promising.first he has to share his own room with his brothers who are going to run a business. they can't do it in their rooms because they don't have enough space. off to a birthday party he only gets $6 tokens while others get $32, $35, and even $50. when one of his birthday cards comes early, he only gets a check made out for $11.going to the bank he learns he needs $200 at least to start an account. leaving the bank, a bully steals the check. pursuing after the kid nearly gets him run over (definately his bike gets ruined) by a criminal named quigley (played by miguel ferrer). quigley's just come from the bank too from giving the owner $1,000,000 to give to this guy tomorrow. quigley starts to write a check for the damage, but only succeeds in writing his name before a police car circles the area. afraid, he gives preston the check, informs him to give it to his dad to finish out.that evening though, preston tells his dad that he doesn't want a new bike, he wants his own room back, better yet his own house. his father confines him to his room for the rest of the evening. moping in his room preston figures things can't get any worse he realizes that he forgot about the check as it's still in his shirt pocket. it's blank.using the computer and after careful consideration, he makes it out for $1,000,000. the next day, while trying to cash it at the bank he's taken to the owner who thinks he's the person he's supposed to give the $1,000,000 and does. he's not though as the real person named juice comes in a moment later.now the three have to track preston down.meanwhile, preston has fun buying all sorts of stuff including his own house and even going on dates with a disguised bank lady who's really and fbi agent (who's trying to track the 3 bad guys down). he makes this person up named mr. macintosh who he works for and even plans a party for him on his birthday.but eventually things catch up (the money runs out, the bad guys get him).overall, a pretty funny flick. miguel ferrer plays his role very good. if you enjoyed him in another stakeout, you'll love him here. he does all sorts of wicked crazy things.rick ducommun (the stressed out boss from ghost in the machine) plays a wonderful friendly chauffeur in this movie.

first of all the movie, is an ingenious work of art(movie). the plot was filled with surprises, a little kid pretends to be a grown up inherits one million dollars and how he spends it. i mean how whacked out is this. walt disney really outdid themselves this time. the comedy is most of the times expected but the other times unexpected. i mean was this movie ok or was this movie ok. it also teaches a lot about wise youths and i this kid is really wise and a bit time smart pants. but also it sucks. how the heck could a guy like that kid get a hot police babe and his dad let him go free. that's like let a killer get bailed free for ten years. if i were to do that i'd get beaten with a 'suble jack'(a huge stick that stings when used to bench your butts really hard). that kid is really lucky. back to the story. the movie makers really knew what they were doing when they made this movie but still it's not perfect. the acting was good and bad. the kid and woman had no chemistry neither did the father but the bros were excellent'. the special effects on the other hand was lame. plus this movie isn't based on reality. i hated and loved it at the same time.

yeah, i remember this one! many years since i actually watched it. the story was entirely surreal, but nonetheless great! what anyone who rates and reviews movies ought to bear in mind is what the respective movie aims at. it's the same with "first kid", which follows a similar pattern. certain movies - like this one here - just aim at plain and comical nonsense. such movies can't be rated from the point of view of a hypercritical reviewer. of course these movies lack quality, lack a sophisticated storyline, very often lack first-class acting, but if they do fulfil their primary premise - that's okay. i don't have this movie here on my list of all-time favorites, but i still thought it was funny, had some very enjoyable sequences and made a good story. brian bonsall is a smart actor anyway.

this is a good movie. something fun about watching money be blown at a super rate, especially from a kid's point of view. take it for what it is, a fun little movie about a kid's dream coming true, and what a kid might do with $1 million dollars. don't like it, don't watch it. they make movies for the watchers, not the people that have nothing better to do then complain in their lives.

preston waters, a 11 years old boy,has problems with his parents and brothers specially because of money issues. he is crazy to have his own house and his own rules,since his brothers always stole his saved money and his parents neglect his wishes. one awful day, preston was riding his bicycle; it was the same day that the villain of the story,quigley, was trying to scape from the police and accidentally ran the car over preston's bike. needing to be far away from the police, quigley gives in a hurry, a check to cover the damages of preston's bike. the problem was: it was a blank check! preston is a clever boy and decides to have a high price on that check: 1 million dollars! all that money gives preston things that he always wished for, like a mansion with pool,lots of toys, and even a limousine! the problems start to begin when the fbi and quigley wants to know where the money is, making preston in a hard situation and facing many problems.this movie was one of my favorites during my childhood. :)

rko had a reputation for making folksy, homespun pieces of americana.anne shirley (as dawn o'day) had been in films since she was a toddler. by 1933 she was in limbo - having played ann dvorak as a child in "three on a match" (1932) and a "flower girl" in both "this side of heaven" and "the key" both in 1934. george nicholls jnr remembered anne's work from a previous film and that's how she got this part. she also adopted anne shirley as her stage name. the memorable stories are there - lady of shallot in a leaky boat, the "stolen" brooch, the "red hair" incident. anne was so right for the role of the chatty, heartwarming orphan. she was heartbreaking in her intensity, her eagerness to please and also her fiery temper. o.p. heggie was wonderful as the understanding matthew cuthbert and helen westley was fine as the firm marilla. tom brown was an excellent gilbert blythe. gertrude messinger, who had also been in films as a small child was fine as diana barry. sara haden proved she could play someone other than aunt millie in the andy hardy series, was mrs. barry.

in "anne of green gables" (1934), marilla cuthbert (helen westley) and matthew cuthbert (o.p. heggie), middle-aged siblings who live together at green gables, a farm in avonlea, on prince edward island, decide to adopt a boy from distant orphanage to help on their farm. but the orphan sent to them is a precocious girl of 14 named anne shirley (dawn evelyn paris-a veteran of disney's series of "alice" shorts who later would adopt her character's name). anne was only 11 in lucy maude montgomery's source novel but the same actress could not credibly go from 11 to college age during the course of the story. the movie suffers somewhat from this concession, as many of anne's reactions and much of what she says are more entertaining coming from an eleven-year-old that from a teenager. as in the book, anne is bright and quick, eager to please but dissatisfied with her name, her build, her freckles, and her long red hair. being a child of imagination, however, anne takes much joy in life, and adapts quickly to her new family and the environment of prince edward island.in fact anne is the original "teenage drama queen" and the film's screenwriter elected to focus on this aspect of her character. which transformed the basic genre from mildly amusing family drama to comedy. a change that delighted audiences and that continues to frustrate reader purists. since the comedy is very much in the spirit of the montgomery's story i can see no reason to take issue with the changes, but let this serve as fair warning to anyone expecting a totally faithful adaptation. the comedy element is the strength of the film as it is one of the earliest self-reflexive parodies of hollywood conventions. the actress anne shirley was one of hollywood's all- time beauties and the film is in black and white. so much of the amusement is in seeing the title character's endless laments about her appearance and hair color contradicted by what is appearing on the screen. anne regularly regales her no nonsense rural companions with melodramatic lines like: "if you refuse it will be a lifelong sorrow to me". perhaps the funniest moment is when she corrects the spelling of her name on the classroom blackboard. tom brown does a nice job as anne's love interest gilbert blythe and sara haden steals all the scenes in which she appears as the cuthbert's pompous neighbor. then again, what do i know? i'm only a child.

vivacious & irrepressible, anne of green gables brings unlooked-for happiness into the lives of a lonely old sister & brother on prince edward island.lucy maud montgomery's well-loved novel comes to life in this wonderful little movie. excellent production values, a literate script and first class performances gives the story exactly the touch of quality it deserves.taking her professional name from the character she portrayed, actress anne shirley is a joy as the red-headed fourteen-year-old orphan who completely alters the lives of her new guardians. completely assured in her starring role, miss shirley is a delight, entertaining the viewer with anne's boundless imagination, quick temper and not-so-secret sorrows.playing the stern spinster who gives the girl a home, helen westley also completely commands her role; the viewer will enjoy seeing this sharp-tongued woman slowly unbend to anne's affection and child-like innocence. australian character actor o. p. heggie gives one of his finest performances as westley's shy, gentle brother who welcomes anne into his heart from the moment he arrives to fetch her from the railroad station.tom brown most agreeably plays the schoolboy who quickly grabs anne's attention. sara haden is appropriately prickly as a nosy neighbor. charley grapewin makes the most of his few moments as avonlea's doctor.

never viewed this film and consider it a great classic with great veteran actors. in the period that this film was made, people in america were different, there was no tv or all the modern things we have today, except the radio and the starting out of great films being made in hollywood. sweet innocent tales of young romance between a young girl or guy was viewed differently than it is today. ann shirley,"murder my sweet",'44 played a young orphan gal who was called carrot top because of her red hair and found herself being taken into a home of two elderly folks, who were like two wise owls and watched over ann shirley. it was a small town and everyone knew everyone and if anything happened, the entire town found out about it within minutes. it is a down to earth film with nice decent people trying to help each other in a very very simple way of living. today, it seems very corn ball and stupid, but believe me, this was the way people were in america during the 1920'. & 30's and they were a great generation that loved good family films.

overall the film is ok. i think it's better than sepet and much better than gubra in term of its story, its sentimental value.there are a few scenes that makes me touched. yes i agree that the boy (mukhsin) did his acting very good. brilliant. i can say that his acting is almost natural.however, the song 'ne me quitte pas' by nina simone really "'menaikkan' my 'bulu' 'roma' ".i love the song. both the song. "ne me quitte pas" and "hujan". i just downloaded the song. beautiful.and salute to yasmin. the movie's ending credit makes me touched again. we can see how yasmin really appreciated her parents in an unique way.i think the movie deserves that grand prix of international jury at berlin film festival.i give 8.5 out of 1o stars.

everyone has a first love, and though it is hard to define that feeling when you're younger, it is there, aching inside you. that is what malaysian filmmaker yasmin ahmad aims to prove in her fourth feature, a movie where that most complex of emotions is recounted in a deceptively simple, straightforward fashion.such an approach is especially convenient in this case, as the love story at the film's core involves two twelve-year olds, and would therefore make any attempts at "deeper" analysis seem contrived and pretentious. that they don't is also testament to the astounding performances given by the leading non-actors, sharifah aryana and mohd syafie naswip. the former plays orked (already seen as an adult character in ahmad's previous picture, gubra), a lively, almost rebellious girl who, perhaps influenced by her "british" upbringing (her mother studied in england), despises playing with dolls, preferring to play violent sports with the boys. then one day she meets mukhsin (naswip), who has come to spend the holidays at his aunt's house, and all of a sudden she changes her habits: goodbye fistfights, hello bike-riding and tree-climbing. but what does this mean? are they just friends, or is something more implied, something neither of them is yet ready to understand, let alone accept?given the young age of the protagonists, answering those questions borders on impossible, and so, like in several "smaller" films (lost in translation comes to mind), there is no real closure, a choice that leaves a bittersweet, but ultimately satisfying aftertaste: the naturalistic, unfiltered acting (especially aryana's) gets to the heart almost immediately, and a strong supporting cast (orked's family most of all) helps keeping the minimalistic narrative fun and seducing. the down-to-earth approach isn't always that effective (the hilarious subplot regarding an adulterous neighbor is dropped way too early), and it is hard to justify the bizarre pulp fiction reference at the start of the feature, but the emotional strength of the teenage romance is enough to make this an interesting piece of independent asian cinema.

the movie starts off in a classroom setting where not surprisingly, our main actress, orked was seen in a chinese language class. later in the film, she was asked on why (by mukhsin) that she was sent to learn mandarin. her answer was simple for a child she is; coz she's already known the malay language well.it's a bit of a romance one may thought of it, but once you've stopped yourself from reading too much critics and go for it, you'll notice the typical elements of malaysia. the movie basically focuses on 10 year old orked who met 12 year old mukhsin in a game of which many would think of it as a boy's game. running out of players, mukhsin (who was new in that village) was forced to allow orked into the game, in which she eagerly showed the male side of her. orked is no such ordinary girl as she depicts more of the male behavior as you will see in the movie, defending mukhsin from much violent encounter with her school-bullies, throwing one of the bully's bag out from the school bus window, throwing punches and kicks on mukhsin's brother where after he teased mukhsin and so on and so forth. both were awesome buddies, and stick closer than that, but with a slightest of misunderstanding in which most of us would all respond to in the same way, parted the both of them until the day when mukhsin left town.now the movie depicts the first love between orked and mukhsin, they started out as friends, but slowly evolving into somewhat more of a closer relationship and then towards bgr. you would notice, the changes yasmin made in the movies for each of the main actor and the actress when they go through love. the different character was portrayed with eagerness and mild humor. the scenes were all in random but it depicted so much reality in it that you'd be stuck on the screen for a long time. you will love the movie for what it is, and not because that you want to be patriotic to the local scenes, coz it means much more.as the movie envelopes around the two love birds, it also manages to find its lens towards orked's parents, her mother who was educated in england, speaks very good english and in which, her husband and the caretaker in the house with very much attempt tries to speak back their own kind of english, which was humor all the way indeed. let me just explain to you why humor can be such a prominent thing in this movie. and that explanation or description that you may portray can be given in only one word and that is randomness. often more than not, we don't learn to laugh at ourselves, and when we do, we do it at the expense of others. it is just like what the movie just follow law by jack neo would have mentioned - often when we are ourselves, we don't see the person in us we are, but when only when we are in another person's body, then only would we learn to see who we really are. and that is how humor applies as well, more so than just dignity.the movie was filled with such randomness that the typical facts of our routine lives as we carried it out could be all the way filled with laughter if we want it to be.the other focus of this movie was on how orked's neighbor, a couple in which the husband is no longer loving to his wife, and wanted to find another. pak koboi as what he's nicked after was seen polishing his motorbike daily and would take it out for a ride with his newly found girlfriend. the producer did not fail to show you perhaps why the husband wanted to find another wife. the wife was a real hurler or kpc as we chinese would call it, having interrupting on other people's business and sending her own daughter to tease orked in words only adults would use. after all, what goes around, comes around, and that's probably why bad things kinda want to happen to her. in every time, being nice to people around you won't hurt at all, unless you have an ego to protect, but then again, what's it worth? the movie also centers around mukhsin's brother, hussein who would go out to town everyday until very late at night, smoking, drinking, and also finding 'girls'. he's the total opposite of mukhsin, but that's all perhaps because of family problems. both the brothers were staying with their aunt and the parents were far away from them. i will not reveal more of the story line as it would spoil much of the interest in wanting to find it out for yourself, but the slightest of all elements in which the producer wanted to send a message across to the viewers is the life of us all. she wanted us, me at least to view life from our own perspective when we are not ourselves. movies in a way, take us out from our own body, places us in the character's position, and use our empty mind then to view on the happenings of it. depending on the type and genre of the movie, you will be mesmerized by how a good movie such as this would portray and imply a significant impact on you.

mukhsin is a beautiful movie about a first love story. everyone probably has one, and this is writer-director yasmin ahmad's story of hers, with a boy called mukhsin. we know that her movies have been semi-autobiographical of sorts, having scenes drawn upon her personal experiences, and it is indeed this sharing and translating of these emotions to the big screen, that has her films always exude a warm sincerity and honesty. mukhsin is no different, and probably the most polished ad confident work to date (though i must add, as a personal bias, that sepet still has a special place in my heart).our favourite family is back - pak atan, mak inom, orked and kak yam, though this time, we go back to when orked is age 10. the characters are all younger from the movies we've journeyed with them, from rabun to gubra, and here, sharifah amani's sisters sharifah aryana and sharifah aleya take on the roles of orked and mak inom respectively, which perhaps accounted for their excellent chemistry together on screen, nevermind that their not playing sibling roles. the only constant it seems is kak yam, played by adibah noor, and even pak atan has hair on his head! through mukshin the movie, we come full circle with the characters, and the world that yasmin has introduced us to. we come to learn of and understand the family a little bit more, set in the days when they're still living in their kampung (revisited back in rabun), where orked attends a chinese school, and packs some serious combination of punches (and you wonder about that burst of energy in gubra, well, she had it in her since young!). the perennial tomboy and doted child of the family, she prefers playing with the boys in games, rather than mindless "masak-masak" with the girls, and favourite outings include going with the family to football matches.the arrival of a boy called mukhsin (mohd syafie naswip) to the village provides a cool peer for orked to hang out and do stuff with - cycling through the villages, climbing trees, flying kites. and as what is desired to be explored, the crossing of that line between friendship and romance, both beautiful emotions.mukhsin does have its cheeky moments which liven up the story, and bring about laughter, because some of the incidents, we would have experienced it ourselves, and sometimes serve as a throwback to our own recollection of childhood. in short, those scenes screamed "fun"! we observe the life in a typical kampung, where some neighbours are very nice, while others, the nosy parkers and rumour mongers, spreading ill gossip stemming from envy. there are 2 additional family dynamics seen, one from an immediate neighbour, and the other from mukhsin's own, both of which serve as adequate subplots, and contrast to orked's own.as always, yasmin's movies are filled with excellent music, and for mukhsin, it has something special, the song "hujan" as penned by her father, as well as "ne me quitte pas", aptly used in the movie given that the yasmin's movies to date have been centred around the same characters, the beauty of it is that you can watch them as stand alone, or when watched and pieced together, makes a compelling family drama dealing with separate themes and universal issues like interracial romance, love, and forgiveness. fans will definitely see the many links in mukhsin back to the earlier movies, while new audiences will surely be curious to find out certain whys and significance of recurring characters or events, like that pudgy boy who steals glances at orked.and speaking of whys, parts of mukhsin too is curiously open, which probably is distinctive of yasmin's style, or deliberately left as such. i thought that as a story about childhood, recollected from memory, then there are details which will be left out for sure. and subtly, i felt that mukhsin exhibited this perfectly, with not so detailed details, and the focus on what can be remembered in significant episodes between the two.another highly recommended movie, and a rare one that i feel is suitable for all ages - bring along your kid brother or sister!

i thought that mukhsin has been wonderfully written. its not just about entertainment. there's tonnes of subtle messages that i think yasmin was trying to bring across. and yes, it might be confusing to some of you(especially if you didn't watch sepet and/or gubra for 76 times).i bet u noticed how they use characters from the two movies before right? its really ironic how the characters relate. like the bossy neighbour is that prostitute from gubra. and the chick at the snooker pad turns out to be the religious and wife of the pious man in the future. and i absolutely love the voice-overs. its crude yet awakeningly fresh. like, when they took a shot of the rumah tumpangan gamin signboard, then there was suddenly mukhsin's voice saying 'bismillahhirrahmannirrahim..' (the scene when he climbed the tree).it captured malaysian's attitude(and in some mild way, sniggering at how pathetic it is) portrayed in the character. for example, even the kids can be really sharp tongued(complete with the shrill annoying voice) and simply bad mouth ppl all movie long. and how you can be such a busybody and talk about ppl, when ur own life isn't sorted out. all i can say is, this movie totally reached my expectation if not exceeded it. it kept me glued to the screen, i couldn't even take my eyes off it. not even to make out in the cinema. ha ha.

catscratch is the best thing to come out of nickeloden, including wayne knight. this show doesn't just appeal to maoris and pi's. some people love it, and they're all aussies. at first glimpse i admit it seems a little crude, but it grows enormously on you. also, to correct something that one of the other critics has said in_correct (tv.com) doesn't say "does that mean you're homo now?" he says "does that mean you're homo, owww?" this is his phrase in the show. mr. blik is, i think,the funniest of all like peww-weww's playhousefirstly, i'll admit that the early episode were a bit good. but after a while the episodes became great! and just when the series had found it's surreal, whacky ...nickelodeon cancels it!i know nick is meant for kids, but every once in a while a brilliant show appears that can be enjoyed by teenagers and adults. these shows include mr. bean the animated series, charlie brown, pelswick, rocko's modern life (at times), and invader zim. all of these must have been considered too good, with the exception of catdog, 'cause nick felt the need to cancel them.what i like the famous final episode, where gordon fight a duck.i'd also like to see a dvd, with plenty of audio-commentaries and behind-the-scenes docos, and including the final episode.but of course, what i'd definitely like to see is the show come back on the air. wake up nick!i wish there was a list somewhere on the internet with all the gag closing-credits. that would be great.

i love this show! mr. blick, gordon, and waffle are cats so different from each other, yet they refer to themselves collectively as 'brothers.' i often find myself trying to imitate the tired, sighing accent of their butler, hovis, or even the scottish borough of gordon. there should be more episodes made about human kimberly. the episode about the cats disguising themselves as pre-teen girls to gain admittance to human kimberly's slumber party in order to get their thirsty paws on their favorite drink, rootbeer, is a hilarious classic. we can't drink rootbeer in our house now without either doing the catscratch voices or the hanson brothers from the movie 'slap shot.' future classic. where can i get the first two seasons on dvd??

ok, here is my personal list of top nicktoons shows as in today:1. all grown up/spongebob squarepants2. my life as a teenage robot3. invader zim4. catscratch/rugratsnotice a word with only capital letters? that means this is the nick show i'm going to talk about."catscratch" is basically a simple but great animated comedy about three wealthy cats - mr. blik, gordon, and waffles - who get into weird and really surreal situations, from attempting to join human kimberely's slumber party for root beer to saving a planet of slugs from the evil spaceship. this is one nick show that you will simply have your funny bone tickled sooner or later! the theme song is catchy and memorable. voice actors - including wayne knight from the "seinfield" franchise - brings the characters to fresh life with very quirky personalities. the stories are enjoyable (fans' episodes would be "king of all root beer" and "gordon's lucky claw"). and the humor is all done in some style of earthworm jim. so in conclusion, "catscratch" is one of the nicktoons series, like "invader zim" and "mlaatr", which becomes very, very popular all over the world in just 3 seasons or less.

not since spongebob squarepants have i seen a greater cartoon on tv. the colors are great, the voices could't be better, the characters are so original, great great cartoon. hope nickolodean continues to develop this cartoon. hope the season dvd comes out soon!!! i love cartoons like this and i hope more people tune in to se this great cartoon. it is very hard to find the season dvd, so if somebody finds a store that is selling it please let me know. the only catscratch merchandise available on nick shop is a great lookin shirt, but very very very expensive!!! if you love spongebob; and who doesn''t?; you'll love catscratch too!

a classic series that should be at least repeated or released on dvd.billy toth,after realising he is adopted after the death of his parents,embarks on a journey to find his real parents.after various rites of passage,his search culminates in the discovery that his fathers identity was stolen and used by a human trafficker in europe!if i remember correctly,the series ends on the austrian(?] ski slopes and a cliff top chase resulting in the death of billys fathers betrayer. this series was all filmed on location in various destinations round europe and appeared polished and incredibly well made with some episodes crossing into the realms of film noir and crime thriller.the main arc was often eclipsed by the slices of life that billy went through during his years of toiling to find his mother and fathers secrets.a class act but underrated and forgotten.

what a relief to find out i am not imagining this programme! the summary from taxman is great. i too remember finding it haunting and not particularly family viewing, i must have been 10/11 at the time i watched it. i think for a girl that age part of attraction was lead's very blond hair, and his permanently sad state. the theme was played on a flute i recall - although i cannot remember how it went. i think the intro showed him playing it - or maybe he played a flute in the programme and especially when he was sad? maybe i am destined never to know how it ended or to see clip or hear the tune, but at least i now know it is not just me.

barriers seems to be one of those series that have been lost in the mists of time. after it's transmission in the early 80s and one repeat, it's since sunk without trace. this is a crying shame.i originally watched this when it was transmitted in the southern tv region on sunday afternoons and was classic tea-time viewing. although i don't remember a great deal about the program, a few things stuck in my mind. most notable were the unforgettable titles. the mournful flute music accompanying the attempted escape across an east european border and the subsequent car crash (and that scene has left me with an abiding love of 'fintail' mercedes models as they used a merc 200). although it wasn't obvious at the start, the solution to the series' mystery was in these titles.the plot about a young music student trying to unravel what really happened when he discovers he was adopted had lots of twists and turns but barriers was a surprisingly 'adult' children's drama. benedict taylor was excellent as billy and it was a shame he didn't do a lot more.this was a quality drama, well overdue for a dvd release and i hope i'll get the chance to re-acquaint myself with it in the future.a fond memory from my childhood

the man who directed 'the third man' also directed the 'who will buy' sequence in "oliver!" now that is talent.i raise my hat to carol reed.i know there are 'second units' involved, but still ...and he had to deal with orson welles and oliver reed ...i suppose quality will out.(it does show in the final scene with nancy [ avoiding spoiler - everyone has to see oliver! for the first time sometime ].) how many lines do i need to type.encouraging people to type too much is not to be encouraged.i hope this counts as the "10th line".

i really love this movie. i remember one time when i was in 2nd >grade, my teacher showed it to us on a 16mm film reel. this movie, however, can be a little frightening for 2nd graders such as the scene where bill murders nancy and seeing fagin's face for the first time on the screen. one of my relatives is sick of seeing this movie because she studied over it in music class. if i were a teacher and could grade the people who produced this wonderful film, i would give them an a+.

this production of oliver is masterful in showing layers of evil in the human soul. what makes the story remarkable is a brilliantly bright unseen character, who pierces this darkness as he leads an innocent boy through the gravest dangers safely into the hands of his own relative. yea, though oliver walks through the valley of the shadow of death, he fears no evil. a rod and staff are there to comfort him. in the end, he is saved from the dregs of humanity. at the bottom is fagin, the most wicked of the lot. fagin contemplates repenting of his ways not once, but twice, yet declines because he is unwilling to pay the price. fagin is worse than bill sikes, because he raises little pickpockets who become murderers. in the middle is oliver. his innocence is unsullied, but untried as well. the best is nancy. lacking in judgment, she ignores bill sikes' violent nature out of her deep need for love. yet unlike fagin, at the probable cost of her own life, she does repent of her sins by saving oliver from bill. things are not as they seem. in my opinion, this quality is what makes art worthwhile - unpredictability. i would give this film a "10," but its '70's made-for-tv soundtrack and ambiance were distracting. overall, a fine parable and a thoroughly appropriate story for all audiences.

me and my girlfriend, annette, watched this together and we'll both comment.both of us really enjoyed watching this even though it took some liberties with dicken's work. a lot of dicken's works are somewhat dark and dreary (including oliver twist), but this movie changed all that. it was fun, colourful (both visually and musically), and the characters were more lighthearted.travis: normally, i don't care a lot for musical and dance movies, but the tunes in this production were catchy and lively, and the choreography was awesome.annette: that's really saying a lot coming from travis. i can't emphasise enough how really good the dance numbers were. you can tell, for example, that those boys really worked hard getting the routines down to perfection.travis: three actors really stood out imo; nancy (shani w.), bill sykes (oliver reed), and artful dodger (jack wild). man, that oliver reed can really do a good villain. that one scene where you see his eyes thru the mail slot gave me chills down the back...awesome. and that kid jack wild was a perfect artful dodger. and nancy was fantastic (man, i felt bad when she got killed). she can sing too! kudos to the casting department on their choices there. i hated the oliver twist kid tho. he was just too whiny and wimpy for my taste. (i kept wishing bill sikes would drop him off into the mud during the chase scene.) and they shouldn't have had him sing either.annette: acting was truly superb. in addition to the three stars travis mentioned, i felt ron moody (fagin) did a tremendous job. he was so funny, and at the same time lightly sinister too. the supporting actors were great too. harry secombe carried his mr. bumble role extremely well. and he has a wonderful singing voice. i saw mr. secombe perform in another movie entitled "davy" where he played an opera singer with pleasing results. the talented harry secombe should have been in a lot more movies.travis: as i mentioned earlier the story isn't quite true to the book, but imo it was more robust. this movie was not boring either, as some musicals seem to be. and the continuity kept you moving right along with the characters. the tunes did not detract from the plot or put you to sleep by being too long.annette: any musical movie which travis watches completely has to be a rare find. and this one is indeed a rare find. it is a very easy-to-watch production which carries the viewer smoothly and enjoyably through to the end. in a day when movies all seem to be effects combined with pretty faces, this was a refreshing interlude.our combined rating for this was 8.5 of 10. (we'll round up to 9 in this case.).travis: i rated this a 7 mainly because the oliver twist kid (mark l.) irritated me, and his songs were torture to my overly sensitive ears. otherwise, it was an outstanding movie.annette: my rating is a 10. movies don't get much better than this. and you can tell everyone involved in this production really worked hard to make it what it was...a masterpiece.please don't miss this one...even if you normally don't like musicals. it really is a rare treat.

one of the last great musicals of the 60s. i was 7 years old the first time i saw this movie, and it's always been a favorite since then. the musical numbers are all memorable. in the 60s the people who were cast in musicals actually had musical talent (unlike a certain academy award nominated current musical based in a large midwestern city). all of the main roles were beautifully cast...ron moody shines as fagin, as does shani wallis as nancy. oliver reed was a menacing bill sikes (who thankfully has no musical numbers, lol), and mark lester as oliver and jack wild as the dodger were great too. mark lester comes across as an innocent waif, which was what dickens intended when he wrote the book! then, of course there are the dozens of dancers who perform in "consider yourself," "i'd do anything" "who will buy" and "be back soon," many who were children! this is a great show for the whole family.

as a child i always hated being forced to sit through musicals. i never understood why people would break out into song like that, and i was far too young to appreciate the artistry (choreography, set design, costumes, pacing) behind it all. carol reed's "oliver!" was the one musical i remember oddly enjoying as a child, probably because it is one of the darker ones and is appropriately drenched in the spirit of dickensian squalor. this is a musical about ghetto life in victorian london, and while the scenery and set designs are stark, dark, and true to that way of life, it is flat out bizarre for people to be breaking out into such ridiculous songs amidst their misery. upon a recent viewing, my first since childhood, i have some new thoughts and insights into why this musical "works" in that bizarre breaking out into song kind of way, and why most just don't do it for me.when musicals work or really say something, it is because they realize their own inherent strangeness. lars von trier's "dancer in the dark" as tragic and operatic and over reaching as it was, worked as a musical because the musical numbers were the products of the imagination of the protagonist, an immigrant obsessed with hollywood musicals. likewise, the very cynical and enjoyable "chicago" worked on a similar level because the musical numbers were the products of a homicidal ingenue singer/dancer. musicals don't work when they take their own musical-nature too seriously (like in "moulin rouge") or are simply too much fluff about nothing (i.e. something pointless like "mary poppins"). upon viewing "oliver!" for the first time as an adult, i saw it in a new light. told mostly from the point of view young oliver, i saw the musical numbers as the products of his childhood imagination and his way of coping with the horrors of ghetto life around him. the best musical number was probably when nancy got everyone in the tavern signing and dancing about the joys of getting drunk (as a cover to help poor oliver escape the clutches of the evil bill sykes). it was undeniably catchy and sounded like a real pub tune that drunks might start singing around a piano. there are other great and classic tunes to be heard here, and the direction and acting from the leads to the dancing extras are all top notch.still, for all its bleakness (although it does have a happy ending for oliver at least, though certainly things didn't end happily for nancy, and unless you think a life on the streets being a pick-pocket is fun, it wasn't a necessarily a good ending for fagin or the dodger, despite their peppy closing tune) i wouldn't really classify this as a family film, though i don't think showing it to kids over the age of seven or eight will do any harm. this is a harsh tale about an unfortunate orphan trying to survive on the streets and find some happiness. i think it would be very interesting to see a modern update on this some how, perhaps a revisionist take on it, where people on the streets of compton break into happy songs about their horrible lives. i'd like to see a hard-edged hip-hop version of "oliver!". i always thought dickens would translate well in those regards. as it stands, "oliver!" was probably the last of the great film musicals and maybe the strangest g-rated film i've ever seen.

this was my favourite film as a child, and i have been in the stage production a few times so it will always remain my favourite muscical and i doubt anybody could ever re-make the story of oliver twist on screen, any better than this one did.my all-time favourite ''bad guy'' has to be oliver reed as bill sikes. not only did he scare the life out of my when i watched it as a 6 year old, but now as a woman i can empathize more with nancys character, the bar maid/prostitute who helps oliver get the life he deserves.jack wilde as the artful dodger, was fantastic, and i don't think anybody could ever out-do him, as the street-pocket picker, and best friend of fagin. the music is fantastic, especially fagin's numbers, i'm also quite thankful they didn't give bill sikes a musical number, it wouldn't of worked with him being such a sinister character.i think carol reed did an excellent job of nancy's sticky ending, keeping it a g rated movie by disguising her beating, but giving enough away to show the violence of bill towards her. this movie is both charming, and charismatic as a musical sing-along, as well as being a moving drama that follows a young boy as he tries to find where he belongs in life.

i saw this recently on a cable channel. the movie is great; it's one of the few musicals i have seen that doesn't shy away from the light and dark. it portrays some of the splendour of the age along with a lot of the squalor. some of the set piece dance sequences so much is going on, i didn't know where to look next. one day i shall go and see this on the big screen, just so that i see what's happening. but what really lifts this to another level is oliver reed's performance as bill sykes. not only is a thoroughly mean and menacing man but there is something else, some inner demons. he gave me the impression that if you pushed him into a corner, he was capable of anything. it was almost as if the sykes character was on the edge of madness, just awaiting the trigger. i have seen the robert newton's bill sykes from the 1948 movie, and i thought he was 'just' a bad egg, but oliver reed's performance intimidated me in my own living room.

one of the finest musicals made, one that is timeless and is worth seeing time and again. delicious! the acting, especially by ron moody as fagin, is superb. costumes are exquisite....even the shabby ones.the two young lads who play oliver and the artful dodger are wonderfully talented. oliver reed does a great job portraying bill sykes to where you can't help but hope he comes to a terrible end....which he does. the dancing is cleverly choreographed and is mesmerizing. oliver can hold its own with the likes of my fair lady, the sound of music, oklahoma, etc. a film for the entire family.

im not usually a lover of musicals,but if i had to choose what would be my favourite it would definitely be oliver.this film is so well made,the characters are well depicted,the costumes are spot on the acting is good and the songs are great,my favourite being 'reviewing the situation'sung by ron moody who gives a brilliant portrayal of fagin.i wasn't old enough to see oliver when it was released in the late 60s but my sisters were,so for weeks on end i had to put up with them singing the bloody songs,usually it was 'who will buy my wonderful roses'so i already knew all of the songs before i saw the film.its a timeless musical you definitely couldn't remake it,it stands on its own.its not accurate to the book and i don't think it would have worked so well if it had been.i don't think charles dickens would be disappointed,as he wrote oliver to depict the poverty in london,the orphanages,the work houses and about what the poor had to resort to in order to survive,and the film portrays this very well.also another great reason to watch this film is bullseye the old type english bull terrier,notice his long thin legs,this was bred out of the breed many years ago,they must have hunted high and low to find a specimen like him,and he is exactly how an english bull terrier would have looked in victorian times.notice he has scars {which is probably makeup}on his face,bill sykes had probably used him for dog fighting or for the rat pit.a victorian bull terrier had a record amount of kills in a rat pit.his a beautiful dog any way,and notice he disobeys bill sykes after he has killed nancy,he obviously has his standards his not the chunk head bill sykes thought he was.this is a great musical to watch if you like musicals,and if you don't like musicals give it a try any way,there's something for everyone in this film.

a tour deforce! ok the kid that plays oliver is a bit toooooo sweet! starting with the great cinematography, color, costumes and most impressive performances this is a must see movie. i have seen several adaptations of this great novel, but this one stands above them all and its a musical to boot! it is a masterful fagan, never leaving his character to do a song. you never really know if you like him or not, the same feeling i got in the book. in other versions you hate him from start to finish. bill sykes.... when you read the book hes a mean one, and so he is in this movie. oliver reed was masterful. his wife directed this masterpiece. i went and saw his last movie, gladiator based on his many fine performances, not to see the headliners. the music fits the times and the mood. who will buy this beautiful movie? you should!

that movie was awesome! i can't get over it's songs. i think i'm a little too old for musicals, but that movie deserves some credit here, guys! my especial favorite was jack wild. me, being a british actor lover, you can't restrain me from all those nice-looking fresh faced, young men. i never knew that when jack was doing that movie he was sixteen! he looks like an eleven- year old. he's short, that's what helps. try posting up your replies, fellow posters, so i can relate to your experiences. oh, and about oliver reed, that guy, bill sikes, i think that drone look is really familiar. any idea where he's starred in before? if so, post it up, i'd really like to know.

first off, i'd like to make a correction on another review of this film which said that the last musical to win the best picture academy award was 'gigi' in 1958. that is misinformation as 'west side story' won in 1962, 'my fair lady' won in 1965 and 'sound of music' won the year after that. that said, this film is absolutely fantastic! the story from the novel has been somewhat altered, but that's more because of the limitations that they had on a stage that they just didn't change back for a filmed version. however, i don't mind. in fact, i rather think the whole production flows better than the novel does. i like nancy bringing oliver to the bridge with her and being killed there instead of later in the apartment. the subtle things in this film are the ones that make me laugh. i love the moment mr. bumble and mrs. bumble start coming out at the beginning from the governors office. the underscore for that moment is brilliant. my three favorite actors for this film were jack wild, who plays the best dodger in any film version of the story, ron moody, a playful and humorous fagin (this character is worked out much better than he is in the book), and shani wallis, who is the strongest, most distressed version of nancy. the only reason i'm giving this film a 9 instead of a 10 is because of the two big production numbers which are 'concider yourself' and 'who will buy.' i always hate when the choreography in musicals in meant to look like people doing everyday chores and jobs. it looks awful and cheesy, especially when they're dancing at the london meat co. they should've just done regular choreography for these scenes. however, this film is a rare treasure that will stay with us, hopefully, forever.

i admit not being that fond of oliver! as a young child--it's long, and the story is a little slow-moving because of all the musical numbers. as a teenager i discovered that the fun of this movie is the experience itself. rather than thinking of it as an adaptation of oliver twist, think of it as a celebration of the classic story. the adaptation is loose at best, but really, if you're watching a musical, you ain't there for the story.the music is the core of this movie, and an overwhelming majority of it is stellar and very catchy. most or all of the cast was involved in the stage version of the musical, and it shows in their performances--and i consider this a plus. the performances are all in a more "stagey" style of acting typical of much older films, and they are very entertaining. the exception is the kid playing oliver, whose job seemed to be to look cute and stay out of the real performers' way.fagin and the dodger are the real stars of this movie. oliver reed also does a fantastic job maintaining an intimidating screen presence as the menacing bill sykes. even sykes' dog bullseye puts on a good performance.this movie isn't for everyone. people who hate musicals will despise it, as will those who take musicals too seriously. nitpicking over faulty historical details or mistaking exaggerated stage-type acting for bad acting will ruin anyone's enjoyment. just sit back and enjoy the entertainment--it's much better if you remember that, as a musical, it's a fantasy loosely organized around the book, not a strict adaptation.

the great cinematic musicals were made between 1950 and 1970. this twenty year spell can be rightly labelled the “golden era” of the genre. there were musicals prior to that, and there have been musicals since… but the true classics seem invariably to have been made during that period. singin’ in the rain, an american in paris, the band wagon, seven brides for seven brothers, oklahoma, south pacific, the king and i, and many more, stand tall as much cherished products of the age. perhaps the last great musical of the “golden era” is carol reed’s 1968 “oliver”. freely adapted from dickens’ novel, this vibrant musical is a film version of a successful stage production. it is a magnificent film, winner of six oscars, including the best picture award.orphan oliver twist (mark lester) lives a miserable existence in a workhouse, his mother having died moments after giving birth to him. following an incident one meal-time, he is booted out of the workhouse and ends up employed at a funeral parlour. but oliver doesn’t settle particularly well into his new job, and escapes after a few troubled days. he makes the long journey to london where he hopes to seek his fortune. oliver is taken under the wing of a child pickpocket called the artful dodger (jack wild) who in turn works for fagin (ron moody), an elderly crook in charge of a gang of child-thieves. despite the unlawful nature of the job, oliver finds good friends among his new “family”. he also makes the acquaintance of nancy (shani wallis), girlfriend of the cruellest and most feared thief of them all, the menacing bill sikes (oliver reed). after many adventures, oliver discovers his true ancestry and finds that he is actually from a rich and well-to-do background. but his chances of being reunited with his real family are jeopardised when bill sikes forcibly exploits oliver, making him an accomplice in some particularly risky and ambitious robberies.“oliver” is a brilliantly assembled film, consistently pleasing to the eye and excellently acted by its talented cast. moody recreates his stage role with considerable verve, stealing the film from the youngsters with his energetic performance as fagin. lester and wild do well too as the young pickpockets, while wallis enthusiastically fleshes out the nancy role and reed generates genuine despicableness as sikes. the musical numbers are staged with incredible precision and sense of spectacle – onna white’s oscar-winning choreography helps make the song-and-dance set pieces so memorable, but the lively performers and the skillful direction of carol reed also play their part. the unforgettable tunes include “food glorious food”, “consider yourself”, “you’ve got to pick a pocket or two”, “i’d do anything” and “oom-pah-pah” – all immensely catchy songs, conveyed via very well put together sequences. the film is a thoroughly entertaining experience and never really loses momentum over its entire 153 minute duration. sit back and enjoy!

yes, as unbelievable as it may be, in 1968 a musical won the academy award for best picture - and it was the third musical to win that award in a five-year period, the first being my fair lady in 1964 and then the sound of music in 1965. the difference between my fair lady, the sound of music and oliver! however is that oliver! is immeasurably better! no comparison. the first two movies are insipid wet noodles compared to the remarkably robust oliver!. the acting is great; the songs are great; the story is great and the dancing is great. this movie is dynamic, topical, relevant to the human experience and unlike the overblown gangs of new york, oliver! offers a portrayal of poverty in 19th century london, england that evokes sympathy without being condescending. oliver reed was a great actor and he proves it in oliver! the other actors and actresses, especially ron moody and shani wallis, are equally wonderful and offer powerful portrayals of characters who evoke sympathy and warmth without being caricatures.

i'm really getting old,,am in the midst of watching this 40 year old flick,and wonder what my grandchildren will be watching 40 years from now,,its an old saying,,but they don't make em like that anymore..it's not only the story,its the music,the acting both by young and old..the cast ,it would seem,were born to play their roles,,young oliver,,old fagin..too many to mention them all,the role played by the judge oliver stands before,i've seen in other roles over the years..the artful dodger,,ron moody as fagin,,mr and mrs bumble,,the movie not only won 5 oscars,,but took a few golden globe awards too..if you decide to see this film..do yourself a favor,,take a few if not all the children,to see this masterpiece

this is a musical adaptation of dicken's "oliver twist". for the most part, the original story has been maintained, though for the flow of the film certain subplots (such as the summer he spent recuperating and the half-brother) are omitted. the biggest difference in the film and the story is that by the end of the book, fagin is hanged--an ending very different from this musical film.this is a one of a kind musical--one whose style and scope really hasn't been matched before or since. not only are the songs often quite singable and memorable, but the choreography of the film is a sight to behold. whereas in most musicals a few people or perhaps even a small group are choreographed dancing, here the numbers often run into the hundreds or perhaps more. it's truly a sight to see and i was fortunate enough to have seen it in the theater when it debuted and is one of my earliest childhood memories. having just seen it again a few moments ago, i would have to say that the film only got better over time. great sets, wonderful acting and singing--this is a special treat that is hard not to love.by the way, when i saw the film again tonight, i was surprised by just how high and feminine mark lester's singing was for the film. well, according to imdb, his singing was dubbed by a girl and this would definitely account for his voice.

oliver twist was to have controversy as well as success following it after dickens published it in 1837. his picture of life in the urban ghettos was something shocking and new, and his making the central figures of the novel include criminals was another innovation.one day he was walking in london and passed a young woman he had been friendly with. he said hello, but she was rather stiff with him. he could not understand this. a few days later they met again, and he asked what he had done to upset her. "well, if you must know, i did not like your last novel.", she said. "really, everyone else thinks highly of it." he was puzzled: "what's wrong with it?" "oh, charles," she said, "i'm jewish. how could you make up such a character like fagin?!" he had not expected this: "well...you know that trial last year of ikey solomon, the thief trainer. he's a model for fagin and he was jewish." dickens found that did not settle things. "yes," she replied, "he got what he deserved. but charles, they did not call him "solomon the jew" like you call fagin "the jew"! moreover, solomon did not plan a murder. fagin does." dickens had to admit that he might have gotten carried away. he left thinking about what she said.oliver twist was published in several editions. dickens tried to improve on fagin a bit. then he got an idea. he reworked the chapter called "fagin's last night alive", showing the fears in the man as he faced hanging. he also added some additional details. he let his female friend know about his resolve to change fagin. a day or so later he met her at a friend's house. she looked at him as though he was crazy. "didn't you like the changes?", he asked. "charles, what changes - he's still a vile villain called "the jew"!", she replied. "yes, i did keep those in, but didn't you see how frightened he was in the death cell in prison." the young woman had noticed this, but felt that he was so vile he deserved to be suffering such fears. "ah...then i was right about that...and did you see the little details i added?", he asked. "what details?", she replied. "when you first see fagin now he is cooking himself dinner...you read that?", dickens looked at her expecting a sign of recognition. instead the lady looked confused. "i read he was at the fireplace, but i must have skimmed the passage." dickens smiled as though he was brilliant, "he is cooking a pork sausage for his dinner." "a what!"she exclaimed. "he's eating pork, my dear...see - he's not a good jew!" his friend looked at him, shook her head, and to his dismay left their friend's house. she didn't speak to him for years.dickens never totally shook off his own bigotries, but the situation did lead to a partial attempt at amends in his last completed novel. in our mutual friend (1865) he has a minor character, mr. riah, who is used by an unscrupulous landlord to collect high rents from poor tenants. the landlord figures that mr. riah will be blamed because he is jewish.but mr. riah is a good man. he is a very good man. he is a very, very, very, very good man - so good as to be unbelievable. if fagin saw mr. riah in action he'd probably chase him away with a stick.the anti-semitic image of fagin lingers to this day. it is a measure of dickens' genius as a writer that the novel overcomes it. however, in presenting the story on film it still causes problems for screenplay writers and directors: how, after the holocaust, can one do a film treatment of a worthy novel without inflaming bigotry? david lean showed how by having alec guiness appear in one or two scenes showing a human side and in confronting a mob at the end with true dignity. sir carol reed, in his musical version of the novel did it better yet, due to a rewrite in the original musical's script.oliver had been made into a west end musical hit in the middle 1960s, and then taken to broadway where it was again a hit. with a wonderful score by lionel bart, including "food glorious food", "i am reviewing the situation", "consider yourself", "boy for sale", "who will buy", "as long as he needs me", it deserved it's success. reed did well in his casting the roles, including his nephew oliver reed as sykes, ron moody as fagin, mark lester as oliver, jack wild as the dodger, shani wallis as nancy, and harry secombe as mr. bumble. there had been no big musical successes in hollywood for a decade - the last musical to win the best picture oscar had been gigi in 1958. oliver won it in 1968.and fagin - how to handle the eternal problem of the caricature? well in the musical fagin is not captured, tried and executed for the murder that is committed. after all, even lean showed fagin tried to control his confederate in his actions. but here fagin realizes that he is getting too old to depend on this kind of chancy life. although he loses his treasures (those stolen items he kept because he knew their value, and admired their beauty), he decides he can reform. he is allowed to do so, accompanied by his faithful acolyte, the artful dodger. i don't think dickens would have appreciated the change (his female friend might have), but a modern audience certainly accepts it as fitting.

i just saw this recently, after an interval of nearly forty years. it holds up well, especially lionel bart's outstanding songs. ("who will buy" with it's magical counterpoint, just one of many standouts.)i disagree with the other post that decried its g rating. the ratings system, brand new at the time, never intended the g (general) rating to mean "completely devoid of conflict".characterizing it as unsuitable for kids reminds me of the description i once saw of the wizard of oz: a girl arrives in a strange land and kills the first person she encounters. she then goes on a road trip with three male companions and kills again.

simply put, oliver! is one of the greatest musicals of all time. it is filled with memorable songs - "food glorious food", "oliver!", "consider yourself" and "oom-pah-pah" to name just a few - and equally memorable characters.the film is a musical adaptation of charles dickens' classic novel and much like the story of oliver twist itself, it is a perfect family film. there are some frightening moments - the villain bill sykes played by oliver reed is scary enough on his own - but overall, the film will appeal to children of all ages as well as adults.the story - which almost everyone is surely familiar with by now - revolves around a little orphan boy named oliver and his life growing up in london. at first he lives in the workhouse with the rest of his fellow orphans but after daring to question mr. bumble, the overseer, he is sold to a family as a servant.after a series of mishaps and close shaves, he meets the artful dodger - superbly played by a young jack wild, who gives his all in the role - and through him, the greedy fagin (ron moody), who trains young boys to pick pocket treasures which he keeps for himself.the film was shot solely in studios and on soundstages at shepperton film studios but this does not translate at all to film. the sets perfectly replicate victorian london, as do the costumes worn by the characters. a multi-oscar winner and a massive success on its release, oliver! is a worthy contender for the best musical all of time and will delight anyone who loves film.

as a lifelong fan of dickens, i have invariably been disappointed by adaptations of his novels.although his works presented an extremely accurate re-telling of human life at every level in victorian britain, throughout them all was a pervasive thread of humour that could be both playful or sarcastic as the narrative dictated. in a way, he was a literary caricaturist and cartoonist. he could be serious and hilarious in the same sentence. he pricked pride, lampooned arrogance, celebrated modesty, and empathised with loneliness and poverty. it may be a cliché, but he was a people's writer.and it is the comedy that is so often missing from his interpretations. at the time of writing, oliver twist is being dramatised in serial form on bbc television. all of the misery and cruelty is their, but non of the humour, irony, and savage lampoonery. the result is just a dark, dismal experience: the story penned by a journalist rather than a novelist. it's not really dickens at all.'oliver!', on the other hand, is much closer to the mark. the mockery of officialdom is perfectly interpreted, from the blustering beadle to the drunken magistrate. the classic stand-off between the beadle and mr brownlow, in which the law is described as 'a ass, a idiot' couldn't have been better done. harry secombe is an ideal choice.but the blinding cruelty is also there, the callous indifference of the state, the cold, hunger, poverty and loneliness are all presented just as surely as the master would have wished.and then there is crime. ron moody is a treasure as the sleazy jewish fence, whilst oliver reid has bill sykes to perfection.perhaps not surprisingly, lionel bart - himself a jew from london's east-end - takes a liberty with fagin by re-interpreting him as a much more benign fellow than was dicken's original. in the novel, he was utterly ruthless, sending some of his own boys to the gallows in order to protect himself (though he was also caught and hanged). whereas in the movie, he is presented as something of a wayward father-figure, a sort of charitable thief rather than a corrupter of children, the latter being a long-standing anti-semitic sentiment. otherwise, very few liberties are taken with dickens's original. all of the most memorable elements are included. just enough menace and violence is retained to ensure narrative fidelity whilst at the same time allowing for children' sensibilities. nancy is still beaten to death, bullseye narrowly escapes drowning, and bill sykes gets a faithfully graphic come-uppance.every song is excellent, though they do incline towards schmaltz. mark lester mimes his wonderfully. both his and my favourite scene is the one in which the world comes alive to 'who will buy'. it's schmaltzy, but it's dickens through and through.i could go on. i could commend the wonderful set-pieces, the contrast of the rich and poor. there is top-quality acting from more british regulars than you could shake a stick at.i ought to give it 10 points, but i'm feeling more like scrooge today. soak it up with your christmas dinner. no original has been better realised.

in cinema retro magazine #2,it is revealed that mark lester's voice was actually dubbed by a 20 year old female, kathe green. although leste was considered perfect for the title role, director carol reed was not at all pleased with his singing abilities. the secret was revealed by on a 2004 uk documentary titled "oliver! after they were famous". greene was paid 400 pounds for her work and she had to agree to keep her participation secret, as did mark lester. they kept their word and only revealed this fact as part of the tv show decades after release of the film. for the record, mark lester retired from acting and is a practicing osteopath in england.

oliver! the musical is a favorite of mine. the music, the characters, the story. it all just seems perfect. in this rendition of the timeless classic novel turned stage musical, director carol reed brings the broadway hit to life on the movie screen.the transition from musical to movie musical is not an easy one. you have to have the right voices, the right set, the right script, and the right play. all signs point to yes for this play. it almost appears that it was written for the screen!our story takes place in jolly old england where a boy named oliver manages to work his way out of the orphanage. he winds his way through the country to london where he meets up with a group of juvenile delinquents, headed by dodger, the smart talking, quick handed pick-pocket. the leader of this gang is named fagin, an older fellow who sells all the stolen goods.but all is not well in london town when bill sykes played by oliver reed and his loving girlfriend nancy get tangled up with oliver, fagin and his young troops, and the law. what ensues is a marvelous tale of love, affection, and great musical numbers.whether or not you like musicals or not, one listen to these tunes and you will be humming them all day long. oliver! is a triumph on and off the stage and is a timeless work of art.

i took part in a little mini production of this when i was a bout 8 at school and my mum bought the video for me. i've loved it ever since!! when i was younger, it was the songs and spectacular dance sequences that i enjoyed but since i've watched it when i got older, i appreciate more the fantastic acting and character portrayal. oliver reed and ron moody were brilliant. i can't imagine anyone else playing bill sykes or fagin. shani wallis' nancy if the best character for me. she put up with so much for those boys, i think she's such a strong character and her final scene when... well, you know... always makes me cry! best musical in my opinion of all time. it's lasted all this time, it will live on for many more years to come! 11/10!!

i was lucky to see "oliver!" in 1968 on a big cinema screen in boston when i was a young teenager. later, during the summer of 1969, i was pleased to see this film was still playing at a prominent cinema in leicester square, london, after it had won the academy award for best picture of the previous year.th success of "oliver!" on both the stage and screen reminded me that not all talent begins on broadway and ends in hollywood. this legendary story by charles dickens, which is part of the literary heritage of all english-speaking people, was admirably brought to the london stage by lionel bart of great britain. his charming musical then became a hit in new york and throughout the world. the film adaptation was made in england during the summer of 1967 and then released in 1968. the sets and musical numbers are mind boggling. the song "who will buy?" required hundreds of actors and the british film director truly deserved his oscar for putting it all together in a seamless manner. some canadian and american talent is also part of this wonderful production, but mostly it is a tribute to the fine craftsmanship of the british film studios, such as shepperton. good show! other film studios at elstree, boreham wood, bray, denham, and ealing have also given the world many films to treasure over the years.

if you fast forward through the horrible singing, you will find a classic fairy tale underneath. christopher walken is very humorous and surprisingly good in the role. his trademark style of acting works well for the sly puss in boots. the other actors are well for their parts. i did not find any of the acting terribly fake or awkward. the king in particular appears a real dunce though, and i wonder if he is supposed to be. i can not remember the original tale. the special effects are typical of the eighties, but at least they are not overly fake like some of the computer generated fare that we see today. overall, i recommend this movie for children and adults who are a child at heart.

probably the two main significances of "elmer's pet rabbit" are that the wacky leporid featured in "a wild hare" now has a name, and that he utters his famous "of course you realize this means war!" for the first time. mostly, the termite terrace crowd was still trying to figure out what exactly to do with this long-eared rascal. it's certainly a must-see for hard-core fans of this genre, but others will probably have little reason to take interest.but make no mistake, it's quite hilarious what bugs bunny does to the eternally gullible elmer fudd. clear shades of things to come abound throughout the cartoon. i recommend it.

just watched this early bugs bunny (first time he's named here) and elmer fudd cartoon on the thadblog as linked from youtube. this was chuck jones' first time directing the "wascally wabbit" and as a result, bugs has a different voice provided by mel blanc than the brooklyn/bronx one we're more familiar with. in fact, according to thad, he's channeling jimmy stewart (his "shy boy" type personality of that time). anyway, after elmer buys his pet, bugs goes all obnoxious on him by turning the radio real loud, pretending to die after his master repeatedly throws him out of his shower, and saying "turn off those lights!" whenever elmer catches him in his bed. even with the different voice, bugs is definitely his mischievous self and i laughed myself blue the whole time! according to thad, there was an additional scene at the end of elmer just giving the house to bugs after the hell he went through but that was probably considered too sad since he suffers a mental breakdown at that point so it's just as well that cut scene is lost. anyway, i highly recommend elmer's pet rabbit.

this is a very, very early bugs bunny cartoon. as a result, the character is still in a transition period--he is not drawn as elongated as he later was and his voice isn't quite right. in addition, the chemistry between elmer and bugs is a little unusual. elmer is some poor sap who buys bugs from a pet shop--there is no gun or desire on his part to blast the bunny to smithereens! however, despite this, this is still a very enjoyable film. the early bugs was definitely more sassy and cruel than his later incarnations. in later films, he messed with elmer, yosimite sam and others because they started it--they messed with the rabbit. but, in this film, he is much more like daffy duck of the late 30s and early 40s--a jerk who just loves irritating others!! a true "anarchist" instead of the hero of the later cartoons. while this isn't among the best bug bunny cartoons, it sure is fun to watch and it's interesting to see just how much he's changed over the years.

ok, so the musical pieces were poorly written and generally poorly sung (though walken and marner, particularly walken, sounded pretty good). and so they shattered the fourth wall at the end by having the king and his nobles sing about the "battle" with the ogre, and praise the efforts of puss in boots when they by rights shouldn't have even known about it.who cares? it's christopher freakin' walken, doing a movie based on a fairy tale, and he sings and dances. his acting style fits the role very well as the devious, mischievous puss who seems to get his master into deeper and deeper trouble but in fact has a plan he's thought about seven or eight moves in advance. and if you've ever seen walken in any of his villainous roles, you *know* the ogre bit the dust hard at the end when walken got him into his trap.a fun film, and a must-see for anyone who enjoys the unique style of christopher walken.

i have a six month old baby at home and time to time she fights sleep really bad. one morning she was having a particular difficult time getting to sleep when the doodle bops theme song came on t.v. she stopped crying almost instantly, and for the rest of the show was content. i sat her in her bouncy seat and watched her kick her legs, swing her arms, and actually laugh at this show. the kept her entertained and happy the entire time. i also got a video of them so that at times when my little one is flustered i have something to calm her. granted, late at night if she awakes with colic to fuss the doodle bops are not her cup of tea, but they sure do come in handy when i need a little time to do housework,etc. the biggest surprise about the doodle bops is that my child doesn't even like watching t.v. she'd rather be in the floor playing with a toy or with our small toy poodle than watch t.v. yet, the doodle bops have totally captured her attention. i don't know if she will continue to like them in the future but for now she's attached.

i love the doodlebops. my son has been watching them for over a year. we went to the doodlebops concert last year as well as one concert yesterday (connecticut). he loves them. the doodlebops do not teach the alphabet or numbers but who cares? are you being serious? the tv isn't suppose to teach your children about numbers or the alphabet. the parents should. get over it. the doodlebops actually can sing. deedee has a beautiful voice and in concert you can tell all 3 of them have nice singing voices and do not lip sing. imagine, they dance, jump around and still sing. they have talent, the kids love them i even enjoy watching the show. this show is by far the best show on tv for kids. and a rock band for children. how amazing is that? why are people saying chad (rooney) is gay? where did you hear that from? whether he is or not, he is awesome! leave him alone. its not like he or anyone else is promoting homosexuality to our children!

i work with children from 0  6 years old and they all love the doodlebops. the doodlebops are energetic, vibrant and appealing. once they start singing, ''we're the doodlebops we're the doodlebops we're the doodlebops oh yeah come and join the fun because we're laughing and we're singing all day" it is almost impossible not to join them in song. the doodlebops brings the viewer into a world of color and fun. each show is an adventure, the doodlebops do not try to change the world with preachy messages all they do is have fun while sorting out everyday life challenges that the young child may relate to. the doodlebops is an refreshing, high action alternative to regular children's television programs.

my 2 year old likes the doodlebops show, it seems to keep his attention for awhile. the characters are interesting, vibrant with primary colours and all. there's not much educational content that the intended target audience could benefit from, but they do seem to have a theme each show and try to teach kids about sharing and respect and other basics, so i like it for that. it's well produced with high production values. but it's really just an average show like most of the shows on tv these days. we don't buy into the merchandise angle and have our son wearing everything dooblebop. i don't think we'd spend money to go to a live show, if they ever came to town. going to the zoo or the science centre is a far better experience for everyone involved and in my opinion is money better spent.

my husband and i enjoy the doodlebops as much as our 8 month old baby does. we have bought him dvd's and cd's just so we can watch and listen to them ourselves. they are fun, energetic, and very entertaining. they encourage children to be active, share and care. they always have a positive message along with fun entertainment. every time our son hears the theme song he quickly turns his head toward the television and starts bouncing up and down in excitement. dee dee is a wonderful singer, she has a great voice. moe is a great dancer. i would recommend the doodlebops to anyone with children. our favorite song is the bird song. you just can not help but smile and want to dance when you hear it.

i have a 19-month old and got really tired of watching care bears all the time. rooney is a great dancer, who cares if he is gay. this guy must have been a cheerleader or something.beats barney, cant get the songs out of my head....must...stop singing........doodlebops songs........now.must have 10 lines of text so i must continue.....what about when the say all the canadian stuff like ooout aboooot. whacky canadians.....jazmine is rhyming too much, she must be dutch.knock knock, who's there, dee dee, super hottiebus driver bob cannot dance, take lessons from rooney

although this was obviously a low-budget production, the performances and the songs in this movie are worth seeing. one of walken's few musical roles to date. (he is a marvelous dancer and singer and he demonstrates his acrobatic skills as well - watch for the cartwheel!) also starring jason connery. a great children's story and very likable characters.

i never saw this when i was a kid, so this was seen with fresh eyes. i had never heard of it and rented it for my 5 year old daughter. plus, the idea of christopher walken singing and dancing made me curious. the special fx are cheesy and the singing and dancing is mediocre. but the story is great. my daughter was entranced. i loved watching walken in this role thinking about what the future held for him. very amusing to see him dance! and if the songs weren't great, at least they weren't disney over-produced saccharine sweetness. the ogre scene in the beginning was a little scary for her, and she was a little nervous when we saw him again at the end, but it was mostly benign. interestingly, we had recently read "puss in boots", and i had wondered about the implausibility of the story. but while staying true to almost every aspect, walken's acting made it believable. great fun. i'd watch it again with my daughter.

i, myself am a kid at heart, meaning i love watching cartoons, still do! i remember watching bugs bunny when i was a kid, he was my favourite still is. i thought man, this was a great "new" show on tv, and than my dad said, "bugs bunny, i remember watching him when i was younger" and i'm like, "dad, bugs didn't exist when you were younger". so i guess he's definitely pleased more than one generation, possibly 3. i love the show it's great for kids and adults, ok, everybody. it's very funny, me and my husband, both in our 20s, love watching the shows, and we don't mind the re-runs either. this show brings back a lot of memories, happy ones. i love the christmas special too with tweety as tiny tim, it's cute. i can't pick my favourite looney toons character, because they've changed over the years. when i was little it was bugs of course, and porky pig. pepe is cool, i always loved him. actually, i have to say there all my favourite. i'm giving this show a 10 out of 10, because it's a great show for all ages, very funny, voice acting is incredible, the only flaw is that unfortunately it came to an end, 2 decades ago, but the re-runs are great!

i rented this film from netflix for two reasons - i was in the mood for what i thought would be a silly '50s sci-fi-asco and because it is the first feature-length superman film. needless to say, after about 15 minutes i found myself thoroughly engaged and very pleasantly surprised.an experimental oil well has penetrated about six miles into the earth and is being shut down by the sponsor. lois and clark show up to get the scoop but are disappointed that the deepest well ever drilled will no longer be in operation. a day later, strange events at the well make for a story more appropriate for superman than clark kent. it seems that the radioactive mole men have invaded from their six-mile deep home near the earth's core.supermen and the mole men is a simplistic but well-made piece of social realism. released in 1951, starring a lead actor who served in world war ii, the moral of the story seems to be that americans are just as capable of becoming fascists as anybody else. to drive this point home in a typically straightforward superman manner, reeves even accuses the lynch mob hunting the mole men of being 'nazis' at one point.even in the 1950s, the science underlying this film was nonexistent. six miles of drilling through continental crust would not have even penetrated the upper mantle, let alone the "hollow center of the earth" - which, in any case does not exist. forgivable - keep in mind that this film is based on a golden age comic book.the film is a little unevenly paced. although the molemen are interesting, a bit creepy, and nicely portrayed, there are several corman-esquire scenes which spend too much time redundantly showing us their odd behavior. the script is intelligent and economical. by today's standards, the costuming is poor to fair, but for its time, this film's special effects and costuming were quite good. the cinematography is also generally very good, and the acting is much better than one might expect. i was particularly impressed with reeves, jeff corey and walter reed.

i am of "the christopher reeve generation" it is fair to say that he was the best actor to play superman yet, but that doesn't stop me from enjoying other actors in the role, and george reeves makes a pretty good bid to knock chris off the top, though he just barely falls short. that doesn't stop me from enjoying this film, it has a lot going for it. it has all that a movie needs, a plot with beginning, middle, and end, plus all those parts are intelligently written. the film is edgy both in acting and storyline, something a film-noir but with tights. the story is both exciting and meaningful, this is a movie with a message that isn't too preachy. i am still amazed this was shot over 12 days, oh the glory days of hollywood, when we didn't have to wait 5 years just to see if the movie would fall into development hell... the film is polished and expertly made, directed by lee "roll'em" sholem, best known for directing with both speed and efficiency. it never lets the constraints of technology slow it down, in fact there is some creative things done to create the effect of flight, including putting a camera on a boom on a truck and shooting high and traveling fast to make it look like we are seeing it from superman's point of view, also a few closeups of george in process work, and a long shot of an animated superman. this is now available on dvd as an extra feature on the first season of the george reeves television series. a dvd worth owning in its own right, the inclusion of the film as its original whole, is icing on the cake.give blood today god bless!

my father grew grew up watching george reeves as superman and when i was a little kid he had episodes on vhs and let me view them including this movie (passing them down in the family if you will), and i loved it.clark kent and lois lane get sent to a small town with and oil mine and from the mine emerge mole men radioactive and targeted by the town assumed to be deadly and it's up to superman to stop this mayhem.it's just so wonderful and fun to view. the old style special effects and sound - the crew pulled off such a beauty with such little technology. george reeves was my hero when i was a little kid, and i'm 16 now, it just goes to show how timeless and classic these adventures are.

superman and the mole men is quite possibly superman's toughest adventures ever.lois lane and clark kent are sent to silsby, home of the world's deepest oil well. while there, some radioactive mole men come up through the oil well and explore the town. jeff corey and many other townspeople try to dispose of the invading mole men. can superman change the people's ways in time to save the mole men? can superman warn the people in time about the radioactive danger the mole men bring?in my opinion, superman and the mole men is a very intelligent, well-written and well-acted movie. even though we only get to see superman fly once briefly, it still makes a great superman adventure. a must see for anyone.10/10 stars

it must have been several years after it was released, so don't know why it was at the movies. but as a kid i enjoyed it. i just found a vhs tape of superman and the mole men at the flea market and decided to watch it again (it's been a lot of years). i wasn't expecting much, now knowing how the b movies were made at that time. but i was pleasantly surprised to find the movie very watchable and the acting by all outstanding. usual acting in these type movies leaves a lot to be desired. surprisingly, the writing wasn't bad either. forget the fact that superman went from sequence to sequence and could have kicked all their butts in the beginning, because then the story would have ended, right?! ok, the mole men costumes were hokey and not very scary (they didn't even scare me as a kid). however, making allowances for the probable low budget for background and costumes, it was a job well done by all. i recognized the sheriff right away as the old ranger from death valley days and plenty of supporting roles in tv westerns. j. farrell macdonald played old pop and was always a great supporting actor in more movies than i can count. walter reed and jeff corey were familiar faces as well from other movies. did you recognize the old doctor as the captain of the ship that went to get king kong? did you recognize the little girl rolling the ball to the mole men as lisbeth searcy in old yeller? some of the mole men were famous too. jerry maren has played mayor mccheese for mcdonalds, little oscar mayer, was the munchkin that handed dorothy the lollipop, was on a seifeld episode and a wealth of other work. billy curtis played an unforgettable part with clint eastwood in high plains drifter, was one of the friends met by the star in incredible shrinking man, he had a part in a movie i just luckily grabbed at a flea market titled my gal sal with rita hayworth, wizard of oz and plenty of other parts - great actor. john brambury was also a munchkin. phillis coates, who played lois lane in this movie, was without question wonderful in the part and george reeves as superman/clark kent was superman. he did a great job of playing the strong man. bottom line to all i've said is that this movie is worth watching because of the cast and writing in dealing with a pretty flimsy idea for a movie. but it was the 50's and anything was possible from intruders from outer space to mole men from inner space. it is definitely worth seeing, there isn't a bad actor in the group. whomever put the cast together was very, very fortunate to get so many gifted actors into a b type film. some already had a wealth of experience and some were about to obtain a wealth of experience - but all were gifted. so if you get a chance to see the film, forget the dopey costumes and just enjoy the excitement and acting. is it a bird? is it a plane? no, just a good, old fashioned movie to enjoy!

for a danish movie, i have to say, that this is very good movie.it's in a class of its own, yet it has an international potential.the movie has a big budget, and is starring famous danish actors, and a few newcomers, who play very well. it can be watched by anyone who like adventures, and a little bit of 'ghost' movie.don't be afraid, be thrilled!

when i was a kid i watched this many times over, and i remember whistling the "happy cat" song quite often. all the songs are great, and actually memorable, unlike many children's musicals, where the songs are just stuck in for no real reason. the scenes and costumes are lavish, and the acting is very well-done, which isn't surprising, considering the cast. christopher walken is very catlike, and doesn't need stupid make-up, or a cat costume for the viewer to believe he's a cat transformed to a human. and jason connery's so cute, as the shy and awkward miller's son, corin, who falls in love with beautiful and the bold princess vera. this is a really fun, enjoyable, feature-length movie, where unlike most fairytales, the characters are given personalities. some of my favourite parts are when puss makes corin pretend he's drowning; at the ball when everybody starts dancing a country dance, as it's "all the rage abroad"; when walken is in the kitchen, dancing on the table (he's a pretty good dancer, too!); and when vera tells corin all the things she used to do when she was young, like pretending she was a miller's daughter. i'd recommend this film to children and parents alike, who love magic and fairytales. and it actually is a movie you can watch together, as it won't drive adults up the wall.

wow! a danish movie with this kind of content? i mean, the actors, the story, the pictures, the efx - everything was where it should be. and a danish efx house producing those vfx - wow! this is like the 2nd or 3rd time a danish fx has produces visual effects in that quality.*spoiler ahead* the twist with the ghostly children in the submarine was quite good, but generally i did not feel the big chill which i would expect from a ghost-movie. *end of spoiler*but anyway, this is a danish movie which i as a dane can be proud of.the only "bad" about this, is that it wasn't a danish director, but a swedish...

i went to see this movie expecting a nice relaxing time in the theater with my younger sister. instead, i had to really control myself in order to convince her that i was not scared. in many ways still a children´s story, but with a screenplay that has a lot of potential. could have been one of the scariest movies if planned for another audience.

***spoilers*** ***spoilers***this movie, "the divers", is really interesting. all i roughly knew about it was that it would involve nazi history, underwater scenes and everybody would be speaking danish. but i decided to check it out for one reason, the fact that the story evolves around a sunken wwii german submarine. i've got a fetish for german subs, especially wrecks that can be dived upon. so i was a bit sceptical about the danish part, but reasoned that the sub could weigh up that part. knowing that nordic films aren't always that good and not sure of the budget size i was, to say the least, very sceptical.upon viewing i was ... surprised.i had some thoughts on the actors being inadequate, seeing how some are very young, the two main actors in particular. this was not an issue, they both perform very well. as do the other actors, who mostly consist of people in their 50's and beyond. this makes for some interesting interaction between young and old, not often seen on the screen. not unique in anyway, but somewhat rare. and it's all good.as for the danish language, it is nearly impossible to understand. but this was no problem, it had subtitles.another issue was the submarine itself, i suspected there would be interior shots as well as underwater exterior shots of the submarine. having decided their budget was slim, i thought this could turn out adequate at the best and down right awful at it's worst. again i was surprised, the exterior scenes of the wreck are beautiful and the interior scenes are very realistic. having a fetish for german subs, i knew what the sub should look like, especially inside, and was not let down. the team has done some serious research. it's all good.i suspect more people than myself will watch this movie just to see some sub wreck scenes so i feel i must issue a "warning". the submarine in the movie is not an actual model that existed during the war. it's a special purpose sub. but to give you a hint of what to expect, it's a crossing between a type vii, type ix and a japanese transport sub similar to i-52. it's god a good design and makes a nice wreck.the setting is on a danish island or peninsula, i can't remember. it's summertime and two brothers travel to their grandfather to celebrate the coming of summer as they do every year. their grandfather is a mariner of sorts. the cinematography is quite nice, a lot of pretty summer scenes at the island docks, some newfound teenage love, nice diving weather and a general feeling of "perfect". once again, it's all good.plot-wise the island gets some visitors of the suspect kind, a gathering of men hire one of the boats, an old minesweeper and it's crew. one of the visitors, a man in his 50's, has the german eagle and swastika tattooed on his back. the island's senior citizens all remember when a german u-boat was sunk towards the end of world war ii and ever since then there have been rumors of nazi gold in the depths. the grandfather was one of the young men who searched for the sunken u-boat shortly after german bodies started floating ashore back in 1945. no submarine was ever found.what to expectkey elements are nazi experiments, nazi history, treasure hunting, secrecy, competition, teen love, conspiracy, and ...a surprise.*** warning - spoiler ***i had not expected some elements of the supernatural to appear in this movie and it caught me off guard. not being a big fan of supernatural events, it nevertheless fitted well into the story and poses no problem. it's not like "from dusk til dawn" where everybody turns into vampires towards the end. this is a bit more subtle.overall : really good movie, i gave it an 8. some due to the fact that it isn't a hollywood movie with unlimited resources. i later learned that it had a fair budget and that some of the actors were seasoned danish veterans. but even if this had been a hollywood production, i would give it a 7 or 8. definately worth your while. yes, a child's story in a way, but then again a mature tale. it has a lot of suspense and a grand aura of adventure, which i found very appealing. and, again, the cinematography is really nice./medusa 2001

i would just like to say, that no matter how low budget the film is, it needs to be shown throughout this world the point to these movies. we don't read that much anymore, instead people want to see movies. having this series out on dvd, has made me want to read the whole series, and want more. please make all 8 movies. please don't change any of the characters either, it ruins the effect. because i have grown to love the actors who have played the characters. please make all 8 movies. i want to see the message, and watch the message that these books and now movies are here to portray. we don't get that enough anymore. awesome job!!!

i read many commits when it was in the theaters and they were all bad....i think you have to be a certain type of person to enjoy these movies. if you are not a person that enjoyed the waltons or little house...u will not understand nor enjoy these movies...now about loves abiding joy...i knew he was bad news from the start of the movie....i wish it would have shown more of the end instead of letting you just think it. this movie has a lot to do with jeff....it is 6 years later so you know he will be interested in girls.i want to say that i have enjoyed all 4 movies so far....was not crazy about the books...cant wait until the next movie. the way clark talks will get you every time. i would love to see january jones do an appearance...maybe a family reunion or something.

first off, i want to say, "thanks, disney, for finally releasing the "cinderella" movie on dvd! now you have all the disney animated films on dvd (including the 1999 limited editions)! what are you going to do next? you're going to disney world!!!!!" well, technically (i mean, look at the castle!!!!!)anyways, disney remains magical in his 1950 animated classic film "cinderella," the movie that put fairy tale movies on the map. we are all familiar with the story of cinderella, her stepsisters, her date, the glass slipper, the pumpkin that turns into a carriage just for saying "bippity- boppity-boo!," and of course, trying to head home by midnight!what i like about this film: it's a grand old fairy tale that children like, now in a movie form (as well as on dvd as well)!!!!!"cinderella" - thank you, disney!!!!! 10 stars.

we loved the movie. i am a mother to two little men. i love having a movie i can watch with them where men have integrity and character. moveis where money is not the most important thing. and family's are forever and love means more then words. i do wish we saw more of the davis family. but over all i loved it left me with the same feeling the others did "please don't be over". we both wish actors would not change.the new actors were good replacement tho.my 9 year old son loved this movie too. asked me to go buy them all. he is a movie critic so for him to say this tells me something. family should all see this move buy it for friends . help bring back a time of values. we will be reading the books now that we are hooked. really hope to see more. be blessed happy moving

this movie is wonderful. it always has been always will be. i'm mean really what is better then a house maid falling in love. walt really out did him self here. and the music! a dream is a wish your heart makes is beautiful! what else can you say besides terrific! i can't wait until the special edition comes out it will be so awesome! i can't wait to hear all of the deleted songs! this movie is done so beautiful and smart! it is lovely. what about the cute mice too! i know i keep saying the same things over and over and over again but hey this is a great movie! woods was terrific in this beautiful beautiful beautiful movie

comment? like my comment is necessary? we are talking about all time masterpiece, for all seasons and all generations. this is only type of movies that i still have patience to watch. in this, like in other disney's movies is some kind of magic. all characters are in some way, "alive" and "real" so it's easy to understand message, even if you don't understand language, (like i didn't understood when i first watched movie, because i was about six years old). maybe my english is not so good, but i learned what i know mostly from this kind of movies, and this is one more great dimension of this kind of movies, which in present time are rare. but there is a one big shame. in my country is now impossible to watch this, or any other disney's movie! we don't have copyrights, so our children are disabled to enjoy and learn from this kind of movies. so, we will watch this movie again "once upon a dream" or...?

in my opinion, this is an absolutely romantic disney masterpiece. if you ask me, the stepmother (voice of lucille la verne) was truly diabolical. you'll have to see the movie if you want to know why. on the other hand, despite the fact that she did a lot of housekeeping, cinderella (voice of ilene stanley) was a very beautiful lady. to me, the scenery was beautiful, the cast was well chosen, and the writing was strong. before i wrap this up, i'd like to say that everyone involved in this film did very well. now, in conclusion, i highly recommend this absolutely romantic disney masterpiece to all of you who haven't seen it. you're in for a good time, so go to the video store, rent it or buy it, kick back with a friend, and watch it.

this is one of disney's top five animated features, in my opinion. cinderella was a perfect return to the full-length feature animation film (as opposed to the compilation films of the 40's), and expensive depth via the multi-plane camera returns to the film in no other way. although disney adapts the story somewhat liberally, you gather the idea of the era via the dress and set stylizations---a clear time period the story takes place.cinderella is more mature than snow white, and a multi-dimensional character. actually, all of the characters are somewhat well-developed, except for the prince--left the most flat--we know he has a sense of humor, and a great smile, but that's about all. like snow white, disney has some permanent impact on the story in popular culture---in most versions of cinderella, the stepsisters are attractive, just not as pretty as cinderella, and their character takes away from their otherwise nice appearance.favorite disney additions: the mice! also, appreciated the continuity--cinderella always loses her shoe throughout the film. the addition of the homemade gown as well as the following assault from the stepsisters was always horrific as a child--i remember view master showing this with a black background and a large red light on it! the broken slipper shows the unwillingness of evil lady tremaine to give up her hold over cinderella and admit defeat---audley would go on to characterize the most wicked of all disney villains, satanic witch maleficent, in sleeping beauty.

cinderella is a beautiful young woman who is treated cruelly by her wicked stepmother and stepsisters. one day, a ball is to be held in honor of the prince, but cinderella has no chance of going, because her stepmother and stepsisters won't let her. with the help of her fairy godmother and her animal friends, she is off to the ball, with the warning to return home by midnight. at the ball she meets the handsome prince charming. when the clock strikes midnight, she runs home, leaving behind one of her glass slippers. with the help of her animal friends, her true identity is revealed. she and the prince later get married, and they live happily ever after.cinderella, released 56 years ago, was a huge box office success, and it continues to charm audiences to this day. it has a well-written script. the characters are memorable. the songs, including "a dream is a wish your heart makes", "so this is love", and the great "bibbidi-bobbidi-boo", help tell the story. this was my favorite movie growing up, and it hasn't lost any of its charm. a true disney masterpiece! recommended. 10/10 p.s. the recent dvd release is the best way to appreciate this film, including featurettes, deleted scenes, music video, vintage radio programs, and a restored print of the movie!

cinderella in my opinion greatest love story ever told i loved it as a kid and i love it now a wonderful disney masterpiece this is 1 of my favorite movies i love disney. i could rave on and on about cinderella and disney all day but i wont i ll give you a brief outline of the story. when a young girl's father dies she has to live with her evil step mother and her equally ugly and nasty step sisters drusilla and anastasia. made to do remedial house chores all day poor cinderella has only the little mice who scurry around the house and her dog bruno as friends. when one day a letter is sent to her house telling all available women to attend a royal ball. cinderellas evil step mother and step sisters try to prevent her attendance cinderella finally gets her dream and wish and is able to attend her captive beauty , genorisity and beautiful nature help her win her prince.

the story of cinderella is one of my favorites from charles perrault, with sleeping beauty which was also made into a disney film in 1959; this film is a sweet, enchanting masterpiece from disney.the film has a great soundtrack; that's one i like in a movie is a very good soundtrack, and i love the songs too; my favorite song is the romantic "so this is love." i love the mice from the film too, they are cute. my favorite scene is the scene after the narration, the little birds tried to wake cinderella up in the morning; i also love it when cinderella's animal friends (the mice and birds) fix up cinderella's birth-mother's dress, so she could go to the ball...until drizella & anastasia tore it to bits, the b****es!

i don't think i need to tell you the story. for it has been told for years and years. so i will just share my feelings. i first saw cinderella was when i was five years old. from then on i was a disney child in a good way. the animation now seems childish and old fashioned, but that is part of its charm now. now, in the age of high school musical and computer generated images, it seems like people have forgotten the genius and magical essence of early disney movies. thankfully i was born before that so i was introduced to this classic. and it seems no matter how old i get, i turn back into that five year old watching it on vhs. which is the true magic of disney.

for quite a long time in my life, i either did not like this film, or i liked this film but not as much as many more. i watched it recently (at a sleepover, funnily enough) and i liked it more than i had done since i was under 6 or something. i now appreciate it more, as i do with a few other disney classics that i have watched recently (including "sleeping beauty" and "pinnochio" or however you spell it). i now very much appreciate the animation, the clever "disney" plot turns, the humour from the mice, the emotions expressed and the plot. the animation is very well done, often it seems you are wherever the other characters are, watching them. the animation also does well portraying the styles of the backgrounds, including the town (which is shown twice briefly). disney changes this from the original fairy tale in a surprisingly good way, injecting clever plot turns ,such as the mice making the clothes and the key part (usually i do not like disney films very much if they are not that similar to the original story, but with this i am not overly bothered. i feel they made necessary changes to make this a good disney film. often i do not think disney changed the book in a good way in some of their films). you know the story already, cinderella is a girl working for her horrible stepmother and stepsisters. she goes to a ball with the help of her fairy godmother and loses a glass slipper...this is a film very much to be watched with other people. immediate family is not good enough. to enjoy this, i recommend you watch it with friends (and immediate family, if you like. :-) ). i recommend this to people who like disney at least a little bit, people who like fairy tales and for people who like mice. enjoy! :-)

worry not, disney fans--this special edition dvd of the beloved cinderella won't turn into a pumpkin at the strike of midnight. one of the most enduring animated films of all time, the disney-fide adaptation of the gory brothers grimm fairy tale became a classic in its own right, thanks to some memorable tunes (including "a dream is a wish your heart makes," "bibbidi-bobbidi-boo," and the title song) and some endearingly cute comic relief. the famous slipper (click for larger image) we all know the story--the wicked stepmother and stepsisters simply won't have it, this uppity cinderella thinking she's going to a ball designed to find the handsome prince an appropriate sweetheart, but perseverance, animal buddies, and a well-timed entrance by a fairy godmother make sure things turn out all right. there are a few striking sequences of pure animation--for example, cinderella is reflected in bubbles drifting through the air--and the design is rich and evocative throughout. it's a simple story padded here agreeably with comic business, particularly cinderella's rodent pals (dressed up conspicuously like the dwarf sidekicks of another famous disney heroine) and their misadventures with a wretched cat named lucifer. there's also much harrumphing and exposition spouting by the king and the grand duke. it's a much simpler and more graceful work than the more frenetically paced animated films of today, which makes it simultaneously quaint and highly gratifying.

this movie was so great! i am a teenager, and i and my friends all love the series, so it just goes to show that these movies draw attention to all age crowds. i recommend it to everyone. my favorite line in this movie is when logan bartholomew says: "rosy cheeks", when he is talking about his baby daughter. he is such a great actor, as well as erin cottrell. they pair up so well, and have such a great chemistry! i really hope that they can work again together. they are such attractive people, and are very good actors. i have finally found movies that are good to watch. lately it has been hard for me to find movies that are good, and show good morals, and christian values. but at the same time, these movies aren't cheesy.

"cinderella" is one of the most beloved of all disney classics. and it really deserves its status. based on the classic fairy-tale as told by charles perrault, the film follows the trials and tribulations of cinderella, a good girl who is mistreated by her evil stepmother and equally unlikable stepsisters. when a royal ball is held and all eligible young women are invited (read: the king wants to get the prince to marry), cinderella is left at home whilst her stepmother takes her awful daughters with her. but there is a fairy godmother on hand...the story of "cinderella" on its own wouldn't be able to pad out a feature, so whilst generally staying true to the story otherwise, the fairly incidental characters of the animals whom the fairy godmother uses to help get the title character to the ball become cinderella's true sidekicks. the mice jaq and gus are the main sidekicks, and their own nemesis being the stepmother's cat lucifer. their antics intertwine generally with the main fairy-tale plot, and are for the most part wonderful. admittedly, the film does slow down a bit between the main introduction of the characters and shortly before the stepsisters depart for the ball, but after this slowdown, the film really gets going again and surprisingly (since "cinderella" is the most worn down story of all time, probably) ends up as one of the most involving disney stories.the animation and art direction is lovely. all of the legendary nine old men animated on this picture, and mary blair's colour styling and concept art (she also did concept art and colour styling for "alice in wonderland", "peter pan", "the three caballeros" and many many others) manage to wiggle their way on screen. the colours and designs are lovely, especially in the fairy godmother and ball scenes, as well as in those pretty little moments here and there.overall, "cinderella" ranks as one of the best disney fairy-tales and comes recommended to young and all that embodies the disney philosophy that dreams really can come true.

walt disney & his 9 old men put their own 1950 spin on the classic fairy tale of cinderella, which i guess you could say helps form an unofficial "fairy tale princess trilogy" from the classic disney years.the plot: cinderella is a nice girl who can't catch a break. she is the daughter of a nice, wealthy widower who loved her dearly, but her mother passed away when cinderella was very young, and cindy's father felt she needed a mother figure, so he eventually married the woman who would become known as lady tremaine, herself a widow with two daughters about the same age as cinderella, anastasia and drizella. at first they all seemed to get along, but then cinderella's father died, and lady tremaine's true nature was revealed - she was a cold, cruel, callous, heartless, mean spirited woman, and she passed those traits on to her daughters, who were spoiled, bratty, and equally mean spirited. anastasia & drizella hate cinderella because they know deep down that she's better looking and an overall nicer, more attractive lady than themselves (i.e., more appealing to men), and their mother, lady tremaine, hates cindy for pretty much the same reasons. as the years passed lady tremaine began to squander the family fortunes in a stubborn but futile quest to improve/refine her awkward, unattractive daughters (to call them "homely" would be an insult to homely people everywhere) while all three relegated cinderella to being the multi-tasking servant of the house, abusing her, mistreating her and humiliating her every chance they get (they are particularly fond of increasing her already absurd workload). that brings us to cinderella in the present, where she has blossomed into a good looking young lady who somehow manages to remain kind hearted and nice despite her abusive step family and holds on to the hope that one day the tables will turn in her favor. cinderella gets her shot at freedom & happiness when a royal ball is held to introduce the local prince to an eligible young maiden so that he can take her as a wife, settle down, start a family, etc. naturally, her step family tries to keep her from attending, even going so far as to physically assault her and rip up the dress she had procured for herself (with a little help from her mice friends - the dress belonged to her biological mother). finally pushed beyond her breaking point, cinderella runs out into the courtyard and cries in despair. it is at that point that her fairy godmother, a short, plump, jolly woman, arrives and provides cinderella with transportation and a transformed dress (after all, cinderella wouldn't make a very good impression at the ball if she entered the scene looking like she had just gotten gang raped). cindy arrives at the ball, the prince falls hard for her, but that pesky midnight rule gets in the way, forcing her to flee, but leaving behind a glass slipper. make a long story short - after a long harrowing quest to find the mystery girl via trying on the glass slipper, cinderella is found and she and the prince get married, giving her the happy ending she deserves.overall, an enjoyable disney classic. not without its flaws, the most glaring of which is that the prince is little more than a macguffin to help push the plot along - he has very little screen time and even less dialogue, so we never get to know him very well or get a good look at his relationship with cinderella (which is unfortunate since, according to the making of documentary, the prince was originally meant to play a bigger role), and a few additional scenes to help flesh out cinderella herself might have been helpful (there was a song that showed her fantasizing of turning into an army of maids to clean up the house as well as eavesdropping on her step-family post ball to show her amusement at their jealousy, which was cut because walt himself thought it made her look spiteful). still, cinderella herself is a likable enough heroine, even if she is upstaged by her mice friends, and there's a sweetness to the film that is becoming harder to find these days. of course, if this were being made now, cinderella would probably put up more of a struggle against her family during the dress ripping scene and would probably free herself in the climax (either by picking the lock herself or making an impractical yet exciting jump down from her window) but this is beside the point.and for all those who say cinderella sets a bad example for young girls, well, consider this - at least cinderella didn't go around getting publicly drunk and indecently exposed, unlike some modern day "princesses" (you know who i mean).

cinderella was one of the first movies i ever saw, and to me it is timeless. it is a lovely looking film, with gorgeous animation. my favourite animation scene was the dress scene- i just love those mice. the songs are also lovely, not as good as snow white's, but they are a delight to sing, and are reminiscent of tchaikovsky. a dream is a wish and so this is love? are standouts. the characters are also a delight. cinderella is idealistic and strong, and the mice provided great comic relief. the stepsisters were also well done, as well as lucifer. but i loved the stepmother the best, she was really evil, in comparison to a great character in the name of the fairy godmother. it is true, the movie drags slightly, with the antics of the mice, but they were genuinely funny, so i don't care. i don't think it is overrated, underrated don't you mean? it rarely plays on television, but the really bad sequel does on cinemagic on a regular basis. if you want a great cinderella adaptation, try the wonderful ever after, or the lavish slipper and the rose, which isn't as good. but whatever you do, avoid the sequel, which i have the mistake of owning, because you'll thank me. 9/10. bethany cox

"cinderella" is a film about a young girl whose mother passed away and her father remarried. once her father died, cinderella's stepmother became very mean to her and made her do all of the chores around the house, like cleaning up after her two evil stepsisters. one day the king sent out a message to all of the single women to attend the royal ball in honor of his son, to find a wife. of course, cinderella didn't get to go, but her stepsisters did. cinderella was very upset and thought that there was no way she could attend the royal ball, until her fairy godmother appeared. so she did some magic and made cinderella into a beautiful woman, but she had to be back by midnight because that is when the magic changes back. while at the royal ball, cinderella loses track of time and the clock strikes midnight, so she runs out of the palace and loses her glass slipper. then the king orders the duke to find the women who wore that slipper. the duke searched every house, but finally found the women who it belonged to, cinderella.clyde geronimi, wilfred jackson, and hamilton luske directed one of the best animated disney films in 1950. this film is about a magical fairytale. in the beginning of the film cinderella was a servant to her own family and had nobody to love her, but with a little bit of magic her whole life changed around and finally found love.my favorite thing about "cinderella" is the music. when cinderella's fairy godmother appeared doing her magic, she sang the song bibbidi bobbidi boo. when i was a child, it was one of my favorite songs to sing around my house, so i will never forget it. i also loved the part when cinderella and the prince were singing the song so this is love while they were dancing because they realized that they are in love. overall this film was my favorite film when i was a little child because every little girl wants to live a fairy tale life.

out of all the princess stories disney has put out there, cinderella probably has the most enduring appeal. i can't really say why, but for some reason, generation after generation thrusts her to the top of their lists. as a little girl, i wanted nothing more than to be cinderella with her glass slipper- it was my absolute favorite costume.honestly, i don't think there is any story that more realizes the longings of the human heart than cinderella. who has never wanted to run away from the drudgeries of daily life and find someone who sees you as no one else ever had? the story is older than the english language and somehow it still rings true.as for the characters, if nothing else, disney can make a wonderful villain. lady tremaine is evil to the t, in a wonderfully calculating, not overtly physical way. her cutting tongue and eyes do the work for her- she doesn't need staffs of lightening to strike fear into your heart. the animal friends tend to grate, especially that idiotic gus. i would have cheered had he met his fate in lucifer's jaws. cinderella herself was no pushover- making some justly catty remarks at times. however, she just lacked the drive to make her entirely sympathetic. sure, she was nice and fed animals, but what was keeping her at that place? we never know. even if she only became a maid in another house, at least she's be getting paid and have a shot at respect. it seems the only reason things work out in the end for cindy is that everything sort of falls to place in her lap. she never works for her dreams that she sings so fondly of.which brings me to the music, which is lovely, as ever. ilene woods has a lovely, rich voice, probably my favorite of any disney heroine. some big standards originated here- a dream is a wish your heart makes, so this is love, bibbidi bobbidi boo...cinderella is a wonderful heartfelt story with a ton of musical highlights. while it is lacking in some character development, it does provide some classic villains and excellent voice work. if you are feeling sick at heart, pop it in- it'll warm you up and make you hum mmm mmm good!quote of the film:-surprise! surprise! -duh duh duh- happy birthday!

when it comes down to fairy tales, cinderella was the one that made you cry the most. poor cinderella is a girl who had her whole life stolen by 2 evil and ugly stepsisters and a slave-driving step-mother. and thanks to mr. walt disney, we got to witness cinderella in animation.before the story begins, cinderella and her father are lonely, and rich beyond their needs. to share his wealth and to give his daughter some sisters, cinderella's dad marries a woman, but then dies soon after. the stepmother, only seeing dollar signs in her eyes and slavery in her gorgeous step-daughter, cinderella.so for many days, cinderella is a slave to her step-mother and her step-sisters. she has hope however, thanks to her friends, the mice of the home (sounds like cinderella wasn't playing with a full deck.) she has hope that one day she'll find her prince. the chance eventually comes when the prince of the kingdom needs a girlfriend.9/10

cinderella is a beautiful film, with beautiful songs of course. in fact, it's one of the best films of the 1950's.i think all the characters are portrayed amazingly. you can see the cruelness of cinderella's stepsisters and her stepmother, the sweetness of cinderella. the mice are funny and sweet too.i think they changed the tale a bit, but i think it's for the best. it's such a nice film, and i don't think anyone could resist it deep down.i give it a 8/10. i don't think it's the best disney film. but it sure is a true classic.

cinderella is one of disney's greatest films, one of those films i think you appreciate more the older you get. disney creates a magical adaptation of the classic fairytale. i consider the film to have been the greatest of his films at the time of its release. the characters became more dimensional than earlier films, creating more depth to appreciate the characters more. cinderella herself is, in my opinion, one of the greatest characters disney ever created. with her kindness and dash of dry humor, she is extremely likeable; however, it is the inspiration she provides which makes her memorable. like many people she is an endless dreamer, and she holds onto her dreams, never giving up. even in the most adverse of situations, her dreams endure, and she won't let anyone take that away from her. her example should serve as inspiration to everyone, and encouragement to never let go of your dreams.

any child old enough to sit up in front of a screen will be absolutely captivated by the beautifully drawn images and wonderful music in this heartfelt and humorous re-write of the grimms' fairytale. they'll be singing 'bibbity-bobbity-boo' before they can even formulate a complete sentence and will continue singing it till their dying days. it is a classic for all children, especially those adults who are young at heart.

***might not consider this having a spoiler, but i'd rather be cautious than careless*** i never saw this movie when i was little. i fell in love with it the first time i saw it with my three year old daughter. i can watch it over and over again.for the little acting ilene woods did in her lifetime, she was a wonderful voice for cinderella; very appealing; very believable. the music really fit the movie perfectly. the acting was great; loved the mice!! you really "hated" lady tremain and the step-sisters; they were just awful. the cartoonists depicted the spoiled behavior very well.this is a wonderful movie, especially if you are into love stories. my daughter has seen the movie about 25 times and still gets excited at the end.

i love all of the movies by michael landon jr. and michael landon jr's casting of dale midkiff as "clark davis"could not of been any better. dale midkiff has the ways to pull off this character.this movie kept me spellbound from start to finish.the death of missie & willies baby girl with the timing of clarks visit was only gods timing. how they dealt with the death and how clark helped them do so was that of a fathers love.although there are 3 movies before this one [ love comes softly , loves enduring promise & loves long journey], i feel you can see this movie and understand it easily. yet leave and want to see the previous 3 movies due to the history all the characters have behind them.michael landon jr. is an excellent directori look forward to many more movies from him in the future.

the 12th animated disney classic is a reasonable movie told through a simple story. even though a little dated, it deserves a place in the list of disney classics.it's not among disney's top works, but is satisfying. one of disney's most "simple" works, yes, but keeps a certain magic and enchantment (which old disney is well known for). this was an important movie because it saved disney from a delicate situation. if this was a failure, there wouldn't be any more disney animated classics."cinderella" is somehow like a return to disney's 1st animated classic ("snow white and the seven dwarfs") because it brings back the fairy tale genre. it's not clear where the story takes place, but i suppose it's somewhere in france because this is based in a tale by charles perrault.there are plenty of likable characters, such as cinderella, the prince, bruno (the dog), jaques and gus (the two main mice), the fairy godmother (for a fairy she sure is funny), the birds, the king and the grand duke.jaques is very smart and amusing. i love his voice. really has that mouse-like quality. gus might not be that smart, but he's humorous.the king is hilarious, but i think that what makes him so funny is his short temper. the grand duke is a very cool chap and funny too. they're two of my favorite characters in this film and responsible for many of the most amusing moments.the prince is certainly one of the most charming in disney. no doubt that prince philip from "sleeping beauty" was inspired on this prince, because they are very similar-looking.on the other hand, lady tremaine (the stepmother) isn't supposed to be likable because she's cold, jealous, bitter and cruel. her daughters (anastacia and drizella) aren't much better than her. however, the stepmother isn't as annoying as her ugly and selfish daughters. cinderella, the main character, has nothing to do with them. cinderella is gentle, kind, pretty and lovable. by the way, i think her beautiful pink dress is much nicer than the one given by the fairy godmother.lucifer (the cat) is hilariously malicious. the way he walks, sticking up his nose in the air and those arrogant and snobbish facial expressions make him funny. ironically he's very much like the stepmother when it comes to personality. he always agrees with the stepmother's attitudes towards cinderella. lucifer has the right name for him because he's such a devilish and mean cat. yet, there's nothing annoying about him.the soundtrack is simple but pleasant, although not among disney's best. the best song in this movie is "bibiddi bobiddi boo".there are plenty of well known talented voice actors in this, such as james macdonald, marion darlington, eleanor audley, verna felton and luis van rooten.despite being simple-looking, the movie has good artwork, as well as its nice details, although never something "out-of-this-world". however, the king's palace is a spectacular masterpiece, being truly majestic and colossal.

we watched this on "the wonderful world of disney" on abc last night, and i came to the conclusion that things must be tighter there at "the mouse" than usual. since this movie only runs 74 minutes, and they had to pad it out to 2 hours of broadcast television time, they had, and i'm not making this up, commercial breaks that lasted 6 to 7 minutes. and during these commercial breaks, they had another advertisement in the guise of a "tv show" hosted by the oh-so-annoying kelly rippa that loudly proclaimed the magical wonders of "cinderella 2: dreams come true".again and again, break after break, disney took time out of the real movie to tell us, the loyal viewers, that we needed to get a copy of the sequel. thank you, disney, for doing us the service of creating a sequel to your beloved gem of a movie.anyway, all this commercialism and cash-register-ringing made it a difficult task to get into the actual movie of "cinderella", because by the time the commercials were over, i had forgotten where the story had left off.but of course, the original "cinderella" still maintains its magic, and the story is still a good one, though we've all seen it countless times. it's a shame they had to cheapen it with all the marketing for what looks to be a lame follow-up.

cinderella....i hadn't watched this film for about five years the last time i saw it. the magic remains. there is something that definitely contains that storybook feel, the songs entertain and the secondary character's all please. the villains in the form of step sisters are perfectly evil and vile. then there is the most magical of all disney, the mice making the dress and well you know the rest. to sum up the four of the disney princess movies are all great but this is a charming magical experience, watch and enjoy. oh and of course, cinderella is wonderful as the main character in the movie.if you think about it disney movies can really lost their charm. with elene wood and others the movie has such a feel to it, you simply can't help but smilethey say the moral of this story is that dreams come true. of course in the real world some are believers others are hoper's. in this film it's even more the magical when her rainbow comes smiling. and of course the rest is...cinderella

walt disney's cinderella takes a story everybody's familiar with and embellishes it with humor and suspense, while retaining the tale's essential charm. disney's artists provide the film with an appealing storybook look that emanates delectable fairy tale atmosphere. it is beautifully, if conventionally, animated; the highlight being the captivating scene where the fairy godmother transforms a pumpkin into a majestic coach and cinderella's rags to a gorgeous gown. mack david, al hoffman, and jerry livingston provide lovely songs like "a dream is a wish your heart makes" and "bibbidi-bobbidi-boo" that enhance both the scenario and the characters.even though cinderella's story is predictable, it provides such thrilling melodrama that one shares the concerns and anxieties of the titular heroine and her animal friends. both the wicked stepmother and her dreadful cat lucifer present a formidable menace that threatens the dreams and aspirations of cinderella and the mice. it is this menace that provides the story with a strong conflict that holds the viewers' interest. the film's suspense, however, is nicely balanced by a serene sweetness, especially in the musical numbers. it is in these segments that reveal the appealing personalities of cinderella and her friends, moving the viewers to care for them. overall, walt disney's cinderella is wonderful family entertainment that has held up remarkably well after half a century.

as a young boy, i always sort of hated "cinderella," since i was outvoted by my two sisters when my parents were considering what disney movie to buy. i wanted "dumbo," but my sisters won out, and we got "cinderella." they thoroughly enjoyed the movie while i sulked in the back of the room playing with my star wars action figures.a lot has changed since then. my love of the disney theme parks landed me an internship at walt disney world, and i now have two young nieces. i like to showcase disney to them as much as i can, and we recently watched "cinderella" together. with my newfound appreciation for all that is disney, i watched "cinderella" with a new perspective and was impressed with what i saw.from the beginning of the movie, though, i didn't quite understand why cinderella was trapped in such a horrible predicament. why was she such a slave to her stepfamily, and why couldn't she just run away? i wasn't too sympathetic to cinderella, but as the story progressed, i found myself becoming immersed in the story. maybe the eye-catching animation or the fun-loving characters drew me in, or maybe it was the timeless songs. listening to songs like "bibbidy-bobbidy-boo" and "a dream is a wish your heart makes" sort of whisked me back to the theme parks. i can picture myself in that carefree and fun atmosphere while looking at the awe-inspiring cinderella castle.something about this movie just evokes the magic of disney. that may make many people scoff, but go to the magic kingdom and see all the little girls dressed up like cinderella that are excited to be in this fantasy world, and you'll know what i'm talking about. the images of cinderella and the glass slipper - as well as mickey mouse, winnie the pooh, and tinkerbell - embody why disney is one of the most beloved companies in the entire world.while "cinderella" may not be the strongest story, it is sort of iconic in disney and movie history. it represents that fun, idealistic, and fantasy-like wonderment we held when we were kids. i imagine this movie holds a lot of meaning to many, many people out there. it may not be my favorite disney movie, but it does represent all that i love and admire about the company.my imdb rating: 10/10. my yahoo! grade: a (outstanding)

cinderella takes me back, when i was a little girl i loved the princesses of disney. cinderella was one of my favorites because i always was so enchanted by the story. any child or family members will enjoy this wonderful and magical story.we have cinderella who is a beautiful girl enslaved by her wicked step mother and ugly step sisters. she cleans and cooks for them without ever receiving thanks. the only friends she has in the world are the mice in the attic that are so charming and musical. when the ladies receive an invitation to the king's ball to find a lady for his son, the prince, a.k.a. prince charming, they all get excited, cinderella overhears the exciting news and asks if she could come too. her step mother makes a false promise and says if she does her chores and such, she can come too. of course, she doesn't keep her promise and destroys a beautiful dress she and the mice made for the ball. leaving poor cinderella behind, a wonderful thing happens, cinderella's fairy god mother appears and creates a beautiful dress and carriage out of things from around the house and even makes the mice and horses into elegant horses and a driver for the carriage. when the prince sees cinderella at the ball, he has fallen hard for her. all the ladies are jealous, including her step mother and sisters. but cinderella must return home at midnight when the spell is broken, all she leaves behind is her glass slipper. the next day the prince is on a hunt to find this girl who fits the slipper and is making a stop at cinderella's house where her step mother has found out about her night and locks her in her room. can she escape in time to tell the prince that it was her at the ball? you'll just have to find out. trust me, this is a true disney classic with beautiful animation and classic music that is so charming. you can't help but fall in love with this masterpiece. a dream is a wish your heart makes, this movie captures everything a girl could want.9/10

people criticise disney's animated features of the 1950s for being overly glossy, set in landscapes that are much too pristine. that criticism is just. and yet it can't be the whole story, because the two least glossy - "alice in wonderland" and "peter pan" - are also the weakest. "cinderella", on the other hand, set in a world in which the very dirt sparkles, is clearly the best.it does look good. the backgrounds are subtle and consistent; the colours are pure without being too bright. the animation varies a bit. i'll swear that some of the humans are rotoscoped - but then, the rotoscoped humans (including cinderella herself) aren't full-blooded characters in the script, so this approach works well enough. it's really the animals that make the movie. i think the studio had never quite used animals in this way before, as totems rather than sidekicks. the mice, for instance, are the creatures who draw us into the story; but they are really representatives or allies of the more colourless cinderella. the cat, lucifer, is a kind of witch's familiar to the wicked stepmother. (the cat is brilliantly conceived and animated - one of the best feline creations of all time. the supervising animator was ward kimball and he modelled it on his own cat. i wonder how he put up with the animal.) this approach allows the animals to steal the show without drawing our attention from the main story. their actions are of maximum interest only in the light of the main story.among the supporting cast the notable humans are the king and the grand duke. the king is a one note character - he wants grandchildren and appears to have no other desires at all - but the note is struck in a pleasing fashion. the grand duke is a put-upon character who deserves to be lifted out of his sphere as much as cinderella does. (although he, of course, is richer.)"cinderella" is disney's return to features after an eight-year hiatus, and neither with it nor with any subsequent movie would he recapture the raw brilliance of his early years. moreover he made things hard for himself by picking "cinderella". she's a passive heroine and there's not much anyone can do about that. (maybe i'm wrong on this score - i haven't seen the recent "ever after".) nonetheless it is remarkable how successful disney was in bringing this unpromising story to life, without cutting across the grain of its spirit.

legendary movie producer walt disney brought three of the world's greatest fairy tales to the screen. they remain among the most popular animated films of all time. the first was his groundbreaking classic "snow white and the seven dwarfs" released in 1937. the last was the then-under appreciated "sleeping beauty" which made it's debut in 1959. in between these two was perhaps his most satisfying adaptation of a classic fairy tale: "cinderella" (1950). of the three films, "cinderella" is the one most faithful to its origins. ironically, unlike "snow white", which for better or worse, became for many the definitive version of the story. "cinderella" did not follow the same path. although it was a hit and, like "snow white", was responsible for restoring the dwindling disney fortunes, it never achieved the same audience recognition which it certainly deserved. disney, for once, did himself proud, electing not to tamper with a classic, instead elaborating and adding substance to the tale, rather than rewriting it for the screen. the result was enchanting. a combination of superb animation (in beautifully soft technicolor) and the perfect voice talents brought the story to life with a radiance that endures to this day. ilene woods, who was a radio performer, recorded demonstration discs of the songs as a favor to the authors of the material, al hoffman, mack david, and jerry livingston. when disney heard them, he knew he had found his cinderella. and indeed he had. woods heartfelt renditions of "a dream is a wish your heart makes", "so this is love" and "oh sing sweet nightingale" are perfect. eleanor audley, who would go on to voice maleficent in "sleeping beauty", masterfully captured the icy cruelty of the stepmother, while rhoda williams and lucille bliss were convincingly nasty stepsisters. luis van rooten admirably performed as both the king and the grand duke, and james macdonald was endearing as both jaq and gus, cinderella's devoted mice. william phipps has little dialog as the prince (future talk show host mike douglas provided his singing voice) but film (and disney) veteran, verna felton was born to play the fairy godmother, and she made the best number, (the oscar-nominated "bibbidi-bobbidi-boo") her own show-stopper. among the artists responsible for the "look" of the film, was mary blair, whose inspired use of color was greatly admired by disney. her elegant french-period backgrounds add tremendously to the quality of the movie. but, most important of all' are the believable characters--from cinderella, right down to lucifer, the stepmother's deliciously evil cat. they bring both life and vibrancy to the often told story, something very difficult to create in an animated film.in conjunction with the film's 55-year anniversary, (and, not so coincidentally, the coming holiday season) "cinderella" has just been released on a special edition dvd. it simply has never looked better. the fully restored film must be seen to be appreciated--suffice it to say, it looks wonderful. an enhanced stereo soundtrack has been added, and serves the music well. the dvd extras, now a standard part of disney platinum editions, are too numerous to list here, but as usual, some are directed towards children, some are slanted to adults, and the rest fall somewhere in between. but real fans will want to get the deluxe gift set, because, along with an actual cell from the film and eight character sketches, it includes a 160-page hardback book, which not only incorporates most of the material found in the book with the 1995 special edition home video release, but much more as well. as usual for disney, "cinderella" will only be available for a limited time. so, if like me, you are a "cinderella" lover, get it now! this edition is truly a "dream come true."

edmund burke said that "all evil needs is for good me to do nothing." hollywood often gives us trash because not enough families go to see quality films. this movie was uplifting story of the loss and restoration of faith. it had no violence, no lewdness, and did not deserve a pg rating. the western scenery was filmed well, and some of the vistas were simply breathtaking. actors were a bit young for their parts, but otherwise believable and talented. music score was too loud, and in some places drowned out the dialog completely. i'm seldom surprised by movie endings any more, but i was pleasantly surprised by this one. sometimes the good guys do win, and they win by honest efforts. we liked the movie and the message, and would recommend it for the entire family.

despite what the title may imply, "pigs is pigs" does not star porky pig. rather, it features a young swine with an appetite more insatiable than john belushi's character in "animal house". his mother repeatedly scolds him, but it does no good. so much so that he goes to another house where a deranged scientist force-feeds him more than any mere mortal can handle (but there's a surprise at the end).i would mostly say that this cartoon seemed like a place holder in between the really great cartoons (daffy duck debuted three months after this came out). but make no mistake about it, they do some neat things here. the whole force-feeding sequence looks more relevant today, given the obesity epidemic overtaking our country.anyway, not the greatest cartoon, but worth seeing.

some people think that the second series was where scooby was ruined..i disagree totally.the shows quality did not go up or down and scrappy ,win my opinion,as a very good chrecter.i looked at a poll on jumpedtheshark.com and 72% of people said scrappys second series was scoobys downfall.ok so loads said yes but 28%still cant be wrong.i do like the way most of the episodes focused on comedy.i believe the show would have gone rubbish if it was the same 5 people/dog solving mystery in same formula.scrappy was a breath of fresh air to the show.sure,some people tuned out but when scrappy was introduced viewing figures doubled.back to the show.all the episodes and segments were very funny.i was intriguded by the yabba shorts and .but at the end of the day its a matter of opinion if you like scrappy or not is a matter of opinion,there is certainly no fact involved.but in my opinion this was a superb series that gave a beginning to tire show a new formula and lease of life.nuff said.

this was actually my favorite series of scooby doo when i was younger. i thought each episode had more of an edge to it and the villains had a lot of creative thought put into them (and even very scary and believable as well). some of the best episodes were "i left my neck in san francisco", "twenty thousand screams under the sea", "the ghoul, the bat and the ugly" and "when you wish upon a star creature". if you have never seen these episodes please do. this series was a bit of a mixed bag though as there were other episodes which didn't seem to have the same kind of edge to them such as "rocky mountain yiiii!" and "the ransom of scooby chief". as like the series before it, it was very well put together, interesting storyline and brilliantly drawn. as everyone says though, it would have been so much better without scrappy doo. the character was tiresome and distracting to the story that was being told.

this show started out with great mystery episodes. i think everyone is in the first 15 or 16 episodes. after that, the show started playing short episodes with shaggy, scooby doo, and scrappy doo.i think hanna barbera productions had to change 20 minutes episodes into short episodes. some of the voice actors became unavailable. after 15 or 16 episodes, frank welker (who played fred) became unavailable. i think the voice of velma changes after first 12 episodes, because the first voice actress who played velma was unavailable.and the network ordered the hanna barbera studio to make more shorts with shaggy, scooby doo, and scrappy doo, because the ratings were high. so they had to make more shorts. i wish they were mysteries like 15 episodes. still it is a good show.

despite disney's best efforts, this is a rather enjoyable movie about following your dreams. i was surprised that it didn't strike me as over-sentimental; this movie played fair. dennis quaid was very, very good in the role, which is saying something for a sports movie. i can't recall how many sports movies have had little quirks that bother me; here, everybody looks the part. this movie is surprisingly good, and i predict that it will do surprising business as it is a g-rated movie that doesn't require the viewer to stop thinking. ebert to the contrary, this movie is a success.

i just saw this movie tonight, opening night. it was great!! i'm a big fan of sports movies, and this was right up there as one of my favorites. dennis quaid was great. (oh, by the way, mr. quaid, if you read this...my sister lives in austin, where you live.....and she was supposed to buy you a drink once...well...she kinda stood you up...but she didn't mean to! :c) [not that anyone's going to believe that...]) anyway, it's a great movie. everyone who likes a good sports movie, should go out and see it! :c)

this is a movie that plays to everyone's emotions. we all want a second chance at things. jim morris got one, followed his heart and got a chance to live his dream. what a great message and what a great delivery by this movie.

i knew i was going to see this when i saw the first preview. dennis quaid was one reason, but the theme of holding on to your dreams speaks to me. people talk about this as a movie for kids, but i think it's a movie for baby boomers who are coming to terms with aging, infirm parents, our own mortality, our kids growing up and leaving us, and all the other things we never thought would happen to us. the movie doesn't fall into the trap of tragedy; it's about what living your dreams means when you have a real life. quaid is too small for a pitcher but he makes it look good, and rachel griffiths makes a small part as the wife into a thoughtful, layered performance. the camera-work is slow and sweet. when they put this movie together, they left out anything that wasn't necessary. very nice.

disney might just be on to something here. first, they had "remember the titans" with denzel, a story based on truth involving sports and a small town in middle america. now, with quaid and the rookie... yet another sports story based on truth.both movies move you to tears at times, and both make you smile and feel all warm after seeing them. my wife and i took in the rookie and we expected it to be a great feel good type movie. we were not let down, when asked if we'd be buying this on dvd when it comes out, it was a no-brainer. most definately.

the rookie kept me smiling from beginning to end. dennis quaid played the role to perfection. the little boy that plays his son was fantastic. he made this a father-son movie to remember. the messages are good ones. follow your dreams. failing at the pursuit is alright as long as you try. the excitement is palpable. i believe this movie will be a classic.

this is the best picture about baseball since redford whacked the natural our way. dennis quaid and rachel griffiths light up the screen with a great story and a cast that seemed real enough to pull you into their lives. laced with dreams - dripping in reality, the american dream reignites after 9.11 with a true story about the devil ray's mid-life rookie, jimmy morris. australian born actress, rachel griffiths, plays a native west texan better than a lot of texans i know; and dennis quaid was perfection  cast as the wannabe, gonnabe and humble winner with as much psychological baggage as the average viewer in the audience. it's real. the on-screen chemistry works. if you like baseball heart-warmers, you're going to love this film. the ingredients for americana and apple pie were all in there. my popcorn became the a la mode'. and hey: buy the cd! the music rocks and carries the story magnificently! syncing words and music pushes the story forward exactly the way it should, an area that disappoints me more often than not.criticisms: i'd have given the baseball to somebody else. but quaid has something to teach us all about character' and heart. st. rita and the nuns were a nice decoration, but they never really found their place in the story to open and close around them. a little long. worth every minute in the last analysis. 8 / 10. 

this effort is based on the true story of jim morris, a high school science teacher/baseball coach, who is inspired by his players to try out for the pros and fulfill his life-long dream of playing in the majors. dennis quaid, no stranger to sports films, plays morris with enough conviction to make the part work and the producers do a credible job of recreating the real-world events that led to morris brief stint as a relief pitcher for the woefull tampa bay devil rays. the first half of the film, dealing with his rag tag bunch of high school baseball players (all of whom look way too old to actualy be in high school) is less effective and probably a bit too long. overall the film does suffer from some pacing issues and a few extra subplots that we probably could have done without. however, it is still a fairly involving movie with an inspirational theme that proves once again that baseball is the national pastime for a reason. grade: b-

what a fun movie experience! i was expecting a sappy kids movie and found that i enjoyed it more than my teens. take a tissue, it's not sad, just 'moving' in parts. finally, its a 'feel good' flick for the whole family. note: it's 2+ hours, so consider leaving the littlest 'squirmers' home for this one. ap

the film had many fundamental values of family and love. it expressed human emotion and was an inspiring story. the script was clear( it was very easy to understand making it perfect for children)and was enjoyable and humorous at times. there were a few charged symbols to look for. the cinematography was acceptable. there was no sense of experimentation that a lot of cinematographers have been doing today(which quiet frankly is getting a little warn out). it was plainly filmed but had a nice soft quality to it. although editing could have been done better i thought it was a nice movie for a family to enjoy. and the organization of information was just thrown at you which was something i didn't like either but in all it was a good movie.

'the rookie' was a wonderful movie about the second chances life holds for us and also puts an emotional thought over the audience, making them realize that your dreams can come true. if you loved 'remember the titans', 'the rookie' is the movie for you!! it's the feel good movie of the year and it is the perfect movie for all ages. 'the rookie' hits a major home run!

as a huge baseball fan, my scrutiny of this film is how realistic it appears. dennis quaid had all of the right moves and stances of a major league pitcher. it is a fantastic true story told with just a little too much "disney" for my taste.

the movie actually has a fairly good story, but gets bogged down in several key places. it's almost as if the director threw the movie together without taking the time to make some essential cuts in the film. dennis quaid does a fairly decent job in his role... but something is clearly missing from several key scenes.this 2.5 hour movie could have been reduced to about a 2 hour movie. and probably would have been a much better film had it not had the feel as if it was thrown together.

as predictable as a hallmark card, but not without merit, the rookie makes for a solid outing. dennis quaid, the most reasonable jock actor working today, is absolutely perfect as the science teacher turned baseball player jimmy morris. the film is never dumbed down for the children, as would be expected from a g rated film. as a sports film, the rookie is one of the best i have seen since any given sunday.

i was impressed that i could take my 5 year old son to this movie without having to cover his ears or eyes. no sex scenes, no profanity, and not even any violence. just good entertainment, enjoyable from beginning to end. dennis quaid pulls off this movie very well.

i had low expectations for this movie, but i was looking for something unchallenging for an evening. i walked out of the theatre totally delighted and somewhat surprised. this is a very fine baseball tribute film, and a nice lesson about pursuing your dreams. dennis quaid does a masterful job with his role, and i was touched by his performance. definitely worth a full price ticket and a couple hours of your time!

this a great disney flick.it is the story of an aging high school baseball coach(dennis quaid),who was once on his way to the big leagues as a pitcher,but suffered a career ending injury.but through series of events,jimmy morris(quaid)gets a try out with a major league team and even makes the roster.this is a great family film.it is inspirational,but doesn't pour it on too thick.it's fun and entertaining.adults will enjoy this movie as well as kids.it is based upon a true story,though i'm sure the filmmakers took some liberties in telling the story.quaid is sensational as the title character,very convincing.if you're looking for a film the whole family can enjoy,look no further.9/10

this is a feel good film, about one person's dreams and the drive or push to realize them. it is a beautiful and inspirational film. why do some people have to try and find fault with every film that comes out, especially the good ones. dennis quaid gives a good solid performance in this true story of jim morris, a science teacher and high school baseball coach who is pushed by his team to take one more shot at a professional baseball career. with excellent supporting cast, including brian cox, as the crusty old ex navy officer who has let so much of his son's achievements go by without his support. it was good to see him as something other than a villain in a film. if i have one complaint with this film it is this: don't ever let royce applegate sign the national anthem again. seriously, this film belongs to that handful of great baseball films like "field of dreams" and "the natural." it rates two thumbs up and a big "well done."

this was truly a great movie. i loved dennis quaid and the entire baseball team. jay hernandez is also a very likable actor that is very enjoyable to watch. the chemistry the team had once they got things together was spectacular, it just goes to show what you what can accomplish when minds unite as one with one goal. this team came back from the brink, having multiple losing seasons to winning just about everything. i love movies like this as they really are very inspirational.on top of that, dennis quaid's character getting a place in the major leagues. you can't do anything, but root for this guy. it just seems like when someone is supposed to do something, they are going to do that. things just happen to fall into place and makes everything click.based on a true story, this film will really make you think about the fact that "nothing is impossible."

once upon a time hollywood produced live-action, g-rated movies without foul language, immorality, and gore-splattered violence. these movies neither insulted your intelligence no manipulated your emotions. the heroes differed little from the crowd. they shared the same feelings and bore the same burdens. since the 1970s, the film industry has pretty much written off g-rated movies for adults. basically, modern mature audiences demand large doses of embellished realism for their cinematic diet, laced heavily with vile profanity, mattress-thumping sex, and knuckle-bruising fisticuffs. these ingredients constitute the difference between g-rated movies and those rated either pg or pg-13.miraculously, director john lee hancock, who penned scripts for clint eastwood's "a perfect world" (1993) and "midnight in the garden of good and evil" (1997), hits a home run with this g-rated, feel-good, four-bagger of a baseball epic that not only celebrates america's favorite summer time sport, but also extols the competitive spirit of the game. essentially, "the rookie" resembles the 1984 robert redford saga "the natural" about an old-time slugger who makes a comeback. unlike "the natural," "the rookie" shuns swearing, sex, and violence.moreover, rugged dennis quaid plays a real-life individual. jim morris' autobiography, "the oldest rookie: big-league dreams from a small-town guy," served as the basis for mike "finding forrester") rich's unpretentious, norman rockwell-style screenplay about white, middle-class aspirations. morris attained his dream when he debuted on the mound as a relief pitcher in 1999. although it doesn't belong in the same league with the inspirational james stewart classic "the stratton story" (1949), "the rookie" qualifies as the kind of movie that hollywood rarely makes anymore because audiences find them antiquated.hancock and rich encapsulate their entertaining oddball biography in a halo of mysticism. a wildcat oil prospector convinces two catholic nuns back in the 1920s to bankroll a west texas well. fearing they have blown their bucks on an ill-advised fantasy, the sisters blanket the arid terrain with rose petals and entreat st. rita's patron saint of hopeless causes' to intervene. the well gushes! the town of big lake emerges, and roughnecks swat at baseballs when they aren't drilling holes in the terrain. the spirit of baseball oozes from the earth like petroleum. meanwhile, years later, the u.s. navy doesn't keep jim morris, sr., (brian cos of "manhunter") and his family in one place long before uprooting them. the constant moving takes a toll on jim junior. jim's dad shows little sympathy and berates baseball.nevertheless, jim has baseball in his blood, enough so that when he accepts a high school chemistry teacher's job in his texas hometown, he organizes a baseball team. like the foul-mouthed "bad news bears," "the rookie" chronicles jim's triumph at turning losers into winners. morris promises the team if they reach the divisional playoffs, he will try out for a professional baseball team. predictably, morris' students maintain their end of the bargain. at age 35, jim stuns the big league scouts when he hurls fastballs at 98 miles-per-hour! "the rookie" never fouls out.

this movie, to me, is about family. jimmy morris lived his dream not just for himself, but for his family. i can't begin to tell you how i would be able to tell my little girl that daddy was going to kansas city to cover priest holmes and the kansas city chiefs. she'd think it was the coolest thing, like morris' son did. living dreams with the family is what this one is about. i think only a father who has a close relationship with his family can truly appreciate what jimmy morris did.

this is one of my favorite sports movies. dennis quaid is moving and convincing in the part of a man who gave up his dream of being a baseball pitcher when his arm gave out on him. as a high school coach, he challenges his players to win the division championship by telling them he'll try out for a baseball team if they do. they win (partly because of all the batting practice they take with a coach who can pitch over 90 miles an hour), and he keeps his side of the bargain--and is signed! if you have ever decided to try something new and terrifying as an adult, jim morris's story will resonate with you. it is moving and inspiring, and the man's relationships ring true. inspiration is not the only reason i rent this one, though. dennis quaid is just downright purdy in the part, and a baseball movie with a good-looking man changing a diaper is my idea of heaven. ladies, if you feel the way i do, check this one out.

this movie has several things going for it. it is a "feel good" story. the characters and actors are likable, realistic and present fine performances. most important, i believe, is that dennis quaid knows how to grip and throw a baseball. robert redford looked good both throwing and swinging a bat in "the natural, and so did kevin costner in "for love of the game" and "bull durham." in "major league," tom berenger and charlie sheen looked like they knew what they were doing, but many of the others did not, and that picture was pure silliness - and not very funny. so many earlier baseball movies, even where the stories might be interesting, presented such a lack of baseball ability on the part of the leads, they were ludicrous in this respect. in "the stratton story" and "strategic air command," jimmy stewart looked about as believable as a professional baseball player, as your overweight, non-athletic, elderly uncle in the softball game at the family reunion. other virile and physically robust stars (e.g., gary cooper as lou gehrig; robald reagan as grover cleveland alexander; and dan dailey as dizzy dean) also exhibited a degree of baseball ability that would put them in the late rounds while "choosing-up" for a game at the sunday picnic (even if coed, and even if your uncle were involved). the scenes of quaid's high school team he coached, the ones where he attends his tryout with the devil rays, and those with him playing in two minor leagues and in the american league, all ring true. the participants are believable and capable. in addition, he is an engaging actor who always delivers a talented and appropriate characterization (except, to a degree, some of his "over-the-top" scenes, and his forced accent, in his portrayal of jerry lee lewis). but he's definitely on-target here, and this movie is a "9," as good, or better, as any others of this genre, except for "the natural."

i first saw this movie 3 years ago, and it was introduced by then disney chief eisner and the real jim morris.about a month ago, it came back on tv, and this time i taped it. since then i must've watched it at least three times.this is a wonderful, inspirational, feel good movie that is intelligently written and believably acted by everyone concerned. it resists going for every sentimental trick in the book, as well as all of the other clichés.it is refreshing to see a movie where the kids aren't jerks and have a whole slew of behavioral issues, and the jocks aren't portrayed as testosterone driven muscleheads.these are just normal people who have dreams like you and i.in my opinion, hollywood as gone the other extreme to what they term "gritty realism", making movies where everyone curses, and has problems with aggression.this movie is about a man who has a dream, and is encouraged by friends and family to pursue that dream. the people in big lake tx seem so personable that i want to move there.as i said b4, the film doesn't try to go overboard with sentimentality. dennis quaid, as usual, never disappoints. i've watched him from the late 70's, and he is so underrated.but this movie has excellent performances from everyone concerned, and kudos to the writers.a gem in the movie is near the end when jim is practicing in the dugout before the big game, and his wife calls out to him from the stands. he rushes over and reaches out to his family. the look on the faces of the three other pitchers sitting on the bench in the dugout is priceless.if you're looking for a change of pace, then pick this movie up.

an end of an era was released here in the states in spring 2002 with "the rookie," a disney live action film that seemed to be the "best for last!!!!!" it took place right here in texas! actually, the story began in west texas, as evidenced by an area code found on a sign over there. it was about a high school coach who was so convinced by his high class baseball team that he decided to go professional!!!!!what i liked about this movie: it was sooo nice!!!!! it was a very good sports movie, ala "the mighty ducks" trilogy. it had also taken moviegoers across texas, from somewhere between the panhandle and el paso all the way to the metroplex (where i live). i can tell because i recognize that ballpark (was "the ballpark in arlington;" now it's "ameriquest field")! it was nice to see disney's "golden age" end here in my area!!!!!r.i.p.golden age of disney1920s-spring 2002"it all started with a mouse...and it ended with baseball." (sobs)10/10

the rookie is based on the true story of a 40+ year old school teacher in big lake, texas reaching the majors. jimmy morris (dennis quaid) is a small-town high school science teacher and baseball coach. his team is losing terribly until the team discovers that their coach played in minor leagues and can throw a pitch 98 mph. after throwing batting practice and a wager is made, jim agrees that if his team wins regional's, he'll try out for the major leagues. the movie tells the story from jimmy being boy to playing in his first game in the majors. it is a great underdog story and a very friendly family movie. dennis quaid makes the movie worth while, giving an emotional performance and is supported by an excellent supporting cast which includes: brian cox, rachel griffiths, and angus t. jones. the story takes a little while to develop and some scenes are a bit slow but it all works in well by the end. the baseball scenes are fun, well-filmed, and portrayed excellently. the movie really isn't about baseball but about one man's quest to reach his dream. it's inspiring, it's emotional, and it's funny. i liked it, i hope you do.the rookie. starring: dennis quaid, brian cox, rachel griffiths, and angus t. jones.4 out of 5 stars.

a fine story about following your dreams and actually taking a stab at doing something about them when the chance strikes. nothing was easy for morris either-he had a family, job, job opps elsewheres, a mortgage, etc-it wasn't like he could just drop what he was doing and blithely hop on the greyhound to play aaa ball for 4 months. it took guts. i am glad that they showed his indecision, almost up 'til he got the callup to the majors.i can remember seeing him pitch against the red sox(i think...), it was a great story. though morris actually looks more like john kruk or a mills watson than quaid-that's okay. quaid does a very good job playing the man, the teacher, coach and 'oldest rookie'.... as someone who is in the the same age group, i certainly can id with his plight. you're not quite too old to do what you had dreamed of as a kid, but it's getting there. you have to do it sooner than lator.believably told, nicely edited, paced, acted, good to see the familiar faces of the late royce applegate, brian cox and rachel griffiths here.good job all around, glad to see it hit.*** outta ****...who woulda thought that the tampa devil rays woulda been the subject of such a good movie early on?

walt disney's "the rookie" is based on the story of jim morris, a former minor league picher who made one of the most amazing comebacks in sports history, ending an almost 10 year retirement and making his major league debut in 1999 at the age of 35.the film opens with a brief synopsis of morris' childhood, which included a series of re-locations - his father was a military man. and even when his family settled for good in football crazed texas, morris' passion for baseball remained strong.the childhood segment then jumps ahead about 23 years to the adult morris (played by dennis quaid) who is now a baseball coach and chemistry teacher at big lake high school (in real life it was reagan county high school in big lake, texas). it is mentioned that he attempted a career as a baseball player but that it didn't work out.morris's team is struggling and he lectures them about giving up on their dreams. they turn the table on him, telling him that he should try out for a major league team. at several times when he pitches to them in practice, they express amazement at the speed with which he throws. morris seems unconvinced but agrees to a deal with his players in which if they win district, he will try out for a major league team.big lake does win district and, adhering to his end of the deal, morris attends a tampa bay devil rays try out. phenomenally, he throws 98 miles an hour - faster than he threw during his minor league career and an outstanding speed even for a major league pitcher. after another try out with the team, morris is offered a contract with the devil rays.this leaves him with a tough decision - stay in his comfortable life or once again pursue his major league dream by going through the minor league grind of making little money and spending months at a time away from home. and the decision is even more agonizing than during his first minor league stint because he now has a wife and three children.morris signs with the devil rays, begins at the aa level and moves up quickly to the aaa level, one level below major league baseball. but as the season winds down, the chances of him getting "called up" grow increasingly slim.for the most part, i love this movie. there are lots of great performances and likable characters and it's easy to find yourself really pulling for morris. also, the movie does a great job portraying professional baseball at both the major and minor league levels. and most of all, it teaches the timeless message of holding tight to your dreams even when they seem distant and almost impossible to achieve.still, the movie has some flaws. while generally accurate, it exaggerates and even fabricates a few things. check out http://espn.go.com/page2/s/closer/020410.html for some examples. also, except for one scene in which he prays with his players, the movie completely ignores morris' christian faith. but considering disney's left wing zeal, that's not surprising.presumably, a lot of the exaggerations/fabrications were done to make the story more dramatic. yet the 20 minute documentary on morris that is included on the dvd features some information that makes his story more dramatic but is excluded from the movie.for example, from birth until his family settled in texas for good when he was 12, morris re-located 14 times. and his initial minor league career ended after four surgeries through which he lost half of the muscle in his left (pitching) shoulder, thus making his throwing 98 mph even more inexplicable.to fully appreciate and understand the story of jim morris, it's good to not only watch "the rookie" but to watch the dvd's documentary, check out the aforementioned link to the movie's inaccuracies and probably also to read morris' biography, also titled "the rookie." i haven't read the book but i hope to one of these days.but overall, "the rookie" is a very good portrayal of a miraculous story and is a powerful testament to the power of dreams and the triumph of the common man. 8/10

i love it when they actually do a sports story well. so many in the past have been so hokey it was embarrassing to watch. not this one. it's just a genuinely nice movie, an old-fashioned type of story - and based on a real-life guy to did exactly what dennis quaid did in this film. he plays a high school coach who is talked into trying out, late in life athletically-speaking, to become a pitcher in professional baseball. eventually, he reaches his goal of making it to the major leagues, even if it was a very brief stint.all the characters in here are nice people, the kind you root for, from quaid to the players on his high school team, to his little boy (angus t. jones, now somewhat of a star on television.)quaid is believable in playing jim morris because, unlike actors in the past in sports films, he knows how to throw a baseball. he looks like a pitcher, a guy who could fire it 90-plus miles per hour. and, most of this film is true, as testified by the real-life pitcher in one the documentaries on the dvd.so, if you're looking for a nice, inspirational true life sports film, you can't wrong with this one.

why a good actress like elizabeth berkley stars in this commonplace movie???!!! the cast gives some good performance (elizabeth berkley as a barbie girl, ele keats as a girl without mother and justin whalin, a guy eternally lessened by his bother), but the direction is extremely boring and the story is not so interesting and original. i can not believe that a movie like this was produced for the big screen! julie corman (the producer): are you crazy???!!!

forget the jaded comments that come before these. this is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. well-acted, even by elizabeth berkley. recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.

picture the scene: a mountainous alien landscape. twin moons illuminate the blood red sky. the tardis lands, and out steps the doctor, a middle-aged man in a victorian frock coat, and rose, his companion from earth. a flicker of recognition crosses his face. "well, i never! its the planet saurious-7. where i fought the warlike kraggartians. they tried to use giant skinkons to take over the planet.". the girl sniffs the air. "can't we go, doctor. i don't like the look of this place. i keep thinking we're being watched.". the doctor wags a disapproving finger. "don't be silly, girl. i wonder if the king and queen of cordaraby city remember me from my last visit. come along, rose, come along!". he strides off, the girl struggles to keep up. high on a hill, sinister red eyes regard them with hatred... that was not how 'rose' began back in 2005, and thank heavens for that say i. unfairly derided at the time of its original u.k. broadcast, 'rose' can now safely be regarded as a landmark episode, putting 'dr.who' back where it belonged, as one of the b.b.c.'s flagship programmes. the mistakes made by the mcgann t.v. movie were well learnt. instead of trying to shoehorn the new 'who' into existing chronology, it represented a fresh start for the series, beginning with shop girl rose tyler ( billie piper ) going about her daily routine. one day she goes to the basement to find a man named wilson, and then the trouble begins. mannequins come to life and attack her. it is only through the intervention of a mysterious stranger ( christopher eccleston ) that she is saved. the story, slight though it may be, is more than adequate as a starting-point for the series. the autons are, of course, an old villain ( this was their first appearance since 1971 ), but no references are made to their past appearances - another wise move. the finale effectively recreated the famous scene in 'spearhead from space' when shop window dummies sprang to life. as the doctor, christopher eccleston lacked the eccentricity of his predecessors, preferring a modern leather jacket to the doctor's traditional period clothes, but this made him more accessible to the show's hoped-for new audience. billie piper confounded her critics by making a big impression as 'rose'. also good was noel clarke as her boyfriend 'mickey'.yes, there was an added emphasis on special effects, but then there needed to be - the wobbly sets and unconvincing monsters of the past have no place on 21st century television. what is more important is how good a script this is. ten million people tuned in to see the new doctor.'dr.who' was back - and back with a bang!

they did it. and, boy, did they do it fantastically or what! the bbc finally brought the doctor back to our screens on a saturday evening where he belongs! and they did it with style! episode one: "rose" - one of the strengths of the new series is russel t davies as a writer and executive producer. he's a fan of the show and knows what the other fans want, but also is an experienced writer in his own right, so knows what other people want. another strength, as perfectly shown here in this first episode, is billie piper and her character of rose tyler. finally the doctor's companion gets a credible back story and a strong character. also nice to see the return of the autons - a nice nod to the classic series there.episode two: "the end of the world" - in the start of this double bill to show off the tardis' strengths, we end up in a story where special effects is everything! they now have the technology to create real, believable environments and monsters - no more rubber suits of sorts! also the hints at the end of this episode regarding the new doctor's past - very intriguing to kill off all the time lords and make him the only one.episode three: "the unquiet dead" - we've had the future, now lets have the past. the first non-davies written episode is a little flat in some places, but this is made up for by simon callow's charles dickens and the sudden twist in the plot when it is revealed the pitiful gelf are not so pitiful after all...episode four: "aliens of london" - the consequences of the doctor's actions are fully explored in this series, not least with the repercussions of rose running off with him. also, we have our first cliffhanger; not the best of ones admittedly. the slitheen are an interesting villain, though they can look too cgi for their own good.episode five: "world war three" - the second part of this story about the slitheen suffers mainly from the same problems of the first. also, the clips from the next episode coming up at the end of the current episode are annoying and spoil it for people.episode six: "dalek" - yes! we've had the future, the past, and the present(ish), but now we get to the good stuff - the return of the doctor's arch-nemesis. here i think we can complement christopher ecclestone - he was brilliant as the doctor, and no more so then in this episode, where we see the pain on his face as he recollects the time war and the alien nature of him as he almost turns into a dalek himself.episode seven: "the long game" - really only a story to act as a prologue for the series finale. saved by simon pegg as the smarmy editor and tamsin grieg in an amusing cameo. the media are controlling us - that's never been done before, has it...episode eight: "father's day" - this is a great episode. full of human emotion and heartache for rose, and the true consequences of what happens when you really muck up history. full marks to billie piper here.episode nine: "the empty child" - i don't find this kid very scary. sorry, but i don't. it's a good episode though, but the cliffhanger still could have been better - it's those "next time" bits that spoil them. john barrowman is introduced here as captain jack, the dashing conman - he's a good actor who's been around for a while but only seemingly noticed now.episode ten: "the doctor dances" - part two of this ww2 story - very well made in historical context terms. a nice upbeat ending, though a little confusing perhaps for younger viewers when the "mummy" is revealed? episode eleven: "boom town"- probably the weakest of the series, but that doesn't mean its bad. a nice return for the slitheen and also an interesting character study of the doctor and rose.episode twelve: "bad wolf" - this starts off quite silly, with some good-hearted humour and cheeky fun making at popular tv shows over her in blighty. things turn deadly serious quickly, though, and the revelation at the end is the best cliffhanger in the series! episode thriteen: "parting of the ways" - goodbye christopher ecclestone. a fantastic doctor in so many ways, david tennant is having to really work his socks off to be as good as him. the regeneration scene at the end is beautifully played. oh, and the daleks are back - in the extreme! god bless cgi, because they'd never be able to pull this off normally! overall - brilliant! 9/10

as essential a part of british pop culture as the monty python and james bond, doctor who was a massive hit for 26 years (1963-1989), making it one of the longest running tv shows in the world (most serials are lucky to have ten seasons). plans to reboot the series were always on the bbc's agenda, and after a miscalculated (not to mention americanized) tv movie produced by fox failed to capture the magic of the original version, another nine years (comic relief spoof and animated mini-series notwithstanding) were required before the ultimate time lord could return properly, courtesy of acclaimed writer russell t. davies.davies' brilliance in reintroducing the character lies in his decision to do so through the eyes of an outsider: rose tyler (billie piper), a london-based girl who leads a very normal life until one night she is attacked by creatures made out of living plastic. she is rescued by an elusive stranger who introduces himself simply as the doctor (christopher eccleston) and then disappears after quipping: "nice to meet you, rose. run for your life!". as she gets more and more curious about this "man", she soon finds herself in a whole new world: aliens, invasions, travel through time and space, and of course, the omnipresent police box-shaped tardis.the first 45 minutes of the new doctor who are almost perfect (the special effects could have used a bit more polishing) because davies nails two things: the show's unique humor and the two protagonists. the original series' most endearing trait was its blend of spectacular sci-fi and pure british comedy, a hybrid that's hard, if not impossible, to export. here the laughs are all linked to the conversations between rose and the doctor, who come off as fully rounded characters after just one episode. okay, so technically eccleston's doctor is the ninth to use that name, but he distances himself from the previous eight incarnations by speaking with a northern accent (the one he uses on a daily basis) and justifying it with a terrific line: "lots of planets have a north!". the real triumph of this episode, though, is piper's performance: in theory, rose is in her late teens, therefore nearly the same age as thousands of young viewers who had never heard of the doctor before. her portrayal of an ordinary girl lost in a new, exciting universe, represents the new generation's reaction to the return of a tv icon, and the chemistry that instantly forms between her and eccleston is a sign indicating the new doctor who is just as good as the old one.first, fifth, ninth, it makes no difference: there may have been others before eccleston (and piper, for that matter) but together he, william hartnell, peter davison and the rest of the bunch are one single character, one so cool he doesn't even need a name: he's the doctor.

when you start watching this animation-masterpiece, you quickly notice, that it's a european production. although the europeans have (sadly) integrated some of the clichés you would normally find in an american production of this kind, most are missing. one of these is that there is an overwhelming evil that only our (very few and very unlikely) heroes can vanquish. another is that one of the group is only in the business for the money, is greedy, runs away when the heat is up but somehow gives in to his better nature. this movie would have been better off without both.the movie is based upon a tv-series that was out four years before the movie. unlike the movie, the tv-series is a cartoon and not a computer animation. at first i thought the computer would kill the charm and character of the plot but i was quickliy convinced: whoever did the animation knew his or her stuff! although the characters are obviously fictional (in stills they don't even look real), they seem as alive and sentient as the audience following their quest. making characters who by "normal" standards could be considered deformed (those micro-legs could never carry that giant body let alone make it jump) so alive and lovable is more than "just a highlight"! the creation of the world is another masterpiece. not so much because of its looks but because of the inventiveness of it. the world our heroes travel is not solid like our own but is made of many pieces of land varying in shape and size that seem to be floating in mid air. when a person steps on a smaller fragment of ground, it nods a little bit as if feathering from the weight. in some cases up and down no longer apply but our heroes still manage to get a foothold somewhere. although the world of floating islands is completely surreal, in this movie it is absolutely believable and after a short time it doesn't seem any weirder than running into a car somewhere in new york.i wrote that the looks of the world aren't as breathtaking as the idea. as true as that might be to my mind, the quality of the world, the characters and the attention to details is staggering. although the faces of the characters have relatively few attributes, emotions can be read as clearly as in sean connery's or dustin hoffman's face. the world around the characters is wonderfully colourful and no two settings are alike. the background is always in motion, something is always going on which makes the world seem even more alive. if you stop the movie and look at the background you will be surprised how many details you can find.the existence of hector actually puts the cherry on top. hector is a furry little "thing" (possibly the equivalent of a dog in our world) who is totally lovable and extremely funny. although he isn't really important for the main plot, he would be missed like scrat would be in ice age. the really cool thing about hector is that you need to speak gibberish to understand him.if the movie is so great, why didn't i give it 10 stars? well, the plot in itself was rather thin. two hunters are sent out to rescue the world from a really bad dragon who wants to swallow the world, isn't really original. that in itself wouldn't be much of a problem. what i missed was the background information. what kind of a dragon was this and why did it look that way? i love mythical stories but if they get too thin then they seem to be written after the movie is finished in a feeble attempt to give the whole thing some depth.another thing i didn't like was zoé. although a little girl like her could be considered adorable, she was somewhat of a pain in this movie. she seemed pretty resistant to all types of learning about reality, kept dreaming of some hero from a story book and basically slowed the others down. she would have been ok if she had developed a little more and a little earlier in the movie - or had been less of a girly to start with. to me the idea of this girl who was there to twist the story a little backfired on the writers.all in all, this is a really good movie for just about all ages.

the world of the dragon hunters is a 3d gravity challenged world. planetoids, bits of buildings and strange flat plants float around in the atmosphere while the ground towards most of the characters are falling is nowhere to be seen. it is a world reminiscent of neverending story, when the nothing came to eat the world away.funny enough, the villain here is the world gobbler, as well. this time it is a huge skeleton dragon with fiery eyes. the heroes are a big yet taciturn warrior, an annoying and greedy sidekick managing the entrepreneurial side of the duo and a strange useless animal. they are joined by the most talkative little girl in the world who, to my chagrin, did not die a horrible painful and hopefully early death.the animation is great. the voices and the sounds are top notch. too bad the story is as simple as one can possibly imagine. they go to stop the world gobbler, they reach him almost immediately, they defeat him. the end. no real character development or story twists. not even the ones i would expect from a movie with such a plot.bottom line: it's a cute thing to watch, kids would probably enjoy it, but that's about it. no depth to this world (pun intended).

this is a cgi animated film based upon a french 2d animated series. the series ran briefly on cartoon network, but its run was so brief that its inclusion as one of the potential oscar nominees for best animated film for this year left most people i know going "huh?" this is the story of lian-chu, the kind heart muscle, and gwizdo, the brains of the operation, who along with hector their fire farting dragon,he's more like a dog. travel the world offering up their services as dragon hunters but never getting paid. into their lives comes zoe, the fairy tale loving niece of a king who is going blind. it seems the world is being devoured by a huge monster and all of the knights the king has sent out have never returned or if the do return they come back as ashes. in desperation the king hires the dragon hunters to stop the world eater. zoe of course tags along...what can i say other then why is this film hiding under a rock? this is a really good little film that is completely off the radar except as unlikely oscar contender. its a beautifully designed, fantastic looking film (the world it takes place has floating lands and crazy creatures) that constantly had me going "wow" at it. the english voice cast with forrest whitaker as lian-chu (one of the best vocal performances i've ever heard) and rob paulson as gwizdo (think steve bucsemi) is first rate. equally great is the script which doesn't talk down to its audience, using some real expressions not normally heard in animated films (not disney nor pixar). its all really well done.is it perfect? no, some of the bits go on too long, but at the same time its is damn entertaining.if you get the chance see this. its one of the better animated films from 2008, and is going on my nice surprise list for 2009.

dragon hunters has to be the best-looking animated film i've ever seen. it was jaw-dropping. the film is about a couple rogues in search for some cash, their weird furry blue dog that pees fire, and a girl who dreams about becoming a knight, and they are sent on a quest to go to the ends of the earth to kill the world gobbler, an impossibly immense dragon. but honestly, it doesn't even matter what the film is about. because, it is jaw-droppingly gorgeous. the gravity in this fantasy world is different, so blocks of architecture and spheres of land float around amidst cathedrals and castles and villages alike, and there are forests of floating lily pads. the world is so creative, so uniquely beautiful, with a sort of muted storybook look to it. the world looks like a set of gorgeous paintings. the monsters are visually stunning as well, like a fire dragon comprised of a swarm of evil red bats. some of the plot isn't too original, like the main protagonists wanting their farm a la of mice and men and never seem to be able to make it in the world; but the gorgeous graphics, some seriously sinister scenes, and emotion-evoking dialog makes this film spectacular.

what people fail to understand about this movie is that it isn't a beginning, middle, and end, it is just the conclusion of a 26 episode long tv series. so remember that when you all talk about how the world wasn't explored enough. that was all done in the tv show.as great and stunning as the visuals are, i think the ***spoilers*** argument between lian-chu and gwizdo near the end of the film was what really made me love this movie. seeing characters i had followed through 26 episodes fight like that was agonizing, and seeing gwizdo walking sadly off by himself amidst the floating ruins while lian-chu sharpened his blade was almost tear-jerking. then we got a total contrast with lian-chu fighting these insanely awesome dragons (which had been featured before in the series) while gwizdo is babbling insanely and indirectly threatening to kill zoe. *shudder* i'm surprised that this particular scene hasn't been mentioned more in the warnings. any kid that has a lick of sense will be able to see that gwizdo wasn't himself and was fully intent on strangling that little girl. it was enough to bother me, and i'm 15.the world is amazing, the plot is a lot better than most multi-million blockbusters, and it was a nice way to see some of my favorite characters go. check it out. :)

my 3 year old loved it. i loved it, my wife loved it. so 10 out of 10 from our family. as for violence level? not really that violent, mostly of the slap stick variety. nobody truly dies, no gore, no blood, no torture, so it certainly is appropriate for children, much more so than many saturday morning cartoons.this movie really takes the idea of cg movies where it should go.first of all beautiful graphics, textures wonderfully done, with true depth, not trying to be realistic, but forming an artistic whole. the moss on the stones, the rust on metal, the reliefs on the wood and the stone, everything adds to the whole.character modeling, unlike many contemporary cg movies, is quirky, not cute, again within an artistic whole. the faces may look less malleable than in some other movies, but the characters are more puppet-like than human-like. i think that is a good thing, it lends veracity, how strangely it may sound, it is easier to suspend your disbelief.hair, fur, clothing, on par, at least with the likes of pixar. just note in the opening scenes when lian-chu is fighting the giant slug; gwizdo is in front of some farmers, and all of them have detailed clothing which caused me to pause the movie just to admire it.the setting. far beyond the likes of cars, and even walle. space has been done many times, but the fantasy environs of dragon hunters are only comparable with some scenes in never ending story and lord of the rings, but again it is an artistic whole, and with lots of good ideas thrown about effortlessly. magnificent vistas like the scene in monsters inc. where they ride all the doorways through its storage facility, or walle where we see the immense trash towers he made, abound in this movie, everything is grand, yet never dwelt upon; it is just the background the whole way! the interlude where they walk through the area with the fantastic falls. the chinese wall, the islands floating in the sky. the broccoli in the sky? that is truly where i believe cg should go, make something which takes your breath away, and do it again and again.the sound is good, the music is varied and not only epic, and thankfully without any vocals, and purely original for the movie.animation is quite good. lending its inspiration to cartoons, especially some good use of stretch and squeeze. sometimes not that realistic, but the 3d models are not realistic either.characterization is well done too. lian-chu the gentle and uncertain giant is gradually growing in confidence basking in the attention of little zoé.gwizdo the wily manager of lian-chu redeems himself in the end, while zoé isn't really changed at all, but who wants that cute child to change anyway? i at least loved lian-chu more than any other recent character since sulley in monsters inc.the internal strife in the group gets ironed out by the external pressures, just as it should in a proper fantasy story.the story is mostly reminiscent of the never ending story, especially how the world brakes apart. the monsters are pretty standard fare, except the flocking one. it lacks the emotional impact of walle, which is the really strong point of that movie, but it is a much more fun ride, and lacks the annoying musical scene replaying in the former one, and has action from the first scene. this movie is what you want to watch for a fun and exciting time.the whole movie has, as i've mentioned a whole vision, which seems to have been followed rigorously throughout.it seems, that the setting is ready for more adventures, and i for one would hope so.one side note, the french actor doing lian-chu sounded a bit like jean reno at first, but i'm happy it wasn't him, though he is one of my favorites. nice to hear a new, to me, voice.i give it a max rating, a bit surprised at the mediocre and low ratings by some; i have tried to address some of the concerns made by two of the reviews with the lowest vote. approach this movie as an adventure, and as a european movie, not opposed to hollywood, but different.

after watching the trailer i was surprised this movie never made it into theaters, so i ordered the bluray. i had a great time watching it and have to say that this movie is better than some major animation movies out there. of course, it has its flaws but i can still really recommend it. the animation is well done, very entertaining and unique and the story kept me watching it all the way to the end. some of the backdrops are just drop-dead gorgeous and you can see the french talent behind it. i thought that forest whitaker's performance feels a bit lifeless but that is how the character lian-chu is depicted in this movie. so overall, thumbs up, i liked it a lot and i hope it is successful enough for all the studios involved to continue making great movies like this. i would recommend to give it a chance and be surprised how great a movie can be with such a small budget. hektor alone is worth watching the movie since some of his moments are stitch-like hilarious.

this movie took my breath away at some points, i simply loved it! i admit that the character dialogs and storyline could have been done a bit better, but hey, this is just a simple (short) story of a couple of guys trying to slain a dragon, there's nothing more to it!the overall design, atmosphere, the beautiful landscapes... it's all just magical! they've put a lot of love in this movie. character designs were great and funny. a bit tim burton-ish if you like. i can recommend this movie to anyone interested in great design, displayed in a simple small, but lovely story.

my first impression would be this is beowulf only with all the good bits of fighting grendel and dragons intact, making it one thrill ride from start to end. written by frederic lanoir and arthur qwak, the two of them had created a fantastical landscape that becomes a character in itself within their story, with its ever changing environment made up of small spheres of land floating around, which can either be wastelands, or globes of greenery.the story's a simple one, which tells of a land which is cowering in the expectation of a mighty dragon's unwanted visit to plunder and destroy, and the resident knights have all but been annihilated. enter the king's granddaughter zoe (marie drion) who gathers lian-chu (vincent lindon), a huge brute with immense strength but truly a gentle giant, and his partner-in-arms gwizdo (patrick timsit), who balances the partnership with his cunning brain. lian-chu and gwizdo (together with their pet creature which too proudly spews incipient fires) share a common dream of owning a farm land and spending idyllic days tending to their farm animals in retirement, but in order to do that comes the requirement of being financially free, hence their career in monster-extermination which doesn't exactly pay off.that's basically the whole gist of it, but what makes this film a spectacle, is its cg graphics, which is solidly rich, detailed, and an eye-popping marvel to behold. it has some wonderfully crafted set action pieces that were painstakingly designed to draw you into the thick of the action,, and during those fight sequences, there's nary a boring moment. photo-realistic moments of non-existent landscapes make you put aside the fantasy of make-belief, and it's easy to be in awe of the landscape which goes beyond the usual three-suns and a kaleidoscope of flying thingamajigs (here's having at you george!) and i couldn't get enough of the finale battle as well, though the usual brick-bats will find some fault at the indestructibility of the principle characters.i guess this film had opened my eyes that there are many more computer-animated companies out there around the world that have quality in their product to match that of pixar's. and this is definitely a movie that the local filmmakers of zodiac: the race begins and legend of the sea can learn from  to keep the story effectively simple, and let your moving artwork do all the talking. definitely highly recommended!

i voted this a 10 out of 10 simply because it is the best animated story i have been able to see in quite some time. the animation is stunning. the artwork behind each and every landscape was beautiful. from the colors to the lighting to the not standard fare of artistry. i was amazed. moving beyond the beauty on the screen, you are immersed in a storyline that is at once timeless and at the same turn fresh. character development is brief yet these touchstone moments are exactly what is needed to clue the viewer in to what and why and how the character has come to where they stand. i'm impressed with the entire affair and think this is a must see for the entire family.

have you heard the story about the reluctant heroes who were hired by a king to slay a dragon? oh, you have? was it set in a world entirely composed of small islands floating above clouds, and did the heroes have to make dangerous leaps from one island to the next on their journey? did water flow upwards and remnants of great cities levitate on the horizon? i didn't think so.i stumbled onto this movie by accident and i'm really glad that i did! it's one of the most beautiful movies i've ever seen. much like the pixar movies, it's a piece of computer animated art that could only be possible in today's world. the animators have invested thought into almost everything that appears on the screen, and this attention to detail is staggering (the scene where the mushrooms in the foreground belch green smoke whilst the characters walk obliviously in the background is one of my favourites). the monsters are also fully realised and wonderful to watch in action.although the plot may not be entirely unique, the movie has enough charm to make sure you keep watching. our protagonists are likable and interesting, ensuring the audience is behind their almost impossible quest to reach the end of the world and destroy the dragon which might otherwise devour everything in its path. of course, hector is the character most will fall in love with. a small blue creature with a crazy grin and a tendency to speak a mixture of nonsense and english, hector provides comedy relief in a way jar jar binks could only dream of.in summary, i'd recommend watching the dragon hunters if you get the opportunity. watch it for the incredible animation, the breath-taking battle scenes and for a glimpse into a world that's unlike anything else you've seen on a cinema or television screen. at the very least, it's a fun way to spend an hour and a half - no matter if you're nine or twenty-nine (which, in fact, i am)!

this is my first review on imdb, i didn't really want to write one but since there are only 2 for this great movie right now, i feel compelled to add my perspective...and no, i'm not associated to the movie makers in any way (yeah yeah how often did you here that before ;-) ) fyi i'm in my late 20s1st of all i have to admit i really like animated movies, because what you see is only limited by the imagination of the creators and they were pretty imaginative on this one. not so much in terms of story but in achieving a very unique and imo fresh visual style. the characters look good but far from real and it works well for the movie, after all it's a fairytale-like world. but the backgrounds and the world in general is filled with awesome visuals that my jaw dropped several times while watching this. the blue, bunny-like mini-dragon steels the show and has easily some of the funniest moments of the movie, he is already an instant classic, much as scrat from ice age. the story is not too surprising (a bunch of anti-heroes have to go out and slay the biggest dragon you can imagine) but who cares if the movie looks and sounds that good ;-) 1 thing i have to point out, imo the movie is not suited for very young children because it has some darker scenes in it and maybe frightening for kids under 6-8 i would say, these are only very few scenes but worth mentioning imo. anyway i had a great time watching this and can't wait for it to hit the stores in high def to watch it over and over again just for the sheer beauty of it.8,5 for me

for a long time i haven't seen so beautiful animated feature. having healthy respect for pixar, i must say that ratatouille or any other movie made by 'em can not be compared to this. animators have created an incredibly beautiful world here. the graphics is amazing, the background surroundings are mind-blowing, almost every object in every frame is drawn perfectly. sometimes i felt tingles down my spine - so much i loved what i've seen.the plot is absolutely romantic. as romantic as the animated film plot can possibly be. the characters are lovable, especially hector, the blue rabbit, he owns, pawns, rocks and rules! the other char-s are very nice also. the humor is top-notch.generally it seemed that creators didn't invest much effort into this. i mean it looked like it didn't take em too much in difference from people of pixar&dreamworks who try hard every time to think on something new. and i'm very glad that a product of european animation studio turned out to be so great. they've made a magnificent, touching movie, a candy for eye and heart.the only minus is stupid beginning and that's why it's 9of10 not 10/10

this is a real eye candy. a world made of floating islands and flying ancient cities. huge monsters whose preferred method of attack is hurling cathedrals at their opponents... who can resist that? an ancient prophecy, a bunch of underdog heroes and a cute princess in search of her hero... sounds familiar...? yes we heard that song before. but you will forget that while looking at the spectacular scenery.this movie is fun to watch while it lasts. but after leaving the cinema you'll be longing for a little bit more story.what is behind the 30-years-circle? what drove the knight crazy? who built all these fabulous monuments, castles and cities... and why are they falling apart? and apart from that one bunch of farmers, where are the people? really, this picture looks so intriguing, but it's no lord of the rings.

i remember liking this more than nausicaa of the valley of the winds at an age when that tone of story was too serious for me. laputa, whose title seems to have affected its release in the u.s. to avoid confusion to its wide hispanic audiences, has the cartoonish knack of the director's debut production conan. in fact, pazu has the thick bones and immortal vitality of conan--who jumped off a thousand stories carrying his girl in his arms and landed on his feet, then started running. this makes him the most animated and pleasing character to watch. the techie fans of nausica may be disappointed by the flying bugs and the retro technology through out laputa--the only exception may be the robot. unlike princess mononoke and valley of the winds, the theme in laputa is not directly connected to environmentalism. if it has a theme at all it's anti-warfare. the importance of living naturally--this is related with the flying castle, is dismissably shortly discussed, and not really followed through. overall, i now regard the piece as being at an intersection between feel-good and corny.

the first time i ever saw this movie was back in the 1980s as a wee lad. my dad actually recorded it off the tv. i must have watched is over 20 times, before the relatively recent release on dvd.i of course bought and watched the dvd and was taken aback by how much the dialogue had changed. in the first version, which i still have on vhs, the mood of the film, thanks to the dialogue, was actually very dark. however the new version, featuring van der beek et al, is more comic.to put it another way, it's like watching the original us release of akira with that dub, before watching the remastered version with the literal translation of the japanese.i'm in no way complaining, the story and quality of animation are not detracted from, but it does raise the question of whether miyazaki intended for a lighter or darker narrative and theme in his film.....

this film is amazing and i would recommend to child and adult alike. the animation is beautiful, the characters are rich and interesting, and the story is captivating; far better than anything the american studios were producing at the time. however, there is a couple of caveats to this statement. it's a shame that disney bought the studio ghibli back-catalogue and then proceeded to butcher it. my main point being, disney re-dubbed the film, despite the original english version being very impressive. the new cast with van der beek et al ruined it and took away much of the attractiveness of the characters e.g. pazu and sheeta went from adventurous companions to whiny teenagers. the original music score is also far better than the disney remix. it begs the question why did disney make such changes? it seems to me is that by having van der beek et al being cast then disney can draw in more money, which is fair enough, but in the process they tainted they film. it is still a beautiful film and i would still recommend it to anyone. my main beef is that disney ruined a film from childhood which i loved and still love. i am lucky enough to have an original japanese import with the original english dub which i am now going to guard with my life!

saw this on sbs tv here in australia the other week, where it was titled "laputa: castle in the sky". i had enabled subtitles and i think sbs provided their own for that, which, as usual, was of very good quality.just looked up "laputa" on wikipedia and it confirms what i suspected...the floating island of this tale is taken from the classic jonathan swift novel "gulliver's travels", which was published in the early to mid 1700s.anyway, this is an engaging japanese fairytale, which features an english speaking voice-cast. it's suitable for young children, i think, but it does run at just over two hours in length, so it may be too long for some, though not for an adult like me.the story concerns two children who seek to find a legendary floating island which has a castle on it. the children are not the only ones looking for this island. they have pirates, the army and spies looking for the island too, and looking to capture the children (sheeta, the girl, voiced by anna paquin, and pazu, the boy, voiced by james van der beek) in order to help them find it.the graphics are magnificent...sort of photo-realistic at times, especially the scenes of stonework lit by torch-light, or the pretty scenes of bright, sunny days, with white clouds, or mist.recommended.

like many americans, i was first introduced to the works of hayao miyazaki when i saw "spirited away." i fell in love with the film and have seen it many times. now i am on a search to see every film by miyazaki. one of his earlier works is "castle in the sky." although it's still enjoyable, it's not as good as "spirited away" (though comparing this or any film to his 2002 masterpiece is perhaps unfair).a young boy named pazu (james van der beek) is working in a mine late one night, when he sees a girl fall slowly from the sky. when she wakes up the next morning, she introduces herself as sheeta (anna paquin). but sheeta has a secret, and before he knows it, pazu is pulled into an adventure that will lead him into danger with pirates, the army and a lost floating city.going into a film by hayao miyazaki means you can expect one thing: a sense of wonder and magic. many filmmakers have tried, but no one can create a sense of magic and awe like miyazaki. watching a film by miyazaki is like experiencing a fantastic dream from your childhood.because the film is animated, dubbing the film does not pose much of a problem because it is next to impossible to determine whether or not the lip movements match up to the words. it also helps that the translated dialogue is well-written and voiced by talented actors. the voice acting is varied. james van der beek fares best. he brings an irresistible enthusiasm and excitement to the role of pazu that is perfect for the character. anna paquin is nearly as good as sheeta. she's frightened by the events going on around her, but she knows what she has to do. mark hamill is unrecognizable as the evil muska. he's dangerous and wants something from sheeta, and will do anything to get it. the other voices are bad. cloris leachman is awful as dola. leachman may have won an oscar for "the last picture show," but she's annoying as the pirate leader. leachman gives the character an obnoxious squawk that's nearly always monotonous. it's so bad it nearly ruins the film! jim cummings is an effective voice-over actor, but he's miscast as the general.i would definitely recommend seeing "castle in the sky." i'll probably end up buying it myself. but even though it's not as good as "spirited away," it's still pretty good.

retitled from its original japanese name of laputa (for being an offensive phrase, something which director hayao miyazaki was oblivious to at the time), castle in the sky is the master animator's third film, and it's one of his most beloved of all time. initially a box office disappointment in its 1986 release, it has since been embraced by critics and audiences around the world. inspired by jonathan swift's "gulliver's travels", castle in the sky is a steampunk-themed action adventure tale about two young orphans -- young miner pazu, and mysterious girl sheeta (who wears a magic crystal around her neck) -- who team up to find the long-lost island of laputa, which is rumored to have great riches and gems. they are aided by a band of bumbling yet sympathetic air pirates led by the feisty dola (who at first chase them, yet turn out to be true allies) and pursued by the government headed by its villainous topmost-secret agent, muska, who wants the power of laputa for his own benefit.for anyone looking for an exciting way to spend two hours, this film is an excellent choice, featuring just the right amount of humor, exploration, wonder, and mystery to keep one interested. the artwork, although not as spectacular as in some of miyazaki's later movies, is fantastic and gorgeous enough to watch with imaginative characters and locations, incredibly exciting action scenes, and breathtaking flight sequences that will make one feel giddy. and while the characters that populate this tale are less complex than miyazaki's other works, each has a memorable, endearing personality that stays with the viewer long after the film is over. dola, in particular, makes for a terrific comic character, shouting orders to her dimwitted sons one moment and being protective of sheeta the next. muska is one of the few miyazaki creations to ever come across as an irredeemable villain, but like dola, he commands every scene he's in with a sinister charisma that is both alluring and chilly.anime fans have often compared this movie to gainax's sci-fi adventure series nadia: the secret of blue water. after all, both works share similar story and character elements... not to mention that they were both created by miyazaki himself. where both differ is in their execution. nadia, although charming for the most part, suffered from taking a wrong turn at its midway point, devolving into cartoonish nonsense which all but distracted from the main plot, even though it did have a strong ending. castle in the sky, on the other hand, remains consistently entertaining and focused for its two hour running time, and is all the better for it. while the film's epic tone is sometimes broken up by some "cartoonish" moments, like a brawl between pazu's boss and one of dola's sons, it's never to the point that it detracts from the film.about eleven years ago, disney released an english version featuring a cast of big-names such as james van der beek, anna paquin, cloris leachman, mark hamill, mandy patinkin as well as some cameo appearances by veterans such as tress macneille and jim cummings. it also features an ambitious reworking of joe hisaishi's gorgeous musical score for a performance by the seattle music orchestra (interestingly, the man behind this rescore is none other than the composer himself). as much as purists have cried blasphemy over this version for its occasional extra dialogue and the aforementioned rescore, miyazaki had no such problems; in fact, he is said to have applauded the reworking, and for good reason, because the newly rerecorded music is truly the star of the new dub. while there are some instances where filling in some critially silent scenes from the original japanese is a bit jarring (notably the journey through a dragon-infested storm cloud), the overall reworking is fantastic and in many ways improves on the original, particularly in scenes such as when a robot attacks a fortress and the climactic moments toward the end. here, hisaishi displays his musical versatility and genius for matching music to visuals. as far as the performances in the dub go, the leads are probably at the short end of the stick; james van der beek's pazu sounds significantly more mature than his character, while anna paquin's sheeta speaks with an odd accent that fluctuates at times (a problem which actually works in favor of the character). that said, both do good jobs overall and provide a fairly believable chemistry throughout. it's the lively supporting cast, however, that really make this dub so much fun, particularly cloris leachman's dola and mark hamill's muska. both are perfectly cast and steal every scene they're in; as with the rescore, these two really warrant a listen to the disney dub. the script adaptation borders on the loose side at times--there's quite a bit of extra lines and/or commentary (some of which are pricelessly funny and others somewhat overdone)--but aside from at least one debatable alteration (sheeta's speech in the climactic showdown "the world cannot live without love" as opposed to the original "you can't survive apart from mother earth"), the overall characters, story, and spirit remain fairly faithful to the original. on the whole, there is little point comparing the disney version to the original language track; each puts their own stamp on this legendary masterpiece, and i like them both. (they're also better than streamline/jal's more literal but frightfully robotic, lifeless, abysmally acted and poorly written older dub from the late 1980's; don't believe anybody who says this version is "superior" to disneys--trust me, the opposite is true.) either way, though, you can't go wrong with castle in the sky. it's one of miyazaki's all-time greatest, and i highly recommend it.

the first of the official ghibli films, laputa is most similar to its predecessor nausicaa, but whereas nausicaa was a sf epic, this is more of an action comedy-adventure with a fairly weak sf premise.for the first half hour of the movie i thought i was going to love it. once again you find yourself in awe of miyazaki's attention to detail, and his ability to conjure up an imaginary world in meticulous, beautiful perfection. the animation, though still not in the league of the later ghibli films, is a little better than in nausicaa.i mentioned in my review of nausicaa that one character is drawn in a more 'lupinesque' anime style. here there are a whole bunch of them: the pirates. they provide the comic element in the film, though quite why it needs a comic element i'm not sure. there was nothing funny about nausicaa, and i think it was better off for it. still. having said that, dola, the pirate leader, is easily the most memorable character in the film (even if she's basically a female long john silver. don't be surprised if you're reminded of 'treasure planet' at times) and is well voiced by cloris leachman in the american dub.the english voice cast acquit themselves well for the most part, actually. however something started going pear-shaped for me about this movie by about the halfway mark. i think the best way that i could describe it is that the characters get swallowed up by the vast scope of the story. i'll come back to that later.there is so much to admire about laputa, and so many people obviously love it, that i almost feel mean for only giving it 8 out of 10, but for me the operative word here is 'admire'. it was more impressive than personally affecting, and at over two hours it just started to drag.the crucial thing for me was this: i really found that i didn't care much about any of the characters. disney would have taken the care to develop the characters, make you really fall for them, rather than leave them as relatively two-dimensional pieces to be moved around while you gawked at the amazing vistas in the movie. even that would have been tolerable if there was some hard sf in the story to make up for it, but it was basically a lot of gobledegook about princesses and magic crystals. that's where laputa falls down as far as i'm concerned, and that's what holds it back from being a potential 10 out of 10 movie. having said that, it must be admitted that miyazaki was leagues ahead of disney in general in 1986, when you consider that their movie of the same year was the pretty dire 'great mouse detective'.laputa is a good film in some ways an amazing film, and you should definitely see it, but i do feel it's over-rated. i definitely prefer the earlier 'nausicaa of the valley of the wind'.btw, if you manage to watch them in chronological order, watch for the fox-squirrel from nausicaa popping up briefly in laputa.

it is an almost ideal romantic anime! must see for all ages! but the english dubbed version is not too good. perhaps the 1999 version will be better.

this is the best dub i've ever heard by disney, as well as the best adaptation since the biggest abuse ever on soundtrack, themes, characters, dialogues in kiki delivery service. urrrghhhthis one has different atmosphere, especially the deviation from the common heroine. this one has both hero and heroine (although i don't really endorse the use of hero & heroine here, since miyazaki is out from the stereotype & common theme). as usual, after being introduced by spirited away, amazed by mononoke, troubled by grave of fireflies, and deeply touched by majo no takkyuubin , this one start with a bit doubt in my part. wondering if this will be the first ghibi's dud. well, in the end just like only yesterday and whisper of the heart, i ended up giving 10 rating. i'd give 9.8 rating, but the additional 0.2 is there to share the good feeling by encouraging people to see the movie.spoiler somehow i see this as a sad movie, people die in this one, the lonely robot, the abandoned place, and it ends with destruction. it is as if mankind really can't live with too much power. the collapsing scene gave me patches of metropolis ending. it's just sad somehow. the plot is apparent in most reviews and the soundtrack rules as well (as always). joe hisaishi really belongs to uematsu, kanno, williams caliber.people who can brings a movie, a game, an event to life, even to be a lingering moments by astounding composition.this is a feel good movie that used to be part of us cinema in the classic days (it's a wonderful life etc etc). well, things change....

i just realised i've been using imdb for years now and i've never reviewed my favourite film. by favourite i don't mean something i like for now, i mean this film is so supernaturally perfect that there is never another animated experience going to touch it. this is obvious because i am never going to be a child again; i saw this film on itv in the early nineties. i was 12 which is the age group this film is directed at, i'm also male, the gender that this film is intended for (the overwhelming majority of miyazaki's protagonists are female). consequently this film indelibly inspired my childhood psychology and i am forever indebted to carl macek (sp?) for producing the english dub of this film which is far superior to the di$ney production which is not even funny - i've never even been able to watch that one - of course subtitled is the only way ultimately however the macek version is so good (the voices almost exactly corresponding to the original japanese actors) that this version is available on the japanese dvd! it's not available on any distribution in an english-speaking country. go figure.there are hundreds of competent reviews so i'm going to put some trivia here, not that i'm the definitive archive of information for this film.first up i'd like to agree with the reviewer who stated that you need 20 out of 10 to review miyazaki's films - they are so in their own league that they make almost the whole catalogue on imdb combined pale into insignificance.the fascinating story with this film is that miyazaki based the countryside around slag's ravine (pazu's town area) on the welsh mining communities. he visited wales for a few months in the early 80s (might be late 70s) just after one of the great mining strikes. being an avid supporter of the student socialist movements in the sixties he felt their plight. the fight between the townsfolk and the pirates at the beginning serves to illustrate this empathy with the working man. the countryside and the clouds especially in this film remind me of where i grew up as his film depicts a fantasised version of the rolling hills of the midwest british isles.the island is of course from swift's genius satirical novel of the eighteenth century - the story in swift's book is, deliberately, ridiculous. in castle in the sky, miyazaki weaves together myths such as atlantis and the tower of babel - i think the architecture in addition is based on peruvian ruins though i'm not sure, someone told me that.anyone who gets round to reading this review and who likes this film really will want to check out miyazaki's epic series mirai shounen conan - future boy conan - based on the short sci fi novel 'the incredible tide' by alexander key (novel is available online). conan is basically a prototype for laputa's pazu and shita. in addition you may not be familiar with his earlier work for masterpiece theatre - some of his key frame animation. he also did key frame for sherlock hound - this has some of the finest backgrounds i've ever seen too. also check out miyazaki and takahata's first feature film horus prince of the sun (1968) - amazing by today's standards in fact. what else... gauche the cellist and the flying ghost ship - though they're pretty rare.this film is such a gift, i don't know what we'd do without it with all this other crap storytelling around, this is like an oasis. arigatou miyazaki-sensei!

castle in the sky is undoubtedly a hayao miyazaki film. after seeing it for the first time i'm glad to say that it doesn't disappoint. on the contrary, you get your time's worth, which means (as to what miyazaki's films are concern), that is nothing less than excellent! produced early in his cinematic career, castle in the sky anticipates many of the trade marks in his later movies, with strong (but young) female characters, forced to grow up due to external circumstances, helped out by very interesting (and some times lovable) supporting characters. and, of course, the usual battle of nature versus civilization, flying machines (lots of it!!), beautiful painted sceneries  but alas, no pigs ( at least that i've noticed, after all i have only seen it once). never the less, miyazaki had already got his theatrical debut two years earlier, with nausicãa, which was a dress rehearsal for princess mononoke, his magnum opus. castle in the sky is set a bit a part from these two, with a soft action packed first 30 minutes, resembling his tv series conan, and his directed episodes of meitantei holmes. in here we are introduced to sheeta, a girl who literally falls from the sky, only to be found by pazu, a young boy working in a little countryside mining town. intrigued by her amnesia and suspecting a connection between her and the mysterious flying city of laputa, pazu is set on helping her find out where she came from, whilst escaping the army and a gang of air pirates. as the movie progresses, the plot gets heavier and much more interesting, revealing myiazaki at his best. the sound track is very reminiscent of spirited away, (or vice versa, as castle in the sky was produced first), and much like its director, joe hisaishi _the composer_ starts with a very light score, that gets more complex and beautifully fitting as the plot goes forward! a note to the english dubbing, with a good interpretation from the two lead stars, although anna paquin's sheeta has a very thick accent (which the actress still had at that point in her career), and a heads up for mark hamil as muska, making up for a delighting yet devilish villain! don't miss this one people!

i never met a single person (out of hundreds) who hated this movie. bet that anyone who votes it down is a petty saboteur, or a victim of one. this film has everything. ask yourself, "are you a fan of. . . ?" then go see "laputa".it's not my favorite movie, but my favorite is directed by the same person (hayao miyazaki). in any case, this one ranks among my top five. and i've seen a lot of movies.

i've seen the original english version on video. disney's choice of voice actors looks very promising. i can't believe i'm saying that. the story is about a young boy who meets a girl with a history that is intertwined with his own. the two are thrown into one of the most fun and intriguing storylines in any animated film. the animation quality is excellent! if you've seen disney's job of kiki's delivery service you can see the quality in their production. it almost redeems them for stealing the story of kimba the white lion. (but not quite!) finally miyazaki's films are being released properly! i can't wait to see an uncut english version of nausicaa!

lapyuta (castle in the sky), more than any of hayao miyazaki's movies, brings the joy of storytelling to the audience. it is the kind of movie that makes one feel like a kid again; it's just magical. it's a crime that it took this long for it to be released in the states, but now that it's here check it out! and stick with the original language; the dub changed my impressions of the characters somewhat, which is something that should be avoided at all costs in a translation of a movie (or book, whatever.)i give it a ten/ten.

hayao miyazaki's second feature film, and his first one to be widely acclaimed both commercially and critically (though his debut - nausicaa aka warriors of the wind is considered by many fans his best), 'tenku no shiro rapyuta' aka 'castle in the sky' may seem childish and simplistic when compared to his more recent masterpieces like 'kiki's delivery service', 'mononoke-hime' and 'spirited away', but in 1986 it was years ahead of its time and it was one of the milestones of modern anime. it's important to remember that 'castle in the sky' was made two years before the revolutionary 'akira', and while it's not provocative and controversial like the aforementioned masterpiece, the lead characters are all mainly basic manga hero / heroine / villain type characters, and the story is quite predictable and obvious (at least in today's standards), miyazaki's designs and animation work are of standards never seen before. while the story and humor are a bit silly and outdated at times, the movie is still very entertaining and very enjoyable - if not as breathtaking as 'spirited away'. and if you'll allow yourself to see the beauty of the frames themselves and ignore the low-budget coloring and animation and the identical twin faces - at this point miyazaki is still faithful to his roots and to the agreed standards of japanese cartooning - you'll see miyazaki's genius shine through as well as it does on 'spirited away' and mononoke. while 'castle in the sky', being a sci-fi adventure and very suitable for children, fits in more neatly with classic anime than anything else he had done since, his motifs and principles still show and play an important part. to say much more would be to ruin the movie, so i'll kindly shut up. suffice to say that i'm giving it only nine stars because if i gave it ten i couldn't go any higher for 'spirited away' and 'princess mononoke'. and that would be a crime.as in most anime movies, i recommend watching the japanese version with the english subtitles, even if you don't speak a word of japanese - the english overdubs just don't tend to be very good, and in this case it's just horrendous. you might want to watch it in the english version once, though, just for the laughs, and for the star-filled cast (the english dub was only recorded following the success of 'spirited away', as it was for 'kiki's delivery service') - anna paquin and james van der beek (yeah, the dawson guy!) fill the lead roles, mark hamill (luke skywalker from 'star wars', in case you don't know!) plays the villain, and other roles are filled by andy dick, tres macneille (the simpsons, rugrats, animaniacs...), michael mcshane (friar tuck from kevin costner's robin hood travesty) and mandy patinkin (hello, my name is inigo montoya...) good for a laugh, or a few laughs really. but watch the japanese one first.

breathtaking, this is without doubt the best anime cartoon ever made. i first saw castle in the sky in the late 80s as a child and it left a lasting impression. years went by and i forgot the title of the film, and only by chance browsing on the internet i found this masterpiece again. after reading other peoples reviews and analysis i'm not surprised it has such acclaim and touched so many because it does leave an impression. a true fantasy adventure, a must see for all children and adults. its best not giving the story away so i would say watch this movie will a clear and open mind. if you have kids treat them to this i promise you they will love it. there's not much to say about this piece of art but if you've not seen it watch it and enjoy.

listening to the soundtrack at the moment, the images come back with a vividness that makes my longing for a dry eye very strong (in order to be able to type this). i've seen it twice thus far, and i should be ashamed for having seen it *only* twice.i've seen all miyazaki & studio ghibli films, and they are invariably nothing less than masterpieces (except maybe for nausicaa which was, even in the non-cut up version too premature compared to the nec-plus-ultra manga). still, their strength sometimes becomes their weakness, as they tend to get too naive/positive (chihiro), or, with more nuance, a bit too explicit/moralist (mononoke). at least, compared to for example the other ghibli master takahata (grave of the fireflies / only yesterday / raccoon wars). but not this one.in laputa, miyazaki pours all the brilliant storytelling that tellers of tales have gathered and perfected over the ages, combined with a bit of morale, but nicely interwoven with not only a completely transcendental atmosphere, but also with the humor and amusement of for example totoro. every single main character is perfectly portrayed with their doubts and fears and their qualities that help them overcome difficulties. the pacing is so perfect that i know of nothing except a black hole that would be able to exert such a gravitational pull on your whole being. the story sets out as an action flic with mysteries hinted at, but when the girl falls from the sky, unconscious, floating with the stone, and the main theme kicks in, you get a glimpse of the grand mystery you're about to uncover, but the story then settles and gradually, over a number of carefully selected scenes of action and serene beauty, builds to an unforgettable climax of melancholy, hope, beauty - like, following days of sombre gloom, finally seeing the horizon on a clear morning, knowing the path walked, seeing the distance ahead, but smiling at the mere fact of being able to catch a glimpse of it.it is so like an exploding white light in your skull that if by the time the credits start rolling you have kept your eyes dry and your mind numb, you should see a therapist.despite the fact that technically-image-wise some more recent miyazakis might be more overwhelming, this to me remains his undisputed masterpiece. if you take a fraction of a second to realise that this was made back in 1986, you can only come to the conclusion that hayao miyazaki is a genius like a star that appears only once every 200 years. this of course has been suggested before, but to me this is his only film that can, on its own, fully illustrate that simple fact. if you miss this during your lifetime, you'll die with a huge gap - which would be a pity, as the coffin costs the same.

i know anime. i've been into it long before it became a national phenomenon; i loved ranma before most people knew what dragonball z even was. and just so you know i'm not bragging about my, let me say this: out of all the animes i've seen, castle in the sky is by far one of the best. it's obvious people say spirited away is the best, but i really disagree. most people only know that movie because it one an acedmy award; this isn't an exaggeration - i've shown princess mononoke and castle in the sky to people who'd only ever seen spirited away, and they agree that the latter two are the superior of the three. personally, i'd never thought that anything could compare to princess mononoke, until i finally saw castle in the sky. i still think that the prior is the better of the two, but castle in the sky is easily on par with it; in many ways, castle has major elements that mononoke was missing. in either case, if you've only seen spirited away, and think that that is miyazaki's best film, be prepared to have your earth shaken.

i first saw this film when i was about seven years old and was completely enchanted by it then but for years was unable to find out what the film was called. now i am twenty one and stumbled upon the film by accident about two weeks ago and bought a copy. although my memory of the film was a little hazy i was in no way disappointed by what i saw. the animation in this film is superb conjuring up an entire world that is so believable and so well animated that you are drawn in to the film by that alone. but this film also has a plot that will enchant and entertain adults and children alike. with a floating island, a mad general, a friendly pirate granny and a well constructed love story this film will not let you down i would recommend this film to any one.

hayao miyazaki name became prominent with spitied away, however what is often overlooked are director's first film efforts. who remembers that spielberg directed duel or george lucas directed thx 1138? i remember seeing fragments of this movie - almost certainly the last 45 minutes in late 80s and what stuck with me was the visual lushness of the design and animation. so when i found a copy in a well known store for £9 i couldn't resist but buy it. the odd thing is that the last 45 minutes of the movie do not tally with my memory of it (memory is funny that way).viewing this movie now with all the gained knowledge of artists portfolios is how very like jean 'moebius' giraud some of the artwork is. i can only assume some influence here.when pazu catches a falling girl (sheeta) his adventure really begins - the quest for laputa - a reference to jonathan swift's overlooked portion of gulliver's travels. with healthy references to jules verne it's a basic good vs. bad chase movie with the final portion having the heroes end up on laputa.this is the portion that is strongest in my memory - the 'pastoral' ecological aspect of laputa returned to nature - the multitude of robots covered in moss beneath the giant tree. this is, in my opinion, the highlight of the movie - the views of the surface of laputa, as opposed to the mechanised underground.although this is the dichotomy of this movie - to show that even technology cannot overcome nature - the irony of the last robot tending the garden and animals. the ending of the movie silent running is almost exactly the same.it is incredibly stylish, i would not say 'slick' - very beautiful and organic and a tremendous amount of detail in the buildings, airships and the design and look of just about everything.myazaki is a true master of this kind of japnanese anime. buy this movie and treasure it.

have you ever wished that you could escape your dull and stressful life at school or work and go on a magical adventure of your own, with one of your closest friends at your side, facing all sorts of dangers and villains, and unraveling the mystery of a lost civilization that's just waiting for someone to discover all its secrets? even if you're not quite that much of a fantasy-lover, have you ever wished you could simply experience what it's like to be a kid again, and not have a care in the world, for just a couple of hours? this is exactly what miyazaki's "castle in the sky" is all about. pazu, a young but very brave and ambitious engineer, lives a rustic life in a mining town until one day, a girl named sheeta falls down from the sky like an angel and takes him on a journey to a place far beyond the clouds, while all the while they have pirates and military units hot on their trail. simply put, it is just the incredible adventure that every kid dreams of at one point or another, and i can't help but feel my worries melt away every time i see it.as it is one of miyazaki's older works and takes much place in the everyday world, the film is not as visually spectacular or deep in its storyline as spirited away, howl's moving castle, or even princess mononoke. still, i find it difficult to say that any of these films are superior over the other, because all three of those films are, at some point or another, mystical to the point of being enigmatic, if not perplexing, especially for the youngest of viewers."castle in the sky", on the other hand, doesn't try so much to be an allegory of any kind, and it's not a coming-of-age story either; it is instead quite possibly one of the best depictions of the inside of a child's mind i've ever seen. not only is the artwork beautiful, but the use of perspective from the kids' eyes is just amazing; whether it's the panning up of the "camera" to see the enormous trees or clouds overhead, or the incredible sense of height from looking down at the ground or ocean while hundreds of feet in the air, i just can't help but feel like i'm there with pazu and sheeta, just a kid in another world, far far away from reality.even the kids themselves don't have a complex relationship that suggests a need for hope like ashitaka/san or chihiro/haku; sheeta is pazu's angel, having literally fallen into his life from the sky one day, the absolutely perfect person for him right from the very start. as the film progresses, more and more of their true adventurous childhood spirit comes out through their kind words and beautifully realistic facial expressions. not only are they an adorable reminder of who i used to be, but their endearing friendship never lets up throughout the whole film, only growing stronger all the way to the last frame. for that reason, i've fallen in love with the two of them more than i have with any other miyazaki couple.at the same time, "castle in the sky" is such an easily accessible film because no matter what kind of casual moviegoer you may be, you'll be sure to find your fix here. mystery, action, drama, comedy, suspense, sci-fi, romance, even some western...it's all here, just about everything people go to the movies for (except maybe horror). this why i can easily recommend it as a first miyazaki film; it's perfect for those who have no expectations from having already seen the incredible otherworldliness of some of his more recent works.even the ending song of the film, when translated into english, conveys the sense of longing for the discovery of some kind of lost civilization, and some kind of soul-mate, that could not be found in our mundane lives. "the reason i long for the many lights is that you are there in one of them...the earth spins, carrying you, carrying us both who'll surely meet." miyazaki has always provided poetic lyrics to make ending songs out of joe hiasashi's gorgeous scores, but this is the only one i've seen that's both a touching love song and an inspirational dream. i have found myself near tears just listening to it."castle in the sky" may not be miyazaki's most developed, spectacular, or meaningful work, but it's absolutely perfect for what it really was meant to be: a true vision of childhood fantasy, and a wonderful escape from reality for any adults who wish they could have the same wonderful sense of imagination they had when they were just carefree little kids. sit back, relax, and love it for what it is.

it's always difficult to put a stamp on any film as being 'the best,' whether of all time, a certain genre, or what have you, but i believe a strong argument could be made that in fact, laputa is the greatest animated film ever made. it is in my mind the masterwork of hayao miyazaki, the most talented of japan's animated directors, and it best captures his strengths as a director, storyteller, and designer, as well as encapsulating all of his favorite underlying themes. the version i'm reviewing is the 2003 american dub (i know, sacrilege for a hard-core anime fan to not watch it in its native language); there is at least one other english language dub out there, i have it on vhs (i have no idea from what source), and that version is the single best dub i have ever encountered of any film. but i thought it better to concentrate on the version people can actually find.laputa tells the story of a boy named pazu (voiced by james van der beek here), who's growing up in a mining town when one day a young girl named sheeta (anna paquin) literally drops from the sky. it seems she is being pursued by a sinister government agent, colonel muska (mark hamill), who is more interested in the magical crystal that hangs around her neck. to keep things lively, there's also a wickedly funny pirate gang after the crystal, led by the aging but still boisterous dola (cloris leachman). the plot revolves around the crystal's ability to reveal the location of the fabled flying city of laputa, a potential treasure trove of scientific knowledge and hidden treasure. it's all very much in keeping with a fairy-tale setting, but miyazaki knows exactly how far to take the story, and the plot is peppered with 'gosh-wow' moments and threaded with his customary morality and warnings about abusing the power of nature.the design work on laputa, nearly twenty years later, is still revolutionary. flying machines of all sorts abound, utterly impossible but so meticulously designed that you instantly accept them without blinking. the world is set somewhere around the start of the twentieth century, with telegraphs and ancient motorcars alongside those wonderful impossible flying machines. but it is the city itself that is sheer brilliance in execution; laputa is both the garden of eden and the fire of heaven itself, and in that juxtaposition lies its appeal, its power, and its danger.besides being a thoughtfully designed and beautifully rendered film, laputa is blessed with a wonderful sense of cinematography. from sweeping flying shots to high speed chases on tiny one-man flyers to ships submerging into the clouds as if they were water, laputa displays a scope that most films  even with the magic of cgi  can only daydream about. though we only see a small fraction of this world, its simple elegance extends beyond the borders of the frame and we have no trouble believing in it. the film also contains one of my favorite, if not the most exciting, action sequences ever: a guardian robot that fell to earth is accidentally reactivated and wreaks havoc on the fortress it is kept in, all the while trying to protect sheeta (who was the one who woke it up). meanwhile, pazu and the pirates swoop in on their little flying machines to snatch her, literally, from the jaws of destruction. from the horrific sight of the robot incinerating the countryside to the exhilarating last-second rescue, the entire sequence is a masterpiece of timing and camera angles and knowing exactly how far to take the audience.it helps that laputa has an amazing score. composer joe hisaishi captures the wondrous beauty of this world, the dewy innocence, the exciting action, and the creepy otherworldliness of the flying city and its bizarre robot guardians. though he re-recorded it for this dvd release (which imo is not an improvement over his original score), adding pieces here and there, the score matches the visuals perfectly, a rare total union of sound and vision.this isn't a bad dub. i'm inordinately fond of the older english dub, and this one over-explains things just a tad in spots, but i was almost shocked how closely these voices matched those (and those matched the japanese pretty well). dola in particular is hard to get right, but leachman is spot on as the fiery old pirate woman (her sons aren't quite as good as the original). paquin does a good job as sheeta, and mark hamill, while i knew it was him early, is more than talented enough to do muska (i liked the other english dub of muska a little more, but hamill's good). much of the film rests on pazu's shoulders, and van der beek is wonderful. listening to him made me think this crew must have had access to the other english dub, because vdb matches up very closely with the original pazu. although again watching a dub is grounds for excommunication among the otaku faithful, as much as i love this film, i don't think you're sacrificing a great deal simply watching this particular anglicized version. john lassiter of pixar introduces it up front, and my suspicion is that he, like so many others, simply love this film so much that they tried very hard to ensure its high quality.miyazaki has had success in america in recent years with spirited away and mononoke (one of his few films i didn't care for), but to me laputa is still his crowning achievement. anyone familiar with his later work will almost certainly enjoy this earlier work, and again, this film is a master at the top of his form hitting on every cylinder. i'd pay big money to be able to see this on a large screen; while that will probably never happen, it's good to know that at least this classic has been preserved on dvd.

laputa: castle in the sky is the bomb. the message is as strong as his newer works and more pure, fantastic and flying pirates how could it be any better! the art is totally amazing and the soundtrack, which is reused many times after this, (im not sure if this was the first time i heard it) and evokes in me the most emotional sentimental response of any movie soundtrack. sheeta, the female lead in this movie is totally awesome and the boy, pazu is also a great role-model--he lives on his own! the plot is classic miyazaki. i won't give it away, but the end is really great. i rank this as one of miyazaki's three best with nausicaa and spirited away. also you may want to check out howl's moving castle when it comes out (sometime next year i hope) if you like miyazaki check this one out as it readily available in the usa. enjoy, piper a

by now you've probably heard a bit about the new disney dub of miyazaki's classic film, laputa: castle in the sky. during late summer of 1998, disney released "kiki's delivery service" on video which included a preview of the laputa dub saying it was due out in "1999". it's obviously way past that year now, but the dub has been finally completed. and it's not "laputa: castle in the sky", just "castle in the sky" for the dub, since laputa is not such a nice word in spanish (even though they use the word laputa many times throughout the dub). you've also probably heard that world renowned composer, joe hisaishi, who scored the movie originally, went back to rescore the excellent music with new arrangements. laputa came out before my neighbor totoro and after nausicaa of the valley of the wind, which began studio ghibli and it's long string of hits. and in my opinion, i think it's one of miyazaki's best films with a powerful lesson tuckered inside this two hour and four minute gem. laputa: castle in the sky is a film for all ages and i urge everyone to see it.for those unfamiliar with castle in the sky's story, it begins right at the start and doesn't stop for the next two hours. the storytelling is so flawless and masterfully crafted, you see miyazaki's true vision. and believe me, it's one fantastic one. the film begins with sheeta, a girl with one helluva past as she is being held captive by the government on an airship. sheeta holds the key to laputa, the castle in the sky and a long lost civilization. the key to laputa is a sacred pendant she has which is sought by many, namely the government, the military and the air pirate group, the dola gang (who sheeta and pazu later befriend). soon, the pirates attack the ship and she escapes during the raid. she falls a few thousand feet, but the fall is soft and thanks to her pendant. as she floats down from the sky, pazu, an orphan boy who survives by working in the mines, sees sheeta and catches her. the two become fast friends, but thanks to her pendant, the two get caught up in one huge thrill ride as the dola gang and government try to capture sheeta. one action sequence after another, we learn all of the character's motives and identities as we build to the emotional and action packed climax which will surely please all with it's fantastic animation and wonderful dialogue. plus somewhat twisty surprise. i think this film is simply remarkable and does hold for the two hour and four minute run time. the story is wonderful, as we peak into hayao miyazaki's animation which has no limits. the setting of the film is a combo of many time periods. it does seem to take place at the end of the 1800s, but it is some alternante universe which has advanced technology and weapons. laputa is also surprisingly a funny film. the film has tons of hilarious moments, almost equal to the drama and action the film holds. i think the funniest part is a fight scene where pazu's boss faces off against a pirate, and soon after a riot breaks out. it's funny as we see the men compare their strength and the music fits right in with it perfectly.now let's talk about how the dub rates. an excellent cast give some great performances to bring these characters to life. teen heartthrob james van der beek plays the hero pazu, who has a much more mature voice then in the japanese version, where in the original he sounded more childlike. either way, i think his voice is a nice fit with pazu. anna paquin, the young oscar winner from "the piano", plays sheeta. this is also a nice performance, but the voice is a bit uneven, she doesn't stay true to one accent. at times she sounds as american as apple pie, but at other times she sounds like someone from new zealand. the performance i most enjoyed however was of coris leachman, who played mama dola. not only is this an excellent performance, but the voice and emotion she gives the character really brings it to life. if there was ever a live action laputa movie (g-d forbid), she would be the one to play her, you can just imagine her in the role (well, somewhat). luke skywalker himself, mark hamill is muska, and this is another top rate hamill performance. you may be familiar with hamill from a long line of voice work after he did the original star wars movies, but he renders muska to full evil. his voice sounds like his regular voice and mix of the joker, who he played for many episodes on the animated batman series. rounding out the cast is voice character actor jim cummings, who does a great, gruff job as the general and andy dick and mandy patakin as members of the dola gang.now let me talk about what really makes this dub special, joe hisaishi's newly arranged music! for those who have never heard of him, mr. hisaishi does the music and like all of miyazaki's films, the music is very memorable. each of his scores has it's own personas which fits the particular film perfectly. now, these new arrangements he has done are more "american like", which i think was the goal of the new recordings. don't worry, the classic tunes of the japanese version are still here in great form. the score, to me, sounds to be arranged like this is a hollywood blockbuster. it has more power, it has more emphasis, it's clearer and deeper. the film's prologue, the first seconds where we are introduced to the airships, has some new music (i am not sure, but i believe when we first saw the ships there was no music at all). but a majority of the music has new backdrops and more background music to enjoy. things seem very enhanced. in a powerful scene, the music is more stronger then in the original versions. in a calm scene, it's more calmer. overall, i think many of you will be pleased with the new arrangements an mixes, i highly did myself, and personally think it helps improve the film. i prefer the new score over the old one, and i hope disney will release or license the music rights to a full blown soundtrack.another plus side to the dub is that the story remains faithful, and much of the original japanese lines are intact. in kiki, i'm sure a few lines where changed, and this is the same way, lines have been changed. but a majority are close or exactly the original lines and dialogue miyazaki has written. i was afraid some excellent lines would be butchered, but they were there intact. some new lines have been added as well which help out. but i am not sure whether to consider this a good thing or a bad thing, disney did not translate the ending song, it was in japanese. i was mortified when they did completely new songs for the kiki dub, but with this version it's the original song... in japanese. so i guess it's good it's still the original, but bad since a majority of people seeing this dub speak english.there is a big down side to this dub, and it deals with how the voices match the character's lips. of course in any dub it won't be perfect, but i think in kiki and mononoke the dubbing of lines to match were much better executed (and disney had a little bit more time with this one...). some of the time everything matches perfect, some of the time it doesn't completley match, and in a rare case, someone says something and the lips don't move at all (there's a scene where sheeta chuckles and her mouth doesn't move one bit).as far as things about the film itself, these are my thoughts. i thought the most amazing part of laputa was the animation. from the opening sequence to the ending, the animation is so lush and detailed, you just have to watch in awe. you see the true nature of each character, true detail to their face with extreme close ups and action. you have to give a ton of credit for the effort that these animators put into this film. everything is so well done and beautifully hand drawn, it's like a moving piece of art. and to think, this was done in the mid 1980's. the animation is quite different from disney, ghibli has it's own distinctive flare which is very different, but very good. and after all these years, the colors look as vibrant as ever. laputa also has tons of action sequences, lots of plane dogfights plus a few on ground. these sequences are so well done and so intriguing, it's scary that they are comparable to a big budget action film. and the finale is just something you must see. the sound effects are pure and classic and fit explosions, guns firing and everything else well. and like all miyazaki films, each one focuses on a different theme (i.g. kiki: confidence). this one has a great a lesson on greed and power. people don't realize how greed can take over you, and how having too much power isn't good. people are obsessed with power, and are greedy, and the main villian, muska, greatly shows this.all in all, laputa: castle in the sky was a great film to begin with, and is now improved for the most part. i am glad a more mainstream audience now have the chance to see this classic animated film in all it's glory. with a great voice cast who put a lot into the film with the excellent redone musical score from joe hisaishi, disney has done a nice job on this dub and is quite worthy. though i think the voices matched the mouths better in the kiki and princess mononoke disney dubs, castle in the sky is still a great dub and is worth the long delays because now more can expierence a fantastic film.

i first saw this back in the early 90s on uk tv, i did like it then but i missed the chance to tape it, many years passed but the film always stuck with me and i lost hope of seeing it tv again, the main thing that stuck with me was the end, the hole castle part really touched me, its easy to watch, has a great story, great music, the list goes on and on, its ok me saying how good it is but everyone will take there own best bits away with them once they have seen it, yes the animation is top notch and beautiful to watch, it does show its age in a very few parts but that has now become part of it beauty, i am so glad it has came out on dvd as it is one of my top 10 films of all time. buy it or rent it just see it, best viewing is at night alone with drink and food in reach so you don't have to stop the film.enjoy

this is one of my all time favorite movies, period. i can't think of another movie that combines so many nice movie qualities like this one does. this flick has it all: action, adventure, science fiction, good vs. bad and even some romance (without even an innocent "peck" on the cheek between the pazu and sheeta). maybe best of all, you don't have to be in mensa to "get it" and enjoy the movie like you do with some of miyazaki's other movies (i don't know about you, but i watch movies to take a break from thinking). this is just a flat-out enjoyable movie that everyone will like, so do yourself a favor and go buy it. the only sour note is the american dubbing. i found vander-geek to be just plain annoying. but all is not lost, the original japanese version is on the two-disc set and it rocks! who cares if you can't understand spoken japanese? if you can read at a second-grade level then watch the original japanese recording with english subtitles. you won't regret it.

i first saw this film when i was about 8 years old on tv in the uk (where it was called "laupta: the flying island"). i absolutely loved it, and was heartbroken when it was repeated a while later and i missed it. i was enchanted by the story and characters, but most of all by the haunting and beautiful music. it would have been the original english dubbed version which i saw - sometimes erroneously referred to as the "streamline dub" (the dub was actually by ghibli themselves and only distributed by streamline) which is sadly unavailable except as part of a ridiculously expensive laser disc box-set.unfortunately i feel that the release has been partly spoiled by disney. the voice acting is ok but the dialogue doesn't have the same raw energy that the "streamline" dub or the original japanese had, and i think james van der beek sounds too old to play the lead. they have made some pointless alterations, such as changing the main character's name from "pazu" to "patzu", and added some dialogue. but worst of all i feel that they have ruined many scenes with intrusive music - the opening scene of the airships for example was originally silent but has been spoiled thanks to disney's moronic requirement that there be music playing whenever anyone is not speaking, which i find annoying in many disney films.this film still blows away most recent animated films, and i cannot recommend it highly enough. the plot is simple yet captivating and the film shows a flair which is sadly missing from most modern mass-market, homogenized animation.

this is one of the best animated family films of all time. moreover, virtually all of the serious rivals for this title came from the same creative mind of hiyao miyazaki and his studio ghibli. specifically, other great films include "my neighbor totoro" and "kikki's delivery service." spirited away is quite good, but a bit too creepy for typical family fare - better for teenagers and adult. the one thing that sets "laputa: castle in the sky" apart from other films by miyazaki is that it is far more of a tension-filled adventure ride.why is this film so good? because it's a complete package: the animation is very well done, and the story is truly engaging and compelling.most japanese anime is imaginative, but decidedly dark or cynical or violent; and the animation itself is often jerky, stylized, and juvenile. none of these problems plague castle in the sky. it has imagination to burn, and the characters are well drawn, if slightly exaggerated versions of realistic people. (none of those trench-coat wearing posers) there is plenty of adventure, but not blood and gore. the animation is smooth, detailed, and cinematic ally composed - not a lot of flat shots. the backgrounds are wonderful.the voice acting in the dubbed english version is first rate, particularly the two leads, pazo (james van der beek) and sheeta (anna paquin). the sound engineering is great, too. use your studio sound, if you've got it.one aspect that i particularly enjoyed is that much of the back story is left unexplained. laputa was once inhabited, and is now abandoned. why? we never know. we know as much as we need to know, and then we just have to accept the rest, which is easy to do because the invented world is so fully realized. indeed, it is fair to say that the world is more fully realized than most of the minor characters, who are for the most part one-dimensional stock characters (e.g., gruff general, silly sidekick, kooky old miner, etc.) highly recommended for people aged 6 to 60!

i have seen just about all of miyazaki's films, and they are all beautiful and captivating. but this one rises above the rest. this movie totally impressed me!i fell in love with pazu and sheeta, and their sweet, caring friendship. they were what made the movie for me. of course, the animation is also superb and the music captures the feelings in the film perfectly. but the characters are the shining point in this movie: they are so well developed and full of personality.now, let me clarify: i'm really talking about the japanese version of the movie (with english subs). while the english dub is good (mostly), it simply pales in comparison to the original language version. the voices are better, the dialogue, everything. so i suggest seeing (and hearing) the movie the way it originally was.

hayao miyazaki has no equal when it comes to using hand-drawn animation as a form of storytelling, yet often he is being compared to walt disney. that is just so unfair, because it becomes apparent by watching miyazaki's films that he is the superior artist. he really has a gift of thrilling both grownups and children, and laputa is indeed one awesome ride.but where can i begin to describe a movie so magical and breathtaking! miyazaki's works have never cease to amaze me. laputa is an adventure of a grand scale and i wonder how a film can be so packed with details and imagination. ask yourself this question: if you are a kid dreaming of an adventure so grand in scope and so magical, what would it be like? the answer would be to strap yourself in some seat and watch laputa, because it's truly a childhood fantasy come true. every minute of the movie is rich and engrossing ... from the train chase to the amazing air-flying sequences... and to the wonderous sight of the floating castle itself. not to mention the excellent score by joe hisaishi! everything you ever possibly want from an adventure movie is here.

this is my favorite of the older tom & jerry cartoons from the early 40's. the original version with mammy two shoes is on the tom & jerry spotlight collection 2 set, disc one, and showcases the wonderful detailed animation of the early cartoons. the gags on this one aren't all madcap avery style, but more subtle and aimed at anyone who's ever stayed up late watching scary movies (or radio programs)! tom is listening to a creepy radio show, and jerry decides to play a number of tricks to spook him. the nine-lives gag is well done here, and i don't know how many times i tried to make a vacuum and a sheet that scary when i was a kid. when tom's owner is awakened by the ruckus- mammy was not the maid, it was her house- she gets one heck of a surprise, with a big laugh. get your pause button ready, it's worth it!

spoilerstom and jerry is a classic cartoon, with a flawless idea, and almost every single short is a gem. while i must say that this is definitely an inferior short compared such other classic tom and jerry shorts, there is not way you can hate this cartoon. sure, it is understandable to say that this is one of the worst of the first tom and jerry episodes, and i can say that i agree, but the fact of the matter is that all tom and jerry episodes are great, but some are just better than others. well, this would fit into "others." here is the plot of fraidy cat. tom is listening to an old scary radio broadcast, and becomes easily frightened. jerry observes how scared he is, and tries to scare him even more than he already is. he creates scary dilemmas for tom, and tom becomes scared out of his wits, and his lives. jerry then puts a sheet over a vacuum cleaner and controls it, thus making it look like the vacuum is a ghost. tom finds out that jerry did all of this, and chases him. tom then accidentally bites the house maid. however, at the end jerry ends up the one becoming scared after he sees his reflection in a flour cup.overall, this is far from the best tom and jerry short out there, but this is still a fun and entertaining piece of time. it makes me wish that there was more cartoons like this. the slapstick and gags in this that make tom and jerry famous are as good as ever in this short, but it felt like something was missing in this. it felt slower than most tom and jerry shorts. anyway, this is a good short that does not quite live up to some other tom and jerry cartoons, but it is still nice.7/10

"fraidy cat", the 4th of these cartoons, is a good one. at least i like it, so i'm surprised that this is getting mixed reviews.this one is more of a macabre story than a funny one, although it has its moments of comedy. the atmosphere is dark and spooky. suspense is another strong element here. as for humor, it's mostly dark humor.in this short, tom listens to a creepy radio show at night and is absolutely terrified because it is about ghosts, something he believes. while tom is scared to death, jerry is watching everything and can't help but laugh the whole time. in fact, jerry quickly finds a way to torture him more and more. with the help of a white shirt and a vacuum cleaner he creates a big "ghost".tom lives the scariest experience of his whole life. although jerry scares tom without a good reason, the way the story is made ends up being funny. plus, once again, there is no violence here because this is one of tom & jerry's oldest cartoons. however, i don't get that joke of tom's 9 lives nearly sucked into the vacuum cleaner.when tom finally finds out that it was all a jerry's scheme and that jerry made a fool out of him, jerry is «caught with the hand in the cookie jar» (he deserves to be discovered). yet, tom shows an incredible patience before reacting. he angrily looks at jerry for about a minute. the funny thing is that jerry invites tom to laugh with him and takes about half a minute to realize that tom is looking at him with a very serious face. jerry tries to be funny, but tom doesn't laugh.overall, this is a different, peculiar and remarkable tom & jerry experience.

here is a favorite tom & jerry cartoon perfect for halloween. i know it dosen't have much creepiness, but has the 'trick' as in "trick or treat," as jerry did to tom with the window blind and the vacuum-cleaner with a collared-shirt hanging on it to make it like a ghost; but still like to put it on my list of halloween cartoons. in this short, tom was listening to the "witching hour," a ghost-story program on the radio, and being frightened by the horror story being told. halfway into the story, the dramatics (hair standing on end, heart leaping into throat, icy chills on spine) begin happening to tom . . . literally. and jerry has been observing the whole thing and laughing to himself, thought he highen tom fears by scaring him.i love the ending, it was a little funny. and you know, this short is the first of four cartoons in which tom attacks mammy two shoes; the others being the lonesome mouse, a mouse in the house and nit-witty kitty. and also this short is the first of twenty-five cartoons where tom speaks. the others are the lonesome mouse, the zoot cat, the million dollar cat, the bodyguard, mouse trouble, the mouse comes to dinner, quiet please!, trap happy, solid serenade, mouse cleaning, texas tom, mucho mouse, and the cat above and the mouse below directed by chuck jones.

this film is not about a cat and mouse fight as stated in the other comment. its about a cat that has used up 8 of its 9 lives and now lives in fear of loosing its last one. the cat is jumpy and scared to death all of the time, hence the name 'fraidy cat'. fraidy cat's previous lives haunt him as ghosts which are from different era's in time and are constantly trying to kill him off, but he is most fearful of the ninth life which is represented as a cloud in the shape of a number 9 and spits out lighting bolts. very old now but would still be fun for the kids if you got hold of a copy. i watched this movie almost every day as a child :o)

insisting that martin luther king's inspirational spirit resides not just in american civil liberties but inside the hearts and minds of people everywhere, danish helmer niels arden oplev transplants this belief to a 1969 danish middle school. more specifically, it works its way into the crusade of a young boy named frits (janus dissing rathke) against his oppressively rigid and churlishly abusive headmaster svendsen (bent mejding). adapted from a true story, the performances are executed with certain aplomb and a refreshing command over its varied characters keeps it involving. a battle of ideologies between a 13 year-old and a demented disciplinarian gives way to inherent humour but awkward shifts in mood disorients despite keeping it shrewdly cynical in the same vein as a "dead poets society" more than a "matilda". it treads a familiar path but a continued and precise service to its young protagonist including a personal subplot that rounds off frits as a young boy becoming a young man, manages to raise the film into a rousing family film with its nose right on the money.

i just picked up the dvd release of this movie while on holiday in norway where it has been released with english subtitles.the film is beautifully photographed and powerfully acted. the youngster portraying 'frits' the lead character has an astonishingly open face which mirrors with painful accuracy the tragic events which unfold around him.early on in the film we see that the father whom frits loves so much has mental health problems and this is brought up when the brutal headmaster denies assaulting the boy and suggests it was his own father.the climactic scene where frits refuses to show any respect to the headmaster; simply standing his ground and repeating 'liar' as he is brutally assaulted in front of his classmates is a scene you are not likely to forget.the films only weak point is the rather clichéd 'flower power' teacher who uses every 'friendly teacher' trick in the book. other than this i feel sure that this is a film you will really enjoy.

i saw this movie today and i have to say, it was much much better than i expected it to be about couple of hours before going to see it. personally i had some prejudice due to the language of it, but it did totally change my idea. the movie was in most cases surprisingly good with the great actor and actress performances. it was a story about a boy who had a dream and who did everything to reach it. this really touched me and as a film, which is based on a true story, it convinced me. a new school, psycho headmaster and a young boy who get known with a new teacher, a bit different one than the others and about fighting for the things even if they doesn't seem to work out. it showed how little things can make huge changes in many things, and how difference can sometimes cause difficult situations. also i think the actor selections has succeeded perfectly. it really felt like you had been some person watching the episodes as an outsider when they happened. before i spoil this movie with praises, i have to admit that there were some things and situations that didn't look and feel realistic..like the one where the headmaster of the school beat frits aka. martin in front of the class, at the end of the movie. he really got beaten badly, but the only thing that it caused to him, was some blood coming from the nose when comparing that to the first beating in the beginning, when frits got some stitches..well i guess every movie has it own faults..have to say, that if i someday somewhere find this dvd from the store, it's sure thing, that i take it with me.

a kid with ideals who tries to change things around him. a boy who is forced to become a man, because of the system. a system who hides the truth, and who is violating the rights of existence. a boy who, inspired by martin luther king, stands up, and tells the truth. a family who is falling apart, and fighting against it. a movie you can't hide from. you see things, and you hear things, and you feel things, that you till the day you die will hope have never happened for real. violence, frustration, abuse of power, parents who can't do anything, and a boy with, i am sorry, balls, a boy who will not accept things, who will not let anything happen to him, a kid with power, and a kid who acts like a pro, like he has never done anything else, he caries this movie to the end, and anyone who wants to see how abuse found place back in the 60'ies.

fred gwynne, al lewis, sid caesar, and yvonne de carlo star in this funny, funny movie. the late fred gwynne is truly wonderful as herman munster who lives with grandpa munster (al lewis), wife lily (yvonne de carlo), and his son and daughter. sid caesar is hilarious as the owner of a wax museum that has a whole section dedicated to the munster family. when the wax figures of herman and grandpa begin to terrorize the town everyone blames the two. the two now have to clear their names before it's too late. you'll laugh out loud just like i did.

this movie has one of the cheesiest plots i have seen. for me, that's what makes it so awesome! fred gwynne and al lewis are very good at what they achieved in the original munsters series. while there was less slapstick, they still worked wonderfully together "comedically." i wish yvonne de carlo, as lily, would have had more plot involvement. she showed that she could do comedy in the original series, but it was mostly wasted in this movie. this movie also stars the great sid caesar, but sadly he doesn't have any interaction with gwynne and lewis. i think some better work could have come out of that.

this movie is ridiculous! that's exactly what i like about this piece of "guilty pleasure". it is easy to condemn this movie for not including pat priest and butch patrick, the original marilyn and eddie. but look at the year and do the math. pat priest and butch patrick had long outgrown their parts! time does that to young stars. yvonne de carlo, who re-prised her role as lili, was pushing the big 6-0 (even though she still looked good and was still the perfect "lili").it's a shame that yvonne de carlo wasn't given a larger part. still, it was good to see fred gwynne and al lewis in the roles that made them so famous! during the 2 seasons that the munsters was on prime time, it was the gwynne/lewis chemistry that made the series such a success. the rest of the cast were supporting cast members, not to say that they weren't needed. they were! the tv series wouldn't had survived as long as it did without them. given the choice between butch patrick or happy derman (the original "eddie"), the choice was too easy. yvonne de carlo was also the better choice over joan marshall.though this movie doesn't measure up to the original tv series, it still measures up nicely and is one of the better "reunuin" tv specials that plagued the boob-tube during the late 1970s/early 1980s.'

"the brak show " is good .probably not in the same level than "aqua teen hunger " or "space ghost coast to coast ", but definitely it have many brilliant moments .basically it follows the life of zorak and brak that have normal lives and go to the school ,living in a neighborhood on the style of the 50 'sitcoms . the humor and the animation of this show it's very much as "aqua teen hunger " (and in one episode you could see meatwad) with bizarre situations and strange characters .but it is good ,it have funny parts . some of the songs are great ,others not very much but i like this show . the funniest character is the father of brak . (that is a human ,nobody knows why )

leave it to braik to put on a good show. finally he and zorak are living their own lives outside of spac ghost coast to coast. i have to say that i love both of these shows a whole lot. they are completely what started adult swim. brak made it big with an album that came out in the year 2000. it may not have been platinum, but his show was really popular to tons of people out there that love adult swims shows. i have to say that out of all the adult swim shows with no plot, this has to be the one with the most none plot ever made. that is why i like it so much, it is just such a classic in the adult swim history. i believe this is just such a great show, if you don't like it. hey there were tons who hated it and tons who loved it.

i really really love this show! i have always liked the 1990's shows of space ghost! this show was hilarious and i can't believe why cartoon network's adult swim would take such a funny show like this off the air. i hope they put this show on dvd or something. the show is about brak (from the space ghost cartoons, sgcc and cartoon planet) who lives his every day life with his mom and dad and his best friend who likes to drop in a lot, zorak! my favorite episodes were the one where zorak gets this really good singing voice and then his voice doesn't give him any money that zorak made from singing at all. another episode i like is the one where brak and zorak didn't finish their homework and then they go back from sunday to friday and they just goof off and then they go back to the day homework was invented and then when they go back to the present homework didn't exist! another episode i like is the one where brak's dad and their next door neighbor, thundercleese the robot keep getting into this agrument and then they get eaten by a giant worm. another episode i liked was the one where zorak makes a bully stand and then some new guy took over his stand. i also like a lot of the other episodes! one thing that never fails to make me laugh is when zorak is getting beaten up, blasted and zapped!

this was a delightful presentation. hemo (blood) as a greek god was so well played by the animation with vanity, arrogance, snobbish superiority and innocent wonder. the quote (or scene) i recall vividly is when hemo tires of "all this plumbing ... you haven't learned my secrets at all" and threatens to storm out, the scientist answers him in a single word "thalassa" -- salt water which horrifies the fiction writer but mollifies hemo and segues so neatly into the chemical aspects of blood. such a splendid blend of entertainment and information make this a classic as fresh and engrossing today as the day it was released. stimulating the interest and imagination is fundamental to teaching kids to love learning.

by god, it's been a long time since i saw this. probably about 18 years ago?the movie tells us (kids) all about human blood and the circulatory system. very professionally put together--disney-style animation, plus human actors--it was directed by frank capra, for pete's sake!kind of an overkill. i wonder if the very high production value is worth what amounts to a film-strip's worth of information on the human body? but boy will those kids watching it learn: even now i can clearly remember dr. baxter being challenged by hemo himself to name what common material most resembles human blood, to which the doctor immediately answers "sea water."

a frank capra wonders of life film.keeping the blood pumping through our veins is the responsibility of hardworking hemo the magnificent.in the mid-1950's, at&t and bell science teamed with famed hollywood director frank capra to produce a series of cbs television science films to educate the public about the universe around them. a far cry from the dreary black & white fodder so often foisted off on young scholars, the capra films would both instruct and entertain with lively scripts and eye-catching visuals shown in technicolor. the four films - our mr. sun (1956), the strange case of the cosmic rays (1957), hemo the magnificent (1957), the unchained goddess (1958) - quickly became schoolhouse favorites, where they were endlessly shown in 16mm format.the star of the series was dr. frank c. baxter (1896-1982), an affable english professor at the university of southern california. this avuncular pedagogue proved to be the perfect film instructor, genially imparting to his audience the sometimes complex facts in a manner which never made them seem dull or boring. dr. baxter, who won a peabody award for his achievements, continued making high quality instructional films after the capra quartet were concluded.hemo the magnificent, which was produced, written & directed by capra, relates the story of the human heart and blood circulation system, using animation and gentle humor. film star richard carlson appears as the fiction writer, energetically helping dr. baxter tell hemo's tale.movie mavens will recognize sterling holloway as part of the tv production crew, and the voices of marvin miller, mel blanc, june foray & pinto colvig as various cartoon characters, all uncredited.the devotional scripture which begins the film is completely in tune with the tenor & tone of the production.

so many educational films are nothing more than mind-numbing drudgery, saved only by the fact that "mst3k" mocks them ("why study industrial arts?" comes to mind). "hemo the magnificent" is actually quite well done. it's all about blood, the heart, and the circulatory system. i admit that i don't remember everything from it, but it does a good job explaining everything, keeping it serious but entertaining. i guess that you can always count on june foray (most famously the voice of rocky the squirrel, she plays a deer here).since "hemo the magnificent" itself may be hard to find, probably the best place to see it is in "gremlins": a class is watching it while a gremlin is forming.

i remember stumbling upon this special while channel-surfing in 1965. i had never heard of barbra before. when the show was over, i thought "this is probably the best thing on tv i will ever see in my life." 42 years later, that has held true. there is still nothing so amazing, so honestly astonishing as the talent that was displayed here. you can talk about all the super-stars you want to, this is the most superlative of them all!you name it, she can do it. comedy, pathos, sultry seduction, ballads, barbra is truly a story-teller. her ability to pull off anything she attempts is legendary. but this special was made in the beginning, and helped to create the legend that she quickly became. in spite of rising so far in such a short time, she has fulfilled the promise, revealing more of her talents as she went along. but they are all here from the very beginning. you will not be disappointed in viewing this.

barbra streisand's first television special was simply fantastic! from her skit as a child to her medley of songs in a high-fashion department store -- everything was top-notch! it was easy to understand how this special received awards.not muddled down by guest appearances, the focus remained on barbra thoughout the entire production.

barbra streisand's debut television special is still a pinnacle moment in entertainment history - in any media. cleverly divided into three separate acts (to minimize the interruption of commercial breaks), streisand made the bold-yet-masterful decision to drop the typical variety show format of the time (which is why there is no guest stars nor forced banter) and carry the entire show on her shoulders alone. the risky move paid off enormously, as my name is barbra set a new standard for musical programming on television.filmed in glorious black-and-white (which actually adds to the effectiveness of the show), my name is barbra is flawlessly-conceived and impressively shot. however, what makes the show truly transcendent is streisand herself. watching the then-23 year old performer navigate herself through the show's 55 minute runtime is nothing less than thrilling. she is in fantastic voice (and even performs the entire first and third acts live), and gives first evidence of the immense star power that would soon follow her to the big screen.the special's biggest asset is it's boldness in allowing streisand to simply stand on stage and sing some great songs. after the powerful opening performance of "much more" (with a brief opening snippet from leonard bernstein's "my name is barbara"), barbra proceeds to wander through a multi-level studio set performing a frantic version of the disney classic "i'm late." in between verses of "i'm late," streisand stops at various levels of the set to sing some terrific numbers such as the haunting "make believe" and the thundering "how does the wine taste?" halfway through the act i, barbra re-enters her own childhood to the strains of "a kid again," and then gives highly energetic performances of "i'm five" and "sweet zoo" while romping among an over-sized set. the illusion is eventually shattered, however, as streisand finds herself out of the fantasy and back in the real world. she then sings about this lost childhood innocence in the lovely "where is the wonder?" streisand then dashes out onto a platform stage surrounded by an entire room-full of musicians and performs a rousing rendition of "people" before the thunderous applause of a live studio audience.act ii of the special begins with streisand hamming it up for the studio audience with a campy rendition of "i've got the blues," before delivering a comedy monologue about "pearl from istanbul." streisand then heads off to bergdorf goodman's department store, which allows her to sing a medley of poverty songs while parading around in some of the store's elegant fashions. this segment is the brightest highlight of the special for many fans and critics. some high points of the act ii medley include streisand singing a restrained version of "second hand rose" to the audience, appearing as a latin bullfighter to the tune of "nobody knows you when you're down and out," and portraying a frustrated paperboy while mugging to "brother, can you spare a dime." the third act of the special is a straight concert, with no set pieces or concepts. streisand is a performer who really thrives on the concert stage, and this segment is the most thrilling moment of the special. streisand enters belting out an almost gravity-defying rendition of "when the sun comes out," and continues to amaze the viewer with a lovely version of the yearling ballad "why did i choose you," a scorching performance of "lover come back to me," and an impassioned medley of three songs form funny girl. streisand really outdoes herself, however, with a phenomenal rendition of the fanny brice/billie holiday standard "my man," which instantly became on of the singer's best-loved signature songs.streisand performs her immortal ballad version of "happy days are here again" as the closing credits roll by on the left-hand side of the screen. the iconic finish to the number reaffirms to the viewer that he or she has indeed seen something truly special. my name is barbra was a huge rating triumph when first aired, and it eventually picked up five emmy awards in addition to spawning two top-five, gold-selling soundtrack albums. watching it all again, it's absolutely no surprise.

as the first of the tv specials offered on the elaborate box set, "barbra streisand: the television specials", released last november, this disc is being released separately for those who do not want to fork over the dollars for all five specials. as an investment, this is indeed the best of the bunch if only for the fact that this is streisand at her purest and most eager to impress. that she succeeds so brilliantly is a key component of her legend. signed to a long-term contract with cbs to produce hour-long variety shows, an almost extinct format nowadays, streisand was all of 22 in this cbs special first broadcast in april 1965. at that point of her career, her notoriety was limited to a handful of best-selling albums, a few dazzling tv appearances on variety and talk shows, and her successful broadway run in "funny girl".filmed in crisp black-and-white, the program is divided into three distinct parts. with the creative transitional use of "i'm late" from disney's "alice in wonderland", the first segment cleverly shows her growing up from childhood through numbers as diverse as "make believe" and "i'm five". opening with a comic monologue about pearl from istanbul, the second part moves on location to manhattan's chic bergdorf goodman's where she is elegantly costumed in a series of glamorous outfits while singing depression-era songs like "i've got plenty of nuthin'" and "the best things in life are free" with comic irony. back to basics, the third segment is a straight-ahead concert which opens with a torchy version of "when the sun comes out", includes a "funny girl" medley, and ends with her classic, melancholic take on "happy days are here again" over the ending credits. also included is the brief introduction she taped in 1986 when the special was first released on vhs. for those who know streisand only for her pricey concert tickets and political fundraising, this is a genuine eye-opener into why she is so revered now.

streisand fans only familiar with her work from the funny girl film onwards need to see this show to see what a brilliant performer streisand was - before she achieved her goal of becoming a movie star. there had never been a female singer quite like her ever before, and there never would be again (sorry, celine - only in your dreams!), but never again would streisand sing with the vibrancy, energy, and, above all, the enthusiasm and vulnerability with which she performs here - by the time she gets to that central park concert only 2 or 3 years later, she'd been filming funny girl in hollywood and her performing style has become less spontaneous and more reserved, more rehearsed (and, let's face it: more angry) - there's a wall between her and the audience. live performing was never what she really enjoyed - she did it because she knew it was her ticket to hollywood, and once she no longer had to do it she's done it as little as possible (and oh, that legendary stage fright provides such a good excuse!).her vocals here and on her earlier judy garland show appearance are incredible: streisand could truly make an old song sound new again, and composers such as richard rodgers and harold arlen loved her for it. but by the 1970s streisand was trying to be a "rock" singer, her albums pandering to the younger audiences, with over-wrought shrieking of songs that were unworthy of her effort or her voice. in the '80s she came back with that brilliant "broadway album," but went on and on about what a struggle it was to get it done, how "they" told her not to do it, etc. oh please - when has anyone told streisand what to do? she could have been doing good stuff like that all along, bringing audiences up to her level instead of stooping to what she thought the young public wanted. (the "back to broadway" sequel wasn't nearly as good, as streisand seems to feel it necessary to improve on other composers' work: if he were alive at the time, would richard rodgers have even recognized his own "some enchanted evening"? rodgers, notorious for taking singers to task for playing around with his melodies, would undoubtedly have been after streisand to sing what he'd written! she also blows michael crawford off the cd in their duet of "music of the night" - apparently reminding him just whose cd this is. why does she insist on taking songs that are duets and singing them by herself, and songs that aren't duets and singing them as duets with someone else who she then goes on to diminish?)supposedly judy garland took streisand aside and advised her, "don't let them do to you what they did to me," advice streisand wasted no time in heeding - despite her protestations to the contrary, surely it looks like it's always been her way or the highway. just imagine - she told the cbs brass how her first tv special would be done - no guests, just her.but nobody can argue with the results that are so evident here. treat yourself to this brilliant musical phenomenon before she was a legend - you'll be absolutely amazed at the difference!ps - i watched this again last night (12/01) after not having seen it for many years - it was even better than i remembered! the 1st act begins with "i'm late" and includes "make believe" and "how does the wine taste," and barbra's homage to childhood, "i'm five" - it climaxes as streisand appears with full (and i mean full) orchestra to sing "people" - she wasn't bored with the song yet and although it's a somewhat shorter rendition it really soars - compare it to some of her later "auto-pilot" versions. the 2nd act (after streisand's "kooky" schtick-patter, which hasn't changed much over the years) is the famous series of depression songs set amidst the extravagance of bergdorf-goodman's.the 3rd act is the stunner - call it "streisand, the orchestra, and the audience" (although we never see the audience that supposedly witness this historic event). with her fear of audiences and dislike of such performing, this may have been the toughest part for her, but if so, to her credit it doesn't show. she tears through "lover come back to me" and the torchy "when the sun comes out" (though i can't remember in which order!), the poignant "why did i choose you? (one of my all-time favorite streisand performances) and offers a medley of funny girl songs, including (of course) "don't rain on my parade" and my favorite song from the score, "the music that makes me dance". explaining that "fanny brice sang a song like that in 1922, and it made her the toast of broadway", streisand then sings "my man", and it's almost a dress-rehearsal template for her later screen rendition in the funny girl film (the main difference being that the black gown here is sleeveless - her film gown had long sleeves and against the black background all we saw were her hands and face), but the vocal here is more urgent and charged than her later film vocal. (her performance of the song has everything to do with streisand and nothing to do with fanny brice who, of course, never sang the song in such an all-out manner as streisand does here or in the film - see the great ziegfield for a glimpse of brice's more understated version.) the show ends with streisand singing "happy days are here again" over the credits.when it was over i said to the friend i was watching it with, "she has never, ever, done anything better!"and she was twenty-three years old!

this was barbra streisand's first television special and is "must see" viewing for any streisand fan. even non-streisand fans will enjoy this highly energetic and entertaining piece of entertainment history. performers like this only come our way once in a lifetime. brilliant!

in april of 1965, cbs broadcast the first of barbra streisand's monumental television specials. the show was not only a runaway ratings success, but garnered 5 emmy awards as well. this is one of the most memorable moments of 1960's television and (unfortunately) the kind of television special they don't produce anymore. filled with wonderful songs and a spectacular performance by barbra, this special is a must view for any streisand fan and anyone interested in early television.

if people didn't know who barbra streisand was before this,...(is that possible?)...they sure knew who she was after!this show went on to win 5 emmys, & stands out as one the best things streisand has ever done.it's made up of 3 acts....act i...barbra singing standards from room to room, filled with musicians, including a segment where she is a little girl again,all ending with a splendid version of her signature song,(at the time)..."people".act ii....a musical tour of bergdoff-goodman,while barbra sings poverty songs..it's better than it sounds...act iii.....the best part, just barbra,musicians,& some great songs,like....."happy days are here again",& a "funny girl" medley....all in all, a great part of television history,made by one of the greatest performers in the world!

barbra streisand in 1964 was still a curiosity, and probably raised more than a few industry eyebrows when cbs signed her to 10-year, $5 million television deal (nothing these days). but more important than that, barbra and her manager insisted on creative control--and got it. she had this special filmed her way, and for the most part her vision was by turns clever, canny, and incredible. opening act i with the title song (not written specifically for her), streisand races through a classy cast of songs linked with "i'm late" (from "alice in wonderland"!--she even keeps in the line about fuzzy ears and whiskers and "too much time to shave"!); this is a totally charming, if not bizarre, selection--and enjoy it because it didn't make the two soundtrack albums released. she slows down for "make believe" (which gets perhaps too slow), but the dramatic "how does the wine taste?" is amazing. "a kid again" is cute (with streisand looking tiny in a huge chair--is that where lily tomlin got the idea?), as is "sweet zoo" ("i'm an alligator--crocodile??--no, alligator!"). "where is the wonder" is very cool and elegant, and her "people" number, surrounded by an orchestra who tap for her at the song's close, is stunning. act ii is set in new york city's bergdof goodman, with streisand acting kooky in high fashion get-ups (when she playfully stomps on the mink, the audience watching the tape actually gasps). act iii, before a studio audience (made up of lucky fan club devotees), begins with a powerful version of "when the sun comes out" (streisand actually looks out of breath at the dramatic close), followed by "why did i choose you?" (probably her best early song), a too-quick "lover, come back to me" (where she's ultimately drowned out by the orchestra), and a 'funny girl' medley. the finale, "happy days are here again", which reportedly took 12 takes, closes the hour in amazing fashion. sponsored by chemstrand (a fiber-making company!), this black-and-white gem moves fast, with jazzy set-ups, terrific cinematography, kicky sets and costumes. they really don't make 'em like this anymore--and that pertains to the special and to la streisand.

clara lago is wonderful as the title character of the film, essentially a film about a spanish/american girl who moves to spain with her mom at the time of the spanish civil war. it turns out, the mother goes home to die, and she is left with her grandfather. she also makes friends and experiences much in a short time. tomiche (juan jose ballestra) is at first a nuisance to her then they become close. the film is shot beautifully, bathed in soft colors mostly. carol yearns for her dad, who is a pilot in the war, and you can feel the love sher has for him. while the war itself is kind of taken a back seat in this film, it envelops the character's lives. i think you'll like it. see it especially for clara lago, who does a great job as carol. she is definitely one to watch.

carol's journey is a pleasure to watch for so many reasons. the acting of clara lago is simply amazing for someone so young, and she is one of those special actors who can say say much with facial expressions. director imanol urbibe presents a tight and controlled film with no break in continuity, thereby propelling the plot at a steady pace with just enough suspense to keep one wondering what the nest scene will bring. the screenplay of angel garcia roldan is story telling at its best, which, it seems, if the major purpose for films after all. the plot is unpredictable, yet the events as they unravel are completely logical. perhaps the best feature of this film if to tell a story of the spanish civil war as it affected the people. it was a major event of the 20th century, yet hardly any americans know of it. in fact, in 40 years of university teaching, i averaged about one student a semester who had even heard of it, much less any who could say anything comprehensive about it--and the overwhelming number of students were merit scholars, all of which speaks to the enormous amount of censorship in american education. so, in one way, this film is a good way to begin a study of that event, keeping in mind that when one thread is pulled a great deal of history is unraveled. the appreciation of this film is, therefore, in direct relation to the amount of one's knowledge. to view this film as another coming of age movie is the miss the movie completely. the left elbow index considers seven aspects of film-- acting, production sets, character development, plot, dialogue, film continuity, and artistry--on a scale for 10 for very good, 5 for average, and 1 for needs help. carol's journey is above average on all counts, excepting dialogue which is rated as average. the lei average for this film is 9.3, raised to a 10 when equated to the imdb scale. i highly recommend this film for all ages.

i was deeply moved by this movie in many respects. first of all, i just want to say that clara lago was the most precious little thing! such a pretty little girl. her acting was superb as well. true to life and very human. though i don't like the part where she had to smoke; i hope it was only a fake prop. either way, she was absolutely wonderful and the story was so moving. i found myself immersed in the story and her character.it's quite interesting how i came to discover this movie actually. i was walking in blockbuster and i just happened to notice her pretty smile on the cover as i was walking by. luckily i glanced in the downward direction that this movie was in! i thought to myself, 'awe, look at her!' so i picked it up and saw that this movie was described as such wonderful things as "a little gem." i read the plot on the back and then thought that, well, maybe i'd look it up on imdb first and then come back and rent it at a later time. i'm glad i didn't, because i certainly would have been missing out. after searching for a movie with my friend, i knew that i would end up regretting not renting this film, so i went back to the spot in which i originally found it and snapped it up.it had been on my dresser for a week, since school started for me this week and i really hadn't any time to watch it, but tonight was the perfect opportunity. i popped it in and was glued to the beautiful cinematography, delightful score and moving plot from beginning to end. i was so captivated and must say, some parts nearly moved me to tears.i would also like to make a special mention for the young boy in this film, juan jose ballesta. he was remarkable. also the actor who played carol's father, who's name is unfortunately not listed on the site. his voice was just so loving and gentle that i could really sense his love for carol. even though his appearance is not prominent, i really felt his character's presence.this is truly a wonderful movie. if you are a person who is moved by light, but emotional films, then this is definitely one for you.

some unsuspecting films carry a message that resonates in the hours and days after viewing. such is the case for carol's journey (el viaje de carol), a beautifully crafted 2002 film from spain based on the novel 'a boca de noche' by ángel garcía roldán who also adapted the book as a screenplay. war and its consequences are not new subject matter for films, but when that war theme plays in the background as a subtle driving force to develop characters (especially children) who must face adult life influenced by the games of adults, the result is a different and more tender examination of the coming of age film genre.carol (clara lago) is a 12-year-old spanish american youngster from new york who with her critically ill mother aurora (maría barranco) returns to her aurora's home in 1938 at the height of the spanish civil war, a home that has been left deserted by her father don amalio (álvaro de luna) since his wife's death. carol's father robert (ben temple) is a fighter pilot who has sided with the republicans against franco and is rarely with his family. aurora has a past: she left her lover alfonso (alberto jiménez) to marry robert, and alfonso in turn married aurora's cold sister dolores (lucina gil). carol is an independent girl who remains aloof to all but her grandfather don amalio until she meets others her age but not of her 'class': tomiche (juan josé ballesta) and his two friends at first resent carol, but as events develop carol and tomiche are bonded by what feels like the first awakenings of love. when aurora dies of her illness, carol must live with alfonso and dolores and their daughter blanca (luna mcgill), yet turns to her grandfather for support and to her mother's best friend and teacher maruja (the always radiant rosa maria sardà) to understand the disparity between classes and the senseless war that keeps her beloved father from her side. through a series of incidents carol and tomiche learn the rigors of becoming adults, facing more traumas in a brief period of the war than most of us experience in a lifetime. the ending, though sad, is uplifting as carol's journey to maturity is complete.the film is shot in galicia and portugal and contains some extraordinarily beautiful settings captured with gentle sensitive lighting by cinematographer gonzalo f. berridi and enhanced by the musical score by bingen mendizábal. director imanol uribe understands the fine line separating pathos from bathos, and in electing to concentrate the story on the children involved, he makes an even stronger statement about the futility and cruelty of war. the cast is exceptional: the stars clearly are young clara lago and juan josé ballesta, but they are supported by the fine veteran actors in the adult roles. this is a visually stunning work with a lasting message and should find a much larger audience than it has to this date. grady harp

this is a very good spanish movie but i am worried that many out there will feel lost because many around the world have no idea what the spanish civil war was all about or when it was fought. being a history teacher, i had a big advantage but could easily see how the film could be confusing until you piece together all the pieces. i doubt if this would be a big concern in spain where this film was made, but for other audiences they may be a bit confused until later in the film.the movie begins with 12 year-old carol and her mother returning to her mother's home town. years have passed and you gather that they are coming to spain from new york city. despite the strangeness, carol speaks reasonably good spanish and much of the film is about how she adapts. as for why her and her mother are alone, i'll spill it now for those who don't pick up on the fact that carol's father is fighting in the war on the side of the republicans (who eventually lost in this very bloody conflict).the movie gets exceptional marks for its lovely camera work and music. the rather slow and rambling pace isn't bad provided you are someone who can accept films this way. i have seen several other spanish films about this war and this compares pretty well to them--not better or worse--just a decent slice of life film about those who are left behind as well as a nice coming of age flick.ps--if you don't know which side is which, the republicans were mostly socialists and they were backed by the soviet union and mexico as well as volunteers from many countries (including the usa). the nationalists were led by franco and were aided by portugal and the fascist states of germany and italy.

yesterday my spanish / catalan wife and myself saw this emotional lesson in history. spain is going into the direction of political confrontation again. that is why this masterpiece should be shown in all spanish high schools. it is a tremendous lesson in the hidden criminality of fascism. the american pilot who gets involved in the spanish civil war chooses for the democratically elected republican government. the criminal role of religion is surprisingly well shown in one of the most inventive scenes that uribe ever made. the colors are magnificent. the cruelty of a war (could anybody tell me the difference between any war and a civil war ?)is used as a scenario of hope when two young children express their feelings and protect each other. the cowards that start their abuse of power even towards innocent children are now active again. a film like 'el viaje de carol'/ 'carol's journey' tells one of the so many sad stories of the 20th century. it is a better lesson in history than any book could contain. again great work from the peninsula iberica !

carol, the young girl at the center of the story, is transplanted to a foreign land, spain, at the height of the civil war conflict in the late 30s. for this girl, everything is new, in it's foreignness. the war and her father are her constant worries, while she has to immerse herself in a provincial culture that is years behind what she has in new york.imanol uribe directs this film by the numbers. carol's family is obviously divided, while carol's mother is married to someone that is an air force pilot with the leftist faction, the rest of the family's sympathies are with the franco and the fascists that won the conflict.the story adds nothing to what has already been told, much better, but it's an easy film to watch. northern spain's magnificent landscape is shown. don't expect a lot of action since most of what happens revolves around carol and the young boys she befriends.clara lago plays carol with sincerity and innocence. maria barranco is carol's mother aurora, the one that went away to america. rosa maria sarda is maruja, the teacher who befriends carol. carmelo gomez, plays alfonso, the man that aurora left behind when she left for america. this actor, who usually has lead roles in most spanish films, doesn't have anything to do, as he remains an enigma throughout the movie.

another spanish movie about the 1936 civil war. this time we're told about the story of carol (lovely played by débutant clara lago), a little girl which comes to live to a little spanish village from new york. it is such an initiating trip, and soon she'll find about the injustices of the human race, their stupid fights and conflicts, their contradictions.imanol uribe makes his best film since "días contados" (1994) with such a sober pulse, a beautiful photography, and a nice script. he tries not to take part in the conflict, he just shows us some facts and let us decide (ok, the facts are explicit enough to make us decide in which band are we in) and he takes a huge advantage of the presence and the freshness of the young starring couple: clara lago and juan josé ballesta.a well cared production.my rate: 7/10

there's perhaps a special reason why the fox and the child hit a special note in my heart. having just said goodbye to my new fiancée - of oh...one day - for an unknown period of time, i was a bit overwhelmed with varying emotions and was suffering the fallout from putting on the brave face she needed to see.i watched a few movies and tv shows, but my interest darted from what i was leaving behind to what is out there and what i haven't seen. for that, i have this movie to thank.being a nature lover and having heard about the film beforehand, i was sure i was going to like it anyway. but i didn't just like it, i loved it.the technical mastery is astounding. how did they do it? how did they capture the animals in the way they did?? it's just wonderful.the moral of the tale is a good one and while the ending is oh so french and ambiguous, it's a happy/sad one. again, it caught me a bit off-guard. as a man who usually keeps his emotions to himself, the ending was tough going while on a plane full of people i would be seeing for the next 15 or so hours! perhaps it's because the ending made me think back to what i left.but for those few hours on the plane, i was happy to see something new and original. and that's life. sure, there are those things you love and feel comfortable around...but the great outdoors holds many a mystery. so the next time i see something out of the ordinary while out in the open; i'm going to explore it, observe it and embrace it. that's precisely what happens in this movie and that's precisely what you should do with this darn good movie/nature doc too. 8/10 p.s. it's two months on from the plane journey. we still don't know when we'll see each other again, but we will.

this is a very beautiful and almost meditative film-there is hardly any dialogue in it, apart from the narration; and the scenery and music compliment each other perfectly. i didn't at first connect the red hair of the girl and the fox until it was pointed out to me by a friend (who also has red hair!) it is almost an old fashioned type of children's films, saying that children nowadays prefer animations like shrek or toy story etc-but i feel that young people should be introduced more to the beauty and wonder of nature which this film certainly does. maybe not the best ever film of its type but certainly an excellent and relaxing view for all ages -not just children.

i first saw this movie in a theater in france a year or so ago. it came and went with little fanfare, but i enjoyed it for the beauty of the landscape photography and the fascinating wildlife footage. (the story, while nice, is really incidental. if you actually thought about it, there is no way most of what happens could happen in real life.) i just saw it again tonight, here in the states, on dvd. again, i gather it has very limited distribution. blockbusters only had one copy of it, and i don't recall it ever playing in the art houses in cleveland.seen on my tv, the photography is not as breathtaking, though it is still very beautiful. the wildlife footage is still fascinating. the story of the relationship between the 10-year old child and the fox is even less convincing the second time around, when you know where it's headed.still, as i said, the story is incidental. it's a beautiful film to watch, and if you like wildlife footage, you should find this fascinating.

a must see for anyone who loves photography. stunning and breathtaking,leaves you in ore. seen it twice once in a cinema and now on dvd. it holds up well on dvd but on the big screen this was something else.took my two daughters to see this and they loved it, my oldest cried at the end.but she was the one who wanted to see it again tonight when she saw it at the video shop. its simple telling of a child's love for nature and in particular a fox is told well. in some ways it reminded me of the bear in its telling a story not documentary formate. which works for children very well. not being preached to is very important, you make your own mind up.but the star of this film is the cinematographers, how did they do what they did. amazing just amazing.

watching "the fox and the child" was an intoxicating experience. the lush visuals, integrity of point of view, and utter beauty of the setting and characters left me in a swoon of pleasure.the plot is uncomplicated. deceptively simple. within the container of that simplicity a world unfolds that draws you in and leaves you breathless.i laughed. i wept. i learned.this is a movie you can trust yourself to -- give yourself over to. dare i say it is an act of love intended for any innocent heart. it reaches to the heart of the viewer--of any age--and reveals the world through new eyes, as if seen from the heart.adi da samraj once said that true art draws the viewer beyond point of view into ecstatic participation in reality. i feel i have been privileged to watch--no, to participate in--this film, a work of true art.

maybe i'm biased to foxes, fox stories and all but i thought this was wonderfully done.i really enjoyed that it was shown when lily wasn't comfortable, such as the fire and the room (trying not to spoil too much here). i think that's important for kids to see and try to understand.after reading a few others comments i'm a bit confused, one says that at the end -spoiler- the mother and her son appear, as she's been the one telling her son about her story. the movie i saw did not have the mother or son at the end, merely a painting of a girl with a fox. can someone enlighten me on that? anyway i really enjoyed this movie, although some scenes can be a bit slow which might be difficult for high energy kids to sit through. still worth it if they can sit still.

from the filmmakers who brought us the march of the penguins, i guess that came with plenty of expectations for the fox and the child. from the harsh winters of the south pole to the lush wilderness in france, the narrative now becomes part documentary and part fairy tale, which tells of the friendship between the two titular characters, renard the fox and its friendship with the child who christened it, played by bertille noel-beuneau.the story's frankly quite simple, and at times this movie would have looked like the many japanese movies which children-miscellaneous animals striking a friendship after the development of trust, and how they go about hanging around each other, dealing with respective adversaries and the likes. here, the child meets the elegant fox near her home up in the mountains, which provide for plenty of beautiful picture-postcard perfect shots that a cinematographer will have to go into overdrive to capture.but while we indulge in wistful scenery, the characters don't get to establish that level of trust from the onset, and we have to wait a few seasons to past, and 45 minutes into the film, before they find a leveler in food. the child persistently attempts at striking a bond with the objective of taming the creature for her own amusement, but the fox, well, as other notions of course. while i thought the narrative was pretty weak, unlike march of the penguins which has that human narrative interpretation of what's happening on screen, what excelled here were the documentary elements of the movie, tracing the life and times of the fox as both a predator, and a prey.between the two, more tension and drama was given to the latter, especially when dealing with traditional foes like wolves, and granted, those sequences were fairly intense especially when the child got embroiled in it. otherwise, it was plain sailing and quite a bore as the two of them go about their playing with each other, in shots that you know have undergone some movie magic editing. there were surprisingly dark moments in the movie that weren't really quite suitable for children, as those in the same hall attested to it by bawling their eyes out suddenly, so parents, you might want to take note and not let your toddler disturb the rest of the movie goers.as a film, i would've preferred this to be a complete documentary ala the march of the penguins, but i guess the way it was resented, probably had the objective of warning us not to meddle with nature, and that some things are just not meant to be, and should stay as such. decent movie that leaned on the strength of the chemistry between bertille noel- bruneau, and the multiple foxes that played renard.

the fox and the child is the latest film from march of the penguins filmmaker frenchman luc jacquet. the movie, which boasts just one human being in its cast, young actress bertille noël-bruneau, tells the story of the rather rare, though seemingly believable relationship between a child and a wild fox.part-nature documentary, and part-fairy tale, the film focuses on l'infant, the child, who on her way to school one day comes across the path of a wild fox in a picturesque setting, possibly france, though the exact location is never mentioned. over the coming weeks the child revisits the place where she found her fox hopeful that one of said days she will see said fox, who she begins to call lily, once again. and so it goes on. days turn to weeks, and then the summer disappears, turning to fall and then winter, promting some superb cinematography of the sweeping, white winter landscape. eventually, spring comes around again, and the young child finds her fox, and indeed does strike up a friendship with the animal. and so on.i had little to no expectation for the fox and the child. i had seen march of the penguins and was simply in awe at the film-making contained in that movie. luc jacquet is a hugely talented, and indeed rare film-maker, and i was expecting some superb, breathtaking cinematography, sweeping vistas and brilliant footage of the wildlife. this was delivered in spades. but here jacquet has a screen writing credit, and not knowing anything about the movie prior to the screening, i expected something a little different than what had previously been seen in 'march'. a fictional story.the child and the fox and the story is simple. a young, seemingly lonely child lives in a house in the middle of nowhere and walks to school, seemingly on her own, every day, seemingly without a care in the a seemingly perfect world. without the hint of an adult in sight. brilliant. so she strikes up a friendship with a fox.with a film like this, you have to dismiss your own opinion of the movie and put yourselves in the shoes of the target audience. this is a film which is aimed directly at children from the age of, i'd say, six and up. or to families who fancy a trip to the cinema with their breed one wet sunday afternoon. not a 31-year-old male who gets his kicks from films like the recent, brilliant wanted and the like. but, me being the newbie london critic, i put myself in the shoes of an excited eight-year old girl for the 95 or so minutes of the fox and the child. now, i have a few problems with this film. as a 31-year-old lad, and loyal lover of all things cinematic, i loved the wildlife and landscape photography. it's visually stunning. the direction of the animal characters is brilliantly executed -- as good as you will find on any of attenborough's efforts. as an impressionable, short attention spanning eight year old, i loved about the first half hour -- then i lost interest. it's a little repetitive and in places quite harrowing and bloody scary for a younger child, particularly the rather dark ending. as a 31-year-old male -- i was a little frightened in places. wuss.so, it's not a child's film. it's not really an adult film and i felt a little let down. is it a good family film. depends. it's educational maybe, and the film carries a message. it's definitely not a film i would pay the hard earned green to go see and i'm racking my brains to try and recommend it to a certain type of film goer. it's hard, but i know some will go see and fall in love this film. it's very european in feel and certainly if you are a fan of wildlife themed flicks, give it a try. unsure? well i'd wait for the dvd for a wet sunday afternoon in then. -- paul heath, http://www.thehollywoodnews.com, july 2008.

the very first image of the movie shows a mountain ridge in early morning autumn mist, and my thought was: "this is almost too beautiful." and it goes on like this: images of landscape and animals that look like a series of romantic paintings, each of them perfect in every detail. even the girl's room, her father's car - everything is nostalgic, romantic, beautiful. this could seem outdated and escapistic, but it fits a story that is itself of silent beauty, happening on the border between life and fairy tale, between dian fossey and le petit prince. i enjoyed every minute of it. the extreme parsimony of the movie, having a simple, slow story, just one actor and hardly any special effects, exerted a strong magic. i therefore find it deplorable that this parsimony is given up in the last minutes, when suddenly two additional actors (the girl as a grown-up woman, and her son) are introduced. another shortcoming is the music, which is often intrusive, hollywood-like, and sometimes inappropriate: i couldn't bring an english pop-song together with french mountain glory. i went to the movie together with my two small daughters, but i recommend it to adults as well, given that they appreciate this kind of movie. obviously, not everybody does.

tom and butch cat fight over the capture of jerry mouse because the one who doesn't catch jerry gets kicked out. the two cats dress in their master's clothing to disguise themselves and lets the other have it! confused, tom and butch whack their master's rear and all three of them get kicked out.

"a mouse in the house" is a very classic cartoon by tom & jerry, faithful to their tradition but with jokes of its own. it is hysterical, hilarious, very entertaining and quite amusing. artwork is of good quality either.this short isn't just about tom trying to catch jerry. butch lives in the same house and he's trying to catch the mouse too, because «there's only going to be one cat in this house in the morning -- and that's the cat that catches the mouse».if you ask me, there are lots of funny gags in this cartoon. the funniest for me are, for example, when mammy two shoes sees the two lazy cats sleeping and says sarcastically «i'm glad you're enjoying the siesta» and that she hopes they're satisfied because she ain't, making the two cats gasp. another funny gag is when tom disguises himself as mammy two shoes and slams butch with a frying pan and then butch does the same trick to tom. of course that, even funnier than this, is when the real mammy two shoes appears and both (dumb!) cats think they are seeing each other disguised as mammy and then they both attack her on the "rear" - lol. naturally that she gets mad and once she gets mad, she isn't someone to mess with. but even jerry doesn't win this time, because he is expelled by her too.

this story is a familiar one in the long-running tom and jerry cartoons, especially in the 1940s, the only difference being that two cats instead of one are threatened to be evicted if they don't catch the mouse (jerry). tom has an unnamed buddy ("butch?") living in the house with him, so this really upsets "mammy two shoes" who can't believe that they have a mouse despite two cats in the house.anyway, the one who catches jerry can stay while the other gets the boot, so the competition is on!even though it's familiar territory i still enjoyed this because the cartoon had enough original sight gags to make entertaining. you not only had the cats competing against each but jerry in the equation as well, so there were enough good gags to definitely recommend if you are a tom & jerry fan.

this review owes its existence entirely to a review. we take a weekly tv magazine to see what is coming up, and duly decide what we will watch. obligingly, there are brief reviews of most of the films scheduled to be shown on the five major terrestrial channels. in addition to the prose, each film is allocated a 1-5 star rating. 5 means don't miss (superior to 4 for excellent!), down to 1 standing for poor. we have learned from vast experience that, with few exceptions, stars are awarded for gross taste, foul language, offensive content, promiscuity, horror, blood & guts, and especially killing off the hero/heroine just when everyone was about to live happily ever after. (if that isn't done, the movie is denigrated as being 'predictable' - the worst insult imaginable!)brave new girl was given only 1 star, thereby suggesting it was a candidate worthy of our time and attention. this was confirmed by the reviewer's description of the movie as being a "truly awful tale", and, "stupid, just stupid". we watched it, and my wife and i were glad we did so. the tv magazine reviewer further stated that the movie was "not a reworking of war and peace", with which we have to agree. reading through the imdb reviews for this title a day or two later, the urge to pick up my pen (so to speak) to add my halfpennyworth (pronounced harf'pen'uth (emphasis on the first syllable) for the uninitiated) became overwhelming.why did we take to this movie? well, it's just a matter of taste. we like attractive characters, believable relationships between them, interesting situations, courtesy and respect, good triumphing over evil, and so on. we liked the integrity and personalities of holly (lindsey haun), her mum (virginia madsen), ditz (barbara mamabolo), grant (nick roth), zoe (joanne boland) and the two male professors involved in the story. so what if the storyline includes a 'wicked witch of the west' in the form of angela (barbara mamabolo), provided that she plays the part with some conviction. we appreciated the friendship depicted between the two room-mates, with one having a financially challenged upbringing by a loving single mum, and the other having every material advantage but receiving little parental time and affection. is it any wonder that ditz felt the way she did about holly's mum? is it surprising that grant should take an immediate interest in holly, considering the manner of their initial meeting, holly's dazzling smiles and her lively self-possession? i think these issues and the events are believable enough, but it is necessary to pretend that the scholarship and other circumstances are realistic in order for the tale to have a setting.my wife and i are greatly blessed by not having any significant musical education. this enables us to enjoy the sounds produced by instruments and voices without having our critical faculties intruding unduly on our listening, and thus spoiling the experience. we enjoyed both the classical pieces and the pop, which came over well on the tv, and we weren't struck by any lack of talent. also, it mattered not that holly's classical vocals were dubbed by someone else.we enjoyed the movie enough to look for a dvd. the average delivered price we have paid per disk for the movies in our collection currently stands at £4.9484 (rounded to four decimal places). brave new girl was available from a trusted supplier on the amazon marketplace for £1.3516 (rounded to four decimal places) above this figure. such a purchase would increase the average. why i should resent this is a mystery to me, but it is a testimony to our enjoyment of this film that we placed an order anyway. i have awarded this film 7 imdb stars out of ten, having docked one for overenthusiastic reception of the performances by the audiences, one for britney advertising and one for something else i can't remember right now. (in case it hasn't tumbled, this review is an anthem in celebration of the use of brackets!)

in "brave new girl," holly comes from a small town in texas, sings "the yellow rose of texas" at a local competition, and gets admitted to a prestigious arts college in philadelphia. from there the movie grows into a colorful story of friendship and loyalty. i loved this movie. it was full of great singing and acting and characters that kept it moving at a very nice pace. the acting was, of course, wonderful. virginia madsen and lindsey haun were outstanding, as well as nick roth the camera work was really done well and i was very pleased with the end (it seems a sequel could be in the making). kudos to the director and all others that participated on this production. quite a gem in the film archives.

i'd just like to say that i've seen this film twice now and i love it! the acting is great and even though it is a similar plot to "raise your voice" i think that the plot never gets boring for people who like that kind of thing. it has some great lessons in it and shows us that we can do anything if we try. an incredible film. i am sure that this is one i will be watching for a long time to come. even though britney spears write the book it is quite a realistic plot, maybe not about the falling in love part, but the part about being different and struggling but coming out best in the end is very true to real life. the only minor criticism is why is the main girl in these films always beautiful? do you really think that holly would have met the perfect guy of her dreams if she was ugly or average? i doubt it..

i really enjoyed this movie. britney is an excellent role model for teens and should be more appreciated. this movie is about following your dreams and never giving up no matter what people might do or say to discourage and criticize you. holly fulfills her dreams just like britney. there are times in everyones' lives when people judge them for what they are not who they are. watching this movie will make you understand that you are special in your own way and that you should follow your dreams no matter what happens. i would like to thank britney for encouraging me and my friends to follow our dreams. she will never know how much that means to me. bravo britney. you are the greatest!!!

i've read the other reviews and found some to be comparison of movie v real life (eg what it takes to get into music school), britney bashing, etc, etc. so let's focus on the movie and the message.i have rated this movie 7 out of 10 for the age range 8 to 14 years, and for a family movie. for the average adult male.... 2 out of 10.i like pop/rock music, i'm 45. i know of britney spears but never realised she actually sang stronger until i read the credits and these reviews. i didn't recognise her poster on the wall so i was not worried about any 'self promotion'.i watch movies to be entertained. i don't care about casting, lighting, producers, directors, etc. what is the movie and does it entertain me.i watched this movie for the message. the world's greatest epidemic is low self-esteem (which is a whole other story) so watched with the message in mind, as that is an area of interest. the movie is light, bright and breezy, great for kids. i found the texan twang began to fade throughout the movie and of course there are only so many ways to convey the give up/don't give up message, so yeh, it was a bit predictable. great message though...should be more of them.this movie is a great family movie, but for a bloke watching by himself, get hannibal.

i really think that this movie is great, personally. but, in every movie there is a downer. now, some of you may not have watched hilary duff's 'raise your voice', but if you think about it, those two shows are very very similar, if you know what i mean. in 'brave new girl', holly wants so bad to get into haverty conservatory. in 'raise your voice', terri wants to go to a conservatory in l.a.(don't remember the name of the conservatory there). they are both in the music field, and they both have to sing at the ending of the semester. it's really funny how these two films are alike. i personally like 'brave new girl' better than, 'raise your voice' though.

yes, the plot is predictable; yes, there are a few plot holes; yes, it has a made-for-tv quality; and yes, britney spears "wrote" the book with obvious self-promotion.but forget all of that... this movie is fun.fun in an after school special sort-of-way, but fun nevertheless.virginia madsen as the mother does a great job... so good that i'm going to start watching for her movies. she reminded me of diane lane for all the good reasons.the rest of the cast does a fine job, too. if i was a casting agent, i'd be scouting some of these young actors.the production values are above usual tv standards and the music was really great... better than several big-budget movies i've seen.if you're in the mood for german noir this movie isn't for you. if you want a safe, fun and underrated movie, this is a good one. it's one you could show to your 10 year old daughter but enjoy it yourself too.

i've read reviews of kerching on imdb, and frankly,i've not seen one positive review, until now. i actually like kerching. kerching is about a teenage boy named taj lewis, in order to make £1,000,000 for his mother, he sets up a website called rudeboy. the website offers a lot of interesting things, if only taj, and his 2 friends - danny and seymour can stop taj from getting exposed. i find this show quite funny and i enjoy watching it. the acting is o.k., but it can definitely be better, the characters are funny, especially danny spooner, taj's friend , his stupidity is what makes him funny. and taj's other friend seymour. also carlton, the owner of the café'e called "the chill." we never see him, we only hear him. taj's younger brother omar, and his older sister missy is funny too. and missy's best friend kareesha. so many times taj's has almost got exposed, almost. as well as the comedy, the drama in kerching such as love life and the loss of loved ones makes this programme great.

i've noticed that a lot of people who post on the "kerching!" board seem to hate this show, which i actually find very surprising. i think it's one of the best british kids' shows there is. it's a shame it's ending because it's very funny (if a bit cheesy sometimes) and has great characters. the main character is a little like del boy, although quite a lot smarter. with his 2 best friends he tried to make a million pounds for his mum by starting an online business and adopting a pseudonym of "rudeboy". his friends are seymour (who likes to cook) and danny (who is simple minded and the comic relief character). throughout the show, some characters have left and new ones have come in, but it's always been entertaining and improving.

whilst reading through the comments left for this show, i couldn't help but notice that a large percentage of the reviewers had either not actually watched any episodes of the show either all the way through or of their own free will. the thing about kerching! is that it's a children's show, for children so obviously if your older it is going to seem cheesy, forced, and probably stupid. i even found one person saying the sets were stupid, but i remember as an eight year old wondering why taj had ikea icecube moulds on his wall, and also wondering if my parents would let me stick some on mine (they didn't). yeah, it can be annoying, the acting could be better and some of the characters do really weird things with their hair, but as a kids show, i rate it 10/10. compared to the stuff they air in its place today, well, lets just say i wish it'd be re-aired. dvd release, anyone?

50 years old, this musical comedy fantasy might look its age, but it wears it with dignity.this film is still great fun. crosby was never really romantic lead material, but he delivers the material with the lightly humorous edge it needs. bendix plays broad and is huge fun in a part which calls upon his strengths. hardwicke - how joyous for a knight of the realm - a genuine one - to throw himself into caperings like this with such abandon. and rhonda fleming enjoys herself in the least showy of the main roles. only murvyn vye disappoints as an unconvincing merlin.though not a musical, the songs are very good, and the "dance" routine accompanying busy doing nothing is perfect - funny, appropriate, dexterous without being challenging, and making a virtue out of crosby's musical movement which, let's be fair, was inherently amusing due ti its never being his greatest strength.the colour is fine, the sound is a little muddy in places.and the story - well, it takes some liberties with the original, but i suspect that mr clemens might well have been pleased with the result.

some of the posters seem less than gruntled because this is neither mark twain nor rodgers and hart but clearly it doesn't pretend to be either. you'll look a long time to find a greater rodgers and hart fan than me but burke and van heusen weren't exactly chopped liver in addition to which they knew der bingle inside out and tailored some great songs - but beautiful, moonlight becomes you, it's always you, the day after forever, etc - to fit his highly personal style and here they come up with yet another fine - and unfairly neglected - ballad, once and for always, plus a couple of upbeat philosophy-lite entries in if you stub your toe on the moon and busy doing nothing. the flimsy plot isn't meant to be taken seriously - why else make merlin a heavy when in most, if not all, of the other versions he is more a friend/mentor to arthur - so if you start wondering aloud why sir lancelot who has been sold to historians as the epitome of chivalry and uprightness metamorphoses into a schoolyard bully you're not going to get much fun out of what is essentially a fun movie. on balance it does what it sets out to do, entertain, so good luck to it.

hello again, i have to comment on this wonderful, exciting, and believable tale of romance and intrigue. the music in wonderful and memorable. very good colorful movie. another movie i liked as well later on was high society with bing crosby. wonderful music. thanks for listening, florence forrester-stockton, reno, nevada

this movie is a great. the plot is very true to the book which is a classic written by mark twain. the movie starts of with a scene where hank sings a song with a bunch of kids called "when you stub your toe on the moon" it reminds me of sinatra's song high hopes, it is fun and inspirational. the music is great throughout and my favorite song is sung by the king, hank (bing crosby) and sir "saggy" sagamore. overall a great family movie or even a great date movie. this is a movie you can watch over and over again. the princess played by rhonda fleming is gorgeous. i love this movie!! if you liked danny kaye in the court jester then you will definitely like this movie.

stylishly directed, picturesquely photographed and brilliantly acted  crosby's interpretation seems exactly right, hardwicke has his best role ever, while bendix is a treat too  this yankee's appeal is universal and irresistible.one of the principal joys of the movie, of course, are the songs. as might be expected, bing is in fine voice. and although hardwicke's solo has been cut, we can still hear him sing heartily as he dances merrily with crosby and bendix in their famous novelty number, "busy doing nothing". it's also a treat to hear rhonda fleming, who, although she enjoyed an extensive stage and concert career as a singer, was rarely given a chance to be heard in the cinema. she has a lovely voice that more than matches her ravishing looksand she looks very fetching indeed in her mary kay dodson costumes.director tay garnett gets the most out of his lavish budget, using all the resources at his command to present every fabulous scene as effectively as possible. (perhaps the eclipse looks a trifle too contrived, but who's complaining?) in short, as the trailer actually describes, an entertainment delight from start to finish.

this movie is humorous, charming, and easily becomes a favorite for those who enjoy light entertainment. hollywood is hardly the place for serious history lessons so i simply accept it as is. bing, in his usual inimitable style, performs quite well as the blacksmith, hank martin, who by accident is transported back to another age, the time of king arthur. the beautiful rhonda fleming is breathtaking as alisande, or sandy, the object of hank's affections although she is betrothed to the brave and formidable sir lancelot, played by henry wilcoxon.i just love that episode when king arthur (cedric hardwicke), sir sagramore (wm. bendix), and hank (bing crosby) dress up in tattered clothing and take to the high road with their knapsacks to experience the kingdom at firsthand. king arthur's comment, "i say, we are not alone" while giving his scruffy garments a good scratch, is one of those hilarious moments in the film. william bendix's portrayal is superbly ridiculous, not to mention his attempts at quaint "ye olde english." the story is not deep but it's well done in my opinion and i enjoy it more each time i see it. it's great family entertainment too.

i understand that paramount wanted to film this with the rodgers and hart score, but couldn't work out the copyright problems, so burke and van heusen who wrote the between them the most songs for bing crosby contributed a very nice score.i read leonard maltin saying that this movie, "fit crosby like a glove" and i couldn't have put it better. no, it's not mark twain's satire, it's a bing crosby film and in 1949 crosby was the most bankable star in hollywood. for once paramount used technicolor and rhonda fleming was never lovelier on the screen. this was a woman that technicolor was invented for.william bendix's brooklyn origins kinda stand out, but it's to a good comic effect. the trio of crosby, bendix, and sir cedric hardwicke have a rollicking good time with busy doing nothing. bing has one of his patented upbeat philosophical numbers with if you stub your toe on the moon.the third song he sings once and for always by himself and with rhonda fleming. that song was nominated for best song, but lost to baby it's cold outside. nice also that bing managed to record the score for decca with rhonda fleming and bendix and hardwicke.one thing i like about this film is that it shows crosby's comic talents without bob hope. i like the road pictures, but bing was a comic talent onto himself and this film better demonstrates than any other.this is crosby at the top of his game.

only the chosen ones will appreciate the quality of the story and character design of this movie. superior ancients that dwell in the lands of lore far beyond any average human creature's understanding. this movie pulls the adventure genre into a unique centrifugal magical force of fantasy unto thee mystical crystals of chalice. stories come and go, but the idea for a good story is to think positive, not negative thoughts. to create a good versus evil battle like never before. embracing an impounding shimmering process that keeps imagination glowing in one dimension and out the other. striking a quick flash of energy that transports a human to another world.

wizards of the lost kingdom is a movie about a young prince (simon) who is banished from his kingdom due to his father (the king) being killed by the cliche "evil adviser". this movie's about simon's adventures. the special effects, plot, acting, and generally everything about this movie is bad. however, it's so bad that it's funny. you will keep watching this movie simply because it's so bad it's funny, and, like the other reviewer of the movie said, it's so bad it's good.

i have to start by telling you how i came across this movie.it was winter time in alaska around the year 1990.a friend of mine from australia was staying with me and my girl friend in a shoe box of an apartment.winters in alaska can be a bit brutal and most people stay indoors,drink heavily and watch anything that comes on the television.i had found this movie outside of a thrift store laying in a snowbank and right away new it was a treasure.it is quite possibly the best worst movie ever.we spent the next two weeks watching this movie and drinking like fish.we watched it so many times in fact that we would sometimes turn the television on its side or upside down for a more full filling effect.it is a true gem.the laughs will come nonstop and the memories last forever.if you see this movie for rent in a video store,steal it.you won't regret it!

this movie is horrible- in a 'so bad it's good' kind of way.the storyline is rehashed from so many other films of this kind, that i'm not going to even bother describing it. it's a sword/sorcery picture, has a kid hoping to realize how important he is in this world, has a "nomadic" adventurer, an evil aide/sorcerer, a princess, a hairy creature....you get the point.the first time i caught this movie was during a very harsh winter. i don't know why i decided to continue watching it for an extra five minutes before turning the channel, but when i caught site of gulfax, i decided to stay and watch it until the end.gulfax is a white, furry creature akin to chewbacca, but not nearly as useful or entertaining to watch. he looks like someone glued a bunch of white shag carpeting together and forced the actor to wear it. there are scenes where it looks like the actor cannot move within, or that he's almost falling over. although he isn't in the movie that much, the few scenes are worth it! watch as he attempts to talk smack to bo svenson, taking the solo-chewbacca comparison's to an even higher level! i actually bought this movie just because of that character, and still have it somewhere! gulfax may look like sh!t, but he made this movie!!! the only reason i've never seen the sequel, or even sought it out, was because of his absence! perhaps should there be a final film, completing the trilogy, gulfax will make a much-anticipated return!

when i saw this movie first, it was long ago on vhs-video. i did like this movie, because it was funny and excitingly. some years ago i saw another movie, called: *andy colby's incredible adventure* in this movie were parts of *wizards of the lost kingdom* used in. they called this movie "kor the conquerer". i began to search for the "kor"-movie many years, because i wanted to see the complete movie, not only the parts which were used in the *andy colby*-movie. no shop had this kor-movie to rent and no shop did know this movie. many years i watched my old vhs-tapes i had at home, and what a wonder... i had this movie since many years still at home, but the movie had a different title, because in germany it has 3 or 4 titles. so i was happy to find this tape at home and this time i had much more time in watching *kor the conquerer again. the music is great during the hole movie, but the best part of filming in combination with the music is this moment, when kor is walking drunken through the green forrest. the music in the background had some kind of magic. i like bo svenson, and also the boy, who played simon in the movie. both of them did their job very good. manfred kraatz, germany, 26.10.2004. thanks to all for reading my comment.

although i am inclined to agree with the other comments made by people who have seen this movie, i am ashamed to say i rather like it. not often can such a huge pile of 80s pap be found outside of a wham! video, so it is most definitely worth a viewing (£0.79 a night in my local store!). watch out for the insanely obvious seams and zip on the monster's costume, the fact that the 'hero' looks a lot like keith chegwin and such classic lines as the following: evil wizard-type bloke: "at last we meet kor..." kor: "thrilling, isn't it?"amazing!!i also like the fact that although the video box looks quite exciting with images of a castle surrounded by raging seas and a dangerous falcon-like bird carrying a handsome hero to safety (among other such 'interesting and engaging' suggestions of what goes on in the actual film, none of them actually happen. no, i'm not joking...there really isn't a raging sea or a ferocious bird, it's just trying to make you interested...classic in my opinion. this film gets 10 for pure entertainment value!!

maybe i loved this movie so much in part because i've been feeling down in the dumps and it's such a lovely little fairytale. whatever the reason, i thought it was pitch perfect. great, intelligent story, beautiful effects, excellent acting (especially de niro, who is awesome). this movie made me happier than i've been for a while.it is a very funny and clever movie. the running joke of the kingdom's history of prince savagery and the aftermath, the way indulging in magic effects the witch and dozens of smart little touches all kept me enthralled. that's much of what makes it so good; it's an elaborate, special-effects-laden movie with more story than most fairytale movies, yet there is an incredible attention to small things.i feel like just going ahead and watching it all over again.

going into seeing this movie i was a bit skeptical because fantasy movies are not always my cup of tea. especially a romantic fantasy.little did i know that i was in for a ride through cinematic magic. everything in the movie from plot to dialogue to effects was very near perfection.claire danes shines like the star she is in this movie. from beginning to end you fall more and more in love with this character.michelle pfeiffer is menacing as an evil witch bent on capturing the star for eternal youth and beauty.robert de niro is a lovable character who gives the audience the greatest bit of comic relief as the movie is gaining momentum towards the climax.overall this was a movie that surprised and delighted me as a movie fan. if you are looking for a fun and enjoyable movie that will be fun for the kids and adults alike, stardust is the way to go.

highly enjoyable, very imaginative, and filmic fairytale all rolled into one, stardust tells the story of a young man living outside a fantasy world going inside it to retrieve a bit of a fallen star only to find the star is alive, young, and beautiful. a kingdom whose king is about to die has said king unleash a competition on his several sons to see who can retrieve a ruby first to be king whilst a trio of witches want the star to carve up and use to keep them young. these three plot threads weave intricately together throughout the entire picture blended with good acting, dazzling special effects, and some solid sentiment and humour as well. stardust is a fun film and has some fun performances from the likes of claire danes as the star(i could gaze at her for quite some time) to michelle pfeiffer(i could gaze at her at full magical powers even longer) playing the horrible witch to robert deniro playing a nancy-boy air pirate to perfection. charlie cox as the lead tristan is affable and credible and we get some very good work from a group of guys playing the sons out to be king who are constantly and consistently trying to kill off each other. mark strong, jason flemyng, and ruppert everett plays their roles well in both life and death(loved this whole thread as well). peter o'toole plays the dying killer daddy and watch for funny man ricky gervais who made me laugh more than anything in the entire film in his brief five minutes(nice feet). but the real power in the film is the novel by neil gaiman and the script made from his creative and fertile mind. stardust creates its own mythology and its own world and it works.

although stardust seems to be a fantasy film with predictable ending and average performances, it is certainly not. when i saw the movie, i knew it was going to be one of my favorite movies. and i was right. stardust is more of a fairytale than an adventure film. it has this magical 'aura' from the beginning to the very end of the movie. the storyline is well written , and it keeps you on the edge of your seat. like every tale , it has some short of morality. therefore we know in our hearts that the evil brothers won't take the throne but the innocent boy who manages to overcome every obstacle and difficulty he encounters during his journey. we also know that the true love is yvaine and not victoria , the material girl who is shallow and manipulative. i have to give extra credits to claire danes. she literally shines in this movie. her eyes have this sparkle that fit totally in her character. moreover, she and cox do have chemistry which makes the romance in the film even more notable. the rest of the cast are well known actors and actresses which of course make stardust an interesting and ''high classed'' movieoverall , the movie is fantastic, the locations magical and the plot interesting.i was very disappointed that the film didn't get nominated for more awards. i have to give at least 9/10 stars for this.

i contend that whoever is ultimately responsible for creating/approving the trailer for this movie has completely blundered. no one i know wanted to see this movie based on the previews, and everyone who actually saw it (that i know) absolutely loved it... the advertising campaign is disgrace/disaster/blunder.opened at #4 behind...#1-rush hour, which i have not seen, average imdb score of 7.4.#2-the bourn ultimatum, which i have seen, awesome movie but 3rd week out, average imdb score of 8.7 (deserving i would say).#3-the simpsons movie, which i have seen, okay movie but 4th week out, average imdb score of 8.1 (a bit high in my opinion).#4-stardust, average imdb score of 8.4 (lower then bourn, but that's been our for 3 weeks).whether it was poor scheduling or poor advertising i think that the powers that be behind this movie screwed up big time! this should have been advertised as an amazing movie that happens to be a fantasy/fairytale and not advertised as just another fairytale too bad :( anyway- now that i have very pointlessly ranted on-and-on... awesome movie, go see it!

this remarkable film can be summed up very easily. first of all, while the comparisons to "princess bride" are inevitable, it's almost futile to do so. while both films combine adult wit and humor with a fairy tale backdrop, "stardust" is so much different than any other fantasy/sci-fi film i've ever seen. it's such a hybrid of those genres, but its plot and script are so unique that--along with the performances, special effects, cinematography, and score--the finished product is simply not all that comparable to anything that has ever appeared on the silver screen. secondly, the score is very effective at simultaneously pulling us into the story and the fantasy world in which it takes place and pushing the story along, while creating just the right amount of awe and excitement necessary to make the magic believable within the realm where the characters exist. thirdly, i did not find the film to be even remotely difficult to follow or confusing in any way. in fact, the interesting interplay between the three main subplots actually made it even that much more compelling to watch. wonderfully casted, and superbly acted across the board. this fantasy adventure (with sci-fi elements) was the best one i've seen since "return of the king" (not that i am comparing the two at all). ok, so its not that easy to sum up, but don't let any crude and/or heartless and cynical review nor the film's pathetic pr prevent you from partaking in the best time you could have at the movies this summer (or even possibly in a long time)!

please, future writers, producers, directors - learn from this movie!never before have i seen such a bold and original tale created for the big movie screen. bold, because the script constantly made a step so many fantasy movies safely avoided - a step to something new, creative and daring. just when you think 'oh, i've seen this before' or 'i am sure this is what will happen now' - stardust would make an unexpected twist and involve you more and more into the story.the actors are great - even the smallest part is performed with such talent it fills me with awe for the creators of this movie. robert de niro is gorgeous and performs with such energy that he simply steals the show in each scene he's in. michelle pfeiffer is the perfect witch, and claire danes a wonderful choice for the innocent and loving 'star', yvaine. other big names make outstanding roles. i had the filling everyone is trying to give his best for this movie. but once again, the story by neil gaiman, all the little things he 'invented' for this universe - simply outstanding.i watched this movie at a pre-screening today, a day before the official release, and do hope it will have huge success. there is so much humor, but also tense moments as well as lovely tender scenes. the look in the eyes of yvaine, the 'frivolities' of captain shakespeare, the passion of lamia the witch - impressive, unforgettablefor me this is the number one entertaining movie of 2007, watch it and enjoy it11/10 - outstandingpeace and love

what a wonderful, fanciful movie "stardust" is.i could easily end it with that one statement and suffice to say, one could take it as a very strong recommendation to go see it.at a time when hollywood seems bent on forcing remakes and sequels down our throats, "stardust" makes us remember why we go to the movies in the first place - to escape reality for a couple of hours and explore other lives, other times, or other planets. ironically, "stardust" takes us to all three places effortlessly and with a childlike glee we all long for."stardust" is full of all the characters we remember as children: princes, witches, pirates, ghosts and scoundrels. it has the damsel in distress, the hero, the rogues, the obstacles, spells, antidotes, charms, and even a touch of light-speed to make it quasi modern."stardust" is about a man from the town of wall, which is conveniently situated next to a wall that separates their town from a magical kingdom. the only way past the wall is through a breech that is diligently guarded by a scruffy old codger (played wonderfully by david kelly). one day a young man from wall named ben barnes out maneuvers the old guard and escapes through the breech. he happens upon an enchanted kingdom called stormhold where he meets a chained (and very sexy) young lady named una. she is held captive by a witch and leashed by an unbreakable chain. while the witch is away, una seduces ben and sends him on his way. ben returns to wall without incident and continues his life. but nine months later he is summoned to the wall breech where the old guard hands him what you might expect - a baby boy.the boy, named tristan grows up to be a rather hapless young man (charlie cox) who is smitten with a girl way out of his league and also betrothed to another. nevertheless, the young lady (named victoria and played sienna miller) goes out once with tristain and he confesses his love to her. after they espy a falling star, she tells him he can have her if he retrieves the star and brings it back to her. he agrees and sets out on his quest, which will take him to the other side of the wall.meanwhile in the kingdom of stormhold, the old king (perfectly played by peter o'toole) is dying. he calls his remaining living sons to tell them who shall succeed him to the throne. his sons' names are primus, secondus, sextmus, and septimus. the other sons where killed by the other brothers in a humorous competition to see who lives to get the throne.anyway, he tosses his ruby charm to the sky and voila, that what brings the star to earth.the star crashes in the form of a beautiful woman named yvaine (clare danes) and she, of course, is wearing the charm. but little does she know she is now being persuaded by tristain, the princes, and also an aging witch named lamia (michelle pfeiffer) who wants to cut out the stars heart to regain her own youth.complicated? yes. but it all comes together as the adventure unfolds.tristain is the first to find yvaine but is so blinded by his devotion to victoria he doesn't recognize the growing bond between he and yvaine. his initial interest lie only in returning yvaine to victoria as proof of his love. but he must get past the princes and lamia first. the princes aren't that big an issue as they are constantly trying to kill each other - and just as in "pirates of the caribbean" - never has death been so funny. but tristain also encounters the witch who enslaved his mother (though he doesn't know it's his mother) and a band of flying pirates led by robert deniro.his is the most important character in the movie and deniro plays it to a tee. he steals the movie with his toughness and soon we learn an undercover secret that will leave audiences on the floor with laughter. though his role is small in length, deniro is extraordinary!michelle pfeiffer is wonderful as lamia - a sexy evil witch. claire danes is most appropriate as the confused and distressed yvaine. she makes a perfect damsel. jason flemyng, adam buston, rupert everett, and mark strong add the perfect dose of levity as the fighting princes whom, as they die return as ghosts ala "blithe spirit" and "high spirits".moreover director matthew vaughn, whose only other directing experience was "layer cake", weaves an enchanting tale that everyone will enjoy."stardust" may be too complex for young children, but anyone over the age of 13 will want to see this movie multiple times. it's that good. "stardust" is what movies are supposed to be. perfectly written, perfectly cast, perfectly directed, and perfectly acted. in other words...perfect.

this is the epitome of fairytale! the villains are completely wicked and the heroes are refreshingly pure. danes, deniro,and pfieffer are wonderful as well as the new actor who plays the role of tristan. outstanding performances, delightful magic, funny and dramatic, and a perfect fairytale ending make this film absolutely fabulous! i'm not so sure all content is appropriate for younger children but for an older audience, there are plenty of hilarious subtleties! the previews do not do this movie justice! my fiancé and i were quite skeptical but were so thrilled we had taken a chance on this movie that i can only hope to assure anyone on the fence about this movie to give it a try!

if any style of film could be called my "guilty pleasure", it'd be this generic fantasy type. guilty is the wrong word for it, though, as i'm pretty pleased to be an escapist from time to time. "stardust" is good stock fantasy, the likes of which one should expect from neil gaiman (or gaiman adaptation, as it were). it isn't the visual dream-scape of mirrormask, it isn't the adult pretension of pan's labyrinth, and it isn't the fun-loving classic the princess bride, but it contains just what the fantasy-lover is familiarized enough with to be completely comfortable during the entire viewing. fantasy lovers should rejoice--special effects work has finally become good enough and cheap enough that this stuff is in regular production now.the story of stardust involves a young man named tristan who, in order to gain the love and approval of the most beautiful girl in their small town of wall, goes on an adventure to retrieve a fallen star. to make things difficult, however, tristan's fallen star is actually a woman named yvaine, and he's not the only one looking for her... some witches have their greedy eyes on the immortality the star's heart can give, and a brother's feud over the magic kingdom leads murderous princes in her direction.from there it's all pretty predictable, but it involves some attractive fantasy elements, some warm-hearted commentary on the nature of love, and the best part, robert deniro as a gay pirate. on that note, deniro's performance is spot-on... it's not the excessive lisp that most actors use to portray gay people, but a surprisingly effective one from someone used to being seen as a rough-and-gruff typecast character (thus the ongoing joke surrounding his character matching deniro's own opening up into alternate forms of acting). deniro hasn't been so unique to his own image since brazil, and that's saying something.stardust is the type of movie, perhaps, that will subsist on children's and fantasy-lover's shelves for a long time. i can't say it offers anything new, but it's not really there to. it's actually those most familiar with it's tropes that will enjoy it the most.--polarisdib

greetings again from the darkness. this one will be compared to "the princess bride" and although it doesn't measure up to that classic, it is extremely entertaining and well made in its own right. the story line is a bit odd and the whole wall thing is never really explained, but the execution is fine, even building up strong suspense.charlie cox plays tristan, who falls for the wrong girl (sienna miller), and agrees to fetch her a fallen star ... who happens to be played by the stunning claire danes. not much suspense on what happens with these two, but the suspenseful part comes in with the wicked witch played by michelle pfeiffer and the prince son of king peter o'toole looking to reclaim the ruby necklace our "star" is wearing. lots of bad chasing the good.along the way, an encounter with the strangest pirate you will see (including any from the carribbean). robert deniro plays captain shakespeare - tough on the inside, and shall we say in touch with his feminine side. another encounter involves the brilliant ricky gervais as a fast talking trader and that is good for a couple of laughs.not your typical chase, coming of age, or fantasy film, but director matthew vaughn's ("layer cake") effort deserves an audience. sadly the poor marketing campaign will probably prevent it from making any money. my guess it will find big success on video.

this movie is wonderful.i was 'enchanted', i should say, and surprised because of how uniquely it was done. the cast, the sequencing, the effects...everything! magnificent! i mean, it was a love story, yes, but what made it outstanding from the rest was that it was told in an entertaining, wholesome manner.for me, it is the representation of modern fairy tale. it's like the modern peter pan...simply amazingi surely would buy a copy of this the moment it hit the market.this movie is really a double must see one...!!!! 10 stars for that!

i anticipated this movie to be decent and possibly cliché, but i was completely wrong! charlie cox (i had never heard of him until now) played an incredibly good leading man; he was so earnest and romantic, me and my friend that saw the movie with me totally fell in love with him.claire danes, who i did like before (loved her in romeo and juliet), made me enjoy her even more. her acting was fantastic, i couldn't even tell that she was american. the chemistry between her and charlie cox was extremely good, the casting was quite perfect.robert deniro and michelle pfeiffer were equally well-casted; deniro as that gay pirate...priceless, priceless. i laughed so hard at that one scene where septimus comes on the ship...oh my god, wow. pfeiffer played a decent villain, i liked her as the snippy mother in hairspray. but she had the right amount of melodrama and snide comments throughout the movie. overall, it was funny (but not slap-stick at all!), romantic, the special effects weren't totally frequent but when they were, they were great; the cameos from ricky gervais and peter o'toole were also well-placed. i totally recommend this movie to anyone who likes fantasy movies like the princess bride or even lord of the rings. it kept my interest the entire time and i will be buying the dvd when it comes out!

the beautiful story of stardust is written by by neil gaiman (writer of mirrormask) and it's really a good story. i think it would appeal to any labyrinth, princess bride or 10th kingdom fan and yet it's totally unique and stands up on it's own. and i feel the film adaptation of this story has a far better ending than what was presented in the original novel by neil gaiman. i won't spoil it for you.the main character, tristan (tristran in the novel), is the son of a mortal and a faerie slave kept by a witch in the realm of faerie. the story begins in a town near a wall that separates the magical world from the human world. when there is a falling star tristan promises to retrieve it for a girl he is infatuated with. he is unaware that the star has taken the form of a girl in the fairy world and that there are others after her too. three elderly witches who want to use her heart to become young again, and some bickering princes.it's a really good story. it has humor and magic and beautiful, surreal scenes and visuals. it's charming and i feel it can be watched by children and adults of all ages. it's simply magical. it's a true classic fairy tale, the likes of which i haven't seen in cinema since the 1980s.

as a massive fan of fantasy in general, and of the works of neil gaiman *in particular*, i've been looking forward to this film so avidly, so hungrily and with such a bittersweet mixture of anticipation and fear of disappointment that i can scarcely believe it's finally here. and you know what? i needn't have feared, the film version is bl**dy awesome. different from the book, but in a good way - less whimsical, more comical, still deeply sweet and enchanting.the special effects are absolutely spot-on, and make magic feel a natural and proper part of the world of wall without being overtly spectacular and intrusive.proper attention has been paid to storytelling and pacing, and the casting in the main is a triumph, with the ghostly princes (whose roll-call read almost as a "who's who" of currently cool british comedy - rupert everett, david walliams of little britain fame, two of the blokes from green wing etc) stealing most of the best lines and pretty much all of the films' funniest moments, which exist in abundance. in fact, the one minor criticism i have at all of the film is that sometimes the comedy elements become a little ott, subtlety goes out of the window to the detraction of the main story.... ricky gervais' cameo, for example, was far too much just "ricky gervais doing his usual david brent from the office comedy persona" for my liking, and in my opinion, created an unwelcome and jolting break from the magical spell of the progressing story (though in fairness, from memory i believe the ferdy character in the original book was pretty "ricky gervais"-esquire when i think back on it)....but this is a minor quibble in an otherwise immaculately cast and scripted fairytale with a good mixture of action and romance. charlie cox, as the protagonist tristan, captures the correct mixture of naivety, subtle comedy and self-realisation required for a story like this where a "humble young boy embarks on life-changing quest"; claire danes as yvaine is beautiful, feisty and just ever so slightly alien or ethereal, a perfect interpretation of her stellar role; robert de niro, in the cameo every reviewer is talking about, is indeed deserving of praise, rollicking good fun (looks like he's having a ball, too)... and michelle pfeiffer is triumphantly cool and nasty as wicked witch lamia, my favourite performance of the film overall. if you enjoyed her deliciously b!tchy performance in the recent "hairspray" then you will thoroughly enjoy her in this, too.so to round off this review: you will laugh, for sure, you will smile, and you may even cry - stardust is a beautiful, heart-warming fairytale for all the family, with a heart of gold and more sass 'n smarts than is immediately apparent. one of my all-time favourite films is the absolutely fantastic princess bride, and stardust is being readily likened to this with good reason as it is a very similar type of film exploring similar themes and territory.... and just as the princess bride remains fresh, smart and funny twenty years after its initial release, i believe that the delicious tongue-in-cheek sweetness of stardust will be showing up as a family favourite on our televisions (or equivalent future device!) for many years to come.

while i don't consider myself a big fan of fairy tale movies, stardust intrigued me based on seeing michelle pfeiffer in the trailers as a villain (especially since i was about to see her as the bossy velma von tussle in hairspray). boy, is she so convincingly evil here as a witch, especially with her age-ugly makeup in the beginning and end! robert de niro is also great as the pirate captain who's forced to hide "in the closet" to protect his "reputation"! just about all the actors like claire danes, rupert everett, ricky gervais, peter o'toole and many others do fine work here. while danes and pfeiffer are classic beauties, there's also stunning faces of sienna miller, olivia grant (as girl bernard), and kate magowan especially when we first meet her. newcomer charlie cox is fine as the lead tristan and he looked so much like his father dunstan as a young man that i thought that was him in early scenes with magowan (actually ben barnes). many comments have compared this to the princess bride and while i can see some resemblances, the main difference was that with pb, you always knew it was just an imaginary tale as told by an old man to his grandson. stardust makes you believe, for the most part, that what you're seeing and hearing could have actually happened even with all the hilarity that happens throughout. so on that note, i highly recommended stardust.

there are not many movies around that have given me a feeling like stardust did all throughout the course of the film. as magically fairy-tale-like as the princess bride, stardust is most definitely the most wonderful fantasy spectacle of the 2000's as well as the 1990's. exciting, hilarious and equipped with wonderful imagery as well as unforgettable characters, michelle pfeiffer and robert deniro's especially, i challenge anyone to watch this movie without a smile. from the first ten minutes of the film you know perfectly well how it will end, but it is the journey and not the destination that enthralls the viewer from start to finish.ten stars, and not a decimal less.

the summer has been so full of blockbusters and comebacks of films, and not to mention some of the disappointments of those comebacks, that i was woe to find a film i could just sit down and enjoy. in case you don't want to read further down the page (there aren't any spoilers), i'll sum it up here: it's more mature than ella enchanted (there are some questionably violent parts, plenty of death, and a handful of scenes with a little blood, not for small children), but doesn't try to be overly corny or overstep its bounds. think of it as a bit more serious, bit more magical princess bride, and you'll be close. -------------------------------------------------------------i am, perhaps, not as prodigious a movie goer as others... maybe once or twice a month, if i feel active. i'm also a huge sci-fi/fantasy fan. i get bored of remade repetitive story lines and films with more flash than filling faster than you can count to 10, and this film is the diamond in the rough.by the end here (august), i was tired enough of fractured expectations from the big hits that i averted seeing bourne ultimatum in favor of stardust. having had my hopes thoroughly muddied by transformers for my fiction addiction, the previews of stardust seemed appealing, but i was certainly wary.as many others here, i was utterly surprised. i had gone in thinking to see another generic fantasy movie clichéd from here to breakfast. don't be fooled, it is most definitely a fairy-tale, and it does indeed have witches, magic, and utterly requires suspension of disbelief... but the most refreshing thing i found, is that it's not based on anything i've seen or read in the past 15 years, and it's actually a really good movie.((unlike 90% of the other movies which seem to persistently re-appear like thorns in a side, perhaps a sign that hollywood is running out of ideas? i could read a book this year, and in two years the movie would be out as another "epic fantasy tale, the likes of lotr and the rest" so says the nyt and such and such no doubt.))stardust didn't have me bolted to my seat because of jam-packed action at every turn, nor was i sweating bullets because of plot-hook after plot-hook threatening to tear the dramatic tension apart and echo throughout the theater in a loud boom. it didn't even use enormous blasts of sound to grab my attention to what's happening on screen (transformers, i'm looking at you). it's not trying to show off the latest cgi techniques, nor did it offend my intelligence with dimwitted dialogs and story lines that are simple enough i could've figured them out in 3rd grade (boy i hate those). i just... watched. watched, and enjoyed a refreshingly creative storyline unfold before my eyes. sure, i may have known what was going to happen throughout most of the film, but it makes you forget that. it even made my heart twinge at some parts, but the most important aspect i noticed is that i left the theater feeling better than when i'd gone in.it truly is a gem. after so much slush this summer with so many remakes and films that fell short of my expectations, this was like a cold sweet cup of tea to cap off all the hard work i'd done sitting through the others trying to come out of them with my money's worth.it's probably not for everyone, but do yourself a favor; if you enjoy fantasy films that stand the test of time alone (princess bride, black cauldron, the dark crystal, etc.) then you should really see this movie. this little diamond is finding its way into my dvd collection the moment it hits stores, you can trust me on this.simply wonderful.

this afternoon we took the kids to the movies and saw neil gaimans stardust and all i can say is wow.it is rare that i am completely taken aback by anything but this is quite possibly the greatest fantasy movie i have ever seen, maybe even the best movie of any kind and it is all neil gaiman's fault.sure, i could have been sucked in by the wonderful dialog which was smart, flowed smoothly,and made the characters completely believable.i could go on for days about the spectacular acting, charlie cox is perfect as tristan, claire daines is brilliant as yvaine, and robert di nero almost steals the movie as the deeply in the closet pirate captian shakespeare.the pure joy brought about by the humor which managed to be laugh our loud funny, intelligent enough to make the first shrek look like an 80's sitcom, and blend in perfectly with the rest of the movie alone would have made this a great movie.special effects were near perfect, true this was no lotr or star wars sf extravaganza but where they were use they were exactly what was called for, not too much to distract you from the movie itself and blended into the story perfectly.then there is the story? what can i say. how often do you come across a story containing all of the classic fairytale formula components that doesn't just come off as another cheap princess bride knockoff. it manages to be familiar and comfortable and yet completely new and refreshing at the same time.any one of those things would have made this a good movie, all of them combined make it a great movie but they pale in comparison to the rich enchanting world that those elements combine to bring to life well. once again neil gaiman has done it, he has driven another dagger into my heart by creating a world of fantasy that is so beautiful and enchanting that i would do almost anything to live in it and only given me a short glimpse into it. i didn't want it to end, i wanted to be sucked through a vortex to the land of stormhold and get to meet tristan and yvaine in person, to travel it's fields and valleys, stroll through it's marketplaces and meet it's residents both dangerous and friendly and stay there forever. it is a feeling that i have noticed whenever i have read anything by gaiman, the sandman, american gods, coraline all left me with a deep sense of sadness when i finished reading them because it was over, i could not see anything more into the worlds he had created which seemed to be so much more vibrant and alive than the one i am forced to live in and watching stardust was no different.in the end i'm sure that neil's writing and this movie won't have the same effect on everyone but trust me when i say you will not regret the time or money spent watching this movie, it is easily one of the top 5 movies i have ever seen and i can guarantee that anyone at all with a soul will at least like it.

the power to dream is a wonderful thing. there's a saying, "not all dreamers achieve, but all achievers dream." by exploring our imagination we shape our own futures. or build empires. perhaps overcome our fears, limitations and obstacles. gain wisdom and benefit mankind. or (put simply) just find our way to true love and happiness. freud might express such things in symbols. the language of fantasy.tristan ventures out of a rather twee english village called wall. he goes through a break in the wall. a portal. in search of something that will prove his love to victoria (sienna miller). victoria doesn't take him very seriously. so he pledges to bring back a falling star.stormhold is the world outside the wall. he discovers the fallen star has taken the form of a beautiful girl, yvaine (claire danes). to complicate matters, three evil witches want to get hold of yvaine. if they can eat her heart, it will replenish their youth. (one of the witches is played by michelle pfeiffer, who does fabulous young-old transformations of looks and manner.) the 'good guy' they meet on their way is captain shakespeare (robert de niro). he has a fierce, swashbuckling pirate exterior but is a sweetie closet queen underneath. heirs of stormhold meanwhile are engaged in a pitched battle over inheriting the kingdom. ricky gervais is an added extras. a buffoon trader throwing in standard gervais-type gags well. tristan's purity of spirit arouses the love of yvaine, so there is a nice little triangle going. till he achieves the maturity to discern pedestal divas from real women.stardust is a full-on, large scale fantasy that does credit to its myriad stars. wholly positive, and written with a clarity that makes it more worthy of psychoanalysis that a coven full of harry potter romps. production values rival hollywood, and the storyline is free of the racial stereotyping, misogyny, religious or class agendas than shape and pervert so many large scale fantasies.that is not to say that stardust is without its faults. plot and dialogue have many predictable elements, and the fairytale quality may be too saccharine for some audiences. but if you want an excuse to let your heart fly, this film may well provide it.as a boy, i remember listening in wonder to albums by the moody blues (who practiced in a house not far from where i lived). they made records with names like "in search of the lost chord," and wrote lyrics like, "thinking is the best way to travel." i would fill my head with books on magic and mystery, from timothy leary to aleister crowley. shaping dreams. learning to make them real. nowadays people might talk of nlp or positive thinking. adults that remember how to dream with the force of youth but with the vision and application of maturity. do you still enjoy that feeling?you are advised not to wait for stardust on dvd. see it on the biggest cinema screen you can find. and dolby digital surround sound if you can get it. the actors look like they had a ball. maybe you will too.

except for an awkward scene, this refreshing fairy tale fantasy has a fun and delightful undercurrent of adult cynical wit that charms its way into the audience as well as a soundtrack that powerfully moves this fairy epic along. except for one of the robert deniro scenes that doesn't come across smooth and appears out of sync with the tone of the rest of the movie, this luscious romantic fairy tail has a great storytelling feel and the strong magic and the fine balance between serious adventure scenes and the lighter spiritual humor is well done. in the updated tradition of the princess bride this contemporary presentation of magic and love is captivating. eight out of ten stars.

this movie is a lot of fun. the actors really make the movie go the distance though. without giving away the plot, i would describe it as a new princess bride cult favorite that should stand the test of time. you get to see a whole different side to robert deniro in this movie! (worth the price of admission just for that!) all the elements are there from adventure to romance, and well placed comedy.people of all ages will enjoy it. (my parents even did!) good special effects, may be scary for the little ones. good date movie. great for some escapism.deserves an a. (hope it does well at the box office)

the 14 year-old in me is immensely happy that they're now able to make really good looking fantasy movies, and that they're all the rage, what with lord of the rings, harry potter and the chronicles of narnia making loads of cash at the box office. this year will see (and already has seen) several more, most notably the golden compass, which has the most exciting trailer i've seen this year. stardust, based on a novel by neil gaiman, showed up in theaters this week with little more than a peep. i saw no previews for it, only a couple of commercials. the critical reaction is kind of blah. i wouldn't even have seen it if not for the fact that i have to wait on a friend to see the bourne ultimatum, and that nothing else interesting opened this weekend. well, if you'll forgive the horrible pun, the stars must have been rightly aligned, because i went to see stardust, and i loved it. it's not a huge movie like lord of the rings. the plot line is your very basic fantasy quest (the hero sets out to look for a fallen star) filled with obstacles. but within that basic outline, the story is lively and imaginative. it's simply aiming to be a lot of fun, and a charming little romance. and it succeeds wonderfully. there were a lot of big films this summer, but none of them were nearly as fun as this one. there's a lot going on, but the story is told well and is almost entirely coherent. it isn't a masterpiece, but it definitely can occupy the same kind of ground that something like the princess bride has (though i don't like it quite as much as the earlier film). a lot of fun to be had here if you're a fan of the genre.

i was not expecting much from this movie. i was given a ticket for an advanced screening. i had just gotten off of work. it was hot and i was tired. i had to wait in the movie line for 40 minutes and there seemed not to be any cool air flowing through the hallways of the theater complex.once seated in the theater, tired and frustrated, the movie started, i did not recognize any of the actors in the beginning, but the flow of the movie was perfect. right from the beginning i became consumed with the movie, getting more and more excited with each minute passing. i think this movie is destined to be a fantasy/fairytale classic. the actors were fabulous, the pace was perfect, and the ending was magical.

this movie has everything a fantasy movie should have, romance, clever witticisms, great acting and a fair dose of magic. i thoroughly enjoyed this movie and was drawn to its original plot (based on the neil gaiman novel which i am now looking to read) and colorful characters.one of the most striking things to me actually was how self contained the story is. unlike so many sci-fi fantasy movies out there right now which leave open-endings and such this was a pure fairy-tale, satisfying in and of itself with no need for a sequel.original. fun. feel-good fantasy.

ok here is how i do this. i grade movies on 10 components. each component will inherently start with 5 points. it can then lose or gain 5 points for a possible 10 or 0.mood: action, romance, comedy, drama, suspense - i give this component 10 points. it had a perfect balance of all five aspects. the action was fun and exiting. the romance was not overdone, but still very emotional and moving. i laughed hard and long throughout the movie and still i was captivated by the fantastic drama, and riveting suspense.plot - i give this component 10 points. i thought all the good fairy tales had already been told. i found my self, sitting in the theatre, returned to my childhood, and in that instant i again believed in unicorns, wicked witches, and falling stars that make dreams come true.cinema photography - i give this component 8 points. while the movie captured the story very well in the majority of the angles, i found my self more than once trying to figure out what happened just off camera.fx - i give this component 10 points. i love that they used c.g.i. sparingly. the epic scenes were believable. the magical powers were frighteningly realistic. all in all less is more, and this had it all! cast - i give this component 10 points. no names and seasoned actors alike, the cast was amazing! michelle pfeiffer was wonderfully wicked, charlie cox made tristan come to life, claire danes gave emotion to the stars, and i will never look and robert de niro the same again.acting - i give this component 10 points. even the newbie actors played their rolls to perfection. once again, i will never look and robert de niro the same again.character development - i give this component 9 points. this felt a little rushed and i think if the movie had been a bit longer they could have done the characters a little better justice.dialogue - i give this component 10 points. the dialogue was smart, witty, fun even the mush had good dialogue.score - i give this component 7 points. i can honestly remember only one small piece of music from the entire movie. i am not complaining beyond the fact that the music could be more memorable.ending - i give this component 9 points. almost perfect ending! i feel that certain aspects of the ending should have been more pronounced, while others could have been more subdued, but no threads were left untied.total: 93% buy the dvd? hel yes! see it in the theatre? most definitely! bottom line: excellent movie for everyone! epic! i strongly recommend seeing it in the theatre, i know i'll be going back for seconds!

stardust another guarded review (originally written june 15, 2007)the marketing machine has only just begun for this one (no site yet? wth?), so i doubt most of you have heard about it. in truth, i hadn't either (sort of). when i got the posting, i thought it was another code name and was actually worried it was transformers, one of the movies i want to see when not working so i an enjoy it 100% as a mere mortal movie-goer. turns out, it wasn't transformers and i had been aware of it way back when as 'that neil gaiman movie'. what is it about? well, in short, it's a gaiman fairy tale about a boy and a fallen star. any more than that and i'd be giving away plot info which is (a) a breach of contract, and (b) spoiling your fun. if you really want to know what it's about, go buy the book. rumour has it, gaiman might be something of a writer.not knowing what to expect in a movie can be so pleasant if the surprise is worthwhile. and for this one, it certainly was. this screening was 'special' in that it included not just film critics, but also exhibitors (they rarely have a mixed screening) and local sci-fi/fantasy folks. so, you know the expected audience, right? i mean, with this crowd and the title of stardust, i knew what to expect.oh how sweetly wrong i was.yes, it is a fairy tale written by an author famed in comic bookdom. but it was not lord of rings. it was not even another lord of the rings wannabe (ahem, eragon). it was much more intimate than all that.but, like lord of the rings, it was the, well, humanism of the film which sells the fantastical qualities. it's surely a romantic tale, but with generous splashes of humour. and that humour is of the sort which is not slapstick shrekism. it's more along the lines of dramedy than comedy. before i go on, let's do this movie review thing.acting is, in the very least, good. it's always hard to say more than that for fantasy films but i do believe there were significant superbly acted roles. michelle pfieffer is not, sadly, one of those. she plays a villain, and she does the job. nothing special. rupert everett, though, he was a real jerk. that is, a great villain. peter o'toole is, well, peter frickin' o'toole -- which is marvelous. ricky gervais is perfectly cast and shows why. robert de niro seemed to be having too much fun for the most part. when he wanted to deliver the goods, though, he did. and charlie cox (who?) as the lead character was fine surprise from a guy i ain't never heard of.claire danes. claire danes. claire danes. i've always been of mixed opinion with her. she can be great, and then she can seem to miss the mark. in this, she's the former. and she is, quite literally, the star of this film. sure, her accent stumbles here and there. and, yes, she's not as good as she can be when cox isn't in the scene. however ... well, see for yourself.special effects are muted yet accomplished, and only significant where they should be. best flying ship yet -- sorry potter. direction is light-hearted and flows nicely. cinematography could have been better but not everyone films in new zealand. all else is top bracket.and now that that's done......the writing. oh, the writing! neil, you devil. it's hard in today's climate to do anything original and, at first, you begin to wonder. a kingdom, a dying king, a boy out to prove his own worth, witches, ghosts, a quest (or three) -- what's new? but gaiman's story draws you in with its surface familiarity only to subvert it all into a sweetly original tale of a boy and his heart. and, though you suspect how it's all going to turn out, you begin to wonder in the third act and -- if you're me -- find yourself pulled into the rousing climactic confrontation and hoping for the best. in the end, you'll find this story, this movie, is what all fairy tales should be but all too often are not. fantastical and real.(i wish i could talk about septimus vs tristan but i won't ruin it for you. for those who read the book, rest assured, it's done properly.)those i spoke to afterward had the same impression i did. a great film for all ages to enjoy, and the new {withheld} for this generation. the blank gets filled-in only after the movie is in wide release because, well, you might be expecting it. you'll know when you walk out, anyway. i sincerely hope stardust doesn't get lost among the tentpoles. even if it does, it'll be my pleasure to push into the hands of everyone i know.---forgot to add the {withheld} reveal. i'm a few years late, but ... "a great film for all ages to enjoy, and the new the princess bride for this generation." perhaps a bit lofty an assessment but i'm still confident that years form now, there will be the same "oh, i love that movie," response to this as there is now for the princess bride.

night of the twisters is a very good film that has a good cast which includes devon sawa, amos crawley, john schneider, lori hallier, laura bertram, david ferry, helen hughes, jhene erwin, alex lastewka, thomas lastewka, megan kitchen, and graham mcpherson. the acting by all of these actors is very good. the special effects and thrills is really good and some of it is surprising. the movie is filmed very good. the music is good. the film is quite interesting and the movie really keeps you going until the end. this is a very good and thrilling film. if you like devon sawa, amos crawley, john schneider, lori hallier, laura bertram, david ferry, helen hughes, jhene erwin, the rest of the cast in the film, action, mystery, thrillers, dramas, and interesting films then i strongly recommend you to see this film today!

this movie is good for tv. i like it because i'm a huge fan of disaster films even though this is a family film. accuracy on the film from the book is half-and-half they got the characters names right but in the book there was no storm chaser, the the car scene involving the hatch family running away from the tornado wasn't in the book instead it involved dan hatch and his friend riding with a police officer on their way to the police station for safety. and in the book dan and his friend are both 12-years old. thats all i can think of. overall this was a good movie even though it could of have been a little more accurate to the book. did you know the book was based on a true story of a series of tornadoes devastating a small nebraska town in 1980?

i just got this video used and i was watching it last night. the acting started out extremely bad (hey------hey------twister) but got very good soon after wards. the tornadoes looked extremely fake, and many of the cgi effects were very dodgy, but the scene with the house cracking apart and the contents inside being blown around and sucked out were extremely well done, and just about on par with movies like twister. the scenes of devastation were also extremely well done too. the story was very well written, and it's refreshing to see a movie like this stray away from the same old "disaster formulas" movies of this genre seems to have been stuck in for 30 years.while this movie had a very weird mix of fx and acting quality, this merits an a in my book.

this movie has some things that are pretty amazing. first, it is supposed to be based on a true story. that, in itself, is amazing that multiple tornadoes would hit the same town at night in the fall-in nebraska. i wonder if the real town's name was close to "blainsworth" (which is the town's name in the movie). there is an ainsworth, nebraska, but there is also a town that starts with blains-something.it does show the slowest moving tornadoes on record in the the seen where the boys are in the house. on the other hand, the scene where the tv goes fuzzy is based in fact. before doppler radar and weather radio, we were taught that if you turned your tv to a particular channel (not on cable) and tuned the brightness just right, you could tell if there was a tornado coming. the problem was that by then you would be able to hear it. since i know something about midwest tornadoes, it made this movie fun for me. i enjoy it more than twister. i mean, give me a break-there is no way you could make it through and f5 by chaining yourself to a pipe in a well house.

well , i come from bulgaria where it 's almost impossible to have a tornado but my imagination tells me to be "very , very afraid"!!!this guy (devon sawa) has done a great job with this movie!i don't know exactly how old he was but he didn't act like a child (well done)!now about the tornado-it wasn't very realistic but frightens you!if you want to have a nice time in front of the telly - this is the movie!

ok, so the fx are not high budget. but this story is based on actual events. not something thrown together to make a couple of rich actors, even richer!! as most movies that are based on books, there are somethings that just don't fit. only a couple of people have stated that this movie was based on real events, not a knock-off as most people believe it is!! this movie is in no way related too twister! other than both movies are about tornadoes.for those of you who have problems with the science of the tornadoes and storms in the movie, there are a couple of things you need to remember... the actual "night of the twisters" was june 3, 1980. so this movie was released 16 years after the actual events. try think how far storm research has advanced in that time. it happened in a larger town; grand island, nebraska is the third largest city in the state. even though the movie calls the town something else, and says it's a small town. for the real story check out: http://www.gitwisters.com/

i've had a morbid fascination with tornadoes for more than 40 years, since my 5th grade teacher, a native texan, told stories of ones he saw in his youth. fortunately, i've lived my whole life in the middle atlantic states, where tornadoes are rare and usually not as violent as the ones in the midwest, but i have had two close encounters, one in pa and the other in nj, in the past decade.i enjoyed the family scenes, particularly the conflicts between jack and dan hatch. when the tornado was close, dan knew most of what he had to do, and he probably learned this in school, since i know that tornado safety is an important subject in parts of the u.s. where these storms are more frequent. however, characters in the movie did two things that some people think are supposed to be done or are safe to do in tornadoes but are actually not supposed to be done or are unsafe.when the siren first sounded, dan and arthur went through the house and opened the windows. for years, this is what people were told to do, but tornado safety web sites now advise against doing this. also, people were shown hiding in a highway underpass. this method was made popular by an early 1990s video made by a t.v. crew during a relatively weak twister in kansas. however, in the most serious tornadoes, people can be sucked out from these underpasses. this happened during a may 1999 outbreak in oklahoma.the tornadoes in this movie hit in the fall, which is not a common time for them to happen. (then again, one of my close encounters took place in late september.) also, they traveled from northwest to southeast, while most such storms in the northern hemisphere go from southwest to northeast. however, this is not all that unusual. a famous tornado that struck joliet, il, in the early 1990s traveled in that direction (as did the one involved in my other close encounter).i think that the movie should have been set in the spring. this movie was based on a book that in turn was based on an actual event that happened on june 3, 1980. but it was still a compelling story.

i really liked this movie i saw the original classic a few times but could hardly remember any details. i think this movie is much better than the cartoon its not so black and white as it. i specially liked how they made the grinch such a complete character and gave a cause of why he was the way he was, the villain in this movie was not the actual grinch but the major, much different than the original cartoon. jim carrey was perfect for the part all in all a great movie made for both kids and adults alike.

the part of the grinch was made for jim carrey and i was extremely impressed with his performance. not being a great fan of his i was apprehensive but pleasantly surprised with the outcome. taylor momsen as cindy lou who was the cutest little girl i have seen on the screen for a long time and she showed a maturity beyond her years in her acting skills. i was even drawn to tears at one point! i've never read the dr seuss book of the tale so i didnt know what to expect, the humour was quite dark. overall,i enjoyed the film (apart from the songs!) and would recommend it, for family viewing especially.

i was one of about 200 people that was lucky enough to see an early sneak of this film.stardust follows tristan a young man on a quest to find a fallen star and bring it back to the woman he loves in order to prove his love for her. the only catch is that the star has fallen on the other side of the wall, a doorway between england and a magical kingdom known as stormhold.this film was just a joy to watch, it has something in it for everyone, all of the action scenes are played out beautifully and the comedy is spread out through the film making it funny without being corny. if i had to compare the likes to another film it would probably have to be the princess bride, a classic.all the performances are outstanding, the beautiful claire danes makes you love her in her portrayal of yvaine the trusting naive star and under rated michelle pfeiffer delivers a stellar over the top performance as larnia...but the performance to talk about is robert de niro...in every scene that he is in hands down he steals the show...if you are in the mood for a funny fantasy love story this is the film. guys don't get turned off by the description there is enough action comedy and not to mention lots of eye candy with claire danes and michelle pfeiffer to keep you entertained throughout. the cinematography is dead on and keeps with the feel of the film...nothing about the film seems forced.

first an explanation on what makes a great movie for me. excitement about not knowing what is coming next will make me enjoy a movie the first time i watch it (case en point: twister). there are also other things that go into a great first viewing such as good humor (john candy in uncle buck and the great outdoors), good plot with good resolution (madeline and matilda), imaginative storytelling (all star wars episodes-george lucas is the man), and good music (again all star wars episodes, wizard of oz, sound of music). what makes me watch a movie at least six times in the theatre and buy a dvd or vhs tape? characters. with that said, i present cindy lou who and the grinch. excellent performance taylor momsen and jim carrey. the rest of the cast was very good, particularly jeffery tambor, bill irwin, molly shannon, christine baranski, and josh ryan evans. but, every single scene with cindy and the grinch-together is excellent and very funny and/or heartwarming. cindy lou is my favorite character in this movie and the most compelling reason why the movie is better than the cartoon. the grinch has a strong plot, good conflicts, and a very good theme (i can't get started because i don't want to spoil it). jim carrey was very funny as the grinch-particularly when he interacted with cindy. and the music! wow! excellent music by james horner. i loved his selection of instruments and the compositions. very good job jim carrey-i didn't know you could sing. taylor momsen! whoa! your voice is reason enough to see the movie at least once. on your solo - where are you christmas - is your voice really as high as it sounds? sounds like an f#? that is an obscene range for a 7-year old (obscene meant in the best possible way). great job. this is the best performance by a child i have ever heard in a movie(taylor beat out the von trapp children-no small feat!). and now to the actors. jim carrey was great, funny, and, surprisingly very sensitive (this really showed through in his scenes with taylor momsen). taylor momsen's unspoken expressions(one of the secrets to a good acting performance) are very strong-she really becomes cindy lou who. and when she does dialogue she is even stronger.******************************danger:spoiler alert********************* ***********************************************************************examples: expression when she first sees the grinch. this is a classic quote ("you're the the the" and then filled in with the grinch line "da da da the grinch-after which she topples into the sorter and then is rescued by the grinch). the "thanks for saving me" quote and subsequent response by the grinch was also very good.my favorite part of the movie is when cindy invites the grinch to be holiday cheermeister. this scene is two excellent actors at their best interacting and expressing with each other. little taylor momsen completely holds her own with jim carrey in this spot. i sincerely hope we see taylor momsen in many more films to come. all in all everything was great about this movie (except maybe the feet and noses).

although i really enjoyed jim carrey's latest "serious" performances ("the truman show", "man on the moon"), i've always thought his real genious lies in physical comedy. this is not to say he is a fantastic, talented actor: those bozos at the academy awards seem to dislike him so much, he has never had a (truly deserved) nomination or award. well, any "institution" that nominates for 11 oscars a bore such as "titanic" shouldn't be taken seriously.on with the review. "the grinch" is the sweetest, best looking, best acted, more enjoyable seasons film since "the nightmare before christmas". both movies seem very similar, too, with their highly stylized sets and the premise of someone stealing christmas. both make their principal actors seem like the villains (one in a higher degree than the other), both pack a strong moral lesson, and both are truly enjoyable.that is, until you realize that jack skellington is a doll, and the grinch is a human being. but a human being that is so incredibly expressive, so fluid in his movements, so cartoon-like, so unreal, that never gets in the way of the movie. he can be hilarious, he can be a sad soul, he can be angry. he lives in a 3-dimensional world, where 3-dimensional people live. he jokes, he laughs, he cries, and ultimately he saves the christmas. i loved this film to bits, and cannot wait for it to come out on dvd. this is one of those films you will really enjoy 10, 20 years from now. as timeless as they come.

in a word - excellent. this is the movie. go and see it. the director ron howard... i mean, the director ron howard did a fantastic job, as he usually does. an incredible attention to detail, vivid colors and decorations, breathtaking whoville atmosphere, astonishing variety of costumes. wait, there's more to it than that - the story is very good, too. there's clearly a message to be extracted from it by the thoughtful viewers. jim carrey is top-notch. he is probably the best grinch possible. the girl, taylor momsen, is real good. i'm sure she has some great future. the dog is cool. all in all, it's a very high quality christmas fairy-tale. if you like fairy-tales, it's for you. if you like christmas, it's for you.reading some other reviews here... get a life. it hurts me every time to see people out there who... well... got their hearts two sizes too small.

let me set the scene. it is the school holidays and there is absolutely nothing at the movies. i am with my friend deciding what to see. we look for a movie that is starting soon and "the grinch" comes up. we buy tickets not knowing what to expect. what we got was a roller coaster of fun.jim carrey (who may i add is my no.1 actor in the whole world) was absolutely magnificent as the grinch in this ron howard's best movie (next to apollo 13). the way that this movie was made, the scenery, the actors, the props and the music was just amazing. it really brought this childhood movie to life.the story is based upon the story of the grinch. as we all know the grinch is a horrible person who just can't stand christmas. he lives high above whoville and has never mingled well with the townfolk. but one little girl is going to change the grinch's look on life and on others in a drastic way.cindy lou who (played by adorable new actress taylor momsem) meets the grinch as finds the kind part of him straight away. she attempts to break the barrier and to help the grinch move in and mingle with the towns people.all up this movie is a barrel of laughs for the whole family both kids and parents. a solid 10/10. well done jim.

i'm overwhelmed by the work of jim carrey. i keep on getting this movie stuck in my head. the grinch liking martha may, cindy lou(who's very annoying; her sweet innocence) who tries to get the grinch in the christmas spirit, the childhood of the grinch (very funny!), and moreover the weak obvious ending with- christmas isn't all about presents. i have to say, i felt stupid walking out of the theater with a bunch of babies and toddlers laughing and so forth, but this movie was a good full-lengthed adaption of dr.seuss's short film and is for all ages.

the costumes and make-up were grand, there were some exceptionally funny lines, and the role was made for jim carrey. carrey did as good a job as could be done given the rather disappointing script writing. sure this was mostly a movie for kids, but if you are going to spend this much money making a movie you really ought to at least give the story enough body to go beyond that of dr seuss. i expected more from ron howard. it's worth a see, but it lacks the necessary qualities to become a major classic, by any measure.

i grew up watching, and loving this cartoon every year. i didn't think they would be able to take a half hour (20 min!) cartoon and make it a movie. they did it. with flying colours! fabulous, funny, heart warming, effective movie!

how the grinch stole christmas instantly stole my heart and became my favorite movie almost from my very first viewing. now, eight viewings later, it still has the same impact on me as it did the first time i saw it.screenwriters jeffery price & peter s. seaman of who framed roger rabbit fame do a fantastic job of adapting the story of the grinch to the screen. ron howard's direction brought the story to full life, and jim carrey's typically energetic performance as the grinch steals the show.some detractors of the film have claimed that it is not true to the spirit or principles of the original story. having read the original story, i must say i cannot agree. the movie makes the very same point about christmas and its true meaning as the original story. indeed, it enhances the impact of the story by making it more personal by showing us how and why the grinch became what he was.*mild spoilers* (they probably wouldn't ruin the movie for you... but if you haven't seen it yet and you're one of those who wants to know nothing about a story until you've seen it, you should skip the next two paragraphs.)i think just about everyone can relate to the grinch's terrible experiences in school. i think all of us, at one time or another, were the unpopular one in school who was always picked on. i know i was... and that's why i personally had so much sympathy for the grinch and what he went through.and cindy lou who's naive idealism, believing that nobody can be all bad, was heart rending. when everyone else had turned their backs on the grinch out of fear and ignorance, cindy lou was determined to be his friend. if only everyone could have such an attitude.in fact, i think the only thing that might've made the film a little better would have been to further tone down the adult humor and content. it was already pretty restrained, but any of this adult humor (like when the grinch slammed nose first into martha may whovier's cleavage) just doesn't fit in a story like this.this one's well on its way to being a christmas classic, taking a richly deserved place alongside the book and the chuck jones cartoon as a must-see of every christmas season.

jim carrey is good as usual, and even though there are quite a few "jim carrey moments", it's definitely not a "jim carrey movie".it's targeted mostly at children, and i managed to enjoy it as such movie. it was promoted in israel as another jim carrey movie, so those who expected a weird over the top comedy were disappointed.the movie has nice moments and works well as a movie for kids. i can't say i loved this movie, but then again i'm not its target audience!

jim carrey rocks! if he's in a movie its bound to be good! he did not disappoint me with this one!the rest of the cast was cute,especially little cindy lou who and martha may, i was laughing through the whole thing and cannot wait to see it again!

i went to a small advance screening of this movie on july 19th, knowing no more than the names of a few of the actors and that it was a fantasy/adventure quest of some sort.the plot line really is nothing like i have seen, and a unique story is certainly appreciated with everything else that is currently in or coming soon to theaters. in spite of what first impressions may give, it isn't cheesy, corny, tacky, or ridiculous, and is actually highly entertaining and funny. the flow is quite well done, nothing seems rushed or dragged out. the soundtrack, for lack of better words, is magical and adds much to the film, as opposed to simply filling the silence as often happens in movies or tv. and even though i might have known what was coming at points, i still couldn't bear to stop watching the screen; to my knowledge, not a single person left the theater during the entire movie.my one gripe is that there seems to be almost no marketing for this film, and as brilliant as it is i can't figure out why.

i waited and waited for this film to come out,the trailers seemed to be on for years, it was worth it. i'm not a big fan of watching films over and over again but i cant wait for this to come out for all to buy! not a big fan of jim but this suited him perfectly, there was so much to see and the 'feel good factor' is off the scale, perfect for christmas. i think ron did a fab job turning this into a film, if you haven't seen it then do so, if you have, watch it again, i know you want to!

when the grinch came out i was excited though i thought it was going to be a happy go lucky film and it was. though it did have a little nightmare before christmas touch to it. you know kind of dark and spooky. i loved this film because it helped fill people with the christmas spirit. so mostly the grinch saved christmas. and what happened then well in whoville they say that the grinch's small heart grew three sizes that day. merry grinchmas!

jim carrey shines in this beautiful movie. this is now one of my favorite movies. i read all about the making and i thought it was incredible how the did it. i can't wait till this comes out on dvd. i saw this in theaters so many times, i can't even count how times i've seen it.

what can i say. oh yeah those freaking fingers are so weird. they scare the heck out of me. but it is such a funny film, jim carrey works the grinch. if you havent already seen it then what you waiting for an invitation. go, go and get watch it. you dont know what your missing.

jim carrey can do anything. i thought this was going to be some dumb childish movie, and it totally was not. it was so incredibly funny for everyone, adults & kids. i saw it once cause it was almost out of theatres, and now it's finally coming out on dvd this tuesday and i'm way to excited, as you can see. you should definitely see it if you haven't already, it was so great!liz

i already loved "how the grinch stole christmas" when it was released and i'm still loving it now, 5 years later. still lots of people seem to disagree with my opinion and this movie never really had received much love at the time it came out.sure, the movie is over-the-top and campy but that at the very same is also the reason why this movie is so charming and fun to watch. all of the sets, costumes and characters are done perfectly over-the-top in a fun way, without ever becoming truly ridicules. it's a visually spectacular movie to watch. it's a campy movie making at its very best! director ron howard really surprises with this fun little christmas movie.main reason why the movie works and why it's so much fun to watch is jim carrey as the grinch. he truly carries the movie with his good and fun role. he is of course helped by the convincing make-up, which also received an academy award. of course if you're a jim carrey hater you shouldn't even think about watching this movie. this movie is really his movie and he makes it all work and so much fun to watch. other fun and memorable roles are being played by jeffrey tambor, clint howard and josh ryan evans as the young grinch.the movie has a good morale but it is all a bit sappy to me. perhaps it's because i'm dutch and we don't really celebrate christmas that enthusiastic and big here, as in the united states or england. for me the movie was simply fun and entertaining and the morale just left me quite cold to be honest.the musical score by james horner is good and fun, even though it's your average every day horner stuff, it still all works perfectly for the movie and helps to make some of the scene's work.perfect christmas entertainment.8/10

i thought how the grinch stole christmas was a pretty good movie.it wasn't horrible, nor was it great, but it was enjoyable to watch.i felt as if jim carrey got a little annoying at times.they made the grinch seem like a special education person, when all he needed to be was evil and devious, but yet he turned out kind of retarded.i did think the scenery, when not inside the grinch's cave, was beautiful, and there was a few parts where i laughed, but most of the time i thought it was just annoying.this movie could've been "so" much better if they had changed the grinch's personality, and they had included some more laugh scenes, because most of the humor wasn't funny.i liked how the grinch stole christmas anyway, but it's not anything to get excited about seeing.

i found this a very entertaining small kids movie that actually is geared more for adults with a lot of jokes and humor only they would understand. a few things are inappropriate for the kiddies, but just a few. othewise, "the grinch" (jim carrey) cracks so many jokes you can't keep up with them all, ranging from sexual to cultural to insider-hollywood to racial.the film is very colorful and looks great on dvd. the little girl in here, "cindy lou who" (taylor momsen) is really cute and the costumes and hairdos of the little people in here are fun to view. anthony hopkins' voice is pleasing, too, so having his narrate this elevates the movie further. his rhymes are fun to hear.i saw this in the theater, though it was "fair," but on dvd, it was far better. i've seen in three times and it got better each time.

i love this movie, but can't get what is in this movie tht is not to like. people who don't like this movie must be richard roeper and roger ebert. but i can't believe that is mr. carrey behind all that makeup. and i am sure that most of the actors and actresses in the movie has made film before this. and there is a new face in the movie. taylor momsen who plays cindy lou who. as the opens, the grinch (jim carrey) comes out of hiding. and causes some mean fun to the whos in whoville. sicne we know that the whos love christmas. while the grinch does not like christmas. and even makes fun of little cindy lou who (taylor momsen) who is the daughter of the town's postmaster (bill irwin). the movie was directed by ron howard. and the narrtor's voice is done by anthony hopkins. and jeffrey tambor (muppets from space) is cast as the mayor of whoville. who doesn't like talking about the grinch close to christmas time.

if you went to this movie to see some huge academy award presentation...oh well..but if you wanted to see a funny delightful adaptation of an old classic, you will love it..jim carey was incredible as usual. the story line was great, a few parts added like the history of the grinch made it even better. ron howard never misses a beat..but although there were a few adult comments and cleavage added, this is supped to be a kids or family show. try not to lose sight of that ..if you do you really wont enjoy the movie...and as for the comments about ron howard, try to direct a major motion picture and see how you do..its not easy as it looks ...

why are the previews so blah for a movie that is so awesome!! everyone should know what an excellent movie this is. it is engaging and funny from moment one, original, and well-acted. i wish the movie was doing itself as good press as it deserves!for anyone that loved the princess bride, labyrinth, and other truly funny and original fantasy adventure, this is one of the great ones. robert deniro is hysterical. relative newcomer charlie cox is an incredible leading man. claire danes is fantastic as always. michelle pfiefer is making quite a splash with her recent returns to the screen. there are also a lot of wonderful moments from minor characters...even down to facial expressions.

i have just read the lead comment for this film that is on the front page with the voting results and cast run down.why is it that some people can not take a film for what it is supposed to be.this film is supposed to be a light hearted, tonge in cheek, family comedy, things to make the kids laugh and things for the adults, and that is exactly what this film does.i laughed my nuts off at this film, i thought carey put in a great performance and the whole film (if watched at christmas) really give you a bit of festive cheerso to all of you film reviewers stop trying to sound like film students and knock every film because it is not "taxi driver" or "the godfather" and take films for what they are supposed to be, entertainment!!

i have been eagerly anticipating the opening of this film for several months. being a huge jim carrey fan, i easily saw how he could morph himself into seuss' grinch and make the character his own. i was not disappointed. this movie was pure magic. carrey is a master at his trade and no one could have played this role to perfection as he did. there was plenty to enjoy for both adults and children alike and this movie is sure to become a timeless classic for all to enjoy in the years to come. i already have visions of my young daughter sitting down year after year to watch this remake on video, and i undoubtedly will watch with her and laugh as i did the first time i saw it.clearly, this movie has jim carrey written all over it, and i do not believe that it would have come together without him. however, the supporting cast was charming and entertaining in their own right, most notably the adorable taylor momsen who was the perfect foil for carrey's antics. the set design, musical score and costumes all lent their hands to a magical, fabulous finished product and i believe all involved can be proud. it is not an easy feat to turn a 22 minute cartoon classic into a full length live action film, but howard has succeeded with flying colours. for those critics who disagree, perhaps it is your hearts that are 2 sizes too small.

okay, this show is nothing but awesome! it has a great story line and plot and great actors and actresses. jeremy sumpter is so hott and he is perfect for the role! he is gunna be big in hollywood. he has a bright future ahead! this show better last a long time because i really love this show, and i hope that it has a lot of success! it is so interesting. i have been waiting for it to come out for about 6 or 7 months and it's finally here, and it's great! i tape it, too. i can watch it whenever i want now! too bad its only on once a week though. i wish it was on at least twice a week because now i wish that it was tuesday every day! hope you all like this show!~ashley~

to anyone who might think this show isn't for them, please give it a try. network television has degenerated into shows that are clones of clones or are reality based shows featuring some often unreal people. this show is a return to family oriented tv where the emphasis is on learning some life lessons, learning what real friends and family are about, and maybe even learning a little bit about our national pastime. jeremy sumpter is one of the most appealing young actors in show business today, and he is perfectly cast as the young, slightly naive new batboy for the fictional new york empires (great name!). dean cain, christopher lloyd, mare winningham, and kirsten storms round out the main cast, and they are all exceptional. this show deserves a chance to catch on and be seen. hopefully it will stick around for a few seasons and we can watch pete young (sumpter's character) learn and grow.

this is a good family show with a great cast of actors. it's a nice break from the reality show blitz of late. there is nothing else quite like it on television right now either, unless you count joan of arcadia as being similar because it has a teen lead character too. anyway, clubhouse is worth a look because jeremy sumpter gives the main character (pete young) a kind of likability and naiveté that is appealing without being overly sweet and cuddly. dean cain, christopher lloyd, mare winningham and kirsten storms round out the rest of the main cast members, and each is terrific in their role. i really like kirsten storms as pete's sister betsy; she is quite a pill, but she still cares about her mom and brother, even though she hates to show it. it may take a few episodes to really find it's legs, but clubhouse is easily one of the best shows to come along in a good long while, so check it out people--you'll be glad you did!

me and my sister saw the premiere last night... it was so good we were glued for the whole thing.. hahaha..i think i'm hooked for the season!!.... they have some really good actors in this thing.. the head coach guy and the player that likes pete were very good and the plot has already got me but i don't really understand how they'll keep it stretched for a whole season.. there will probably be some big twist tho..i cant wait till tuesday.. finally jeremy sumpter who is he? i can tell hes going to be big!! he was soo good we fell in love with his character right away.. cant wait for the next episode.. go jeremy!'aimee

this show has a few clichés and a few over the top, dawson's creek-like moments (a 16-year-old talking about way back when life made sense?), but overall it seems like a decent show. most of the characters seem very real, and the story seemed to move along well in the pilot - ending with a good lesson in the end. i just hope every episode doesn't turn out to be life-altering like the first, that would just be too much drama for this vehicle. jeremy sumpter does an excellent job as a teenager with a passion for baseball, i believe a lot of us could relate to his awe and sometimes tunnel vision for the team that he always wanted to a part of.

this is a really great short from hal roach. this is because of two main reasons: the littlest kids in the short are among the cutest to have ever been on film and the plot has so many funny and well-written elements.as for the littlest of the little rascals, i honestly can't think of a cuter kid than spanky at about age four. despite being a rather chubby and unattractive kid in later years, he was just precious here. and, placing the little tiny boy in charge of babysitting the even younger kids was not only funny, but once again high on the cute factor.after the older kids blackmail spanky into doing this awful babysitting job, all kinds of funny mayhem breaks loose. the gags are pretty effective and well-done for the time--with an accidental crank call involving a murder and a final scene where spanky finally gets control of the little ones being the most memorable. i haven't seen these shorts in many decades and i am glad i gave this one a chance.

this is one of the all-time great "our gang" shorts. spanky is at his very cutest and funniest, and the babies that he get's left to babysit are also hilarious. tiny spanky is coerced by the gang into watching all their little siblings. the opening shot of them all in baby carriages, being entertained by various things hung by the gang from fishing poles is a beautiful gag.spanky's appearance wearing his huge toy knife when asked to babysit by the older fellows is priceless, as is his response --"hey, where do you get that stuff -- i don't take care of no babies!" the tiny fellow saying "remarkable" throughout the film, all the beautiful sight gags, and spanky telling the babies "all about tarzan" add up to make this one of the best "our gang"'s you'll ever see.

an our gang comedy short.the gang coerces spanky into watching their younger siblings. caring for these forgotten babies turns out to be quite a chore, leaving the little nipper with no choice but to come up with some ingenious solutions to the baby-sitting problem...spanky is in his glory in this hilarious little film, arguably his best. highlight: spanky's retelling the plot of the tarzan movie he's recently seen to the audience of infants. movie mavens will recognize billy gilbert's voice in the radio drama.

i grew up watching scooby and have been a fan forever. this cartoon moves away from the same old routine that can get boring to viewers. the crooks in mask routine gets old and this cartoon is a change from that. it's not meant to replace the scooby gang it's just a break from the same old crime scene for both viewers and writers i'm sure. the cartoon's focus is on scooby and shaggy who inherits a large sum of money and use that money to thwart world conquest plans from a mad scientist and his goons. small homages of the gang and the gang themselves are featured from time to time. if you are a fan of scooby-doo you can still appreciate the bond between a boy and his talking dog, along with the jokes that come with it. just enjoythe cartoon and support the creators/writers and producers so that this won't be the last scooby cartoon.

i just can't believe some of the comments on this show! the show is just genius! sure it doesn't follow the tried and true, but do we as consumers always want the same things thrust at us over and over again. shouldn't we have the option to sit back and enjoy something new once in a while. the style is not as realistic as previous "scooby doo" shows, but it's not supposed to be. the show it titled "shaggy and scooby doo get a clue" what part of that title states that the entire beloved cast of other renditions would constantly join in the action. and nowhere does it say that they'd be solving mysteries, and they can't even stand monsters, so why would they? i'm actually glad that they put some long standing plot points that work into a scooby-doo show. they still have running jokes, clumsy hi-jinks, quick-change outfits in chase scenes, the standard hallway gag and even scooby snacks. in fact i'm glad that this show is out there, because i just love it. i'm even glad they got rid of the rest of the team for a while and concentrated on just two main characters and a villain.sure it's ridiculous, it's supposed to be! sure it's different, it's supposed to be. it's supposed to make you laugh at the villain, and cheer for the idiotic robotic butler to triumph over all intruding vermin, no matter what the size. you're supposed to get the running "roobi-roo" joke. the whole thing is just put together so well, there isn't a single thing i can think that is wrong with it. the writing, the acting, the animation, all top notch. the title music is awesome (my computer plays "get a clue!" when it boots up), and the background music is just gripping.

i actually really like what i've seen of this cartoon so far. sure, the animation isn't the best, but frankly, i'd rather see this type of more cartoony style done quickly and cheaply than the old type of style done quickly and cheaply (which was starting to happen more and more often--it's only a style that looks good when a lot of time and effort is put into it). there's nothing wrong with the angular lines and the little black-dot eyes--in fact, i think it's really cute. as a kid i never thought scooby-doo's design was particularly adorable, but i think i might like it better know.anyway, shaggy has always been my favorite character, and believe it or not, but i think he has the most potential for some depth. sure, the show doesn't center around the original "mystery-solving" theme, but that was just a tired old formula anyway. don't get me wrong--i'm sure there are writers out there who would be able to bring a lot more interest to mystery inc.'s traditional pursuits (which has been lacking as late), but in the mean time this show is a fun deviation from the standard. shaggy and scooby are still funny, but no longer only comic relief. they're still cowardly, but finally have the opportunity to use what seems to be (shock!) intelligence. they're the same old over-eating slackers as ever, but now actually seem to be getting on with their lives with the help of uncle albert's inheritance.i used to find most original scooby-doo jokes to be pure cheese and unintentionally hilarious at best, but this show actually exercises a capacity for real humor. also, i never really like casey kasem as shaggy anyway, so the new actor doesn't annoy me as much as he does other people. (i still think billy west was the best, though)overall, while not a great cartoon in the scope of all of cartoon history, still an achievement among other scooby incarnations.

like many here i grew up with scooby-doo. unlike many here who did, i love this show! i think that it has been very well done and thought through. everything about it marks it as a spin-off which isn't meant to be taken seriously. the formula is simple - it is a parody of other cartoons with a single bad guy trying to get the better of the good guy. by using the well known shaggy and scooby-doo characters it is much easier to engage the viewer with the parody humour from the outset of each 30 minute episode.there have always been scooby-doo spin-offs which have annoyed fans. the classic being the scooby-shaggy-scrappy shorts from the 80's. these spin-offs had their place: they allowed new content to be sold, created new fans, and kept scooby-doo merchandise on the shelves. i would agree that "shaggy & scooby-doo: get a clue!" doesn't fit in with this traditional role but it is probably what i had always wanted the scooby-shaggy-scrappy shorts to be: an action packed show which focuses on the best/funniest scooby-doo characters! good features of the show: the animation, the voices, the attention to detail, the bad-guys, the "best friend" relationship between shaggy and scooby-doo, the constant humour! bad features: none, although the revamped mystery machine is pretty close at times.well done warner bros. animation! one of the cleverest cartoons in a long time!

my baby sitter was a fan so i saw many of the older episodes while growing up. i'm not a fan of scooby doo so i'm not sure why i left the tv on when this show premiered. to my surprise i found it enjoyable. to me shaggy and scooby were the only interesting characters *dodges tomatoes from fans of the others* so i like that they only focus on those two. however, this may cause fans of the original shows to hate it. i like the voice acting, especially dr. phinius phibes. i liked listening to him even before i knew he was jeff bennett. and jim meskimen as robi sounds to me like he's really enjoying his job as an actor. i also get a kick out of the techies with their slightly autistic personalities and their desires to play dungeons and dragons or act out scenes from star wars (not called by those names in the show, of course).

i was forced to see this because a) i have an 11 year-old girl and b) we had shown her the bonita granville nacy drew movies from the 1930s, which she thoroughly enjoyed. personally, i didn't think it was as humorous as the 1930s flicks, but on the other hand, it wasn't the nauseating piece of intelligence-insulting fluff i feared it would be. it was an inoffensive, mildly entertaining movie. although i'm pleased that they didn't try to "upgrade" nancy to 21st century "hipness" (veronica mars holds the title as the modern nancy drew), i do think that they made her a little too bland, that they didn't do enough to develop nancy drew - the movie could have been titled "jane doe, girl detective". i have to blame the script: i think each actor did a good job with what they had to work with. i liked emma roberts in this role, but they gave her a made-for-tv, not theatrical release, script...

i last read a nancy drew book about 20 years ago, so much of my memory of the fictional character is probably faulty. from what i gathered, the books were introduced to me at an era when teenage sleuths were popular to children growing up at the time (for my case, the 80s and early 90s), with hardy boys, famous five, and of course, "carolyn keene"'s nancy drew amongst the more famous ones. i still remember those hardcover books with very dated cover illustrations, usually quite heavy (for a kid) to lug around, and the thickness of the book perhaps attributed to the fact that the words are printed in large fonts.well, the character has been given some updates along the way, as i recall my sister's subsequent nancy drew books becoming less thick, of softcover, with updated and a more chic nancy illustrated on the cover. i can't remember if those stories were the same as the old hardcover ones, but i guess these books, being ghostwritten, have their fair share of updating itself for the times.in this warner brothers release of nancy drew, the character no doubt gets its update to suit the times, but somehow the writers andrew fleming and tiffany paulsen maintained her 50s- ish small town sensibilities, thereby retaining some charm and flavour that erm, folks like me, would appreciate. her fashion sense, her prim and properness, even some quirky little behaviour traits that makes her, well, nancy drew.her family background remains more or less the same, living with her single parent father carson drew (tate donovan), who is moving his daughter and himself to the big city for a better job opportunity, and to wean his daughter off sleuthing in the town of river heights. mom is but a distant memory, and the housemaid makes a cameo. but what made nancy drew work, is the casting of emma roberts in the lead role. niece of her famous aunt julia, she too possess that sprightly demeanour, that unmistakable red hair and that megawatt smile. her nancy drew, while in the beginning does seem to rub you the wrong way, actually will grow on you. and in almost what i thought could be a discarded scene from pretty woman, it had the characters walk into a classy shop with almost opposite reactions.while dad carson drew tries hard to bring nancy out of her sleuthing environment and to assimilate into normal teenage life, trust nancy to find themselves living in a house whose owner, a hollywood type has been, was found murdered under suspicious circumstances. mystery solving is her comfort food when she finds herself an outcast of the local fraternity, and not before long we're whisked off along with her on her big screen adventure.there's nothing too black dahlia about the crime and mystery, and instead it's a pretty straightforward piece for nancy to solve, in between befriending corky (josh flitter) a chubby friend from school, and pacifying jealous boyfriend ned (max thieriot), while hiding the truth of her extra curriculum activities from her dad. the story's laced with cheesy fun and an oldie sentimentality which charms, and together, it becomes somewhat scooby-doo like. with minimal violence and no big bag gunfights or explosions, this is seriously a genre which is labelled clearly with "chick flick" alert.i guess the movie will generate a new generation of fans, rekindle the memories of old ones, and probably, just probably, might spark a new fashion trend of sporting penny loafers.

i really liked this movie...it was cute. i enjoyed it, but if you didn't, that is your fault. emma roberts played a good nancy drew, even though she isn't quite like the books. the old fashion outfits are weird when you see them in modern times, but she looks good on them. to me, the rich girls didn't have outfits that made them look rich. i mean, it looks like they got all the clothes -blindfolded- at a garage sale and just decided to put it on all together. all of the outfits were tacky, especially when they wore the penny loafers with their regular outfits. i do not want to make the movie look bad, because it definitely wasn't! just go to the theater and watch it!!! you will enjoy it!

i think part of the reason this movie was made...and is aimed at us gamers who actually play all the nancy drew pc games. there's been a lot of movies lately based on video games, and i think this in one of them.so this movie does not follow any book. but it does follow parts of the games. i buy and play every nancy drew games as soon as it comes out. and the games are from herinteractive and are for "girls who aren't afraid of a mouse!" and some of these games actually won parents' choice gold awards. they are not only fun but you can actually learn a thing or two while playing.i took two of my step children with me to go see it and they loved it! the 10 yr. old had started playing her first nancy drew game a day before i took her to see the movie, and she was having so much fun playing the game i thought she would enjoy the movie as well. and i was right...she not only loved this movie but couldn't wait to get home to finish her first game and start another one.my other step daughter is only 7 and she also loved the movie but she is still a little to young too play the games yet, but she enjoys watching her sister play at times just to see what's going on.the games are based for children 10 yrs and older. all the games usually get pretty descent reviews and are classified as adventure games. for more information on the games just check out herinterative nancy drew games. so personally i thought the movie was pretty good and i will buy it when it comes out on dvd.

i have to say that this was not very exciting but talk about fashion and weird ways to solve a mystery. a little too simple, nancy drew (emma roberts) uses imdb... that's fantastic! i really liked about that part of the movie...corky (josh flitter) is however extremely hilarious... and ned nickerson (max thieriot) seemed really hopeless... he should have been more angry with her for how she has treated him...alright, this movie is tour and fashion in disguise. anyhow, i recommend this movie, just for summer fun. encore nancy, just for fun. more teen spy movies by emma roberts.. spymate... remember? she's becoming good at this tricky detective work.

i had heard this movie was good from a lot of my friends that saw it, and they all said it was amazing, so i had very high expectations- and nancy drew exceeded those high expectations! it had funny parts, it kept me entertained with the action and all the dudes trying to kill her, and emma roberts was amazing as nancy drew. the rest of the cast was very good, also. i would definitely recommend this movie!! nancy: "i wonder why those guys were trying to kill us?!" corky: "yeah, i was wondering that too. actually, it's kinda creeping me out!"nancy: "i hate when people try to kill me. it's so rude!"~nancy drew

this was a great movie! even though there was only about 15 people including myself there it was great! my friend and i laughed a lot. my mom even enjoyed it. there was two middle aged women there and a mid 20 year old there and they seemed to enjoy it. i love the part where corky and ned are like both liking nancy and stuff its cute lol. and when she gets her roadster and ned is there. yeah this was a great movie even thought people underestimated it lol. go see it i bet you'll enjoy it!! i really enjoyed it and so did my friend. people were so tough on this movie and they hadn't even seen it. i bet next time they will give the movie and actresses a chance. they all did a great job in my opinion. but if you have young kids its still appropriate. i will probably take my 7 year old niece to watch it too.

let's face it; nancy drew was never great literature. it is in the same category as babysitter club, magic tree house, goosebumps, abc mysteries. in fact, it was one of the original formula stories. nancy is perfect, pretty, thoughtful, "nice", has no internal conflicts ever! and never changes. ned is pretty much the same. the movie was true to that style and i have to say, i liked it. it will never be a great movie, but it had a that same nostalgic flavor that the books held. it had just the right amount of suspense for my children (8 and 10.) there was almost no offensive language. i liked the push for more conservative dress.corky was a bit of an annoyance. he was a little out of place on a high school campus. i never quite got why he was there in the first place.

the kids i took to this movie loved it (four children, ages 9 to 12 years; they would have given it 10 stars). emma roberts was adorable in the title role. (expect to see more of this next-generation roberts in the future.) after being over exposed to the likes of britney spears, lindsay lohan, and paris hilton, it was refreshing to see a girl who didn't look like she worked the streets. also enjoyed seeing a supporting cast that included tate donovan, rachel leigh cook, barry bostwick, and monica parker (with a cameo by bruce willis). final takeaway: cute film.(note: i did not read the book series, so my comments are based on the merits of the film alone.)

i really enjoyed this movie. it succeeded in doing something that few movies do now; it provided family values while entertaining me. nancy drew is a heroine for all generations and a role model for young girls to look up to. the little girls i was with throughly enjoyed the movie and kept talking about nancy as we walked out of the theater. the movie has relatively few problems for families and i don't think parents will get bored sitting in the theater. no, it won't win an oscar and it did not showcase magnificent special effects or even provide a horribly spooky mystery, but it entertained me and it stood true to the the spirit of the books. i would definitely recommend this movie to anybody with a young girl (she will love it!) or any fan of the books. you will not be disappointed.

if my expectations weren't exceeded, they were certainly met. "nancy drew" works both as a mystery and a comedy. it pays homage to the books it was based on and spoofs them at the same time. the movie starts with a close-up on a book shelf and an animated credit sequence resembling illustrations from the books. it then begins lampooning the books immediately. writer/director andrew fleming seems to realize the idea of a teenage girl regularly breaking up crime rings in a small town is ridiculous, so he doesn't treat the idea religiously. he pokes fun at nancy drew's ability to do anything, such as ace every class in school, know which baked treat is perfect for converting any enemy to her side, make a bird house with twelve flying buttresses, and even perform an emergency tracheotomy at a party. nancy'd always be in perfect style, if she were living in the wholesome 1950's instead of present day l.a. and she carries around a "sleuth kit" complete with fingerprinting dust, flashlight, compass, and magnifying glass. preposterous, of course, but i seem to remember the hardy boys' access at any given moment to csi equipment being a little too convenient as well. and if the perky pipsqueak private eye is a little younger than her literary counterpart, it's just more comedic exaggeration on the movie's part.the mystery of the movie is handled more seriously. nancy and her lawyer father move from their small town to los angeles, where nancy digs into a cold case involving the murder of a hollywood movie star who lived in her new house decades ago. nancy searches for clues in some pretty practical ways, such as surfing websites like google and this one and watching old videotapes of the victim's movies. when she does something more out of the ordinary, you have to admire the girl's resourcefulness. emma roberts, an undeniably cute kid, plays the pint-sized amateur sleuth beautifully. she makes the too-perfect girl completely lovable, if not completely realistic. tate donovan is also great as the too-perfect girl's father, carson drew. he's an ideal father figure without being unrealistically perfect, and he shows reasonable concern for his daughter as she gets into danger. less likable is max thierot's take on ned nickerson, nancy's boyfriend. i much preferred george o'hanlon jr.'s portrayal in the 1970's tv series starring pamela sue martin as nancy drew, in which ned was a gawky, awkward kid with a little crush on nancy. the character of corky (josh flitty), a twelve-year old with a crush on nancy, is much less annoying than max thierot's ned. amy bruckner and kay panabaker seem appropriately cast as nancy's gal pals bess and george, but they only make brief cameos at the beginning of the film.speaking of cameos, chris kattan (snl), eddie jemison ("ocean's 13"), and bruce willis all make surprise guest appearances, which just proves you never can guess which movie bruce willis will pop up in next.the movie does fail to live up to some potential. it's mentioned early on that the drews' new house is heavily booby-trapped, but nancy and her father are done with tripping over booby traps a few minutes after that. also, nancy describes the cold case she's about to investigate as a murder taking place at an extravagant party, which should yield plenty of potential murderers, but she only encounter a handful of suspects. and while there's some moments of real suspense during nancy's adventures, the solution to the case comes out of nowhere, and in the end all possible plot threads are tied up too conveniently and who-cares-who-done-it. ralph sall's score adds to the movie's suspense, but the contemporary teenybopper songs woven into the soundtrack are lame. still, i really enjoyed this film, and while the movie is aimed primarily at tween girls, people of any age and gender can enjoy it.

to be honest, i had to go see this movie backwards, didn't expect that much, but hey, i was not deceived, i had a good time.i would say this movie is way a fresh breeze, despite some facts that they tried to modernize nancy drew, but this made me remember these youth movies of the 60-70s from europe and quebec, where they manage to have children getting interacting with adults. in this case, a 16 year-old teenager tries to do justice by trying to solve a mystery concerning the death of an actress who died 25 years ago. anyway, as her dad had business in hollywood, why not rent a home with a mystery behind doors ? well, at least emma roberts does a great job here. kinda like the chubby kid, who at first is naively brought to support his sister's pranks to nancy, but at the end, found nancy quite cool enough to stick with her, even with her matters...rest of the supporting cast is great, and was happy to see rachael leigh cook in a different role this time: a single mother (she did it in family rescue, but this time, she plays a mature woman...) anyway, don't dump this, it is fun !

as a grownup in my mid-40s, i am not even close to any of "nancy drew"'s key demographics, but i was pleasantly surprised by the film this afternoon; so, i could tell, were the pair of sixtyish silver-haired ladies down the row from me. the older man who left the theater just ahead of me specifically praised the film to the 20-ish female usher (who said she'd seen the film the previous evening and quite liked it).more to the point, however: in the row just ahead of me, there were nine -- count them, nine -- ten-year-old girls lined up next to each other, passing popcorn and hot dogs and candy back and forth and giggling through the previews.once the film began, they promptly settled down to watch........and didn't so much as peep till the closing credits began to roll.this is not a perfect film; it doesn't quite pay off its high school subplots, it's not quite confident enough of its own tone, and its thugs are just a hair too far over toward critically inept at times. but the adaptation of the source material is essentially respectful, the plot hangs together fairly well, and it treads deftly between the sins of excessive cheesiness and excessive modernization. last but not least, emma roberts carries the movie with startling grace -- josh flitter's superb timing notwithstanding, this is roberts' movie, and she pulls it off beautifully. her nancy drew is very much the direct ancestor of kristen bell's veronica mars, and the film is also a lineal descendant of jodie foster's early and underrated "candleshoe".in today's marketplace, it's a rarity: a family movie that respects its viewers' intelligence. as such, it won't be to everyone's taste -- but for what it is, it is the best movie of its kind in decades.

although well past the target audience, i've always had a soft spot for ya fiction, so, i was naturally intrigued by the return of nancy drew to the screen.this is not a bad film. the central mystery involving a long dead actress is presented in straightforward simplistic terms with dashes of jeopardy for the young sleuth. nancy and her friends never take the threats seriously, so young audience members will not be upset.what i really appreciated from the story was the final results were rather serious and meaningful and nancy seemed to understand and grow from the experience.emma roberts is great as nancy drew and hopefully we'll see her again in another mystery.

i read all of nancy drew as a preteen and collect the books as a grown-up. i loved the effect used at the end (and a little bit at the beginning) of the movie where line drawings in the style of the books morphed into scenes from the movie. it was a neat way of pointing out connections between situations in the movie and the books. for example, the scenes with the oriental antiques dealer were very reminiscent of many scenarios i remember from the books. i thought ned was perfectly cast, and emma roberts was a wonderful 21st century interpretation of nancy drew. (just like the picture of betty crocker, she keeps up with the times!)

i really liked this movie! even though it wasn't anything like any of the books it still the that classic nancy drew style. i had been seeing a lot of advertisements for this movie and since i was really into the nancy drew books i had really high expectations for this movie and they most definitely met those expectations. pretty much all of the characters were exactly how i pictured them from reading the books. i am really happy that i saw this movie. all of the actors and actresses really acted like they acted like in the book series. ever since i saw this movie i have wanted to read every single nancy drew book there is out there. all of the actors and actresses really got into their characters and it definitely showed when the aired this movie on the big screen. it definitely seemed like all of the actors and actresses were really in the positions that the characters were in i most definitely give this movie a 10 out of 10.

i really enjoyed this movie. most of the reviews have been bad, but most critics think a movie should be like an idea drama. this movie has a little bit of drama, but the rest is just clean fun and very entertaining. forget about julia roberts being a pretty woman, emma roberts is a beautiful young lady and there is more to her than just that. emma was so much fun to watch in the role of nancy drew. it is good to see a new face. i believe she will go far.nancy drew may not be based upon the books, but the story is still good. there is also a good blend of other character actors and supporting actors like pat carroll, barry bostwick, rachel leigh cook and chris kattan - not credited. i'm surprised disney did not release this movie. some people may not like this movie because it does not contain sex, violence, and cursing. this is a good family film which is rare in this day in time. so take your family, see this movie and judge for your self how good it is. i can't wait for the sequel.

i'm probably one of the biggest nancy drew fans out there. i've read every book three times over and i've played a lot of the nancy drew games. i loved this movie. it kept you entertained the whole time you watched it. i went with about 10 of my friends and everyone loved it. there were three woman sitting behind us who appeared to be in their late 30's to early 40's and i asked them how they liked it, they said they loved it! so you see it will be an entertainment to all ages. you just have to give it a chance. and it teaches a lesson too, just be yourself even if everyone around you is exactly alike. so overall, this move was great. i'm going to see it a second time now! so stop bashing it please. its a really good movie!

i took my 10-year-old daughter to see nancy drew over the weekend and found myself thoroughly entertained. first off, it was clean, and i mean by my standards. the majority of kids' movies today are full of crude toilet humor and gross-out jokes to elicit cheap laughter from the pre-teen crowd. nancy drew is smarter than that, however, and the humor is subtle and clever.the title role is played with a refreshing vivaciousness by emma roberts, who is perky and polite without ever becoming annoying. unlike the brady bunch movie, where the anachronistic characters are jeered and ridiculed, nancy's style is treated with respect and dignity. it's a great moment when the la "style-conscious" girls with their paris hilton streetwalker attire are dismissed by the boutique owner, while nancy, in her penny loafers and homemade butterick pattern dress, is embraced. this movie shuns the we-need-to-enlighten-this-wholesome-girl tack so many hollywood movies take. nancy remains true to herself and her values throughout.the mystery is just tense enough at times to be engaging. there were several suspenseful moments where my daughter nervously grabbed my arm, but there were no gratuitous shock scenes. it's all based on tension and mood and is a lot of fun. the supporting cast is good, particularly marshall bell as the creepy caretaker. there are some great cameos by eddie jemison, chris kattan and bruce willis and many moments that will make adults smile.this film deserves better ratings than some have given it. not only was i glad not to be dragged to yet another computer animated film where talking animals burp and pass gas all over the place, but i was also very entertained. had i been there without a child, i still would've enjoyed the movie. this is one dvd that will have my daughter's name on it under the christmas tree.

this is one great movie! i have played all the nancy drew games and have read the books, and i never expected the movie to be so exciting and funny! if you never heard of nancy drew, read the first book (secret of the old clock) so you can kinda' get used to nancy, then you can watch the movie, because in the movie, they don't really introduce the characters' names fast. ;) my whole family enjoyed it and the plot was extremely interesting. this is an ultimate come-back from the previous nancy drew movies, which the nancy drew actor didn't seem to match. this movie is much like alex rider: stormbreaker. it's so cool! nancy drew lovers, you must watch this!

taking old collection of stories poses a challenge for the production team, how can this classic character be brought up to date and make it interesting enough to capture a new audience while stirring memories from her former audience. in my opinion, their mission was accomplished. a must see for young children, pre-teens, teens, and their parents. ok there are a couple scary moments that are resolved in short order, but parents with young children should sit tight, the movie moves on to better things. i am going to go with those astute user reviewers who point out that emma roberts provides us with a positive role model for young women, not syrupy about it either. nancy balances her femininity with career minded sleuthing skills. a lot to like in here, laughs, doesn't take itself too seriously, a real mystery to solve (one you can figure out yourself as an added bonus, and likable characters. nancy drew even makes a good date movie in my opinion.

look, if i were interested in a nancy drew book, what i would do is pick up a book and read it. i'm not. ever since i can remember i read people trashing movies because it wasn't like the book. i'm sorry - in the digital age we can no longer watch movies on flip books, however i'm sure you can still find a few short silent films in book form. when lord of the rings came out, people complained. when the third one won an oscar - "the book was better." when i watched to kill a mockingbird, "the book was better." now a bunch of people are upset, yet again, because nancy drew wasn't like the book. i'm not saying nancy drew is going to win any oscars - if anything it'll be one of those nickelodeon blimps or kids choice awards. i'm saying give film a break. it's film, not paper. as a movie, i found nancy drew quite enjoyable - featuring cameos from bruce willis and adam goldberg (the hebrew hammer) and supporting roles featuring tate donovan (jimmy cooper on the o.c.) and rachel leigh cook (she's all that). this is the first time i've seen emma roberts in a movie and, frankly, i enjoy her work more than most of julia and of eric's; her character stays consistent throughout the film and reacts well with conflict. a lighthearted movie in the spirit of harriet the spy is nice now and again.i give it ten stars because i thoroughly enjoyed the movie, would love to see it again, and will probably buy it upon dvd release.

i came to nancy drew expecting the worst...because of everyone else's bad reviews. i thought: even though i don't read the books, that doesn't look anything like the nancy drew i've heard of. but i was wrong. sure, it wasn't a carbon copy of the books, but when you make a movie out of something, you have to modify it to become big-screen entertainment. the plot was enjoyable and thrilling with a lot of actual scares and i thought that emma roberts was really believable in her own way of portraying this classic character. there were several funny moments and on the contrary of many statements, at no point in this film does nancy come off as a ditz. she was intelligent, conservative, polite and genuine. one thing this movie also did well was balance the whole thing out with a mix of comedy, romance, suspense and heartfelt moments. i loved this movie. what a flick, what a flick! and if you are wise and decide to trust me and go see this, be prepared for some scary as heck moments because i was, like, freaking out! go see it or be a bum-bum and just let other people decide what you think of this movie for you...a mistake i almost made. i love it, i wanna own this movie! i love emma roberts now, too. she's like a mini-bree van de kamp from dh. love it, love it.

usually i don't really like emma roberts so much, but after watching nancy drew it kind of changed my mind. the actors in the movies made the whole thing exciting and funny. most of the time when you watch a mystery movie you can solve it before the middle of the show, but in this movie it's like you are actually there. the clues have to all fit together until you can finally understand the whole crime. i am still amazed how she found it out. the whole movie was really clever and the people who watched it with me loved the movie too. the clothes were my favorite part of the movie, it was so cute. i don't think there will be another movie like this until the sequel comes out. i give it a nine because the popular girls didn't really seem to have the part just right, but they still make me laugh. it was a really great movie and a great mystery. i definitely recommend watching it.

it's a refreshing breath of air when a movie actually gives you a story line with a beginning, a middle, and a end, a nice, clever mystery, with an appealing heroine for all ages, who wins us over with her wit and charm. andrew fleming's film is indeed a modern marvel, a comeback to the good old reliable storytelling that was the norm in hollywood. he puts away the over-reliance on special effects that now passes for entertainment and gives us a terrific film, with a very capable young actress, and a talented supporting cast.the film is based on the old books, but it has been given updated enough to put in this century; however, the props might be different, the heart still is a good mystery, and there is clever one here, one that ties the traditions of the old and the nuances of contemporary youth. emma roberts is an old fashioned girl, who believes in good behavior and respect for others; details that are sorely missing from today's films. she is still good enough to get boys' attentions but she also knows how present poise and self respect. she earns her medals by working hard and is not afraid to show a little guile when it is needed to achieve her goals.while taking a vacation to california, our heroine is drawn into the mystery of a hollywood actress who was the victim of foul play; suddenly she is "visited" by her ghost and this sets off a series of events that might solve the mystery or result in something dreadful for herself. what makes the movie quite entertaining is the little details, as she discovers that her customary world is nothing compared to the california scene, and this is well presented, without resorting to unnecessary vulgar language or anything graphic or overtly sexual. eventually, the director has enough control to make it all very palatable to all types of audiences, from the young ones to the adults in the audience. it is a movie that deserves to be seen, appreciated, and enjoyed, a film that is rare and delicate, and it's not afraid to be classified as fun! five stars

ok heres what i say: the movie was excellent. i am a huge nancy fan and i have read all 1-56 original books and i went on to read more. i am now on 96. beware of villains giving this movie a lower grade than it should have. all clues point to a wonderful movie! i loved the whole thing. so what nancy is in current time. she is still old fashioned like she is in the books! people who haven't read more than 5 books are complaining about the view of nancy. i have read all of them and i think emma is perfect and that nancy was perfect. i found parts of the movie spooky. i loved the exciting car chases and get aways. i loved the clues. i solved the mystery myself! it was really wonderful. i suggest you go see it since people who have been complaining know nothing of a what a good movie is and b about nancy drew. go see it. it may not be oscar worthy but its really a good movie.

i have read over 100 of the nancy drew books, and if you are not bright enough to catch on yet, nancy drew the movie was of a younger nancy drew, not the 18-year-old that doesn't go to school that all of the books are about. this was when she was sixteen. so naturally, she would of not as been as smart as the one in the book considering she is only in the 10th grade. other than that, i thought the movie was very cute. it was clean and appropriate for everyone. it was funny at times. i thought emma roberts did a great job. she was articulate, in character, and cute. i liked the awkwardness that nancy and ned had around each other because they obviously were not old enough to be in a serious relationship like they have in the books. it was a cute, pg movie that i throughly enjoyed because i, unlike most people my age, enjoy movies without sex, drugs, or profanity.

i really enjoyed this movie. i am a single dad with a 17 year old daughter who is smart, athletic and talented. i wish my girl applied herself so well to solving crimes and helping others! so for me, perhaps this is pg level fantasyland. i read many nancy drew books in my teen years, long, long ago. sure this character was ably played by emma roberts but did not resemble the nancy drew i recall from the books. that is due to script, not the acting.emma is an adorable teen, playing a self-confident, industrious and proud character with good manners and good taste. she is not caught up in the trendy competitiveness around her. there are some weaknesses in the plot, aside from not resembling the nancy drew of the books, and trying to figure out what decade we're in. (like, what is that car, anyway?) i read the imdb overview before seeing the film, as i was researching rachael leigh cook from other movies. this is not one of her best roles, but i will continue looking for more of her films. rachael was too old to play this lead, but does a fine job as the grown-up orphan central to the mystery.i am very disappointed in other reviews written here. some expect perfect connection with the books, some expect more credible situations or adult action film. i got what i expected! good entertainment well targeted to young teen girls, and their fathers who want good kids with high standards of conduct and achievement. this is a teen pg movie, not james bond! which would you want for a role model for your teenaged daughter?

i'm a 53 year-old college professor. i went with my wife and 12 year old daughter. we all enjoyed the movie. the film is original, witty, fast-paced and totally charming. the plot was easy enough for a 10 year old to follow, but twisty enough to keep an adult interested. i thought emma roberts did a superb job and the rest of the cast was just fine. my only criticism is that the los angeles sets were not as interesting as they should have been. they were functional, but nothing stood out. on the other hand, make-up, costume, lighting, cinematography, editing and directing were excellent. altogether, i thought it was a totally enjoyable experience. i am disappointed that the professional critics (almost all adult males) savagely attacked the film. apparently, they have something against films that portray strong, intelligent and independent young women. their writings reveal more about their own sexist natures than anything about this wonderful family film. i recommend it strongly to every child and every parent.

i disagree with previous comment about this movie. i think it was cute and fun and it carried a good message for young girls like my daughter. you don't have to dress like a cheap hooker to be cool. you can be smart and pretty and classy all at once.i think the cast was good and the story was fine for the target audience. all-in-all my wife, daughter (10) and i each thought it was a good movie. i certainly recommend it. it also has encouraged my daughter to start reading the original nancy drew mysteries which i am sure she will love much as i loved the hardy boys. it was a struggle to get her to sleep tonight because she wanted to start reading right away. i can't think of a better outcome for that movie than rekindling interest in that classic series.

melissa joan hart shines! this show is amazing!! there is no match. except for maybe melissa in clarissa explains it all. she was marvelous in that, too. this is so much better than buffy, the vampire slayer. this show is wonderful!

it is finally coming out. the first season will be available march 2007. it is currently airing on abc family from 4-5 pm eastern time monday through friday. the last episode will air on december 19th at 4:30. i missed it the first 100 times around. i wish i could buy the whole series right now. who does she pick? i have to write 10 lines in order to reply to the first comment. what am i going to say. la da da de de. la da da de de nope only up to 8 how do i get to 9 almost almost awww 9 now i need 10 - 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, i missed counted this is only number 8. punky brewster is pretty awesome too. almost to 10 almost awwwwww.

oh my gosh i live in kentucky and when mellisa joan hart came to louisville she went right through my neighborhood and waved at me i am filthy rich so she wanted to look at my neighborhood oh and i love being rich any ways she came for the derby back to my interest in the show...... that show makes you want to point your finger at something and make it disappear i mean it is just so creative and i love it i would love to be on that show....... that show is just amazing i mean who ever came up with that show i want to just give them a big kiss i mean it makes me feel better when i'm sick and makes me happy when i'm mad i mean if someone tells me they don't like it i will talk some sense in to you ok ok

when i first started watching these it became one of my favourite shows. melissa joan hart is very funny and talented so were the aunts and the other characters and the star of of the show salem the cat, he was immensely funny. the first few season in my opinion were the best where sabrina was a teenager in high school adapting to witch life. they were most funniest, most entertaining and most um... good. i'm not a fan of when they started introducing brad and dreamer cause i quite liked valerie, but they were okay the problem was they were only in it for one season. if you're gonna have new people at least keep them. i didn't like josh he was a tw*t, i preferred harvey but then he disappeared. and they got rid of libby! it would have been awesome if thy had been bickering in theses seven years. and mr. craft as well, if him and zelda got married that would have been gold! then sabrina moves out of her aunts house and into roxie/miles/morgan's house. i didn't like theses people either, it didn't really seem they liked sabrina. sabrina seemed to lose her charm and stuff and the aunts seem to be shunned out of her life and into they're own stupid story lines. i kind of stopped watching it for a while and the old re-runs were back and i was like whoo-hoo! lol. i must say the last few seasons were absolutely terrible.they got rid of the aunts which sucked cause they were a big part of the show. then suddenly she lets those two freeloaders move in to the nice house when they treated he like dirt. and now she's working at some magazine shop so they're putting loads celebrity guest stars into the show, if they're in every episode it kind of ruins it. the programme just really went downhill and lost its luster. i saw the last episode. it had the aunts in it (zelda was reduced to a candle) and she's about to get married but she runs off with harvey the end. i would have liked to know what happened after. well thats my review and the only thing i can say is the only thing that stayed it's appealing self through the seven years was salem the cat.

i remember first watching sabrina when it came to tv in the uk on itv1 when i was 13/14. i'm now 24 and still love it now as much as i did when i first watched it. i get a little stick from some of my friends for still watching a "kids show" but i don't care! lol caroline rhea as "hilda" is my personal favourite character and later on morgan also became another of my favourite characters. i remember spending so much time watching various special events honouring sabrina on the tv station nickeleoden uk. i love mellissa joan-hart, she was great in "clarrissa explains all" but so much better in this. i was gutted when they decided to finish it! i hope it will soon be released on dvd here in the uk - i'll be first in line! lol x

i used to love sabrina the teenage witch and have seen every single episode. i remember when i used to sit at 6pm every night and wait for it to come on nickelodeon, however when sabrina left high school the show began to go downhill. the best series has to be when she was friends with valerie (i'm not sure which one that is). from there the next series (friends with dreama) was still really good, but when she left high school it just didn't seem right. all the main characters seemed to have left, which meant that it didn't have as much of the old "sparkle", however the first series where sabrina is in college is still relatively good and watchable, however when her aunt's leave and sabrina moves into their house it just isn't right. she is no longer a teenager, so therefore the name of the show isn't right and without hilda and zelda and josh the show just doesn't seem right, especially when sabrina nearly marries someone that isn't harvey. thank goodness he came through in the last five minutes of the last episode to take her away. all in all i still love to watch the old episodes of sabrina the teenage witch, but i think the writers took it too far and should have left it with sabrina leaving high school. because after that the show definitely lost some of it's magic

when sabrina first came onto our screens i was about 12, and therefore spent my teenage years watching the teenage witch get into all kinds of weird predicaments.it was always one of my favourite programmes, the witchy feeling of sixties sitcom 'bewitched' but this time the character was cooler. i always liked sabrina because she was smart. she was also friendly and easy going which made her enjoyable to watch. the characters at the beginning were great; harvey, jenny, libby, the quizmaster, salem and mr. poole (my personal fave, shame he left so early on) hilda and zelda her aunts started off ok, but then became irritating.i liked mr. kraft too as he was always that little bit closer to discovering sabrina's secret. what i loved about the first three series was the original ideas, the discovering of the family secret and learning new spells but as it went on it became more predictable. too many characters came and left, such as valerie, dreama and brad and then they decided to do sabrina at college which ruined it for me.sabrina became self-absorbed at college, there was less magic, no spell book, no aunts living with her and roxie, miles and morgan were annoying.the last series was boring, and i only watched to see what happened in the end. not having hilda and zelda seemed wrong somehow and miles was gone just like that. the last episode made me feel a lot better though (spoiler)having sabrina end up with harvey on her wedding day to dullard aaron was great! overall a great programme if you forget the poor last two or three series which reminded me of so many teen shows. magical.

the sitcom revolved around a girl who must learn to be responsible for her own actions. as she had the power of magic, she often used it to try to help her loved ones or herself, frequently resulting in literal puns that are often disastrous and always humorous.the program began with sabrina's adventures in high school in the fictional town of westbridge, located near boston, massachusetts (as opposed to greendale in the comics). in the series' later seasons, sabrina graduated from high school and enrolled in college, then moved on to her attempts to live on her own and keep a job at the local newspaper. breaking further from its comic roots, the show ended with sabrina's wedding, although, in the end, she abandoned the wedding and ran off with harvey.many episodes involve sabrina getting to meet, through natural or supernatural means, popular real-life musical artists of the time, including coolio, the violent femmes, the backstreet boys, phantom planet, davy jones of the monkees, britney spears, avril lavigne, daniel bedingfield, hanson, eden's crush, savage garden, 'n sync, and ashanti. course of nature, the band of melissa joan hart's then-boyfriend (now husband) mark wilkerson, appeared in an episode in 2002.

i really liked the first 2 seasons. because a lot of good characters disappeared later on. like most shows are kinda slow at first then get better in later seasons, but this is the absolute reverse. jenny from the 1st season and valarie from the 2nd season were sabrina's friends, i really didn't care for the others, jenny and valarie were her coolest friends. i think for some reason, the producers wanted us to not like her college friends for some reason, they were so cruel to sabrina. but my favorite episode from season 1 is cat showdown and my favorite episode from season 2 is witch trash, that is the funniest episode. i also thought it was funny how libby was popular but she was always jealous of sabrina, and never seemed to have a real boyfriend but was always wanting to be with harvey. i just wished they could have made more better ones. i also liked how the first 2 seasons, during the opening credits sabrina would say a few words while wearing a costume, like in the pilot episode where she's in the witch costume, i liked how she said "this is so not me" and later on she kept trying to change herself to something else is what i think, but this is a really cool show. it is kinda like the andy griffith show in a way because it good at first but once it turned color and barney fife left, it was longer good. but i still like to watch it, but the only reason i watch later seasons is because of sabrina. what i meant about the opening sequence is: the opening titles of seasons 1-3 shows sabrina in front of a mirror posing with several different costumes and outfits as the cast members' names quickly flash on the bottom of the screen. at the end, sabrina would say some sort of pun that related to the outfit she is wearing, then disappear. the opening sequence of season four includes the characters in bubbles. the opening credits of seasons 5-7 features sabrina at various locations around boston

even though there are no new episodes, and it is rarely showed. i used to love the magic of sabrina and the teenage witch. i never got to see the last episodes, but i do want to know what happened to miles, or josh? and why did the aunts have to disappear out of the show for good?i'm sure the ending went to be perfect. but there are a lot of questions unanswered. and i want to see the last episode of s.t.t.w! because i heard she decides between erin and harvey on her wedding day! i really hope that she picks harvey! and may i say nate richart is hott!! too bad hes too old for me though. melissa joan hart has her own sense of cuteness that she adds to the show, but there are many little "stupid" things for the show such as how famous bands come out of nowhere and play songs and all the cast is listening, its kind of stupid. plus the cat starts to really get lame, as the show continued, the jokes began just to get stupid, and the things that the audio controlled "audience" would laugh at, i would think it was so lame. don't get me wrong, at some parts it was funny, but i think the show just kind of lost its "magic" so to speak as the show went on. i give kudos to all the cast though for trying, although that soleil moon frye girl had no taste, and she was a horrid actress. i wonder what melissa or any of the cast is doing now for that matter, now that the show has ended.

my kids recently started watching the reruns of this show - both the early episodes on the n, and the later ones on abc family - and they love it. (i wasn't aware the show had even lasted past the first or second season) i'm curious as to what prompted all of the cast changes - i've seen them described as "highly publicized," and yet a half hours searching efforts on the web have revealed nothing but endless comments on how the early episodes were so much better than the later episodes. (personally, i don't see a whole lot of difference - the scripts and themes remain largely the same throughout - but they do lose some great people along the way) my daughter has put the dvds on her wish list, so perhaps the land of special features and commentary will shed some light on all of this. i also wish they'd done some self-referential humor about the changes - like on "boy meets world" where they drop the little sister for an entire season or so, and when a different actor later shows up playing her, they ask her where she's been and she says "upstairs," or when early series token geek "minkus" shows up for the high school graduation, they ask him where he's been and he says "over there," pointing to the part of the classroom never shown by the camera, before saying "hey, mr. turner, wait up!" and running off screen (mr. turner being another character who left) oh well - maybe there will be an e true hollywood story on this or something? i was just glad to see aunt hilda show up for the finale - she was always one of my favorites - it's too bad it couldn't have been a more encompassing cast reunion. (the zelda candle just didn't cut it for me)

for the first three seasons, sabrina was a gem hidden away on tgif (and later, early school-day afternoon reruns). each episode had a maniac, zany energy and rapid-fire pacing that overcame the occasional awkward joke. melissa joan hart exuded a keen talent for physical comedy, particularly in her facial expressions. her two aunts, playing the "straight men," or as straight as two witches could be, had great comic timing and general chemistry with hart. salem, as a talking cat, was free to dabble in whatever mad scheme he was interested in, and one could laugh and take it all in stride because he was, after all, a talking cat. sabrina's friends rounded out the social experience at school, in which also housed the typical "evil cheerleader" and "totalitarian principal." perhaps the most interesting and unique aspect of the show was the ability to merge pop culture (e.g., bands of the era, jerry springer), archetypal human condition/morality (e.g., the importance of friendship, the spirit of christmas), and the literal representation of such related metaphors in the magical realm. unfortunately, like so many other shows throughout the age of television, the show hit its peak during the first three years, which coincided with sabrina attending high school. starting in season four, the move to college marked what would become a precipitous decline in the general quality of the show, particularly when the writers chose to introduce josh as harvey's rival, and concocting thin excuses for aunts hilda and zelda to remain on-screen as key players. the final season, where sabrina works at a pop culture magazine, was unequivocally disappointing. still, in the end, sabrina (particularly the high school years) remains a unique entry as a hybrid situational comedy with magical elements that elevates it above the tiresome fare that is produced in this genre every year.

and it's not because since her days on "clarissa explains it all" that i've had a bit of a crush on melissa joan hart, who at the time this show was popular was already well into her 20s, but was still able to get teenage roles. "sabrina, the teenage witch" was hart's next big leap after her "clarissa" days. based on the comic strip, sabrina spellman is - you guessed it! - a teenage witch who attempts to balance her witchcraft antics with the demands of everyday teenage life. she is aided in her endeavors by her two aunts and a wise-cracking black cat as she goes from high school, to college, and finally to her career in journalism.as usual, hart is the show's heart & soul. "sabrina, the teenage witch" is quite moving and very funny, and it's a shame that it took me so long to realize how great it was. i only wish there were some newer episodes that we could all enjoy.10/10

i remember this show as it became a regular viewing on a saturday evening.sabrina is a young girl who moves in with her aunts who as it turns out are witches and she is one to. so sabrina must learn how to control hr powers and use them effectively. she also must deal with school a vicious rival named libby, her ditsy best friend and boyfriend harvey kinkle...the show was funny and entertaining. it kept saturday evenings entertaining for a 10 year old boy..and made him laugh out loud...and flirt with 'libby'....

i know sometimes its really really corny... but the acting is amazing and melissa joan hart is as cute as a button. i love this show a lot, and i'm almost embarrassed that i do b/c the show has a rep. for being really corny, but it makes me feel good. my only problem is that sometimes it can be pretty low budget - sometimes actors change and you just have to deal with it... like sabrina's father is 2 different guys throughout the course of the movie... i mean, couldn't they just say he was an uncle or something? still, i can't help but loving this show. harvey and sabrina make a really cute couple and salem is absolutely hilarious. i definitely recommend it if your looking for some light and funny entertainment... my favorite episode is "pancake madness"... a hilarious episode. the best season is probably 3... i'm not really a fan of some of the seventh season twists... once you get to college, morgan joins the group and her dialog is painful and very poorly acted... plus she is ugly, so the jokes about how she is only surviving off her good looks were lost on me... but i think it was set up to have a really good eighth season and i was really sad to see one of my favorite shows canceled!

by submitting this comment you are agreeing to the terms laid out in our copyright statement. your submission must be your own original work. your comments will normally be posted on the site within 2-3 business days. comments that do not meet the guidelines will not be posted. please write in english only. html or boards mark-up is not supported though paragraph breaks will be inserted if you leave a blank line between paragraph.we sent an e-mail to when you registered. you must click on the link in that e-mail to complete your registration and enjoy the full benefits of being registered at imdb.com. whilst you wait for that e-mail, you can still update some of your registration details by using the links below. don't forget to keep checking your e-mail though!

what i love about this show is that it follows the lives of modern witches and it's a blast to experience their everyday love, humor and adventure. the literature of magic is so diverse, portraying the ideas of classical, medieval and modern wizardry, like harry potter and sabrina. with sabrina the teenage witch, this show is so fun and unique because it lets us experience a lot of that modern wizardry, seven seasons worth! this show has so many great qualities and it's a joy to watch sabrina live her daily life in the mortal and "other" realm. i would recommend this to any family because the television series is clean, funny and adventurous. classic!

sabrina the teenage witch was one of my favorite t.v shows of life :d i used to watch back to back episodes everyday when i got home from school. so far i think i've watched every episode at least once and the whole series 3 or 4 times. melissa joan hart plays the perfect teenage girl/witch with normal teenager troubles that we can all relate to. she's funny, smart, outgoing, witty, and a lot more. caroline rhea and beth broderick both fit the part very well as sabrina's aunts. zelda, the intelligent scientist, and hilda the crazy, wacky one make a perfect balance in sabrina's life. though i must agree that the college years aren't as good as her high school years, but that doesn't mean they weren't still good. i think the ending was awesome although it was not what i hoped, it made sense and i loved it anyways. :)

spoilers i loved the later episodes from college and on, but i wish i could get the last season on dvd. unfortunately, the latest i could get is the first college season. still the teenage years were sweet; although they focused a lot on magic, they also made her into a character that teens could relate to, deeling with the stuggles of teens, and children in divorced families. this show was very innocent; they did not get into the morbid teenage problems such as sex and drugs, but they did deel with pressure to fit in. i loved watching her grow up and cope with her magic on her own and trying to convince her aunts to let go as she left the nest. the older episodes were cute, but it was just so much better to see her as (well not really a teenage witch anymore) but an adult witch. i loved roxy and mortgan; they were so talented! in the earlier episodes the aunts were great actresses, but they were so strict, kind and loving, but they treated her like a young child in some ways, but not in every way. i mean they grounded her for every little mistake she made with her magic, i mean let her learn from her own mistakes for once! that was what i liked about the college episodes; she was able to learn from her own mistakes without be grounded over everything; that was annoying. not to put down hilda and zelda. melissa joan hard is beautiful and was perfect for the sabrina with her perky personality. i liked the last episode where she ran off the marry harvey, but as somebody else said, it would have been nice to see what happened after. i mean i believe it was obvious they were getting married; where else would they be running off to in her wedding dress? but i would have liked to have seen it. i supposed they wanted to leave it up to the viewer to choose the ending though rather than spoon feeding it to us as most comedies do. somebody said they could have shown them marry and go to school in the house, but they already graduated college. sabrina had great job for a magazine and i think harvey had a good job, because he lived in a nice apartment that we only see at the end, but they never say what he does. as a child they always talk about how he does not want to be an exterminator like his dad. when sabrian moved into the house that season, they never really explain how it happened. actually, there is a lot the show does not explain, but i supposed it is supposed to be to leave it up to us and give it some mystery. prior to sabrina and her friends moving into the house, they show hilda getting married and this whole spell that ends up with zelda turning into a child. hilda comes back in the last episode (and zelda is there in some other form, but beth is not on the episode) but they do not show zelda's husband or what happened, like did they have children? maybe they didn't want too much going on in one episode. i also liked hart's sister who played her spoiled cousin! she was pretty and a great actress and it was interesting to see her grown up! i cannon believe it has been six years since the show went off the air! i still love the reruns! also, i don't know if anybody noticed this, but in the earlier episodes, the town was called westbridbe (a made up town i believe, which was supposed to be close to salem) but in the later episodes, they don't mention the name of the town being caled westbridge and i think they call it boston, unless that is just where she worked. also, i wanted to add, i found the episode, "wild wild sabrina" where she is taught about the importance of rules, to be insulting. she was 18 and too old to be grounded; i would have been insulted if my parents grounded me at 18. and i think while an 18 year old might mess up how she did, they need to learn the consequences on their own. i think at 18 they know rules are important.

i love sabrina! its one of my fave shows!! my favourite episodes are; the one where she turns libby into a geek, the first episode, the true love episode and most of the rest from the first series. i do think the college episodes were not as good as the high school ones but they were better than the last series which was awful. valerie was a good character as she was more rounded than jenny, but jenny was in some brilliant episodes. hilda and zelda were amazing, and there seemed to be no explanation for where they went! libby was a good character too. i never liked morgan or roxy, they just weren't as good as her other friends.

i liked this tv show because it was it's own thing a girl who is on her sixteenth birthday finds out that she is a witch and her she lives with her aunties in the house and they are both witches as well. well this took her about a few weeks of getting used to. when she used her powers for the first time it was so funny because she turned her enemy into a pineapple. she had to turn back time and repeat a day. this series is really cool and it is a typical teenage series but it wore thin when she moved out of her house and to an apartment with her fellow college friends and then it got boring and i stopped watching.i loved her aunties they were so funny and the other one was really ditzy. i loved valerie and i hated sabrina's enemy libby she was ugly.

why did i enjoy the show to the last episode? because of the true talent melissa joan hart and her supporting cast had of demonstrating that whit, comedy, light-hearted humor, and deep thought could actually coexist. what i enjoyed most was the fact that i could come home from a hard day's work, and bust a smile... i was inspired... and why? it was an inspiration to watch as this magical person was so happy while helping others. sabrina was a hero in my opinion... even though she was vulnerable in ways that were not so different from our own... to very different; she had powers at her fingertip, wishes, and command that could be used for good or bad which may only exist in many of our imaginations. most everything we see, have, know about, own, or even desire... can be used for good or bad, and how we choose to define that, defines the person we are. she traveled the globe and other realms with these constant and unwaivering ideas in mind... to learn, to live, to laugh, and to love. she was always learning how to improve her skills to the benefit of all around her; she made mistakes as she was living life, going through different journey's of growth, as she, her aunts, and salem (the underrated, yet imperfect hero) did well to demonstrate that even through mistakes, you can still be noble, gifted, and wonderful. she also demonstrated many selfless, learning, and loving acts as she went along her way. if this isn't reason enough for 10 stars in this war torn world where people are so hostile toward each other, not realizing how differences are the spice of life rather than a reason to kill... then i don't know what is. this show was most certainly a trip to a better world as well as an inspiration to be better ourselves and a gift intended to bust a smile on our chops... i've heard from a doctor before that everything that i've mentioned above leads to a healthy "hart"... and isn't that what we all need? :)

i used to love watching "sabrina, the teenage witch" friday nights on abc's tgif. i think this was one of the best shows on tgif. my friends and i used to get together every friday just to watch this show and we never missed an episode.my favorite character was salem. he was adorable and sooo funny. i liked sabrina's boyfriend harvey, too. he was hot. i think melissa joan hart played a good teenage witch, too. my favorite episodes were "sabrina through the looking glass" and "hilda and zelda: the teenage years". those episodes were great.overall i really miss this show. i hope one day abc brings it back with new episodes. i give this show 10/10 stars.

elisha cuthbert plays sue a fourteen year old girl who has lost her mother and finds it hard to communicate with her father, until one day in the basement of her apartment she finds a secret magic elevator which takes her to back to the late 18th century were she meets two other children who have lost their father and face poverty...i was clicking through the channels and found this..i read the synopsis and suddenly saw elisha cuthbert...i thought okay....and watched the movie.. i didn't realise elisha had done films before....'the girl next door and 24' elisha provides a satisfactory performance, the plot is a little cheesy but the film works...its amazing how this young girl went on to become the hottest babe in hollywood!

i found this family film to be pleasant and enjoyable even though i am not a child. it is based on the concept of a high school girl, susan (elisha cuthbert) discovering that the elevator in her upper class apartment building becomes a time machine when a key on a key chain she got from a blind scientist is turned in the elevator lock. she learns how to control the machine (with some uncertainty about time of day).the film is not a work of serious science fiction. you have to ignore the usual instability paradox associated with altering the past through time travel, i.e, the past is changed to prevent the 1881 walker family from becoming poor, but the change means the family never got into financial trouble, so victoria wouldn't have told susan about the financial problems her mother had, which means that susan shouldn't have had a reason to change the past in the first place! but other than that, there are some nice touches in the story, such as the old elevator panel, found in the apartment of the woman who secretly invented and installed the time machine, not having a space for the lock that activates the time machine feature. as in many stories for children, we need to also suppose that a child will not share startling information about a time travel device with a parent or other adult but instead hide the time traveler.it also requires disregarding some poorly staged scenes and uninspired performances by some of the adult actors. (the child actors (elisha cuthbert, gabrielle boni, and matthew harbour) all were very convincing in their parts.) in one scene in the 1300s native americans notice susan observing and photographing them. but they don't register surprise in the sudden appearance of this blond, white skinned girl in peculiar dress. their response is to simply stop what they are doing and to walk calmly towards susan. in the same scene an indian mother is carrying what is supposed to be a baby but is so obviously a doll (its white skinned and its head flops around).timothy busfield, the award winning actor who originally came to fame in tv's old "thirty something," gives a somewhat uninteresting, sometimes listless, performance. in the other extreme michel perron hams it up as the italian building superintendent (janitor), as does richard jutras in his role as a nosy neighbor. (the neighbor's name is edward ormondroyd, which is the name of the author of the novel the film is based on.) i suspect that these problems may be the fault either of the director or possible of a low budget.despite these flaws, i recommend the movie for kids. in addition to the interesting story, it also has some educational value, in that it points out how much both technology and social norms have changed in little more that 100 years.

i love the movie, it was a very interesting fantasy movie b/c of the real meaning of family in it, the history of our country, the fun-filled action displayed in the movie. i watch time @ the top about 4 x's a week and i just love it! i wish that a sequel had of been made to see more of susan's dad in the past and watching how susan delt with her new baby sister and having no telephone, computers, gameboys or anything of the 21st century. i hope everyone else enjoyed the movie as much as i did i guess you could say i'm a time at the top fanatic and i don't mind. the lil boy in the movie robert lincoln walker was simply adorible i wonder who he is and how old he is today. does anyone know if he's played in over movies or tv shows?

a fascinating look at the relationship of a single father in 1998 and a single mother in 1881, tied together by a time-traveling teenager. reminded me of "somewhere in time," richard matheson's "bid time return," as rendered by christopher reeves and jane seymour.

i found 'time at the top' an entertaining and stimulating experience. the acting, while not generally brilliant, was perfectly acceptable and sometimes very good. as a film obviously aimed at the younger demographic, it is certainly one of the better works in the genre (children's sci-fi). normally, i would say that canada, the united kingdom and australia produce the best movies and tv shows for children, and 'time at the top' does nothing to discount this theory! i don't think that continuity and great acting are important to younger people. a good plot and an imaginative screenplay are far more important to them. both are in abundance in this film. the special effects are good, without detracting from the story, or closing the viewers off from their own imaginations. it would have been very easy to inject an over-load of sfx in this film, but it would have totally destroyed its entire 'raison d'etre'. the settings and camera work are of a very high standard in this movie, and complement the fine wardrobe and historical accuracy. overall, this film is highly satisfactory, and i recommend it to all viewers who can see the world through children's eyes, or those that try to, like myself! now, i really must read the original book, as soon as possible.

the movie was much better than the other reviewer stated. it's a nice family movie. it has a fun fantasy aspect of some time travel. the story revolves around a 14 year old girl who accidentally finds a way to travel back in time in the old elevator of her apartment building. of course, no one believes her when she tries to explain her disappearances. she finds and makes friends with a girl about her age and is able to help the girl's family in many ways. she is also able to help her own relationship with her father in the long run. it reminds me of a hallmark movie so give it a chance and decide for yourself. it seemed to be aimed more towards children about 6-12 years (maybe a bit older) and it's pretty much pg or g rated. i'm an adult who can appreciate a nice "family" movie - i guess the other reviewer isn't.

although cinderella isn't the obvious choice for a sequel i love jaq and gus so i didn't hesitate. the format of the mice writing a book for cinderella was an inspired one. i enjoy writing stories myself and hope children will be encouraged by this. the three stories are cute & amusing, although the songs were forgettable. jaq and gus were my favourite characters but i also enjoyed seeing lucifer, bruno, the mice chorus and all the rest. pom pom proved the perfect companion for lucifer and i liked the governess. a sequel done right for a change. my rating 8/10.

the sequel to the ever popular cinderella story reminded me somewhat of what they did with one of the beauty & the beast movies. it's basically three short stories rolled into 1.ok, the mice are adorable (i love gus! he's sooo cute!), and lucifer's awesome (as usual). i liked some of the newer characters as well, (pom pom was adorable and i did like prudence.). still, the storyline was somewhat limited, but still very cute. so, i vote 7/10.

as an adult i really did enjoy this one. i watched it with my 2 granddaughters and the 3 1/2 year old was fascinated and the 15 month old giggled at the mice.the music is fun and the animation is wonderful. this sequel does what return to neverland didn't accomplish. a good follow-up to the cinderella story; but what becomes of drusilla? another sequel? i hope so!

just after i saw the movie, the true magic feeling of the walt disney movies came up in me and i realized me that it was a long time ago that i saw the 'real' magic in a movie.the combination of the right music, speeches and magical effects brings the disney feeling again into your body. very special things i saw where the not-knowing effects in the movie, started with the disney logo transforming into the cinderella castle and ended as an old-story telling fairytale with your grandparents.the magic has returned in me. i rate this movie 8 out of 10.

i was shocked and surprised by the negative reviews i saw on the web, i thought cinderella 2 (as well as 3) is a very cute and funny sequel for everyone - kids and adults...like me, i am 22 years old.i also find it and very informative film, it shows lessons on being true to yourself and following your heart. i thought it has great animation, and the voice casting was very good; the songs performed by brooke allison too. since this film has been divided into three flashbacks/stories, my favorite out of the three, is the story of when jaq the mouse, became a human for a day, thanks to fairy godmother and her magic.

many people have commented that this movie was nowhere near as good as the first. well, maybe it isn't - to you. however, how does your child react to it? well, mine loved it more than the first.disney movies of the past can sometimes be a little harsh for little kids. (for example - bambi's mother getting shot.) this movie was really great for my sensitive little girl who likes humor and happy endings.if you want to be snobby about what should be disney's standards based on the past - skip this movie. if you have a sweet little girl or soft-hearted little boy you really want to please, buy this movie and treat your small children. this film is great as a bedtime movie for happy dreams instead of nightmares. i'm happy with a movie that pleases my kid & doesn't need to impress the parents all the time.

of course, the original is better, but this isn't as bad as everyone says! yes, it is made up into 3 stories, but hey, so what?! i thought it was quite good to be honest. i actually liked how anastasia changed a little when she fell in love, it shows what love can do. the stories were not so bad either.i liked cinderella's voice better in this too. i have nothing against her voice in the original, but i just think it sounds better here, more nicer. i liked her personality in this too, she had more of a backbone, yet she was still kind.so, i'll give cinderella ii:dreams come true a 7/10.

the cat and mouse are involved in the usual chases when jerry dives into a bottle of invisible ink and discovers that it makes him vanish. instead of seizing the opportunity to go spy on a girl mouse changing room or something, he uses his new-found invisibility to torment tom. and it's pretty funny and quite inventive despite being a somewhat one-joke cartoon. and the action never leaves the interior of the house, which is usually the trait of below average t&j shorts. still worth a 7/10.however, i'm not sure how an invisible mouse can cast a shadow on the wall, it defies physics and the very nature of being invisible itself.

"the invisible mouse" is a delightful and different tom & jerry's cartoon. it features the usual cat/mouse chases and battles, but in a different way this time. jerry accidentally falls in a bottle of invisible ink and is obviously very glad about this because he realizes that he can prepare lots of "surprises" for tom, scare him, torment him and confuse him.as much as it is weird, it's also very cool and funny to see what we can't see: jerry invisible. it's amusing to see things lifting up in the air without seeing who's doing it (we know who, right?) - it's like those things had a life of their own or even almost like a matter of ghosts. it's equally amusing to see jerry eating some candies and fruits while he's invisible. i really like that instrumental music which plays when he's not visible.some of the best jokes on this short are when tom sees jerry's shadow and slams him and even when tom tries to slam him with a frying pan and jerry writes "missed me". i also like when jerry drinks tom's chocolate milk, becoming visible again and with a happy look on his face.overall, this short has the basic ingredients needed for a classic cartoon: humor, entertainment, fun and some nice artwork too.

the usual cat and mouse antics abound until jerry jumps into a bottle of invisible ink. he gets the bright idea of torturing tom without him knowing. the cat gets wise and tries to do stuff to make him 'see' jerry even if it's not fool-proof. of course jerry gets butch aka killer aka spike the dog into the act (even if it's late in the short, and his contribution is minimal indeed) brilliant animated short which kind of reminded me of the one with the white mouse who scares tom so badly. most of the gags work and all violent as any good tom and jerry short should truly be. this hilarious cartoon can be found on disc one of the spotlight collection dvd of "tom & jerry" my grade: b+

after the usual chase scene, jerry accidentally winds up inside a bottle of invisible ink, which was part of a chemistry set. he quickly discovers he's invisible...so the predictable results occur, meaning he uses his new hidden condition to torment tom. jerry often is just defending himself, but often he has sadistic streak in him that torments the cat whenever possible, even when unprovoked.here, he makes tom think his eyes are deceiving him when cheese from a mousetrap disappears before his eyes, or milk from a dish. tom can't take anymore so he tries to sleep this nightmare off, but jerry sets fire to his paw! man, i hope little kids didn't ideas watching these cartoons back in the '40s and '50s! i always found jerry, the little mouse, more evil than cute.thankfully, in cartoons, generally, whatever damage a character suffers is gone within seconds and he's back to normal. the best part of this cartoon is about two-thirds of the way through when tom figures out what the story is with jerry, and tries different methods to detect where the mouse is located (such as putting flour on the floor to see his footprints).

how can the viewer rating for this movie be just 5.4?! just the lovely young alisan porter should automatically start you at 6 when you decide your rating. james belushi is good in this too, his first good serious role, i hadn't liked him in anything but about last night until this. he was pretty good in gang related with tupac also. kelly lynch, you gotta love her. well, i do. i'm only wondering what happened to miss porter?i gave curly sue a 7

hi everyone my names larissa i'm 13 years old when i was about 4 years old i watch curly sue and it knocked my socks of i have been watching that movie for a long time in fact about 30 minutes ago i just got done watching it. alisan porter is a really good actor and i love that movie its so funny when she is dealing the cards. every time i watch that movie at the end of it i cry its so said i know i'm only 13 years old but its such a touching story its really weird thats alisan is 25 years old now. every time i watch a movie someone is always young and the movie comes out like a year after they make it and when u watch it and find out how old the person in the movie really is u wounder how they can go from one age to the next. like harry potter. that movie was also great but still daniel was about 12 years old in the first movie and i was about 11. so how could he go from 12 to 16 in about 4 years and i'm only 13. i'm not sure if he is 16 right now i think he is almost 18 but thats kind of weird when u look at one movie and on the next there about 4 years old then u when they were only 1 in the last.i'm not sure i have a big imagination and i like to revile it.i am kind of a computer person but i like to do a lot of kids things also. i am very smart like curly sue in the movie but one thing i don't like in the movie is when that guy calls the foster home and makes curly sue get taken away i would kill that guy if he really had done it in real life. well i'm going to stop writing i know a write a lot sometimes but kids do have a lot in there head that need to get out and if they don't kids will never get to learn.larissa

i strongly disagree with "ctomvelu" regarding jim belushi's talent. i happen to like belushi very much. admittedly, i was skeptical when he first appeared on the scene, because i was such a huge fan of his late brother john. but jim has an on-screen charm that has gotten him very far -- and he has developed it well over the years.curly sue is one of his earlier films -- his weight is a giveaway (ain't that true for most of us?) -- and i like the film. yes, it is touching and heartwarming, so if you're into car chases, explosions and gratuitous sex, then you might want to pass on this one -- it is a warm film of three lost soles who find each other. don't get me wrong, i am all for the three aforementioned keys to a successful film, but i also like a nice, solid tale like this one.and although belushi and kelly lynch deliver excellent performances, the real star of this film is alisan porter -- who is absolutely adorable.i don't know what happened to her career, but whoever is responsible for dropping the ball (agent? parents? herself?) should be shot. you couldn't ask for a more perfect introduction to fame than this film, and yet nothing of note has been heard from her since.another sad hollywood story ...

my daughter, her friends and i have watched this movie literally dozens of times. i bought it twice and some little girlfriends absconded with it. subsequently, i rented it so very many times. it just never gets old!!! blockbuster doesn't even have it in their listings anymore and i have tried to buy, find, rent it for over 5 years. without a doubt, this was and is my most favourite movie of my daughter's childhood...it has it all! we laughed, we cried, we discussed real life and how hard some children have it in the world. there was nothing pretend about this movie. we related to every second and every line bill! thanks a million for restoring our faith in human nature. sincerely, shelleen and kailin vandermey. craven, saskatchewan. canada,eh!!! :-)august '07 update:who are we to judge if a rich woman falls in love with a poor man; or a man who has love chooses to raise a child who is not his own. it may not be my or your life. it is not only believable, it happens every day. thank god! keeps my faith in human nature alive!!! celebrate!!!!

very heart warming and uplifting movie. outstanding performance by alisan porter (curly sue). i saw this movie when it was first released and enjoyed it immensely. i just caught it again on the mplex channel, and curly sue touched my heart again.

i have to agree with cal-37 it's a great movie, specially for the family, kelly linch is beautiful, the little girl is really talented and cute, of course jim belushi has earned his strips! but want i really liked was the piano song, if you're a musician or not watch this movie just for that, you'll know which it is."you're nobody till somebody loves you" written by russ morgan, larry stock, and james cavanaughso have fun watchingsee ya,nelson

good story. good script. good casting. good acting. good directing. good art direction. good photography. good sound. good editing. good everything. put it all together and you end up with good entertainment.the shame of it is that there aren't nearly enough films of this caliber being made these days. we may count ourselves lucky that writers/directors like john hughes are occasionally able to make their creative voices heard.whenever i notice that i'm watching a film for the third or fourth time and still find it thoroughly satisfying i have to conclude that something about that film is right.

i remember having a pretty low regard for a venture like this when it was first released. james "not jim" belushi, a hammy kid actress, and a cheesy title in a john hughes formula. you couldn't have paid me to see it 15 years ago. but, i got caught up watching it while wasting away a sunday afternoon, and it hits me on a couple of levels. the fairy tale (part pretty woman, part reverse pretty woman), the very vulnerable, elizabeth_perkins_in_miracle_on_42nd_street -like performance by kelly lynch, the escapism. over all, it gently pulls some very nice strings. it's pretty hard not to fall into the story, develop a crush on kelly lynch, identify with james belushi, dislike the stiff bad guy boyfriend, and laugh at the curley sue lines. has all the ups and downs, with a happy ending, and the kind of message you want to hear. go ahead, waste your time on this movie, it's worth it.

curly sue is a 6 year old with an abundance of hair and a life as a drifter. she and her father, bill (jim belushi), try to survive on the streets by being small time con artists. in chicago, bill decides to jump in front of a car in a pricey parking garage while curly will scream about lawsuits and traction to the intended victim. it happens to be a very upscale lawyer named grey (kelly lynch) who is appropriately appalled at what she has done. not only do the scammers make some cash, they get to spend the night at grey's plush apartment. even then, grey feels she owes them more so the three of them hang together for a spell. grey only knows the lucrative law business and nothing about life. who better to teach her than bill and curly, those savvy experts on life's realities? but, all good things must come to an end and there is no life for a legal expert and a couple of con men. or is there? this is a sweet and funny movie about the unexpected. curly is certainly as entertaining as shirley temple but much edgier, of course. belushi gives a rare touching performance as the down on his luck con and lynch is luminous as the snooty but soft touch lawyer. john hughes, as writer and director, shows us his magic touch once again, as the script is lively and unpredictable. just watch curly and bill take grey out for a night, with no money, and see the humorous results. do you long for happy endings, long promised and finally delivered, with a few uncertain moments in between? this is your made-to-order movie.

with all thats going on in the world sometimes we need an escape. curly sue is just that. not a complicated plot or deep meaning; however it is not devoid of substance. there is more than furious action or heart pounding dramas. there are the charming little shows you can watch with your kids and have enough substance to enjoy with your date. try it you may like it more than you think. the little girl is really smart and cute. the "dad" and the girl go thru some slapstick routines. when a jealous boyfriend steps in, trouble brews for curly and the life shes known may be torn asunder. fred thompson and kelly lynch play good roles as the upper crust and alison porter and james belushi are a interesting fable like duo portraying street wise homeless drifters. their worlds collide and comedy ensues.

give this movie a break! its worth at least a "7"! that little girl is a good actor and she's cute, too. jim belushi is a comic genius. you can't help but feel good at the end! i wish there were more wholesome shows like this, that you can enjoy with your kids!

this movie made me very happy. it's impossible not to love the smart and sweet orphan girl who changes the heart of a selfish lawyer only interested in pursuing success in her career. this is a very optimistic movie and i sincerely believe that we need more films like curly sue. it touched my heart.

writer/director john hughes covered all bases (as usual) with this bitter-sweet "sunday afternoon" family movie. "curly sue" is a sweet, precocious orphan, cared for from infancy by "bill". the pair live off their wits as they travel the great us of a. fate matches them with a "very pretty" yuppie lawyer, and the rest is predictable.kids will love this film, as they can relate to the heroine, played by 9 year old alisan poter (who went on to be the "you go girl!" of pepsi commercials). the character is supposed to be about 6 or 7, as she is urged to think about going to school. some of her vocabulary suggests that she is every day of 9 or older.similar to "home alone", there is plenty of slap-stick and little fists punching big fat chins. again, this is "formula" film making, aimed at a young audience. entertaining and heartwarming. don't look for any surprises, but be prepared to shed a tear or two.

whoopi was the only reason i watched the oscars that year. she is hilarious. of course there was a major serious side to the show. she was great not only because she's funny, but because she said some things that needed to be said in a public forum. white folks need to be reminded that hollywood awards' ceremonies, employment, and representation are way out of balance racially. there should be no need for "black" awards shows. the white-bread, milquetoast nominators and judges need to bring their heads into the sunshine and see that great material is not limited to "white" directors, producers, actors, etc. allowing woody allen on the air was the depth of poor taste. he had no business being there. the fact of the matter is, this is the first oscar presentation i've watched since "the color purple" was up for awards. that miscarriage of voting soured me on watching the shows until 2002. which is not to denigrate other presenters. billy crystal is a riot.

to all of yall who think 1.this was a boring telecast 2.halle berry and denzel washington did not deserve their oscarsshut the f**k up!! this was one of the best academy awards show because 1.it was a moment in history to have a black yes "black actress" win an academy award for best actress so many of our black sisters have been ignored by the academy for many years.to be honest i had stop watching the academy awards because of a lack of diversity in either the winners or nominees.to me it was nothing but a bunch of white people patting each other in the back.the academy had many chances to vote black actresses that were brilliant in movies eg alfre woodard,whoopi goldberg,diana ross,mary jean babtise, but it did not 2.halle berry deserved that oscar no competition the academy was under pressure to vote for her so long have deserving actresses been ignored by the academy the majority of which is comprised of white voters yeah yeah nicole kidman sang very prettily in muling rouge!but it was time black people were accommodated in these awards shows.as for mr washington the academy owed him big time after that unfair loss for malcomx.to all of you who think race is not an issue"probably white people"in the movie industry,well it is many of the most talented black actresses around have either been reduced to stereo typical made by white people roles of what they think is a black women or are not existence"angela basset". i do not expect many of the white people to understand any of this because they never had to deal with any of it.come to think of it they are the one who been inflicting it

ok, so the oscars seem to get hyped just a little more each year. and i was rooting for "gosford park" to win (come on, robert altman had deserved an oscar for years!). that said, i guess that it was high time for an african-american to win best actress. contrary to the previous reviewer, halle berry's role in "monster's ball" was far more original than nicole kidman's in "moulin rouge"; i never would have thought to nominate the latter for anything, especially in a year that saw "mulholland dr.".among the things that i had predicted was the stuff about the september 11 attacks; i knew that they were going to say something about freedom. yeah, yeah. robert redford should know better. but contrary again to the previous reviewer, whoopi goldberg is not the worst host (among the past hosts was bob hope, for whom i have no respect); i really liked her jab at john ashcroft.so, although i wouldn't have given "a beautiful mind" best picture, "the 74th annual academy awards" still pleased me (i have to admit, i enjoy the oscars more than my own birthday). and the day after, as my parents and i were hiking around the dwellings in bandalier, new mexico - it was spring break - i was thinking to myself that when jim broadbent won his oscar, that most people watching were asking "jim who?!" i wonder whether or not woody allen will ever attend the oscars again.

the events of the 11th of september 2001 cast its shadow on this oscar award ceremony with a one minute silence before the in memoriam montage and there was little in the way of the all singing all dancing comedy extravaganza that we`d come to expect of this award show but this was by no means a bad thing . entertainment was more or less curtailed to a lotr send up with ben stiller and owen wilson and that was it . the rest of the show was taken up with clips from the nominations and i have to admit this was actually more enjoyable than the overblown song and dance numbers we`ve seen over the years and whoopi goldberg was by no means a bad presenter unlike the very esoteric david letterman from a few years ago and the one minute silence for the victims of 9/11 was haunting and dignified as for the awards new zealand was absolutely robbed . fellowship of the ring went home with four minor awards while a beautiful mind undeservingly picked up most of the major prizes except for best actor which should have gone to a tough guy new zealander but went to an an all american nice guy instead . the only oscar awards i agreed with apart from the ones presented to fellowship were the awards for best supporting actress and best supporting actor , both correct calls .

the 74th oscars was a very good one. whoopi's work as emcee was very funny, and light. i personally loved her last apperance, which garnered some frigid reviews due to coarse language and salacious jokes, but that's fine. the audience seemed to like it. halle berry, denzel washington, ron howard, woody allen, and sidney poitier made this an oscar telecast to remember.

no awards show can please all the people. clearly if your favorite movies didn't win, you will say the show wasn't very good. that's understandable.however, the 74th annual academy awards will be remembered for one magical moment of hollywood history:woody allen's first appearance ever at the academy awards.allen has often shunned the awards as being self-aggrandizing and pointless, and has never attended -- even though he has won several of the coveted awards.when the 74th academy awards were held, the nation was still mourning the loss of life in the collapse of the world trade centers in new york. when it came time to pay tribute to the city of new york, they decided to show a video of the great movie moments form the city of cities. then the announcer simply said:"ladies and gentleman, oscar award winning director woody allen."the place erupted in an extremely long standing ovation. the entertainment industry finally got to give their applause to the man from new york who usually avoids the hollywood scene. as the applause died down, woody applied some of his legendary wit to the situation.some highlights:"thank you very much - that makes up for the strip search.""i thought they wanted their oscars back," he joked. "i panicked because the pawn shop has been out of business for ages and i had no way of retrieving anything. ""but that wasn't it. i couldn't work it out because my movie wasn't nominated for anything this year. then it hit me - maybe they were calling to apologise."allen also disclosed why he had overlooked his lifelong oscar-aversion for this one special night."for new york city, i'd do anything. so i got my tux on and came down here," said allen."it's a great, great movie town. it's been a great, moving and exciting backdrop for movies and it remains a great, great city."

this is the best of shelley duvall's high-quality "faerie tale theatre" series. the ugly stepsisters are broadway-quality comedy relief, and eve arden is the personification of wicked stepmotherhood. jennifer beals does an excellent job as a straight cinderella, especially in the garden scene with matthew broderick's prince charming. jean stapleton plays the fairy godmother well, although i'm not sure i liked the "southern lady" characterization with some of the lines. steve martin's comedy relief as the royal orchestra conductor is quintessential martin, but a tiny bit misplaced in the show's flow.as is customary with the series, there are several wry comments thrown in for the older children (ages 15 and up). with a couple of small bumps, the show flows well, and they live happily ever after. children up to age 8 will continue to watch it after the parents finally get tired of it -- i found 3 times in one day to be a little too much.

here is one the entire family will enjoy... even those who consider themselves too old for fairy tales. shelley duvall outdid herself with this unique, imaginative take on nearly all of the popular fairy tales of childhood. the scripts offer new twists on the age-old fables we grew up on and they feature a handful of stars in each episode. "cinderella" is no exception to duvall's standard and in my opinion it's one of the top five of the series, highlighted by jennifer beals (remember her from "flashdance"--and she's still in hollywood today making a movie here and there) in the title role, jean stapleton as the fairy godmother with a southern accent and eve arden as the embodiment of wicked stepmotherhood. edie mcclurg ("ferris bueller's day off") and jane alden make for a hilarious duo as the stepsisters. matthew broderick is an affable prince henry. you'll all keep coming back for this one!

i am a big fan a faerie tale theatre and i've seen them all and this is one of the best! it's funny, romantic, and a classic. i recommend this for all ages. it's great for little kids because it's well, cinderella and great for adults and teen because it's funny and not over the top. i watched it when i was little and i still watch it now. it has great lines that my family and i quote all the time. the acting is great and it never gets old. if you like fairy tales and romances you will love this. i've watched many a cinderella movie in my time and this is the best of them all. (sorry disney) i highly recommend this movie and all the faerie tale theatre shows. they all appeal to all ages and are all unique and very entertaining.

this is a great show, and will make you cry, this group people really loved each other in real life and it shows time and time again. email me and let's chat. i have been to australia and they real do talk like this.i want you to enjoy five mile creek and pass on these great stories of right and wrong, and friendship to your kids. i have all 40 episodes on dvd-r that i have collected over the last 5 years. see my five mile creek tribute at www.mikeandvicki.com and hear the extended theme music. let's talk about them.these people are so cool!

in the opening scenes of this movie a man shot arrows through his hotel room into another man's bathroom and blew out all the lights. this must have been very hep for 1936, but rather way way out and had nothing to do with the film, robin hood did not make an appearance as far as i could see. however, bette davis(daisey appleby),"the whales of august",'87 was very young and attractive and performed one of her best roles in a long career in hollywood. daisey never stopped teasing or being very sexy with her nightgowns and so called swim suit on her yacht with george brent(johnny jones),"the spiral staircase",'46. daisey even proposed marriage to johnny in a ferris wheel upside down and even got a black eye. davis and brent made a great couple, one suppose to be very rich and the other a very poor reporter. off stage, davis and brent were having a real torrid love affair, which is good reason why there was sparks when these two appeared in this film. if you liked bette davis and george brent, this is the film for you!

this is an excellent example of early bette davis talent. the production is above average for 1936 timeframe. i cannot understand why the owners of the rights to this film have not put it on dvd. owners, please please release it. i would buy it immediately. i have not seen it in more than thirty years, on television, but remember it well.

at first sight this movie doesn't look like a particular great one. after all a bette davis movies with only 166 votes on imdb and a rating of 6,5 must be a rather bad one. but the movie turned out to be a delightful and original surprise.you would at first expect that this is a normal average typical '30's movie with a formulaic love-story but the movie is surprisingly well constructed and has an unusual and original story, which also helps to make this movie a very pleasant one to watch.the story is carried by its two main characters played by bette davis and george brent. their helped by a cast of mostly amusing characters but the movie mainly involves just around them two. their character are involved in a most unusual and clever written love-story that work humorous as well. it makes this movie a delightful little comedy to watch, that is perfectly entertaining.the movie is quite short (just over an hour long), which means that the story doesn't waste any time on needless plot lines, development and characters. it makes the movie also rather fast paced, which helps to make this movie a perfectly watchable one by todays standards as well. it does perhaps makes the movie a bit of a simple one at times but this never goes at the expense of its entertainment or fun.a delightful pleasant simple romantic-comedy that deserves to be seen by more!8/10

i thought the movie "i do they don't" was fantastic. in the past i've watched rob estes on "suddenly susan" & "melrose place" and also josie bissett on "melrose place" and loved seeing them together again in "i do they don't". they have great chemistry together (i guess being married in real life helps that!) - in the movie they are both widowed with children and careers and they fall in love and try blend their already busy chaotic families together without dropping the ball. of course they stumble, but they keep it together which is what working and raising a family is all about. so many people have been talking about this movie - all good! - and the movie left us wanting more. this would make a great series - appealing to many ages! - it would be so nice to see a real life, down to earth, family show like this that portrays the reality of so many of our lives today - instead of the so called "reality tv" that all the stations are overwhelming us with these days. someone tell the people at abc family they have the start of a new series here!

rob estes, josie bisset and a crap load of kids that look nothing like either of them.basically, rob and josie have a shotgun wedding on a drunken night during a vegas vacation. they each come home to find that their respective children already know of the nuptials due to tabloid-like not-so-fodder. they, rob and josie, move both of them and their eight kids into one or the other's house.rob builds furniture, i think, which is close enough to frank lambert's (patrick duffy) construction job on the much similar step by step to warrant eternal mockage.josie is some sort of cookie-making queen, though it doesn't look like she makes any of the cookies. not close enough to carol foster's (suzanne somers)hairdressing job to warrant likeness mockage, but hilariously preposterous enough to warrant atrocity mockage.unlike step by step, they were a couple before the vacation and actually knew one another's last names, or so one assumes if their serious enough about a relationship to take a trip together.anyhow, there are eight kids; moira, sandy, jeff, lily, daisy, nathan, andrew l. and andrew b. i, personally, think they should've just called the younger andrew 'andy'.there's a lot of product placement, particularly for soup at hand (which is disgusting) and listerine pocket packs. there are also some stupid, senseless moments. it's also not a great film to promote happy families.but, hey! rob estes! this concludes my review of 'step by step... on some really bad drugs.' watch it for rob estes and his pretty!eyes. there are some great pretty!eyes shots.

how nice to have a movie the entire family can watch together. josie bissett and rob estes (who are married in real life) play a couple who marry in las vegas on a whim and then not only have to break the news to their kids but then have to try to meld their respective households (each has two boys and two girls)into a cohesive family unit. what transpires when the group, which includes four teenagers, two preteens and two younger children, makes one wonder at first if there can ever be true happiness for carrie and jim. the fights between the kids (and one little love affair between two of them) make one wonder if everyone will ever be able to get along. more interesting than the brady bunch, what this is a totally enjoyable way to spend a couple hours. recommended as a feel good movie for all ages.

as far as i know, this show was never repeated on uk television after its original run in the late '60s / early '70s, and most episodes are now sadly "missing presumed wiped".series 6 from 1971 however still exists in its entirety, and i recently got the chance to watch it all, the best part of 4 decades on.after rushing home from school, freewheelers was essential viewing for me and many of my contemporaries back in those halcyon days of flared trousers, slade and chicory tip. and watching it again brought a nostalgic lump to the throat.never mind the bad / hammy acting, the unintentionally amusing fight scenes, plot holes wide enough to pilot a large ocean-going yacht through and the "frightfully, frightfully" rada accents of the lead players.no - forget all that. because freewheelers harks back to a bygone (dare i say "golden") age of kids' tv drama, when the shows were simply about rip-roaring fun and didn't take themselves so seriously. before they became obsessed with all the angst-laden "ishoos" that today's screenwriters have their young protagonists fret over, such as relationships, pregnancy, drugs, stis etc.no doubt if it were "remade for a modern audience" in these days of all-pervasive political correctness, the boss figure would be a black female, one of the young male heroes would be a muslim, the other would be a white lad confused about his sexuality and the girl would be an all-action go-getter with an iq off the scale, who'd be forever getting the lads out of scrapes and making them look foolish - in other words a million miles removed from wendy padbury's deferential, ankle-spraining washer-upper.it's a show that's very much "of its time". but is that a bad thing? i for one don't think so.

ah, true memories. i lived in holland at the time and looked eagerly forward to it every sunday evening and later tuesdays. i saw it during my 14-16s. very good for my (at the time school-)english, as dutch tv provides subtitles for other languages, except for kiddies shows nowadays. so you would hear the original voices and language. - the best series were the first three ones and then after the third series, the great character, nazi von gelb, who was such a formidable enemy, disappeared from the series (i don't think they ever really caught him, he always escaped, leaving room to have him appear again in a next story) because evidently the series also was distributed to germany, and a nazi enemy wouldn't go over very well! too bad, because geoffrey toone did such a wonderful convincing job of portraying the intelligent nazi aristocrat, who had this ongoing obsession to take revenge on england. it was a true delight to see this kind of high quality performance in a youth series, but ronald leigh-hunt was a good counterpart and the youngsters were so normal. they were very believable to me at the time and as a kid i could just imagine to be part of these youngsters, who at the time were about four years older than me. it was a very exciting series to me, standing out in my memory of those times as a special show with "the prisoner" as well. i hope they will publish a good quality dvd of the series, that would be wonderful. even the bad copies around are still enjoyable to watch. the later series were not as good, watered down and just not as much fun as the first three. hopefully they also find the other series with von gelb to be put on dvd. greetings from canada.

i love the satan pit!!! david tennant is such a great actor and so is billie piper!!! who else loves will thorp to pieces??? he is so cute, isn't he? i hated the bits where he got possessed by the devil and where he got told to "go to hell", as rose so bluntly put it. mind you, he was quite funny when he said, "rose, do us a favour, will you? shut up!". mr jefferson was so brave, wasn't he? dying to save the others. i felt really sorry for toby (will thorp) when he came out of the possession for the 2nd time because he was so scared. i was like "oh my god if i was rose i'd be so scared for him". and when she hugged him i was like "grrrrrr, he's mine! hands off!" but i thought that was really sweet. and the doctor....well, i thought he was gonna say to ida "tell rose i love her" but he didn't. oh well.

anyone find it interesting that the ood look strangely similar to the 'great cthulhu' of h p lovecraft vintage? hmmm? great pair of episodes (not referring to billie piper as most seem to do!) in the impossible planet and the satan pit.also the link to 'legion' i think also used in who before and also referring to satan in various novels post exorcist era...great suspense episodes utilising fear and faith elements. the new team for these 'who's are working great magic for tv.this certainly creates new fears and 'hide behind the sofa' feelings not seen for many, many years in this continuation of a superb bbc series (pity it is confirmed by the bbc that billie piper is quitting - perhaps not permanently - after end of series 2) :o(((

i thoroughly enjoyed the first part of this two parter, the impossible planet, and was slightly worried that the second part wouldn't hold up quite so well as has been true in the past of the two parters of the past 2 who series. but thankfully my fears were unfounded as i found myself enjoying this episode as much as the previous one. anyway we start off with the surviving crew members on the run from the ood, whom have become the devil's pawn. there is also a bit of philosophizing on the doctor's part in the episode that i quite enjoyed. needless to say it was a good solid doctor who story. might be a tad too intense for the younger viewers though.my grade: b+

this was an excellent 2-part episode, although i had never been seen the older ones, i never thought the doctor would go up against anything that is paranormal, extra terrestial of course but not paranormal.this episode brings the things that we most fear and how would we humans, in a futuristic time, would fight and defeat real live evil when most odds say that would be impossible.being that it's a family film i am surprised that they brought some stuff in like fear and faith, especially if its also going to entertain american audiences. but who care about what yanks say, we rock! doctor who has shown potential ever since from episode one from the new series in 2005, first being so harmless to scary, from fun to serious, from light to darkness. i hope many old fans will one day soon say "the old doctor who has returned".10 out of 10

this is, without a shadow of a doubt, one of the scariest and most intriguing episodes of doctor who. this is a thrilling psychological ride and you will probably find your own beliefs being thrown into question. riddled with spine-chilling moments, this is an episode no "who" fan can afford to miss.starting from when the pit was opened after the events in "the impossible planet", the doctor and ida are trapped and are running out of air. with no other alternatives, they decide to find what lies at the bottom of the pit, an event which surpasses even the doctor's expectations. whilst there, the doctor is forced to make what he considers to be the ultimate sacrifice...meanwhile, rose and the other members of the planet try to find a way to fend off the ood, whose minds have been poisoned by the beast. also, is toby zed truly cured of his possession by the beast?

the impossible planet and the satan pit together comprise the two best episodes of the 'new' doctor who's second season. having said that, it should be obvious that much of the story basically transposes the plot of quatermass and the pit (1967) to an outer space setting, with the history of the universe intertwined with that of the beast 666. these episodes cement the emotional ties between rose and the doctor, whilst also highlighting rose's increasing self-confidence, establishing her as a not-quite-equal-yet-but-getting-there partner with our beloved time lord. also of note is matt jones elegant screenplay, which decreases the occasional over-reliance on one-liners for the doctor, and the performances of the entire cast, most notably the excellent shaun parkes as acting captain zachary cross flane.

this two-parter was excellent - the best since the series returned. sure bits of the story were pinched from previous films, but what tv shows don't do that these days. what we got here was a cracking good sci-fi story. a great big (really scary) monster imprisoned at the base of a deep pit, some superb aliens in the ood - the best "new" aliens the revived series has come up with, a set of basically sympathetic and believable human characters (complete with a couple of unnamed "expendable" security people in true star trek fashion), some large-scale philosophical themes (love, loyalty, faith, etc.), and some top-drawer special effects.i loved every minute of this.

i totally disagree.i thought that this was a great movie for kids.dawn wells from gilligans island,and promise shown of a barely then known dana plato.it was disneylike and for that it can hardly be disregarded as meaningless fluff.no it wasn't scary and wasn't meant to be.i wont ruin the ending.but it was unusual the way that it was done.i mean the kids characters were great and i didn't know what to expect in the end.the basic plot also had a lot more to do with these kids than you say the fact that these kids were expert fishermen is very central to the plot especially initially.it also helps them out of a jam towards the end.it also has the plus of not being overly long.i think it clocks in at under 95 minutes

this charmingly pleasant and tenderhearted sequel to the hugely successful "the legend of boggy creek" is a follow-up in name only. stories abound in a sleepy, self-contained fishing community of a supposedly vicious bigfoot creature called "big bay ty" that resides deep in the uninviting swamplands of boggy creek. two bratty brothers and their older, more sensible tomboy sister (a sweetly feisty performance by cute, pigtailed future "different strokes" sitcom star dana plato) go venturing into the treacherous marsh to check out if the creature of local legend may be in fact a real live being. the trio get hopelessly lost in a fierce storm and the furry, bear-like, humongous, but very gentle and benevolent sasquatch comes to the kids' rescue.tom moore's casual, no-frills direction relates this simple story at a leisurely pace, astutely capturing the workaday minutiae of the rural town in compellingly exact detail, drawing the assorted country characters with great warmth and affection, and thankfully developing the sentiment in an organic, restrained, unforced manner that never degenerates into sticky-sappy mush. the adorable dawn wells (mary ann on "gilligan's island") gives an engagingly plucky portrayal of the kids' loving working class single mom while jim wilson and john hofeus offer enjoyably irascible support as a couple of squabbling ol' hayseed curmudgeonly coots. robert bethard's capable, sunny cinematography displays the woodsy setting in all its sumptuously tranquil, achingly pure and fragile untouched by civilization splendor. darrell deck's score adeptly blends flesh-crawling synthesizer shudders and jubilant banjo-pluckin' country bluegrass into a tuneful sonic brew. in addition, this picture warrants special praise for the way it uncannily predicts the 90's kiddie feature bigfoot vogue by a good 15-odd years in advance.

i saw this movie when i was 13 and i really liked dana plato who later starred in different strokes as kimberly drummond . i don't think it's garbage .it was not meant to be a sequel to the documentary either . its just a cute kids movie about 3 children who go after men trying to find the boggy creek monster . the men get hurt and the kids rescue them with the help of the creature .haunting shots of the arkansas swamp and scenery were neat . this is a good movie for kids ,no real violence a few mild scares but good fun for the young kids.

this is a fantasy movie for kids based on the boggy creek legend although i don't know why they called it return to boggy creek as if it's a sequel.this movie has nothing to do with the documentary and its fantasy kiddie fare. dawn wells stars as the mother of 3 children who get lost in the swamp around boggy creek with 2 other men and the monster comes to their aid. yes it's very silly and the plot is corny but this kind of movie is perfect for the 8-12 y/o group which it targeted. it's harmless g-rated kiddie fare and at least you don't have to worry about leaving your kids alone while they watch it. strictly for the 8-12 y/o set ,older kids will get bored and think it lame.

*** spoilers*my dad had taped this movie for me when i was 3. by age 5, i had watched it over 400 times. i just watched it and watched it. and i still do today! it has a grim storyline, a lamb's mother is killed by a wolf--a very emotional scene--and wants to become a wolf, like him. after years of training, the lamb is made into a really really evil looking thing. he and the wolf travel to his old barn, but he cannot kill the lambs, no matter how much he wishes to. he ends up killing the wolf, but is no longer seen as a lamb by his former friends, and can't return to his previous way of life.the art is beautiful, the songs are..well, okay, and the voice acting is better than some things today.all in all, you just *have* to see this movie, it is a great masterpiece. although, it's very hard to find today.

in a not so conventional sense of the word.this movie was one of my favorites as a young child, and i just recently remembered it, and thought to look it up. while many of the details are no longer clear in my mind, the overall feeling that the movie gave me has stuck with me over the years.if parents feel that their children can handle mature and sometimes violent themes, then i highly recommend this movie. it taught me a lot about life and death, and brought forth in me a lot of emotion. to this day, it remains one of my favorite films.

i saw this movie as a child and it broke my heart! no other story had such a unfinished ending... i grew up on many great anime movies and this was one of my favourites, because it was so unusual - a story about unfairness, and cruelty, and loneliness, and life, and choices that can't be undone, and the need for others. chirin is made alone when the wolf kills his mother, but the wolf is alone, too, when chirin follows him into the mountain. the wolf doesn't kill the lamb, even though each night he says "maybe i'll eat you tomorrow." the tape of it i have is broken and degraded from age and use. i will repair it and watch the movie again someday and cry just as hard as i did as a child. stories like this, with this depth and feeling, and this intricacy of meaning, are very rare. it is a sad story, but i've never encountered any catharsis more beautifully made. i am glad i have seen this movie, and i'm glad i saw it as a child.

watching this several times as a child was quite the experience 15 years ago, and now that i've found it again it still has a film experience like few others. if risky, it's a great display of morals and life lessons recommended for family viewing with young kids. while it still holds up as an adult, i was fortunate to have learned from it many times over years ago. trying to find it today is hard enough . . . but believe me it is well worth it no matter what the age. anime fans especially will find this a great entry to masami hata's filmography. with impressive art work and unique designs, "chirin no suzu" represents a worthwhile experience. while some of the lyrical songs are not so hot when recorded in english, the musical score is nevertheless captivating. but even the voice acting is far better than much released today. unfortunately is went out of print in the mid-1980s from rca columbia home video, and has not received any new format release to my knowledge, at least in the us. look hard for it and you will be quite satisfied! it's an artful, intense, enjoyable, and important landmark in japanese animation.

when an orphanage manager goes on vacation, his father takes over the details of the center and winds up renting the kids. when a well off, got it made couple with a nice apartment and great life get the notion to adopt this idea was tailor made for them. why would they want to spoil their elegant existence with a trio of hairbrained carpet creepers? no way would people like these two need kids to make life wonderful. this movie makes it look like the real world works this way, but i am the picture of dubiety.

the cast was good, and i thought it was a good performance from christopher lloyd, whom i like from previous movies. the movie was a great family movie, nothing that would make you worry to show it to younger kids, a good story line, lots of laughs, lighthearted and enjoyable. if you want to entertain children without being bored to tears this fits the bill. kid pleasing, and not difficult for a parent to watch, either.

this movie is an extremely funny and heartwarming story about an orphanage that is in financial trouble. when the director goes on vacation, his dad agrees to step in temporarily to run things.this is positively the best work that leslie nielson has ever done. his idea in the film to rent out children is immediately innovative, and his sales techniques will definitely make you laugh.the little girl in this movie is so sweet and charming that i know i will never forget her. just make sure that you don't miss the first five minutes of the movie! such great family entertainment is so rare these days. if you go for slightly corny pictures with happy endings,go for this one! i could watch this over and over, and i often do! my only complaint about this movie is that it is so difficult to find a copy.

russ and valerie are having discussions about starting a family. the couple live in a posh apartment and run an auction business that deals with valuable collectibles. at the same time, a dedicated adoption agency owner takes a mini vacation and leaves the orphanage in the charge of his father (leslie nielsen). father harry is in the rental business and he gets the brilliant idea to "rent" some of the children of the orphanage to couples like russ and valerie. harry, who becomes aware of the couple'e dilemma, offers a family of siblings for a 10 day rental period! brandon, kyle, and molly move into the apartment with their temporary parents, with amusing consequences, as the new caretakers are inexperienced with kids. but, where is the possibility of a happy ending? this is a darling family film. the actors, including nielsen as the wheeler-dealer and christopher lloyd as the kind apartment doorman, are all wonderful. the script is snappy and fun and the overall production values quite high. yes, if only life could be this way! orphaned children everywhere deserve a chance to prove that they are lovable and can give so much joy to the parents who are considering adoption. if you want to show a film to your family that is rooted in good values but is also highly entertaining, find this movie. it is guaranteed to have everyone laughing, even as their hearts are melting.

i ran across this movie at the local video store during their yearly sidewalk sale. while scanning thousands of videos, hoping to find a few cartoon movies for sale, i came across this movie. i read the back of the movie and knew it was god's hand at work for me to purchase this movie. you see, i have a sibling group of three foster (and soon to be adopted) children living with my family. immediately my foster children made a connection with the three children starring in the movie. the movie helped them better understand their own circumstances. for the first time, also, the oldest of the sibling group (7 year old/female) decided to open up to me a little bit about her past and the trauma she had experienced. she has been fighting the entire trust issue. this is also the first time i had seen her cry. after watching the film, i asked her what it meant for a child to be adopted. she replied, "it means to be happy." a must see for families who are fostering children and are considering adoption. it certainly opened the lines of communication with us.

the kids, aged 7 to 14, got such a huge kick out of this film that we gave a copy to all of the other kids on our birthday list this year. they all loved it! kids from 2 to 7 watch it repeatedly and frequently, and we get a kick out of watching it with them.it's rare that a film entertains the kids for so long, and offers laughs for the adults, too. most enjoy it more than the first.top-quality production and an excellent cast, led by christopher showerman as a superior george--athletic, energetic, and wholly credible, with a lovable innocence and a particular knack of taking a tree in the face--well supported by the inimitable christina pickles as the evil mother-in-law, thomas haden church as the evil jerk rival, and everybody else. this is fun.

in order to rate this movie fairly you have to think about the genre it's supposed to be: children's. they had more guidelines to follow in order to make this movie (meaning it could not get away with some of the humor and or language from the 1st) taking all that in this movie was fun and enjoyable to watch. sequels usually make me nervous, however this one did pretty well for itself. knowing that it didn't have the star power of fraiser as george they capitalized on the humor and i believe showeman did pretty well as the lead. the plot being easy to follow and maybe campy at times fits well for a younger audience, if you want to watch a movie and hope for academy award honors this is not it, but if you want to watch a simple, fun, energy filled movie you would make a good choice with this one.

i loved this movie! chris showerman did an amazing job! not only is he an incredible actor, but he is gorgeous with an awesome physique! he did a great job on the delivery of his lines, plus transformed into george better than fraser did. a great performance for his first major roll! this movie is full of hilarious scenes that every child will love. my kids have watched this movie numerous times since we purchased the dvd the day it came out. in addition to the movie, the extras on the dvd are just as hilarious. two thumbs up on this one! i highly recommend it to everyone!

allow me to just get to the bottom line here: i've got 3 kids, ages 5 to 10. i consider a trip to the theater a success when there are no talking animals. i've seen most of the children's videos in our collection at least 72 times. i can tell you when the film gets reversed in the wizard of oz, the over-18 sexual joke in el dorado and the tragic flaw with the ending of rudolph the red-nosed reindeer. i could probably storyboard nemo from memory alone.what makes me support the one child of mine (it varies) who suggests this title for the family movie of an evening? in a word: showerman.moment of silence...*sigh*

if you like animal movies, this movie will please. my wife likes animals and animal movies, she especially like the parrot in this film. it is geared towards kids, but i laughed at most of the humor. the french fashion character made me laugh, and adds balance to the script. it is a disney film, with its sappy, happily, family apeal, but i like leaving the theater with a positive fealing.

i really like 101 dalmations when it came out in 1996, now 5 years later i went to see 102 dalmations in 2001, i thought it was fantastic but i think 101 is better because i think it's more funnier, more humor, and also that movie was based on the same story as the cartoon version (one hundred and one dalmations (1961) i wonder if there are plans for 103 dalmations. i hope there is, maybe yes, maybe no, all of us dalmation fans will have to find out if there is going to be 103 dalmations in the future.

i enjoyed the film and would suggest to anyone just out for a good time. don't take the film all too seriously because remember it's disney and it's rated g. it's good clean fun although some parts may be recognised by adults but children would never notice, particularly the "triangle" between cruella, le pelt, and cruella's faithful valet alonso. glenn close is fantastic and really has made cruella her own and is believably terrifying even when she is "cured" of her fur loving ways, she can instill fear in the audience with her shrills that literally shake the theater. (i even found myself jumping in my seat when she catches you by surprise with her 'bipolarity' as the dog loving ella.) all in all i will go see it again in theaters, i found myself enjoying it so much.

while this was a better movie than 101 dalmations (live action, not animated version), i think it still fell a little short of what disney could do. it was well-filmed, the music was more suited to the action, and the effects were better done (compared to 101). the acting was perhaps better, but then the human characters were given far more appropriate roles in this sequel, and glenn close is really not to be missed, as in the first movie. she makes it shine. her poor lackey and the overzealous furrier sidekicks are wonderful characters to play off of, and they add to the spectacle disney has given us. this is a great family film, with little or no objectionable material, and yet it remains fun and interesting for adults and children alike. it's bound to be a classic, as so many disney films are. here's to hoping the third will be even better still- because you know they probably want to make one. ;)

this is just as good as the original 101 if not better. of course, cruella steals the show with her outrageous behaviour and outfits, and the movie was probably made because the public wanted to see more of cruella. we see a lot more of her this time round. i also like ioan gruffudd as kevin, the rather bumbling male lead. to use paris as the climax of the movie was a clever idea. the movie is well worth watching whatever your age, provided you like animals.

i noticed at once that this movie really wasn't based on dodie smith's novel. in any case, it was a nice idea that pongo and perdita's son now had his own puppies. the cutest of the dalmatians was, of course, little snowball who was completely spotless till the very end of the film. to be honest, i didn't know what to think when cruella de vil seemed to have changed completely kind. in fact i have often thought about the possibility that she could become friendly, but now that she so quickly changed into "herself" again and announced that she was cruella once more, i almost began to be really worried about chloe's dalmatians.actually, the scene in which the puppies watched lady and the tramp while chloe and kevin had their dinner, was much better than i had expected. i also was fond of the parrot who played to be a dog, and it was incredible that the dogs had learned so many tricks for this movie. of course i was content that at the end the dalmatians were saved again, but i would have liked to know what was going to happen to cruella after she had lost her whole property. and what on earth could the dogs' home do with such a huge sum of money?finally, it was quite touching that snowball also had spots at the very end of the film.

arguably this is a very good "sequel", better than the first live action film 101 dalmatians. it has good dogs, good actors, good jokes and all right slapstick! cruella devil, who has had some rather major therapy, is now a lover of dogs and very kind to them. many, including chloe simon, owner of one of the dogs that cruella once tried to kill, do not believe this. others, like kevin shepherd (owner of 2nd chance dog shelter) believe that she has changed. meanwhile, dipstick, with his mate, have given birth to three cute dalmatian puppies! little dipper, domino and oddball...starring eric idle as waddlesworth (the hilarious macaw), glenn close as cruella herself and gerard depardieu as le pelt (another baddie, the name should give a clue), this is a good family film with excitement and lots more!! one downfall of this film is that is has a lot of painful slapstick, but not quite as excessive as the last film. this is also funnier than the last film.enjoy "102 dalmatians"! :-)

the first film was a nice one, but it is not as good as the wonderful animated classic which i found more poignant and endearing. this sequel is inferior, but not bad at all. sure the slapstick is too much, the script has its weak spots and the plot is a tad uninspired. but the dogs are very cute here, and eric idle is hilarious as the macaw. the film is nice to look at with stylish cinematography and eye popping costumes(especially cruella's), and the music is pleasant. the acting is mostly very good, ioan gruffudd is appealing and gerard depardieu while he has given better performances has fun as cruella's accomplice. but the best asset, as it was with the first film, is the amazing glenn close in a deliciously over-the-top performance as cruella, even more evil than she was previously. overall, nice. 7/10 bethany cox

in 1996's "101 dalmatians," cruella de vil was arrested by the london metropolitain police (god bless them) for attempting to steal and murder 101 puppies - dalmatians. all covered in mud and hay, she spent the next 4 years in the "tin can." now, 4 years later, she, unfortunately, was released from the jail. i say, that's about 28 years - in dog years!!!!!so, in 2000, disney decided to release a sequel to the successful live-action version of the classic film and it is hereby dubbed "102 dalmatians." in it, there is a 102nd dalmatian added to the family (oddball is the name, i think; i should know this since this was just shown on tv recently), and the puppy had no spots!!!!! also, while cruella (again played by glenn close) has escaped again, she wanted a bigger, better coat - made once again out of the puppies!!!!!i especially liked the theme song - i'm sure everybody loves the "atomic dog" song from the 70s or so. and now, we hear a bit of it in this movie!!!!!"102 dalmatians" is such a great film that i keep on wondering - when will there be a "103 dalmatians?????" lol10 stars

enormous fun for both adults and children, this film works on numerous levels: there is everything from car crashes and cake in the face to some very good (yet subtle) jokes for adults.glenn close is at her sublimely evil best as cruella (`call me ella') de ville.after three years in dr. pavlov's behaviour modification clinic she is cured of her desire for fur  even the puppy-skin fur she had so intensely desired. she even has all of her fur coats placed in the dungeon of the extraordinary castle she inhabits.but it wouldn't be a dalmatian' movie without the subterfuge and machinations of cruella and you know that something will change her behaviour modification. and now she needs one extra puppy (hence 102 dalmatians) to complete her nefarious scheme this time round.ioan gruffudd is instantly appealing as the hero of the film that runs the `second chance' dog shelter. though he was in `titanic' and in last year's television version (as pip) of `great expectations' i didn't recognize him; well, he was fifth officer lowe' in `titanic' and i didn't see `great expectations' so i am not terribly surprised.gerard depardieu does a delightful turn as the furrier-pawn of cruella. he prances and postures in the most outlandish and outrageous of fur clothing you have ever seen  and does it well. his 'wicked witch of the west' homage is hilarious.tim mcinnerny is superb is cruella's not-so-evil henchman  he was also alonzo,' cruella's butler, in `101 dalmatians' and you may also recognize him from all of the `black adder' brit-coms. he plays his usual bumbling, good-hearted, somewhat dim-witted character to great effect.oscars for costuming are generally given for the entirety of the costuming in a film. this is unfortunate as the clothing worn by glenn close is amazing  it is incredibly detailed (note her handcuffs when she is being released from the behaviour modification clinic) and worthy of such an over-the-top character. her clothing alone deserves at least an oscar nomination.animation holds a special place in my heart  but comparing this film to the original animated film is like comparing apples to orangutans: it can't be done. suffice it to say that `102 dalmatians' is even better than the film version of `101 dalmatians' that came out in 1996. there is a lot to like here: from the sight gags, the dialogue, and the costumes to the casting - it is a good film for the whole family.

tis is a farly typical tom and jerry short-a situation is designed, conflict arises and mayhem ensues. the characters behave in appropriate ways, the natural tensions between various characters leads to general chaos. the best (and funniest) part is when the peace treaty is in force and respected-all sorts of strange wonders appear before your eyes. a word of warning-it is most unwise to allow tom to help you perform your morning cleansing routine! highly recommended.

without being one of my favorites, this is good for being a change of pace... even if only for a few minutes.it all starts with a big fight between tom, jerry and spike (who is renamed "butch" here). they're all beating each other, but suddenly spike makes a heroic and admirable decision: he stops the fight and suggests that they all should be friends. so, all of them sign a peace treaty and become friends... which isn't going to last for long.meanwhile, the three become affectionate, patient and kind to each other. they even save each other when one of them is in danger of life. the relationship goes nothing but excellent, until a very big steak appears and they all become greedy. the three are guilty to return to their usual fights and rivalries.but still... to see tom, jerry and spike as friends is truly a delightful and grateful experience, even if only for a while.oh, by the way, as a curious fact, two songs from "the wizard of oz" are played here in instrumental versions: "we're off to see the wizard" and "somewhere over the rainbow".

tom the cat, jerry the mouse, and spike the dog (here called butch, his third name, his second being 'killer') decide to sign a peace treaty to all love each other. it's weird and a bit unnatural seeing them all buddy buddy like this and their friend's seem to think so too. but by the end thanks to a disagreement over a steak, everything is back to normal and all is how it should be. this short is the second one of three on the new spotlight dvd to be edited and i have no clue why this one was. this cartoon can be found on disc one of the spotlight collection dvd of "tom & jerry" my grade: b

this film seems to be well remembered as the time tom & jerry signed a peace treaty. things are idyllic for a time but, predictably, it goes sour. probably the most memorable moment was the endless fight involving a pipe, a frying pan, and a baseball bat that the two plus butch the dog engage in at the beginning and end of the short. i enjoyed one a bunch and you should try to catch it on cartoon network.

butch the peacemaker? evidently. after the violent beginning with spike, tom and jerry all swinging away at each other, butch calls a halt and wants to know why. it's a good question."cats can get along with dogs, can't they?" he asks tom, who nods his head in agreement. "mice can get along with cats, right?" jerry nods "no," and then sees that isn't the right answer.they go inside and butch draws up a "peace treaty" (complete with professional artwork!). most of the rest, and the bulk of the cartoon, is the three of them being extremely nice to one another what a refreshing change-of-pace. i found it fun to watch. i can a million of these cartoons in which every beats each other over the head.anyway, you knew the peace wasn't going to last. a big piece of steak spells the death of the "peace treaty" but en route it was nice change and still had some of usual tom & jerry clever humor.

i have seen this movie. this movie is the best according today's need. dowry in marriages is the major problem nowadays. in stating this problem this movie is the best. in this movie, the indian values are stated very well. today's youth must understand this problem. there is less population of girls. and due to this problem of dowry , the girls committed suicide. if this problem continues, then the day when there is no girl child, is not far away.so, keep in mind this statement ,today's youth must understand that we can not take dowry in marriages.we have to learn from this movie that the dowry should not be taken.and if we understand this problem then we can see the new trend in the society. this is the major change in the society.

once in a while, you come upon a movie that defines your values and shows you the true depth of human emotions leaving you drained. vivah is just that  maybe more. after watching ddlj, saajan, and lamhey, i really thought that bollywood has reached its pinnacle and will never come up with anything like that - ever. boy was i wrong! i went to the store to buy some groceries and decided to pick this movie up along with the new "don" (just so i can compare the great ab with shahrukh  although the decision is already made in my mind). after debating whether i should waste almost 3 hours on a meaningless movie i decided to watch it realizing i had nothing else to do. when i saw the rating of u instead of an a, i was happy that at least it is something where i don't have to watch scantily clad women with bad acting skills doing nothing but dancing on every opportunity they get and making out with every guy to show that they have more skills in bed than a hollywood b actress. for the first 5 minutes or so i thought i would again be subjected to meaningless story with bad acting. after all everyone who has seen shahid kapor know that he as never gained his fame as an accomplished actor. boy  was i wrong about this movie. this movie grabbed my interest after the first 5 minutes and would never let it go. it was a great movie with a good storyline about the vanishing traditions of our society. i liked not only that the director was brave enough to make a movie where younger generation might not relate to the concept (of arranged marriage), but also that he did it with a conviction (that it is the right thing to do). i have no idea why some people think that the acting was not good. i felt that the acting was great and even though the music score might not be considered the best ever, it was still very very good. the good thing is this music will grow on people with time like it did with me after the i watched that movie a second time. the other good thing is that thee songs are not pushed into the script as we have all seen in so many movies. these songs actually tell a big part of the story and are certainly a welcome addition. just like ajay devgan went from being a joke to a great actor (after company), and salman found his groove after "hum aapkey hain kaun"; this movie will help shahid kappor jump to being of the better actors and entertainers in bollywood. this is the first movie of his in which i like him and his role. he acted well and adjusted to being the nice good looking young rich kid. yes you will not find him playing basketball and scoring every point on a dunk like you saw shahrukh in ddlj (even though he is shown to be an indian in england  both countries not big on basketball by the way), he does come across as very believable as a person who holds true to his values. amrita rao, for the first time came across as someone to be remembered. in all her other movies she was competing with big faces which was actually hindering her. no one knew how good of an actress she really is until they watch this movie. some of the scenes in which she has to cry especially towards the end really shows her knowledge and depth of acting. although she has been in another movies she is most memorable in this one. i think this movie will and should do wonders for her. move over rani  there is finally another girl who if given a decent chance to work with good directors can grab the torch from you. she is beautiful with a great voice and has a face that exudes complete innocence. oh having almost 0% body fat does not hurt either (yes people i will challenge you find even 0.1% fat on her and unlike so many others like sonali she can actually act too). i thought i will never be enamored by anyone's beauty after madhuri and early kajol, but she completely changed that. shahid and amrita worked very well together and their relationship fitted their characters and they both did an excellent job (although i was waiting for shahid to turn into a girl like salman did every time he uttered "hum aapkey hain kaun"). when i finished watching this movie, it left me so emotionally drained that i decided to watch this movie again (right away). yes right away. i have never ever done that. not even with ddlj, but this movie just had something that had to be understood again and again. i will probably watch this movie a third time over the weekend just so i can watch and relive the traditions we all grew up with. i miss those times where families sat down and had fun. when parents had time for their kids and where kids respected what their parents believed in. i know a lot of people think that movie does not portray real life but deep down don't we all want it to happen. the families, thee tradition, the love and respect. this is what this movie will remind all of us of. i can assure you it is an extremely well made movie which you will enjoy. i am sure some young people will not like this movie but if you are over 28 i doubt that you will be one of them.

what can i say, i have grown up watching hum saath saath hain, hum aapke hain koun and maine pyar kiya. soraj have always been different. movies are part of our lives in evolutionary times soraj creates something thats hard to find. love and joint family that loving and great. vivah is journey for a couple that are getting arrange marriage that turns on arrange and love marriage. shahid has done fine work. anupamji as always brilliant. amrita rao quit different even though i felt that someway the other to me she doesn't suit in that role. we've seen her in ishk vishk and ab ke baras, and main ho on na. so quit different role that she isn't in to. she is been excellent in main ho on na and ishk vishk but may be she could've put little more in the role. anyways great going work by barjatya. this movie rejuvenates the values that we forgot. sweet film of the year. great music and lyrics. i am not sure if its a remake but anyways brilliant story that is original. soraj's movies have been brilliant all the way so we always expect something different from him. great work by all the cast the crew and everybody. lovely family film to enjoy with your parents, siblings, friends and love ones. i give it 10 out of 10.

one would have to be very jaded indeed not to be swept up into this gem of a film (and i've seen hundreds of hindi and bollywood movies, too). the actors, the beautiful settings, locations, and surroundings, the deep emotions portrayed, the sweet songs (especially the singing voice of udit narayan, my favorite) -- everything was just lovely. the human (imperfect) element was also woven in, to create some drama and drive the plot, as well as allowing a heartfelt resolution. alok nath is such a terrific actor, so open with the emotions of the characters he portrays, he almost steals the show from the young stars. i highly recommend this film to anyone who loves true romances -- ones that go beyond superficial beauty to real love -- as one of the best films out there, hindi or otherwise!

i watched this movie alongwith my complete family of nine. since my younger brother has recently got married, we could connect with the goings-on. the movie stands out for the classical touch given to the romance of the engaged couple. thankfully this time all indian locales like ranikhet almora etc have been used, which have been already visited by most of the urbanites, hence adding to the connection with movie. the dialogues are much better than those in the "umrao jaan ada" - a supposedly dialogue based movie. the background music is augmenting the "soft focus" of the movie. it somehow remind me of vv chopra's "kareeb", in which neha and to some extent bobby did full justice to the character. same here, in that the lead pair does not disappoint in any department-looks or acting. the supporting cast are too good. i rate the actress playing the role of bhabhi in the front league. the situations of family interactions portrayed are real and you smile when you find yourself in place of one of the characters. songs were too suiting the scenes and going along well with the movie. however, though i respect ravindra jain for his body of work from movies to ramayana, i missed ram laxman badly.it had no double entendres(sivan category), no bikinis, no intrigue, and no nonsense. you would comfortably watch the movie with your parents except if you're already or going to be soon engaged. i want to express on candid thing here that though suraj proposes that the marriages is between families and not only individuals, his approach is totally individualistic. the movie is only about prem & poonam, rest of the characters are incidental. art immitating life? the "peripheral characters" are consigned to the background and the only protagonists are the lead pair. coming back, everything was almost great. except, for the drama part. the situation of tragedy was artificially created. the outcome, the sacrifice and the ensuing heart change are not compelling at all. that is why it lacks the emotional punch-the very purpose of this turn of events. but, a twist in the tale was necessary to transcend the movie from a beautiful pre-marital video to a 'feature film'. but i kept waiting for the punch and it never came. the preaching by mohnish bahal and later by alok nath on dowry was out of place and it made things too overboard. may be this will help the movie a tax-free status. but the plot could have been made more interesting and non-linear than what it was.there were too question in my mind when the movie ended: 1 has the movie really ended? 2 has the movie ended?

this is one of the best bollywood movies i have seen up until now. family and friends feel the same way about it. this movie is really romantic and dramatic at the same time. in my opinion we need more films or movies like this to keep the south asian culture alive. shahid kapoor and amrita rao acted extremely well in this, also their couple attracts a lot of people to the movies. this is a must see movie, it's a family and romantic movie. this movie is also from the makers of hum saath saath hain and hum apke hain kon. this movie is their best right now... the setting of the movie was beautiful which also is a huge attraction. this movie is must see... recommended to everyone!!

well... vivah is quite a good, but typical sooraj barjatya's movie. it shows different aspects of indian families, wedding ceremonies, etc. the movie is more than good, but not extremely good.the big plus point of the movie is direction, music and shahid and amrita's acting (especially the last scene). the movie starts with a common factor of indian movie--- a girl being disliked by her step-mother. story is the movie is a bit common, but it is good, good enough to make the movie a blockbuster.minus point is common story of bollywood movie. overall i would say it is two times must watch movie, if you want to see typical indian family values and of-course love!

i thought this movie was really really great because, in india cinemas nowadays, all you see is skin, music, and bad acting...in this movie, you can see some tradition, ethnicity, and at least some decency...although some parts were a little dramatic, guess what? that is what indian cinema is all about! after watching this movie, at least you don't get a headache from all the loud overrated music, or any violence, its just the truth, it teaches about love, and of course caring for the person you love throughout life...i think it was an amazing movie...kids can watch it without a doubt, and adults will enjoy the simplicity that used to be india's sure profoundness...until all these rap hits, miniskirts, and skin showing became a part of it.

the film belongs to inventor - underdog genre. jake gyllenhaal, laura dern and chris cooper bring a little acting verve to story with several standard elements. well filmed, well edited, with plenty of well acted secondary roles.some have declared this movie to be classic american hokey. it is that and more. i agree with those who say "the movie celebrates the thrill of youthful inspiration." the film is a pleasant reminder that achievement may be born of ordinary roots.

in my opinion, october sky is one of the best movies of 1999...it totally has everything an emotional drama movie would need, like, wonderful story and good character interactions. october sky will remain in heart for as long as i can remember, and i just have to say a very special thanks to those who have created this film.

above-average film and acting partly spoiled by its completely predictable story line. even the music is chosen so that the words fit the action every time. a scent of "pleasantville" camp hangs around this flick. as a period piece, it's more accurate than not. its depiction of the tragedy of company towns and lack of upward mobility is sketchy but moving. chris cooper turns in a first-class performance as howard's coal-miner daddy.

this movie will kick your ass! powerful acting in a story that pushes all of us to live out our dreams. jake gyllenhaal will go places from here, and the supporting cast was superb. why would would anyone want to stay in coalville and develop black lung anyway?

i saw that movie few days ago. this movie is so great that it makes me feel that if you want something really bad that you have always dreamed about it - you can have it. this shows a big wish come true trought happiness and sadness, hopeless and failure. but if you are strong enough and your heart really belongs to something that you love you can make things different and be happy.

i can honestly say i never expected this movie to be good. i do not like family films. i am far from a fan of shahid kapoor. the director's last movie (mpkdh was complete stupidity. and the music was very boring and bland. but there was amrita rao, who has become my favorite after main hoon na. there was also seema biswas, alok nath, and anupam kher who are very talented. so a few plus points.i finally saw the movie and i was very impressed. he brings us the young lovers of mpk with a pinch of the hahk wedding, and we have a winner. the story outline is similar to hahk, light hearted in the beginning to serious mode at the end. the director also made character that you could relate to. the thing i did not like about hahk was that the characters were too eccentric. the casting adds to its perfection. shahid kapoor surprised me with a good performance. this is a major improvement, and most importantly he suits the role. the best is easily amrita rao. in fact, this is her best performance. her screen presence is so electrifying, you are bound to love her performance. sameer soni, amrutha prakash, anupam kher, alok nath and seema biswas are terrifically cast. not one actor feels out of place. the songs were quite disappointing but they will sound better after watching them. mujhe haq hai and do anjaane ajnabi are nice ballads. milan abhi aada adhura hai is also nice in watching. the songs aren't colorful and dancey, and they are more like ballads. the exception is hamari shaadi mein which is bound to remind you of hssh and hahk. so what was the flaw in the movie? the movie gets quite slow, and the ending is quite stretched. but the movie is still goes at a good pace, making it a perfect family film.

this film caught me by surprise. my friend told me that this movie was a "chick flick." boy, was he wrong! this movie has a great family appeal, with no sex scenes like _other_ movies. jake gyllenhaal does an excellent job in homer hickam's shoes. the supporting cast is great, as well.science, coming-of-age, family quarrels, a great train scene... this film has it all. the soundtrack is good, although the score is presented quite choppily. the 50s music kicks the movie over the edge of greatness.the dvd is definitely worth its weigh in coal. replay value is great - i've seen it quite a few times already.

i'm sure things didn't exactly go the same way in the real life of homer hickam as they did in the film adaptation of his book, rocket boys, but the movie "october sky" (an anagram of the book's title) is good enough to stand alone. i have not read hickam's memoirs, but i am still able to enjoy and understand their film adaptation. the film, directed by joe johnston and written by lewis colick, records the story of teenager homer hickam (jake gyllenhaal), beginning in october of 1957. it opens with the sound of a radio broadcast, bringing news of the russian satellite sputnik, the first artificial satellite in orbit. we see a images of a blue-gray town and its people: mostly miners working for the olga coal company. one of the miners listens to the news on a hand-held radio as he enters the elevator shaft, but the signal is lost as he disappears into the darkness, losing sight of the starry sky above him. a melancholy violin tune fades with this image. we then get a jolt of elvis on a car radio as words on the screen inform us of the setting: october 5, 1957, coalwood, west virginia. homer and his buddies, roy lee cook (william lee scott) and sherman o'dell (chad lindberg), are talking about football tryouts. football scholarships are the only way out of the town, and working in the mines, for these boys. "why are the jocks the only ones who get to go to college," questions homer. roy lee replies, "they're also the only ones who get the girls." homer doesn't make it in football like his older brother, so he is destined for the mines, and to follow in his father's footsteps as mine foreman. until he sees the dot of light streaking across the october sky. then he wants to build a rocket. "i want to go into space," says homer. after a disastrous attempt involving a primitive rocket and his mother's (natalie canerday) fence, homer enlists the help of the nerdy quentin wilson (chris owen). quentin asks homer, "what do you want to know about rockets?" homer quickly anwers, "everything." his science teacher at big creek high school, miss frieda riley (laura dern) greatly supports homer, and the four boys work on building rockets in homer's basement. his father, however, whose life is the mine, does not support him. john hickam (chris cooper) believes that homer shouldn't waste his time on the rockets, that the coal mines are all that matter. the coal from the mines is used to make steel, and without steel, the country would be nothing. the difficult relationship between homer and his dad is one of the most poignant relationships i have ever seen in a film. miss riley introduces homer to the idea of entering the local science fair, with a chance to go the nationals and win a college scholarship. "you can't just dream your way out of coalwood," she tells homer. homer and his friends act upon their dreams by working constantly on the rockets, improving the models with each attempt. despite the many attempts, the boys do not lose their determination. "what are the chances of us winning that science fair," o'dell asks homer in one of their more despairing moments. "a million to one," answers homer. "that good?" o'dell replies, "well, why didn't you say so?" the music, composed by mark isham, conveys sadness and hope at the same time, especially sad at a point when homer descends into the mine shaft and loses sight of the sky and his dreams of getting out of coalwood. rollicking 1950s' rock and roll, including songs by the coasters and buddy holly, occasionally pushes the instrumental pieces aside to create a light-hearted mood that contrasts the teenagers' lives with the lives of the miners. the film, photographed by fred murphy, also uses colors to set moods and symbolize. the town of coalwood, actually filmed in tennessee, is washed with blues, grays, and browns. it's as if the grime from the coal sticks to everything- faces, clothes, houses, and roads. when a couple in a gleaming red convertible stops to ask for directions from the boys, it is obvious that they are from the world outside of coalwood and the olga coal company. the book on guided missile design that miss riley gives homer is red. the red stands out enough against the blue-gray world of coalwood to symbolize "getting out", but it is still subtle. the reds are fleeting hints of a world that homer only dreams of. jake gyllenhaal expresses such zeal, hope, and pertinacity as homer hickam that it is hard to believe he isn't the real homer we see in actual footage at the end of the film. chris cooper is also extraordinarily believable as homer's stubborn father, who doesn't recognize, or just doesn't want to admit, that the mine is not producing enough to keep the town alive. homer, and everyone who encourages him in his rocket-building, is aware that the town is dying. with the community disintegrating, the only way they stay together is by gathering for the rocket boys' demonstrations. again, i'm sure things didn't happen exactly as the movie portrayed them, but what would a movie be without a bit of idealism? "october sky" has just enough of that to make it a great motion picture and enough rawness to keep it real.

maybe not the most original way of telling a story, we've seen all this before in many movies.. but.. i liked it october sky alot anyways. it got something, great directing and good acting by all parts, especially laura dern(the teacher) and chris cooper(the father). i wanna be a rocket-engineer!:)

i watched this film without knowing anything about it whatsoever and found it similar thematically to billy elliott (2000). both films are based around a troubled father/son relationship. in both films, the son does not want to follow his father down the mines and dreams of a better life away from their home town. both sons face derision by their classmates and both have a strong female role model who teaches them.the major difference that i found between the films was that october sky was an infinitely more interesting and touching film. laura dern puts in a moving performance and chris cooper plays the disapproving father very well as he went on to do in american beauty (1999). joe johnston surprised me with his subtle directing, very different from his other directorial features such as jumanji (1995) and jurassic park iii (2001).

this film was absolutely brilliant!! every performance in this film is excellent, especially jake gyllenhaal and chris cooper. it looks like mr gyllenhaal will have a huge film career if this is anything to go by. i thought that joe johnston was an odd choice as director as he is usually associated woth big budget blockbusters(jumanji, honey i shrunk the kids). he pulls of every scene with sheer class. my favourite scene was where homer is going down the mineshaft and looking at the sky, going down, as all of his dreams were, it was beautiful. joe johnston should direct more of these brilliant, acting driven films as well as his big budget blockbuster faire, which is also excellent. kudos!! to all involved in this masterpiece!

the acting in this movie was superb. as an amateur rocketeer, i found very few mistakes. as a human being, it touched my heart and soul. to watch the actors, you would think that they are the actual characters. laura dern, a favorite actress of mine, left nothing out of her performance. the young actors playing the rocket boys showed talent beyond their years, especially young homer. homer's father inspired that eternal love/hate relationship between a father and son so that it felt real. if you don't get a lump in your throat or shed a tear when that first successful rocket goes up or when father and son come to terms, then get your pulse checked (you may be dead).

my wife did not realize what a gem this movie was when she picked it up. it is a story that shows real world success through hard work and determination.that is so refreshing in a world of violent movies not that i dis-like them), but you have to love a movie that succeeds without it.

october sky is a highly lauded movie, and it¡¦s easy to see why. the story is easy to comprehend and many turning points are gripping, the actors and actresses do fairly good jobs, especially jake gyllenhaal and chris cooper, the hero finally gets what he wants, and it¡¦s a true story. frankly i think the director¡¦s achievement is not comparable to the sparks and heat the original story generates. we don¡¦t see any special narrative or cinematography; the power of the movie relies much on the riveting plot and tough situation the young hero is trapped in that most audience will find themselves identify with the characters. we feel homer¡¦s desire to earn his father¡¦s recognition and create his own future, and his resilience wins our respect. ¡§october sky¡¨ reminds me of a later 2001 japanese production of mini series ¡§rocket boy,¡¨ which might owe some of the inspiration from this movie. actually these two works shot from two different cultures provide interesting comparison. when october sky unfolds a story of a young man crying out loud to claim his right over his own destiny, ¡§rocket boy¡¨ offers a more compromised description that could sometimes constitute an acrid criticism of modern society. starring the outstanding actor yuji oda, ¡§rocket boy¡¨ focuses on three men as ordinary as can be: a travel agent who has a dream of becoming an astronaut, a boastful advertising agent who is on the brink of being torn apart by his inferiority complex resulted from the extreme success of his father and older brother (like what homer feels in his family), and a food company employee who is about to getting married but scared of this idea. the collected social consciousness superimposes its definition of success on its constituents and steps further to force them suffocate their dreams by claiming them ¡§impossible.¡¨ to compensate for his lost ideal, kobayashi (yuji) works in the tour operator because it¡¦s called ¡§galaxy.¡¨ when his client fails him and his girlfriend decides to leave him, he finally finds strength from his father¡¦s words, who had determined to be a sailor but later found life on the sea less attractive as he had presumed. ¡§but i don¡¦t regret it,¡¨ his father told kobayashi, ¡§at least i tried.¡¨ it is his father¡¦s confession that encourages him to resign his job and apply for astronautships despite the fact that he hurts his legs and needs to move around on a wheelchair. kobayashi¡¦s effort finally fails, and he goes back to the travel agency. but his ¡§crazy¡¨ courage inspires his friends, and everyone loves him more. just before the end of the series, kobayashi is on the job as a guide of a space camp meant to let children learn more about astronauts. after the tour is over we see him leaning against a tree, unfolding a sheet of poster he tears from the bulletin board that says: ¡§astronauts wanted for 2004.¡¨ kobayashi looks at the piece of paper and laughs and laughs, just like a kid looking at his ticket to disneyland. kobayashi may never get what he wants, but he dares his destiny and ¡§just does it.¡¨ this series is so heart-gripping not because the hero exhibits any heroic deeds, but his ordinariness and unstoppable urge to realize his dream which make us wonder and envy. unlike dilbert or other sarcastic writings, this show enlightens us and teaches us something. homer and kobayashi both have the dream, and they do what they can despite other people¡¦s opinions. i recommend other imdb users to see the japanese tv series. if you are a nine-to-fiver, you will feel more touched. i feel sorry that imdb doesn¡¦t have its data, maybe you can ask somebody from japan to help you.

i loved october sky. the thing i loved most had to be the music. it worked two ways: in the first hour of the film, it gives the viewer a time-frame. this is done by playing songs from the late fifties. in the second hour, an instrumental score takes over. the music now fits the mood of the film perfectly.i did not only enjoy the music, i also quite enjoyed the cast. jake gyllenhaal as homer hickam was especially a surprise for me. he gave off a first-class performance, as did chris owen (quentin) and chris cooper (john hickam).i've seen this movie about escaping the life already laid out for you twice now, and both times i thoroughly enjoyed myself.

i grew up in southern west virginia; i'm about the same age as (or maybe a year older than) homer hickam, author of "the rocket boys," the book forming the true-story basis of this heart-warming film.and so i relate closely to the west virginia coal-mining theme, and to the stunning effect sputnik had at that time (october 4, 1957) on all of us. the rocket boys went on to make great lives for themselves. i went on to get my degrees in physics and computer engineering. all because sputnik woke up a lot of young people to the "science gap" the u.s.s.r. had on the u.s. in those cold war days...this is a wonderful film for everyone, of all ages. but if you grew up in west virginia in the late 1950's, it'll touch the core of your being.everyone: get it; watch it; recommend it to your friends... who'll thank you many times.

suraj barjatya is best in movies on marriage. and here he is; back to his basics on vivaah. as the story goes this is a story from engagement to marriage. a movie you can watch with your entire family around you. a movie you will hate watching alone. the story is simple, but the music is good, cinematography is excellent, direction is best, everything about the movie has a class of its own. there are a lot of scenes which will make you cry and am sure if you are watching the movie with your sweetheart, you both are definitely going to hold each others hand till the end of the movie.shahid & amrita jodi has given us hit movies earlier like ishq vishq, & shikhar. though shikhar was a good movie it wasn't accepted well by the public.a truly shahid & amrita film.

a true wholesome american story about teenagers who are interested in launching their own rocket in a rural west virginia coal mining town, after the launch of sputnik in 1957.through trial, tribulations and perseverance beyond belief, they are ultimately able to achieve their goals.jake gyllenhaal, as the leader of the group, is excellent in the title role. as his motivating science teacher, laura linney is quite good but her southern accent is over the top.there is a standout supporting performance by chris cooper, a head miner, who wants his son to follow in his footsteps, but gradually comes around at film's end.what makes this film so unusual for our times is that there are no bed-hopping scenes and no profanity whatsoever. it is the epitome of an american story that is well done.besides the science angle, we have the father-son disagreement, football scholarships as a way to escape coal mining, and the loving spirit of family.why aren't pictures like this recognized more at award times?

based on fact, this is the story of a teenager named homer hickam (jake gyllenhaal), growing up in a coal town in west virginia where a boy's usual destiny was to "end up in the mines." but homer had his eye on the sky and a love for flying rockets, to the dismay of his mine-foreman father, and the consternation of the townsfolk generally. a misfit for sure, he and three of his equally outcast buddies begin making rockets, which they fly from a patch of barren land eight miles out of town, so as to no longer terrorize the community with their oft-times errant rockets. unfortunately, most of the town and especially homer's father (chris cooper) thinks that they are wasting their time. however, the people become intrigued and soon start coming out in droves to watch the 'rocketboys' send off their homemade missiles. only one teacher (laura dern) in the high school understands their efforts and lets them know that they could become contenders in the national science fair with college scholarships being the prize. now the gang must learn to perfect their craft and overcome the many problems facing them as they shoot for the stars. director joe johnston has always been a famous name for his movies such as jumanji & jurassic park 3 & "october sky" surely stands above all of his other films. without any doubts, "october sky" is his best effort & obviously his best film. it's not only a true story filmed extremely well, but even as a movie, it has every single thing, which is required for a top level cinema. and along with johnston's extra-ordinary direction, are some exceptional performances. jake gyllenhaal was around 19, when this movie was released & he gives a beautiful & natural performance. he is a perfect actor. chris cooper as his father, also gives a very fine performance. the same goes for laura dern & also she looks beautiful. even the rest of the performances are extremely well. the background score was fine. highly inspiring movie, which lifts up your spirit sky high. one of those movies which definitely inspires you for all of your life. an amazing inspiring movie along with loads of entertainment. not to be missed.

i think i read this someplace: joe johnston (director of the film and also one of the guys who founded industrial light and magic for work on the first star wars film) and one of his producers or something were racking their brains for a title for the movie, "rocket boys" (i guess) was lacking something.one day they were messing with a pc program that forms words from other words (ie: you type in a word or series of words and it mixes the letters up and forms other words) i think the technical term is an "anagram"anyway, they typed in "rocket boys" and sure enough what comes back is "october sky". they were shocked to say the least. the title summed up everything in the movie since the movie revolves around sputnik. at first homer jr did not like the idea, but he warmed up to it after the "movie poster paperback novel" came out and took off.

i just accidentally stumbled over this film on tv one day. it was aired in the middle of the day on a channel not exactly famous for airing good movies. this one, however, was nothing less then good.october sky tells the true story of homer hickam, a boy inspired by the sputnick launch to become a rocket scientist. he and his friends begin to build rockets. his father is not to happy about his sons new found hobby and would rather see him become a coal-miner as himself or go to college on a football-scholarship like his brother.the story is well written. a bit too predictable maybe, but that's ok cause it doesn't focus too much on those parts of the story. it's important part, but where this is obvious the inner action, the action between the characters is focused on. the story is good. it has some clichés, but that's ok. it's based on actual event's so you kind of can't just drop out these clichés. the characters are really good. where the story is on a downhill the characters are brought out and manage to keep the action and the quality of the movie high. you get to know these characters and you get sympathy for them. they are well written and believable.this is a good looking movie. the sets and the 50's style is thorough and the pictures are well composed and well lit. this all sets the mood of the film very good.the acting is really good. jake gyllenhaal delivers a great performance as homer hickam and chris cooper is good as john hickam. as for the rest of the cast they are good too. all together this makes out a pretty strong cast.all in all i'm glad i caught this movie. it was first after seeing it i learned that it was based on actual events. if i had known that when seeing it, it would probably just be even more interesting. october sky is a good and interesting movie. it's a movie i believe everyone can enjoy. it's kind of a feel-good movie. not bad at all!

i have recently seen this movie due to jake's recent success with brokeback mountain. i figured i would see the movies that i missed. i had no expectations going into the film so was astounded that i had missed this movie at all. it's a gripping father and son tale, and it is also an underdog story. i even shed a tear at the finale of this wonderful tale. this movie appeals to all ages. the only reason i give it a 9 out of 10 is that it slows down a little in the middle, but it comes back strong in the end. the acting was great, the story was magnificent, and the cinematography was captivating given the setting of the film. go see this movie! rent it, buy it, watch it, love it! i know i did!

there is a bit of trivia which should be pointed out about a scene early in the movie where homer watches the attempt of december 6, 1957 (at least that was the video used on the tv he was watching) which showed the vangard launch attempt, which failed.he is next shown reading or dictating a letter to dr. von braun offering condolences about the failure.von braun was at marshall space flight center in huntsville working for the army. the vanguard project was by the early nasa team which was at what soon became goddard space flight center.the army rushed the jupiter-c, which was essentially a us made v2 technology, but worked to launch a satellite in response to russia's success with sputnik.this error may have actually been made by homer, because of the notoriety of von braun, but his team didn't have their attempt fail. in fact the underlying redstone was flying from 52 and was the first us man rated booster, used for shepard's sub orbital flight, as well as grissom's.this is why this sort of movie is so good, as it hopefully will inspire people to read up and spot these bits of trivia, and in the process see what has been done, and be inspired to do more.

i first saw jake gyllenhaal in jarhead (2005) a little while back and, since then, i've been watching every one of his movies that arrives on my radar screen. like clive owen, he has an intensity (and he even resembles owen somewhat) that just oozes from the screen. i feel sure that, if he lands some meaty roles, he'll crack an oscar one day...that's not to denigrate this film at all.it's a fine story, with very believable people (well, it's based upon the author's early shenanigans with rocketry), a great cast  chris cooper is always good, and laura dern is always on my watch list  with the appropriate mix of humor, pathos, excitement...and the great sound track with so many rock n roll oldies to get the feet tapping.but, this film had a very special significance for me: in 1957, i was the same age as homer hickham; like him, i looked up at the night stars to watch sputnik as it scudded across the blackness; like homer also, i experimented with rocketry in my backyard and used even the exact same chemicals for fuel; and like homer, i also had most of my attempts end in explosive disaster! what fun it was...i didn't achieve his great (metaphorical and physical) heights though. but, that's what you find out when you see this movie.sure, it's a basic family movie, but that's a dying breed these days, it seems. take the time to see it, with the kids: you'll all have a lot of good laughs.

a simple and effective film about what life is all about, responding to challenges. it took a lot of gall for homer and his friends to be able to grow into manhood without falling in the trap of a prefabricated future that runs from father to son, to be a miner in the local mine and never get out of that fate. it took also three different challenges for homer and his friends to conquer a personal and free future. the challenge of the first ever man-made artificial satellite, sputnik 1, a soviet satellite, a milestone in human history, a turning point that homer and his friends could not miss, did not want to miss. then the challenge of science and applied mechanics to calculate and to devise a rocket from scratch or rather from what they could gather in books and order in their minds. finally the challenge of a world that resists and refuses and tries to force you back into the pack, even with an untimely accident that forces you to get back into the pack for plain survival necessity, and even then homer proved he had the guts to accept the challenge that was blocking for a while his own plans and dreams. but there is another side of the story that the film does not emphasize enough. homer is the carrier of the project but he is also the carrier of the inspiration he and his friends need. if he is the one who is going to get the university scholarship, because his friends gave him precedence, his friends will also be able to get on their own roads and tracks and step out of the mining fate, thanks to the energy his inspiring example sets in front of their eyes. it is hard at times not to follow the example of the one who is like a beacon on a difficult road. but the film is also effective to show how the father resisted this dream because for him science was not the fabric of a true man, like mining or football. the working class fate that was so present in those 1950s and 1960s and still is present in some areas is too often enforced by the traditional thinking of the father. if the mother does not have the courage to speak up one day, the working class fate i am speaking of becomes a tremendous trap. here too the film is effective and it should make some parents think. this might have been the fourth challenge homer had to face: the challenge of taking a road that was not the one pointed at and programmed by his own father.dr jacques coulardeau, university paris dauphine & university paris 1 pantheon sorbonne

i resisted seeing this movie and i understand why it was not a big hit in theatres. "october sky" feels and looks oh so familiar. and it is. all plot contrivances and emotions have been explored before in other films -- and possibly even better. but despite it's familiarity and resistance to all formulas hollywood, this movie is winning and likeable at every turn. sputnik is the inspiration for this journey of the heart, mind and soul. just as the characters from steven sondheim's musical merrily we roll along stood agape atop their apartment roof hoping it would launch their new generation ("what do you call it? you call it a miracle."), sputnik has a similar affect on the young rocket boys of this true tale. while jaded townsfolk of their 1950's coal town dismiss the event, homer hickham sees sputnik as his ticket out of a life in the mines.masterful direction and casting make the journey of rocket boy homer and his pals seem fresh and new. especially affecting are subplots concerning homer's ailing young school teacher. remarkable restraint is shown in depicting their delicate relationship. also remarkable is the father / son supblot that anchors the film. perfectly played all around. even homer's mom gets her moment without cliche or intrusion. her ultimatum to her husband is both dignified and heatbreaking. "myrtle beach" says it all. a major video chain i despise has a sign next to this film stating that you'll love this film or they'll refund your money. for once, i agree with them. you'll never look at the october sky quite the same again.

there is an old saying that relates to the rousing new film by joe johnston that goes something like this: "the man who thinks he can and the man who thinks he can't are both right." that is a highly presumptuous statement referring to self motivating and belief in an individual, which, in this movie, stand true even after road blocks and family trouble stand in the way."october sky" is about a young man who believes in himself named homer hickam, growing up in a strict, traditional family in the 1950's. homer loves in a small coal mining town where nearly every man grows up to be a miner. all of his friends, quentin, roy, and o'dell all think that their life after high school will be like everyone else's. homer is not exited about that future.one night, while everyone stares at the sky, a russian space craft called sputnik passes overhead. this is something new for homer, and he finds it spectacular and overwhelming. from this point on, his look at life will never be the same.first, he tells everyone that he wants to work in the rocket scientist area for an occupation. flabbergasted at what he says, his family passes that idea over their heads and continues with life as usual his friends, however, think that this idea may have some potential. after all, quentin is a very smart individual when it comes to this kind of thing.when the four friends start to test model rockets, and blow a white picket fence to smithereens, then what seems to be a forest fire is scared by them, they're forced to end their progresses.the performances in this movie are absolutely riveting from start to finish. all of the actors give performances as if this is the real mumbo jumbo here. standing out in all of the glory: laura dern as miss riley. this very well may be academy award material if the judges can remember back to the beginning of the year when this film is released.the characters are also extremely well developed. not only to the filmmakers give clear, apparent reason why homer is interested in the subject, but they also explain to the audience how they are succeeding in their studding of rocketry. we clearly understand all of the characters' motives and beliefs, especially the father, who is bent over on everlasting tradition.the film, unfortunately, loses some of its momentum at mid-point because of a silly, recycled romantic sub-plot involving homer's love interest and how his brother stole her from him. this type of this is becoming so awfully common in high-school movies, not that this film is aimed at high-schoolers. the actors stare at each other mindlessly, like the are in a trance. i put up with it without complaining in 1997's "inventing the abbots," but i have had just about enough this.but that is just a minor complaint. with an authentic looking time period, cinematography worth an oscar and clips of the real life homer and friends at the end, whom all hit it big with their dreams, especially homer, this is the first great film of 1999.

i had lost faith in sooraj r. barjatya after the movie main prem ki deewani hoon, then a year back now i saw promos for vivah which looked good. but i didn't want to waste my hard earned money watching it in cinema. when the film first came out on dvd i rented it and watched and i loved the movie and took back my words for sooraj. i just finished watching it yesterday again and this time i thought i have to review this movie. sooraj r. barjatyagot it right this time, okay i was not a huge fan of hum app ke hai kaun. but i have always loved manie pyar kiya, after manie pyar kiya to me i think vivah is barjatyas best work. i hardly ever cry in a movie but this movie made me feel like crying. if you have ever been in love before then there will be many moments that will touch you in this movie, the movie is just too sweet and will have you falling in love with it, my view a much underrated movie.the story of this movie you might call desi and very old times, but to me it seemed modern because the two couples which are getting an arrange marriage are aware it's an old tradition. it's done in present times, lots of people don't believe in this arrange marriage, but i do. the journey between the engagement and wedding which will always be special and this movie shows it clearly. when prem meets poonam for the first time, they show it how it is and that's reality and my parents where saying that's how they got married and it showed it in a way which is so real yes people the way prem and poonam meet in this movie is how most marriages happen. it was a very sweet, you feel nervous yet excited, the song "do ajnabe" shows that very well. getting back to the story yes it's a journey which you soon get glued to between prem and poonam (shahid kapoor and amrita rao) and there families. a twist occurs in this movie which is really good, the last 30mins you all will be reaching for the tissue box.what makes this film so amazing is the chemistry between prem and poonam, how they fall for each other is too sweet. simple boy and simple girl, when they first meet during and after the song "do anjane ajnabe" it's very sweet to watch, she hardly says anything and prem does all the talking being honest with her about his past and the girl he liked and him smoking. then it leads on to them all having a family trip and then that's when they really do fall for each other. it makes you just want to watch the couple and watch all the sweet moments they have. another factor is that poonam chichi is really mean to her and you feel sorry for poonam because she has been treated bad and makes you want to see her happy and when she finally finds happiness, you too start feeling happy with her the movie basically makes you fall in love with poonam more then just prem. when she finds happiness through prem you want her to stay happy and also hope nothing goes wrong because the character is shown as a sweet simple girl. which brings me to performances and amrita roa as poonam is amazing in the movie, her best work till date you will fall in love with this innocent character and root her on to find happiness. shahid kapoor as prem is amazing too, he is poonam support in the film, he is her happiness the movie, together they share an amazing chemistry and i have never seen a cuter couple since srk and kajol. if ishq vishk didn't touch you to telling you how cute they are together this surely will. "mujhe haq hai" the song and before that is amazing chemistry they show. scenes which touched me was when prem takes poonam to his room and shows her that's where they will be staying and he opens her up and they have a moment between them which is too sweet. again if you have ever been in love with someone that much these scenes you can defiantly connect to. the film is just the sweetest thing you will see ever.the direction is spot on, to me a good movie is basically something that can pull me in and stop me believe for this hours what is being seen here is fake and there is a camera filing them. to me this film pulled me in and for those three hours i felt really connected to the movie. the songs you will only truly like when you have seen the movie as they are songs placed in the situation after i saw the movie i been playing the songs non stop! the music is amazing, the story is simply amazing too what more can i ask for?what i can finally say it, rarely do we get a movie that makes us feel good, this movie after you have seen it will make you feel really good and make you want to be a better person. its basically the sweetest journey ever, its basically showing you they journey between engagement and marriage and many people say it's the bestest part of your lifewell this movie actually shows you way do people actually say that? why do people actually say that the journey is just that amazing! watch this movie and you will find out why the journey is amazing!

this is a gem, a real piece of americana for all that this implies. if you are self programed to resist "life-afirming" stories, just stay away and leave the pleasure to the rest of us who still believe. and what makes the frosting on the cake truly delectable is that it is fact based on a real rags to riches story, no need to nit-pick what details were changed to make a compact story. chris cooper is one of the greatest living actors, and the complex, self-conflicted, bottom-line good at the core father he portrayed could only be pulled off successfully by someone with his skill and insight. the simple minded comments, refusing to accept a father who tries to lay down the law all the while sensing that he may possibly be off-track, expose the limitation of the commentator, not the writers or the acting. this is not for the cynical, or the simple minded.

i was watching this when my wife called to inquire from the other room as to my choice of fare. my comment? "i am watching my life!"though younger, but only by 5 years or so, than the "rocket boys" i remember the absolute urgency with which sputnick was greeted by our administrators of education and how the whole science fair thing gained momentum and took me and others into the competitive whirlwind. my own tornado landed me in my own state's science fair, in physics by '62, though our group was less successful in gaining the support of, for example, firefighters we approached for guidance and counsel until after a tragic event, our city went so far as to allow us to tour the nike missile site on chicago's lakeshore.this movie brought it all back for me and i will bet that it brought it all back for a bunch of us "ubernerds" of the late '50s and early 60's.we are in a similar science brain drainage period now and really need this movie as a country. see it!

this is a fine drama and a nice change of pace from today's more hectic and loud films. it is another solid based-on-a-true store, which still means much of it could be made up for dramatic purposes. frankly, i don't know but i liked the story.the story is about a young man back in the fifties who gets interested in rocketry and wants to enter that field instead of working in the coal mines as everyone else, including his father, does in this west virginia town. the big problem is the conflict it causes between the boy and his father, which i think was overdone. i would like to have a little less tension between the two.the young man, still a boy, is played by jake gyllenhaal, one of his first staring assignments, i think. he's likable, as are his school buddies in here. it's nice to see nice kids in a modern-day film. the two other key actors in the movie are chris cooper (the dad) and laura dern (the kid's teacher who encourages him all the time.)the cinematography is decent the 1950s soundtrack is fun to hear. once again: i wish there more of these kind of films made today.

1.) this movie was amazing! i watched it while i was in the town next to the one where he grew up! i went and saw the buildings that the story took place in. overall, i loved this movie, one of jake gyllenhaal's best!! also- my favorite parts were the science fair, and all the times with his father. they were so sad, it seemed. homer wanted to follow his dream and his dad didn't seem to care one way or another. that tag line is true. "sometimes one dream is bright enough to light up the sky." 2.) the way this movie was shot was impeccable, it was all so believable that it could have been recorded during the 1950's. dress was accurate and they had their slang down too. definitely recommend this movie!

"october sky" is a film that will steal your heart, fill your mind with vivid imagery, and lift your spirit. the tale of homer hickham and his dream of creating a rocket seem so simple at first, especially when the film is set in a mining town, where the future is as clear cut as the lumps of coal in the mine. but homer cannot follow in his father's footsteps. with the encouragement of miss riley,(a friendly teacher), members of his father's staff, and his friends, homer attempts to make his dream a reality.yet as in any true to life story, there are many stops along the way. director joe johnston lowers us into the coal mines, where we witness the chilling plight of miners stooped beneath a ceiling of rock. with lit helmets and bent posture, they resembled alien insectoids more than humans in the darkness. the hacking coughs of the miners and the blackened faces were a constant reminder of the danger the miners faced in their work.contrasting the mine shaft's lugubrious load are the images of homer and his friend's rocket launches. underneath the blue bowl of sky, rockets are placed upon a pad and launched into the stratosphere...and nothing can match the scene when homer sees sputnik for the first time.yet what makes the film so endearing is the relationship between the characters. homer's father is a classic hardened man...but he has a soft side as well. we see that he does love his son, despite their many arguments. the love and support of miss riley is evident as well. best of all, the film is uncomfortable. it doesn't tie everything up in a nice bow. it tears at you, lifts you up. it keeps an air of reality, which is important in a film like this.this film can be considered a complete work. at first, i was disappointed that the film did not continue with homer's life. i didn't want it to end. then i realized...that's what a good film does to a person. if it has done its job, you won't want it to end. and "october sky" accomplishes just that.

this is an amazing movie and all of the actors and actresses and very good! even though some of the actors and actresses weren't very popular in show business it seemed like they have been acting since they were 1 one year old! it was funny, gross and just all out a very good movie. in most parts i just didn't know what was going to happen next! i was like i think this is going to happen, wait i think this is going to happen. all age groups will love this movie! in some parts i couldn't stop laughing, it was so funny, but in some parts i was totally grossed out and i couldn't believe what i was seeing! i am definitely going to see this movie again! it is one of those movies where it can't get boring. every time you see it is so suspenseful. i definitely recommend seeing this movie!!

so we compromised. this was a fairly charming film, i liked the art direction (it felt far more "real" than most kids movies), and the costumes weren't too cutesy. the child actors were not bad to watch (the adult performances trended toward cheesy). it was great that they showed how a bullied kid bullies others as well as kids standing up to bullying.i don't know how many grown ups would want to see this for themselves, but it's a great film to take a kid to. and since "barnyard" was apparently attended by 100+ kids at the same time, i'm really glad we picked the sparsely attended showing of "worms" instead.

let's keep it simple: my two kids were glued to this movie. it has its flaws from an adult perspective, but buy some jelly-worms and just enjoy it. and the pepsi girl was excellent!and kimberly williams was pretty gosh-darned hot, although she's not in the film very much, so don't get too excited there.not that's it's really a bad thing, but it is the kind of movie you watch just once. don't buy the dvd.enjoy!did i mention kimberly williams? (that was for the dads.)

i read the book in 5th grade and now a few years later i saw the movie. there are a few differences: 1.billy was oringinally suppose to eat 15 worms in 15 days, not 10 worms in one day by 7:00pm.2.billy is suppose to get 30 dollars after he's eaten all the worms. in the movie after billy eats all the worms, joe has to go to school with worms in his pants.3. joe is suppose to fake some of the worms but in the movie, he doesn't at all.even though there are changes,this movie is still one that kids will enjoy.

this is a good movie, a good family movie to watch if you have nothing else to do. if you are expecting this movie to be word to word from the book, you will be very very disappointed. i was somewhat disappointed because i read the book a few times when i was in elementary school.this is about a new kid in town named billy. he makes a bet with the school bully and the bet is not like most bets. billy has to eat 10 worms in one day or the bully wins.the acting is ok, probably the worst part of the movie. the kid actors over exaggerate on many things. they think it's apocalypse if billy does not eat the worms. hallie eisenberg did a magnificent job, though.the plot line is good as a movie, but it sucks as a book adaptation. i was able to watch this movie without looking at the time....sometimes.overall, this was a good family movie with some weak points. i rate this movie 7/10.

vivah is in my book the best movie of 2006 ! period !!. in my book it is one of the best 100 movies ever made in bollywood. its sad that this movie doesn't have that many reviews and isn't having that much popularity. vivah is once again a true achievement from a director who does it again. after hahk and maine pyar kiya sooraj has once again pulled off a brilliant one vivah. this is the most simple and cute movies that i've seen this year. after seeing don 2 which was crap and later dhoom 2 which even beat don in that matter, i finally see a movie which is so close to my heart and my culture.i don't know why bollywood is moving away from the beautiful culture which we have and are making hollywood remake style crap movies like dhoom 2 and don. the story is beautiful and relates much to the indian system of arranged marriage which i too would like to be a part of. our system which teaches us to obey elders, follow them and of course obey their thoughts is so brilliantly shown in this movie!. of course there isn't any force in choosing your life partner and it should be a brief meeting between the couple and its up to them to decide as it is brilliantly shown in this movie. coming back to the movie.....vivah is a story of journey between the beautiful period of engagement and marriage. the phase where the guy meets the girl !....both understand each other ..both try to assess if they could love each other for seven generations (as our system says) and the various which occur during marriages.amrita rao is brilliant in the movie.......shahid is ok.....and alok nath and anupam kher are awesome !! the songs are brilliant. ! i especially like the hamari shaadi main hafte reh gye chaar and do anjaane ajnabi ......overall a must see for anyone who still believes in the indian culture and tradition and i certainly do !.go see this movie......i just have to say one word.......bliss !.

saw this today with my 8 year old. i thought it was cute. i agree with the other poster that it wasn't anything like the book that i can remember, but we still enjoyed it. all of the kids are pretty good and all in all pretty entertaining. billy is the new kid who accepts a dare by the school bully to eat 10 worms in a day. if he loses he has to walk down the hall at school with worms in his pants. the beginning of the movie is set up to show that billy has a very weak stomach and pukes at almost anything. hilarity ensues with a bunch of different way to cook the worms. good message about standing up to bullies and of course, a sappy happy ending.

i really liked the movie. i remember reading it several times as a kid and was glad to see a movie had been made about the book.i was kid-sitting for a boy and a girl, ages 11 and 8 and had to talk the girl in to seeing the movie. but happily, at the end, she was glad she saw it and even said that she wanted to buy it on dvd as soon as it came out.there were some great laugh-out-loud moments and the movie was not as "gross" as i expected it would be ... tho it did rank pretty high up there on the gross-o-meter ...the only thing i cannot figure out is why they had to have the "dilly" line in there that was done by woody in reference to his private part ... that to me was the only shocker moment (and you could hear the adults in the audience audibly gasp at that moment in the movie) ... i have no clue why that was put in the movie; it added nothing to the actual movie except for that shock/gasp factor ... other than that, a pretty good movie. nice to see the "pepsi" girl all grown up.

it's a weekend i've been watched this funny film. and i really like it. all the kids are cute, who remind me of my own childhood with those stupid thinking. it's a real entertaining movie for a group of families at weekend night, which could make lots of memories and laughters. kid's humor always work. nice acting as well. simple story but cool shooting. nice job for directer to find the kid's way. when it comes to the kid movie, i think of "12 and holding". another one this year but differed aspect to the kid's world, which is real and cruel. awesome work. h2efw focuses on the happy side of childhood, which every kid and family need. p.s. twitch, i think, is the voice of nemo from "finding nemo".

it's a strange feeling to sit alone in a theater occupied by parents and their rollicking kids. i felt like instead of a movie ticket, i should have been given a nambla membership.based upon thomas rockwell's respected book, how to eat fried worms starts like any children's story: moving to a new town. the new kid, fifth grader billy forrester was once popular, but has to start anew. making friends is never easy, especially when the only prospect is poindexter adam. or erica, who at 4 1/2 feet, is a giant.further complicating things is joe the bully. his freckled face and sleeveless shirts are daunting. he antagonizes kids with the death ring: a crackerjack ring that is rumored to kill you if you're punched with it. but not immediately. no, the death ring unleashes a poison that kills you in the eight grade.joe and his axis of evil welcome billy by smuggling a handful of slimy worms into his thermos. once discovered, billy plays it cool, swearing that he eats worms all the time. then he throws them at joe's face. ewww! to win them over, billy reluctantly bets that he can eat 10 worms. fried, boiled, marinated in hot sauce, squashed and spread on a peanut butter sandwich. each meal is dubbed an exotic name like the "radioactive slime delight," in which the kids finally live out their dream of microwaving a living organism.if you've ever met me, you'll know that i have an uncontrollably hearty laugh. i felt like a creep erupting at a toddler whining that his "dilly dick" hurts. but fried worms is wonderfully disgusting. like a g-rated farrelly brothers film, it is both vomitous and delightful.writer/director bob dolman is also a savvy storyteller. to raise the stakes the worms must be consumed by 7 pm. in addition billy holds a dark secret: he has an ultra-sensitive stomach.dolman also has a keen sense of perspective. with such accuracy, he draws on children's insecurities and tendency to exaggerate mundane dilemmas.if you were to hyperbolize this movie the way kids do their quandaries, you will see that it is essentially about war. freedom-fighter and freedom-hater use pubescent boys as pawns in proxy wars, only to learn a valuable lesson in unity. international leaders can learn a thing or two about global peacekeeping from fried worms.at the end of the film, i was comforted when two chaperoning mothers behind me, looked at each other with befuddlement and agreed, "that was a great movie." great, now i won't have to register myself in any lawful databases.

i sat with my children as we watched this film. we all found it to be a very entertaining movie.when billy goes to a new school, a fifth grade bully starts stuff with him and this is what leads to the eating of worms.a bet is made and billy has only so much time to eat 10 worms or else. from this point the bully and his friends try to come up with nasty ways to cook, fry or bake the worms to try and get billy sick so that he will lose the bet.billy stays strong and eats his way into becoming liked more and more by everyone, even the bullies friends.i wont tell you if he wins the bet or not...you will just need to watch it to find out but i will think that if you like good family movies you will like this one.p.s. let me add that this movie is not just for boys, i have all daughters and they really liked it a lot.

watching the commercials for this movie, i was fairly convinced that i was going to loathe it. for one thing, it was one of those "loosely based on the novel" movies, which usually means that the book author saw the script, hated it, and refused to be associated with the film. worse, the trailer showed only the most mundane slapstick imaginable (ex: kid gets squirted in the face with a garden hose...and falls over). so when my little brother got it into his mind that this was the "must see" film of the season (of course, he thought the same thing about "cars", "over the hedge", "the ant bully", "monster house", etc, etc), i was admittedly less than thrilled.but once at the theater, the film won me over for a variety of reasons. first and foremost, the writers capture 'kid dialogue' better than just about any other children's film i've ever seen. a prime example of this comes directly after the boys' principal accidentally eats a worm stuck in an egg omelet. the boys do a lame, over-exaggerated impression of the principal lecturing them, which makes it realistic since all little kids think (mistakenly) that they do great mocking expressions of their adult tormentors. then one of the boys asks, "why did he say, 'alley oop'?" another boy responds, "maybe he's crazy!" and the entire group laughs uproariously. not an overly witty rejoinder, but exactly the kind of thing a young kid would come up with on the spot and exactly the type of remark other kids his age would find hilarious. as if to confirm it, my kid brother laughed right on cue when they were spoken on-screen; i could practically hear his voice spouting the same exact lines if he was placed in a similar situation.another reason the movie works is that the writers manage to work in issues like bullying, sibling relationships, the new kid in school, and peer pressure/conformity without making any of them seem as though they were subplots for some after school special. for example, the bully (joe) isn't stereotypical; he's definitely bad but not pure evil, and just enough of his home-life is revealed that the audience feels sympathy for him and understands his bullying origins. there's also no "cue the dramatic music" moment where billy ('worm boy') realizes what a complete tool he's being to his younger brother woody, and yet, by the end of the movie, some type of minor transformation has been made. there's some realism here in the way the characters resolve situations and in the way they relate to each other, and very little of it comes across as corny.the only drawback to the movie comes in the form of an absolutely laughable dance scene that even the creators of the infamous mcdonald's dance party in "mac and me" would scoff at. why oh why was it put into the movie?? did austin rogers (adam) pull a macaulay culkin and refuse to take the role unless he was given a vehicle to showcase his oh so impressive dancing skills? the entire sequence definitely did not need to be there and had slightly less comedic value than any given show on "the history channel".overall, though, this movie was excellent, and the length (about an hour and twenty minutes) was just about perfect. one of the best, most realistic live action kid films you'll ever see if you're ever around children or just remember what being a kid was actually like.

~~i was able to see this movie yesterday morning on a early viewing pass~~i am a mom of 2 children, who range from 11 down to 6. so i'm sure plenty of parents can relate to having to see many many "kids" movies. this was refreshing for me. i haven't read this particular book, so i don't know if it stayed true to the book or not. but it sure took the grossness factor to a high level. this is the story of the "new" kid in town and it just so happens that there are a group of boys who have formed a club of sorts and love to pick on kids ....sound familiar? haven't we all suffered this one time or another. he has the little brother who he cant stand and parents that he is embarrassed about. what i enjoyed most of all was seeing how each character was totally different from another they all stood out. the bully (why do they always make the bully a red head? my daughter has red hair! and she is no bully!..lol) is well a great bully, who finds himself being yelled at by his own big brother. it took twists and turns and well you fall in love with all of them and really find yourself routing for all the characters! even the parents, great connection between father and son. all around enjoyable, sweet,funny, gross etc......take your kids!!! you will enjoy it as much as they do!

after being forced to sit through some real stinkers (racing stripes, shark boy and lava girl) -- i truly enjoyed watching "fried worms". for once, i did not guess the ending! it was funny and entertaining and didn't resort to a ton of gross-out humor, despite the title. my boys (6 and 10) both loved it too -- oh and my 45 year old "boy" had a smile on his face the whole time. this is a family movie that is not just tolerable for the parents. the relationship with the little brother is so close to real life. "he is not stopping singing just to annoy me!!" also, the way the new kid tries to make friends and how those friendships actually form is right-on with the way kids behave. of course the parents have to act a little goofy -- but my favorite scenes involved the dad getting used to his new job. have fun!

i thought the kids in the movie were great. i deal with kids in that age group, and i thought their behaviors were very believable. i did have a problem with the reference to the private parts made by the 5-year old. i didn't think the comment was necessary and actually slightly lowered my opinion of the movie. i think luke benward is up and coming star. i would like to see more of him on the big screen. i enjoyed his reactions to the situations that he found himself in. often kids in this age group do things without thinking through the consequences. almost all of the actors did this throughout the movie.i also think the message of bullying needs to be examined more in movies with this age group. it is a major problem in schools today.the ending was quite unexpected. billy's thoughts on whether he won or didn't win the bet were very surprising. how he handled that situation was excellent. too often today kids are not willing to compromise. the actors in this movie showed that compromise is an important part of life.

if you like films about school bullies, brave children, hilarious toddlers and worm eating, then how to eat fried worms will appeal to you.the film is about a boy named billy, who when arriving on his first day at a new school, discovers that some of his classmates have played a prank on him by putting worms into his lunch. the school bully, joe and his "team" of friends start teasing billy and calling him "worm boy".billy decides to play along by saying that "he eats worms all the time". joe and his friends don't believe him but billy assures them and bets joe that he can eat ten worms in one day otherwise he will come to school with worms in his pants.the boys take billy up on his bet, leaving the weak stomached child with a mission to gain respect from his classmates by eating worms cooked, fried, or alive.the film may sound gross but there are a lot of messages in it. for one, it portrays true friendship and how to accept people for who they are. it also shows you why some bullies resort to bullying other children.the film's protagonist, billy is a strong minded and brave person who all of us can relate to. it is easy to empathize with him as we silently cheer for him to reach his goal, even though we might not always agree with what he's doing or the choices he makes.the children in the film are portrayed exactly how children are in real life and the film deserves a lot of credit for that. the child actors are the stars of this show, showing true emotion and feeling than most other children's movies portray.some adults may not enjoy this film but kids will, perhaps even teenagers.there are hardly any other good movies on circuit at the moment, so if you're not in the mood to see snakes on a plane, try worms on a plate in how to eat fried worms. it is a feel good fun film and not just fear factor for kids.

this movie is a great attempt towards the revival of traditional indian values which are being replaced by western ones.its a joint family story showing all the ethics every person should follow while communicating with every single relative around.shahid kapoor gives a gr88 performance as a desi about to tie knot with amrita rao who is also very desi and she also acts pretty well...the genre of the movie is the same as hahk and such movies deserve to be made in india for the revival of old traditional values...the movies doesn't get 10 as it isn't very good at music which counts a lot in every movie,besides this it is flawless....

it started out slow after an excellent animated intro, as the director had a bunch of characters and school setting to develop. once the bet is on, though, the movie picks up the pace as it's a race against time to see if a certain number of worms can be eaten by 7 pm. we had a good opportunity on the way home to discuss some things with our son: bullies, helping others, mind over matter when you don't want to do something.of special note is the girl who played erica (erk): hallie kate eisenberg. the director kinda sneaks her in unexpectedly, and when she is on-screen she is captivating. she's one of those "hey, she looks familiar" faces, and then i remembered that she was the little girl that pepsi featured about 8 years ago. she was also in "paulie", that movie about the parrot who tries to find his way home.ms. eisenberg made many tv and movie appearances in '99-00, but then was not seen much for the next few years. she's now 14 and is growing up to be a beautiful woman. her smile really warms up the screen. if she can get some more good roles she could have as good a career (or better?) than haley joel osment, another three named kid actor, but hopefully without some of the problems that osment has been in lately.anywhozitz, according to my 8 y.o. son, who just finished reading the story, the film did not seem to follow the book all that well, but was entertaining none the less. the ending of the film seemed like a big setup for some sequels (how to eat boiled slugs? escargot kid's style?), which might not be such a bad thing. it was nice to take the family to a movie and not have to worry about language, violence or sex scenes.one other good aspect of the movie was the respect/fear engendered by the principal mr. burdock (boilerplate). movies nowadays tend to show adult authority figures as buffoons. while he has one particular goofy scene, he ruled the school with a firm hand. it was also nice to see andrea martin getting some work.

pre-adolescent humor is present in large quantities. the acting and story are wonderful if you can stomach the concept. those with weak constitutions will have some difficulty since the "worms" are realistic enough to cause churning of more than a few in the audience.tom cavanagh and hallie kate eisenberg stole the spotlight, but the young ty panitz could get some serious time on screen over the next few years.miss eisenberg has developed from a cute face into a strong young actress with charm and wonderful comic delivery. the story does a spectacular job in dealing with bullying, friendship, and fairness. it creates an opportunity to discuss these topics in an open and frank manner while recalling some "gross" scene from the film.

i remembered this as being one of my favorite books as a child and had been wanting to read it to my 5 year old daughter for a while now. i knew the movie was coming out soon so we went to the library to get the book and they gave us preview passes for the next day! we rushed home and spent the afternoon reading the book so we could compare. wasn't necessary. the only thing in common between the book and the movie is the main characters' first name, the fact that there is a bet, and a whole lot of worm eating. oh yeah, i almost forgot, the kid who cooks most of the worms likes to present his masterpieces with a french accent. how the kids know each other, the number of kids involved, how the bet came about, the number of worms that must be eaten, the time frame in which he has to eat the worms, how they are cooked, progression of friendships, climax scenes, etc., nothing is the same. but somehow, it did not ruin the movie for me. the characters are all enjoyable, and the film did not leave me disappointed. word of caution for parents, there was one moment when you could hear the adults in the room collectively draw their breath and that was when billy's little brother referred to his penis as a "dilly dick". the embarrassing part came when my daughter proceeded to ask those sitting around us, "does anybody know what a dilly dick is?" lol. that and an occasional "shut up" is as foul mouthed as this film gets. my daughter thought she might get sick around worm 3 and 4 (and was holding the empty nacho container just in case) but was fine by worm 6. she and i both really enjoyed the film and had a wonderful time sharing the experience.

my wife and i took our 13 year old son to see this film and were absolutely delighted with the winsome fun of the film. it has extra appeal to boys and men who remember their childhood, but even women enjoy the film and especially hallie kate eisenberg's refrain, "boys are so weird." it's refreshing to see a film that unapologetically shows that boys and girls are indeed different in their emotional and social makeup. boys really do these kinds of strange things and usually survive to tell the story and scare their mothers silly! we enjoyed the film so much that my son and an 11 year old friend, myself and my daughters 23 year old boyfriend went to see the movie the next day for a guys day out. we had even more fun the second time around and everyone raved about it. it's clean and delightfully acted by a pre-adolescent cast reminiscent of the tv classic "freaks and geeks". we all feel it will become a sleeper hit not unlike the "freaks & geeks" which didn't survive its first season but sold-out its dvd release. do see it especially if you have boys and you'll find it stimulates conversation about fun and safety! girls will love it because of the opportunity it affords to say, "boys are so weird!" don't miss it...

i can't believe currently this movie is rated a 6.9. anyway this movie was probably one of the most touching real indian movies i have ever seen. it was really refreshing to see a movie that showed traditional family cinema. as for the story i thought it was great it was about shahid kapur being set up on an arranged marriage with amrita rao. he is kind of a happy go lucky kind of guy, while amrita rao is a traditional indian girl who is very helpful to her uncle but the only problem is her cousin doesn't seem to get as much attention as she does so her aunt dislikes amrita with a passion. this upsets amrita because she just wants her aunt to love her. it was also very touching to see that although amrita's family wasn't that rich maybe just middle class to lower class, while shahids family was quite upper class, they still treated their family with respect and didn't even ask put them down which really struck a nerve with me. this is because i've actually seen people being very rude to people who are not as well of thinking their below their standards which i feel is very shallow. this movie showed that shahids family was willing to look at the great values that amrita had been brought up with and turned a blind eye to the fact she wasn't a rich business tycoons daughter or anything. all in all this movie deserved an 8/10 i wish more and more of these kind of movies were made.

i liked this movies. its a another yash raj film which you know will look good on screen, all character are always nice or very nice with one exception who you know will eventually covert to being nice... another rule of yash raj's film is that either hero or heroine;s have only one or none parent. think back to all of those films.. mpk suman didn't have mom, hmapk salman didn't have parents, and final rule is that you are 90% likely to see alock nath crying...the film is good too. its a bit slow at first but keeps you entertained. there is almost no comedy but it does make you smile often enough. the little kid (hero's nephew) is well placed and deliver very good one liners. the actress is very pretty but shy you wouldn't get that in real life. this film doesn't have massively big happy families living in big house which i thou was a good idea and allowed the film to be differentiated from other films. there will be lots of women crying at the end of the film. there isn't a strong message from this film but its a good watch. if you are married (arranged marriage)the film will remind you of what you went through. and if you are not it will inform and may be scare you ...overall a very good looking film. no big plots or twists but a very gentle film, very much like bollywood classic.

it is nice to see suraj barjatya back at what he is best at.a story woven around a marriage.it feels nice to have a movie in which there is no single scene which you would avoid watching with your family. though the story is simple and does not contain any new elements,you still like the movie,because of the presentation, performances,and actually the over all treatment. hats off to suraj.. the movie is about the fact that engagement leads to love. the depiction of the changes in the way of thinking,behaving once you get engaged is excellent. director has definitely given it much thought and actors have done it to perfection.though the movie is slow,you don't mind it,because you kind of get so much involved with the story that you just wanna continue watching the joy of this newly engaged couple. as a typical rajshree stuff it has many sentimental scenes which are highly likely to make viewer burst into tears(specially ladies). but when you come out of the cinema hall you are very much satisfied and feel that the ticket was worth :-).

vivah in my opinion is the best movie of 2006, coming from a director that has proved successful throughout his career. i am not too keen in romantic movies these days, because i see them as "old wine in a new bottle" and so predictable. however, i have watched this movie three times now...and believe me it's an awesome movie.vivah goes back to the traditional route, displaying simple characters into a sensible and realistic story of the journey between engagement and marriage. the movie entertains in all manners as it can be reflected to what we do (or would do) when it comes to marriage. in that sense sooraj r. barjatya has done his homework well and has depicted a very realistic story into a well-made highly entertaining movie.several sequences in this movie catch your interest immediately: * when shahid kapoor comes to see the bride (amrita rao) - the way he tries to look at her without making it too obvious in front of his and her family. the song 'do anjaane ajnabi' goes well with the mood of this scene.* the first conversation between shahid and amrita, when he comes to see her - i.e. a shy shahid not knowing exactly what to talk about but pulling of a decent conversation. also amrita's naive nature, limited eye-contact, shy characteristics and answering softly to shahid's questions.* the emotional breakdown of amrita and her uncle (alok nath) when she feeds him at shahid's party in the form of another's daughter-in-law rather than her uncle's beloved niece.clearly the movie belongs to amrita rao all the way. the actress portrays the role of poonam with such conviction that you cannot imagine anybody else replacing her. she looks beautiful throughout the whole movie, and portrays an innocent and shy traditional girl perfectly.shahid kapoor performs brilliantly too. he delivers a promising performance and shows that he is no less than salman khan when it comes to acting in a sooraj r. barjatya film. in fact shahid and amrita make a cute on-screen couple, without a shadow of doubt. other characters - alok nath (excellent), anupam kher (brilliant), mohan joshi (very good).on the whole, vivah delivers what it promised, a well made and realistic story of two families. the movie has top-notch performances, excellent story and great music to suit the film, as well as being directed by the fabulous sooraj r. barjatya. it's a must see!

this movie brings back many memories of the classic cinema of old, where actors didn't have to take their clothes off to make viewers watch their film.firstly i think the main plus point of this movie is the amazing chemistry between shahid and amrita, it is definitely the making of the film.i have seen lots of comments regarding the film being sickly sweet and overly slushy. in response to this, i think to a certain degree this is a correct analysis, however considering this is a barjatya film i think that compared to mpk, hahk, hssh and mpkdh, it has been toned down significantly. hssh was almost unbearable to watch in some places.in this film however, when the sentimental moments come along, you find yourself smiling, wishing the budding couple all the best and hoping that nothing bad happens to them.another major plus point is the performances of shahid and amrita. both have acted very well, especially shahid who looks great in the film. amrita looks simply stunning and should be taken seriously as a future major star.although i really enjoyed the film as a whole, i do feel that it was too long. some of the middle could have been trimmed off and it would maybe made even more of an impact. i also think the music, although it fits into the film when you see the situations is slightly old fashioned and the movie could have benefited if a more up-to-date soundtrack had been available. although the picturisation of the songs mujhe haq hain and hamari shaadi mein are wonderful.all in all, i definitely recommend this film, its romantic, looks stunning and has a dramatic climax (i won't go into details, just in case you haven't seen it.ps. if you're prone to crying-take a tissue! (i needed several)

this is one of the best movies to come from bollywood in years. certainly the best this year until now. indian to the core, the panoramic visuals, the heart-pleasing dialogs and the melodious and soft music make the movie an exceptional one. the apt depiction of indianvalues and culture makes the viewer search for his/her roots in them and invigorates the mind and spirit with a sense of pride and a new lease on life.this movie is for viewers who enjoy a call to their imagination and philosophical senses. if you like watching movies to get all your nerves excited through on-screen action, sex or terror, then this movie is not for you, because you will find that the movie is not full of 90 degrees twists in it. it is as simple a story for a movie as it can get. but that's exactly where the art of the movie lies. one gets a real life experience, and the best thing is, this experience is one full of values and hope. it is about the positive side of life, about the sweet things that god has showered on humans, as against the regressive movies that insist on showing dons, terrorists and underworlds. this is not about things and people that have gone bad. it is about the goodness that still persists, and that keeps the world running. of course, every genre of movies is respectable but it takes a lot of courage and talent to come up with a movie that swims against the current and tries to open the eyes of the public to the hidden realities and truths. having said that, here's more... the movie is the journey of a couple from their engagement to their arranged marriage - yes, that's right, it is an arranged marriage and the couple come to know each other only through their parents, and learn to love each other. the 6 month gap between engagement and marriage is a long time, not full of "enticing" happenings, but one that nurtures the growing love and devotion of the couple to each other. they learn together the importance of their relationship and of this invaluable period of their lives, and work to strengthen the bonds of marriage. but have these been strengthened enough? their relationship will face the test of not only time but also fortune. will they pass this test? that is what "vivah" is about.

vivah is by no means a classic. however in the days of hardcore action, path-breaking special effects & complex plots (none of which bollywood has mastered yet), its quite refreshing to see a simple film like vivah. the story as we all know is a journey from a couple's first meeting to their eventual wedding after some coy moments and testing times. nothing more, nothing less. the music isn't quite in the same league as mpk or hahk but doesn't jar your senses either. two songs stood out for me - mujhe haq hai & do anjaane. while milan abhi aadha & hamaari shaadi were hummable. shahid performs sincerely & shows a lot of potential. its good to see him play something else but the "cool dude" he normally does. amrita is very sweet and plays the role of a docile small-town girl to perfection. alok nath, anupam kher & seema biswas are terrific supports and the rest of the cast does a reasonable job. suraj's direction is simple but effective. the movie's prime flaw is the slow pace which might test the patience of a lot of young viewers. but all in all a good, clean, decent family movie.

all the talent mr. sooraj barjatya showed in his first 3 movies, i thought were all an accident because his 4th one main prem ki diwani hoon was so bad. but i have to say it wasn't an accident. this guy is talented and the way he has done vivah is just brilliant. right from the first scene it affects you. the sequences between shahid and amrita are awesome. the chemistry between these two actors gives glimpses of that between srk and kajol. as usual alok nath as the good and loving father is fantastic, so is anupam kher. but its a shahid-amrita film.amrita looks good in most scenes though shahid does look a little young to get married but he does a good job of a shy but yet morally strong groom. this movie will especially be liked by those who has gone through such beautiful moments in their life. all in all a brilliant film. hats off to mr. sooraj barjatya...

my comments for vivah :- its a charming, idealistic love story starring shahid kapoor and amrita rao. the film takes us back to small pleasures like the bride and bridegroom's families sleeping on the floor, playing games together, their friendly banter and mutual respect. vivah is about the sanctity of marriage and the importance of commitment between two individuals. yes, the central romance is naively visualized. but the sneaked-in romantic moments between the to-be-married couple and their stubborn resistance to modern courtship games makes you crave for the idealism. the film predictably concludes with the marriage and the groom, on the wedding night, tells his new bride who suffers from burn injuries: "come let me do your dressing"v i v a h - showcases a lot of good things - beauty of arranged marriage, beauty of indian culture, beauty of indian woman, last but not least a nice idealism of the about-to-be-couple waiting to get married .... playing by the rules ! simple yet beautiful; such a simple story .... no plot ... no villain - as is the case with most of sooraj barjatya films. sooraj sir is back to what he does best. he has made the movie with full conviction. its a very sweet film - which teaches the current generation a lot of good things bout arranged marriage & the union of 2 families. i think amrita rao - looks very good & she has acted very well. she has most of the good scenes - although i thought the last half hour was completely to shahid kapur - who for a change gives an awesomely restrained performance. i also liked the acting of all others for ex. the choti i.e. amrita prakash, alok nath, anupam kher, shahid's bro & sis-in-law. it almost seemed as real and recognizable as it could. sooraj sir has got another nice family film to his credit after maine pyar kiya, hahk & hum saath saath hain. the chemistry between shahid & amrita is awesome.stuff like sanctity in a marriage/relationship, avoiding courtship, mutual respect, care & space, waiting for getting married "officially", praying/sacrficing for ur beloved - all these and more get showcased in vivah. there's still some good audience who r going & enjoying this film. some of the folks/audience are already excited after seeing, that they r thinking bout arranged-marriage :) thats success if you ask me. it seems amrita rao - our actress-from-vivah {result for a nice performance} has been bestowed the prestigious dadsaheb phalke award for 2006 !! hats off to her for this achievement chalo, even though vivah , shahid or amrita didn't get any of the film-fare & other awards; @ least this is news to cheer about !! congrats to amrita rao- for showing us a visual of indian bride-to-be in the purest form and of course to sooraj barjatya for portraying her the best way :) shudn't forget shahid kapur and all others who make vivah as sweet and legendary as it is today !! imagine, to share the same pedestal as the legendary dilip kumar .......... its no mean achievement !! congrats to amrita rao - for taking her career to another level with this award .... i personally feel - she should keep doing movies only with shahid kapur !! they make a cute couple and their on-screen chemistry reminds me of {srk-kajol} or {aamir khan & juhi chawla} ................. some points that i observed,few of the elements :- #1 if u notice carefully, amrita rao looks so good because shes always wearing traditional dresses. she gives every bit of the indian woman essence - in this film !! perfect fit #2 shahid kapur is like most of us - not exactly ready for marriage or early-marriage .... but prem listens carefully to the step-wise talk given by his dad - having full faith in anupam kher. eventually "honesty" & "trust" are the keywords that he reflects in his first talk with amrita. most people would think such a first meeting with a total stranger plus for a limited time is never enough to judge a person. but according to what i saw in this film, i have a feeling - that two people who are made for each other can connect within a 1st meet also, its possible !!! #3 in the entire movie - there are basically 4 or 5 sequences where shahid & amrita are together - or shown to be together. its unlike most other romantic/wedding-based movies where hero & heroine are always singing/dancing or nowadays - doing cheap stuff. but the beauty of each of these 5 sequences :- characterized by restraint, innocence & respect for the other ! #4 i really liked the relationship shown between chacha alok nath & amrita rao. these kinda movies should highlight the indifference shown to daughters/girl-kids in some parts of india. #5 romantic scenes between lead couple are shot very nicely - no cheap scenes,songs are beautifully pictured !! words like "jal","praarthana" e.t.c. are going to be buzzwords for all girls who liked this film :) personally, i really am fond of many dialogs in this film. #6 last but not the least - the entire hospital scene where shahid puts "sindhoor" to amrita when shes struggling for life - is terrific. those dialogs between the couple are so touching and u feel the love/i-cant-do-without-u ; its a hats-off feeling !!! *** in many ways, vivah reminded me of maine pyar kiya, ddlj, qayamat se qayamat tak, hum dil de chuke sanam - for the freshness/on-screen-chemistry of the lead pair :) :) *** if u ask me :- along with films like rang de basanti, lage raho munnabhai, dor, corporate and kabul express, v i v a h ranks among the best films made in 2006. in fact - i think vivah does deserve better viewing/business than dhoom2 or fanaa or golmaal or all those time-pass/fuzzy/style/crap movies !!

i watched this in july and even with the christmas theme, found it touching and sensitive. it is not for someone with a reality-mind as it is full of fantasy and lovely moments that sometimes don't make sense. william russ did a grand job as hank. i have only seen him in the remake of the long, hot summer where he played a weak character. but in this one, the expression in his eyes throughout, as hank considered the things that were happening to him, was wonderful and tender. valerie bertinelli was excellent and lovely as usual and very believable in this role. and peter falk as max was splendid and always brought a smile when he appeared in a number of important scenes. there were many special scenes, including the one where hank realizes who max really was in his life. it's not for everyone.....especially those who aren't into 'feel-good' movies and this is definitely one! if you like everything to be perfect and make sense, avoid this one. but i think it is well-worth re-watching, which is why i taped it. (yes, some of us still have vcrs. :)

if anyone is interested in obtaining a copy of this film please read the bottom of this description: first telecast by cbs on november 30, 2003, the made-for-tv finding john christmas is a sequel to the previous year's a town without christmas, with peter falk reprising his role as versatile guardian angel max. valerie bertinelli plays kathleen mcallister, a divorced small-town nurse whose depression... over the fact that the hospital er she maintains may be forced to shut down because of a $100,000 debt is briefly lifted when she spots a newspaper picture taken by photojournalist noah greeley (david cubitt). the picture shows an act of bravery performed by noah's firefighter brother hank (william russ), who mysteriously left town 25 years ago and hasn't been seen since. hank would like to quietly slip back into town without explanation or fanfare, but this proves impossible when noah's newspaper posts a $50,000 reward to identify hank, known only to the public as "john christmas." and there's something, very, very curious about that photo: it also shows a santa claus suit seemingly floating in midair without an occupant. that elusive "santa" is of course the angelic max, who pops up now and again throughout the story in a variety of guises to solve problems, dispense advice, tie up loose plot strands--and even share a musical duet with kathleen's talented daughter socorro (jennifer pisana).interested in having a copy: write to me here: iamaseal2@yahoo.com

having been a fan of 'columbo', i was sorely disappointed in 'corky romano'. while certainly a funny movie, falk's mob boss character was a far cry from the lovable lieutenant he's played for so many years, especially with the offensive language he used. after 'corky romano', i was honestly both surprised by and soured on mr. peter falk. however, having just seen 'finding john christmas' and its predecessor, 'a town without christmas', for the first time within a week of each other, i have to say that 'max', peter's falk's delightful character in both movies, is surely as memorable and lovable as 'columbo'. while parts of the movie are quite predictable, such scenes in no way take away from the enjoyment of seeing the story played out. i too wish i had recorded both of these heartwarming christmas movies, and i highly recommend them whether you're a falk fan, a christmas nut, or simply someone who enjoys the occasional feel-good movie of the week. this movie may end up lost among the throngs of made-for-tv holiday flicks, so be sure to find 'finding john christmas' before it's too late.

my first child was born the year this program came out, and i played the record album for the boys every christmas thereafter. when the cd came out, i bought about ten copies and still give them to friends and relatives as they start families...it invariably becomes their favorite christmas album. i recently found several dvd's (made on dvd-r from video tapes, probably) for sale on ebay. the one i bought was an excellent copy, and it was so great to see the show again after more than 25 years. there are some songs on the show that were not on the album, and some of the songs on the album were studio versions of the same songs on the show. but both the cd and dvd will stay in our library as the best christmas entertainment ever.

i'm sure that most people already know the story-the miserly ebenezer scrooge gets a visit from three spirits (the ghosts of christmas past, present and yet to come) who highlight parts of his life in the hopes of saving his soul and changing his ways. dickens' classic story in one form or another has stood the test of time to become a beloved holiday favorite.while i grew up watching the 1951 version starring alastair sims, and i believe that he is the definitive scrooge, i have been impressed with this version, which was released when i was in high school. george c. scott plays a convincing and mean ebenezer scrooge, and the actors playing the ghosts are rather frightening and menacing. david warner is a good bob cratchit as well.this version is beautifully filmed, and uses more modern filming styles (for the 1980's) which make it more palatable for my children than the 1951 black and white version.this is a worthy adaptation of the story and is one that i watch almost every year at some point in the christmas season.

i enjoy all the versions of this story but this one is my all time favorite. george c.scott gives a depth to the scrooge character that the others do not give. the movie shows more about why he becomes so bitter. the changes in scrooge appear gradually as he encounters the different ghosts and the incidents that they show him. this movie has the best tiny tim by far. he is the right age rather than being played by someone who is almost a teenager as in the other films. anthony walters still has all or most of his baby teeth. david warner is wonderful as bob cratchit. he is such a versatile actor. he portrays a man who clearly loves his family. he plays the role with dignity neither as a wimpy man cowering under scrooges'thumb but as a man who gracefully puts up with it because he has a family to provide for. susannah york and the other actors do a fine job of bringing the characters to life. edward woodward is the best ghost of christmas present i've ever seen. most often he is played as a jolly santa type character. in this he shows anger at scrooges attitudes and really makes scrooge reconsider. the costumes and the sets really bring the london of dickens time to life. a wonderful movie.

*********ten out of ten stars********* it's hard to believe this was a made for television movie. just the phrase, "made of tv", makes me shudder. the production values for made for tv movies are almost always remarkably lower than production values for professional movie studios. that being said, this version of the "christmas carol" should have been released in theaters, because it is that good. it's my personal favorite of all the "christmas carol" movies because every aspect of this production are of the highest quality. yes, there are some minor on screen glitches with two of the ghosts that visit scrooge, but there isn't a movie in existence that doesn't have at least a couple of mistakes.scott turns in a stellar performance as scrooge, he's a pleasure to watch. in fact, i can't think of one performance in this film that shouldn't be applauded. the costuming, location shooting, and winter backdrop are mesmerizing. the musical score is endearing and heart warming. add to that, solid directing, flawless cinematography, and faithful scripting; we have here what will one day be considered a holiday classic. it really hasn't been around long enough to be a classic, but mark my words, one day soon it will be. this film has turned into a yearly christmas tradition in my home because it embodies the true meaning behind christmas: love, selflessness, and giving. in as selfish, greedy world, my family and i can lose ourselves in "the christmas carol", starring george c. scott.

i saw this movie in sixth grade around christmas time, and i was really excited about seeing it, and when i heard that george c. scott was in it, i was really excited, because i really love george c. scott! when me and my class were watching this movie, i was really into it, and when it was over, i was really impressed, i thought that it was totally fabulous! this is the best version of charles dickens' classic novel that i have seen so far! george c. scott's performance as scrooge is something else, i thought that he was the perfect choice, he was scrooge, he is the definitive scrooge! i've seen two different versions of a christmas carol, the other is the one with patrick stewart, but this is the better one! what it really great about this is the acting, i thought that the actors were fabulous, everyone was, the spirits, tiny tim, bob cratchit, everyone, they could not have found anyone better than the ones they had doing the parts! but the best part of the movie was george c. scott! when i saw him, i thought that he was the absolute best! he is the definitive ebenezer scrooge, i do not think that they could have found someone better! i don't think that they could have found anyone better to replace anyone in the movie! this movie is probably the definitive movie adaption of the classic by charles dickens, and i really think that you will agree, you will think that this movie is fabulous! i am probably going to have to buy this movie on dvd, because i thought that it was totally fabulous! i totally recommend that you see this masterpiece! this is the best version of a christmas carol, period. 10/10

in our household, we are enormous fans of a christmas carol and watch virtually every version each christmas, including the old 1938 reginald owen and the modern 1999 patrick stewart. our overall favorite is the 1951 black & white classic, because alastair sim is ebeneezer scrooge and his conversion rings the truest. however, this 1984 rendition has its own unique merits and makes a lovely & entertaining story, quite faithful generally to dickens' novel. (see my comments on the other film adaptations, if interested)first of all, george c. scott can certainly seem pretty crotchety and doesn't make a bad scrooge. i adore his sideburns, his long topcoat & hat. he cuts the finest fashion figure of the lot, and quite a handsome gentleman. however, sometimes it seems scott is enjoying his role as scrooge just a wee bit too much and not taking it quite as seriously as he ought!this rendition has the best overall christmas atmosphere, hopeful and optimistic. somehow you know this story is going to have a happy ending. filmed in the town of shrewsbury, england, it just seems somehow very british. the film has a lovely musical score, with wonderful, lively caroling music throughout all the appropriate portions of the tale. sometimes i could almost smell the chestnuts roasting and the pudding singing in the copper! marley's anguished ghost (with his wonderful jaw dropping scene) and the three spirits are all quite convincing. christmas past is a lovely ethereal lady, christmas present wonderfully giant and jovial, christmas yet to come shrouded and foreboding as always. however, i found scrooge's nephew, fred, a wee bit quiet & grim, not nearly as jolly & hearty as he should be. i like the nephew's wife, whom they've named janet, with her lovely, sprightly period hairstyle. instead of blind man's bluff, they've concocted a game called similes for the nephew's christmas dinner party, which is a cute little touch, scrooge getting right into the spirit of the thing.the cratchits and their somewhat meagre (though much appreciated) christmas dinner are well depicted, with bob (david warner) suitably sympathetic and long-suffering in his miles of scarf. mrs. cratchit is charmingly portrayed by susannah york, who also starred with george c. scott in the wonderful 1970 adaptation of jane eyre. above all, this version has unquestionably the best tiny tim, not only an adorable & endearing little waif but sickly. with those dark circles under his eyes, the frail wee thing looks unlikely to survive the hour!this is a delightful & heartwarming version of the holiday classic. with its festive atmosphere, it's sure to put you in the spirit of the season.

this version of the charles dickens novel features george c scott as the scrooge. fine casting, especially the choice of scott, who plays the role to the hilt..a fine cast supports him in the very good adaption. a modern day holiday classic on a scale of one to ten..9

everyone is surely familiar with this most famous of stories  a heartless businessman is visited by the ghost of his dead partner on christmas eve and warned that if he continues in his uncaring ways then he will be doomed to an afterlife in chains. so that he can avoid his partner's fate he is visited by three spirits who show him visions of christmases past, present and yet to come, so that he will hopefully see the error of his ways before it is too late. a rather morbid tale one might think, but it is classic charles dickens, and also one of the most famous and popular christmas stories of all time.to me this is the definitive version of dickens' timeless story; it's the one i always remember watching in school, and i remember being absolutely terrified by it! the ghost of jacob marley, the final scene with the ghost of christmas present under the bridge, and the ghost of christmas yet-to-come especially i found very frightening. how on earth did the film gain the 'u' certificate? (for non-uk readers 'u' is the lowest classification, it means family friendly and children welcome, nothing to scare them etc... this is certainly not the case though, as some smaller children will undoubtedly find the final segment positively terrifying with the grim reaper-like spectre of christmas future.be that as it may, from the many versions of this classic story i have seen adapted for film, this is possibly the most faithful to the book. most notably included is a segment rarely seen in film adaptations of the original text - that of the ghost of christmas present showing scrooge the two children hidden under his robe (you'd never get away with a scene like that nowadays!). the two children represent ignorance and need (although changed to want in this film).criticisms for me however become apparent having watched it again with more objective and trained eyes, the main one of which being that george c. scott's portrayal of scrooge seems simply not cold enough. he laughs too much. i don't want to use the word jolly because of course ebeneezer is anything but, but he does seem to be merely a grumpy old man, rather than the positively unkind, cold and uncaring man that he is in the book and other films. patrick stewart portrayed him excellently in one of the most recent versions filmed, and michael caine, despite acting alongside the muppets, was positively cold. further, the development of the character over the course of the film as he learns more about the error of his ways and grows towards redemption is unconvincing and appears inconsistent. he appears to have changed little by the time he reaches the third spirit's final lesson.but ignoring this one (albeit major) quibble, it is still a spellbinding and ultimately heart-warming christmas tale, as all christmas films should be. london of course looks like the perfect picturesque quaint snow-covered english town that many americans probably imagine it still is (the truth is that even then that london was grey and grimy  and any snow would never have been so white!) and everyone is so impeccably dressed too, even the poor people look rather dapper. but of course it's a christmas film, so why shouldn't everything look nice? perfect holiday season viewing; coupled with copies of it's a wonderful life, miracle on 34th street and the snowman and you've got everything you need.

when this initially aired in 1984, my wife and i taped it on our very first vhs recorder. i still have that aging tape, which i try to watch annually. it was the year my first child was born, and seeing a christmas carol in this incarnation brings back fond memories of happy times -- many hours of which were spent with this film playing in the background. i finally broke down this year and ordered a dvd, which prompted me to take a moment to write this brief reaction to the movie. charles dickens' story is captured in outstanding fashion here. george c. scott is absolutely amazing and totally believable as scrooge. the supporting cast is equally spectacular. this is, to my mind, a flawless production. little details add much to the enjoyment. the game "similes" scrooge's nephew and wife play with their party guests is a neat item. (i've since re-created it with my high school english students as a brief respite from class work!) honestly, i can think of few ways to entertain myself over the holidays i enjoy more than indulging in this cbs production, which was originally sponsored by ibm. (incidentally, it's fun to watch the old tape with the original ibm commercials ... which show just how much computers have evolved in 21 years. amazing how things have changed!) bottom line: a christmas carol is a timeless story, and this rendition is a timeless classic. enjoy ... and god bless us, every one!

although george c. scott is the only actor in this version of acc without a british accent, he more than makes up for it with his over-the-top and larger-than-life interpretation of ebenezer scrooge.particularly effective is when he confronts bob cratchit in his office at the movie's end. as scott stands before a large window, sunlight casts a glowing mantle over him; all you can see is his silhouette. augmented by scott's voice, a ponderous growl, the effect is galvanizing...much like marlon brando's first scene in apocalypse now. "the horror," indeed! however, as they say, the very thing that works for you can also work against you. because scott displays such gleeful ferocity throughout the movie, it proves infectious. to put it another way, the "before" scrooge is almost as charismatic as the "after," even though he really shouldn't be. it's what you might call the "doctor smith" effect, since jonathan harris used a very similar approach when playing that role and numerous other heavies (stage and screen alike).actually, i myself don't consider scott's glib rage a liability. but other "christmas carol" purists might. see the film and judge for yourselves.

okay, there are a ton of reviews here, what can i possibly add?i will try anyway. the reason this is my favorite scrooge is because of everything. the sets, outdoor locations, costumes are so beautiful and authentic. the music is sweet. the supporting cast is very well done. one of my favorites is the narrator & nephew, played by roger rees. his understated sincerity is touching and his voice is the sound of christmas to me. david warner is also a totally believable bob cratchit. his is a difficult life, but he remains positive and dignified. the best part of course- is george c. scott as ebenezer scrooge. some have said his portrayal too gruff. i couldn't disagree more. his exchanges at the beginning while cold or harsh, weren't out of character. he is a terribly disillusioned man who's heart has been hardened by the vicissitudes of life and his own lust for wealth. during the flashbacks, it's obvious that he isn't all gruff. this is where we see that there is hope for him. if he was totally gone, his partner marley would never have come for his sake in the first place. and after all, we are none of us past hoping. i think that is a huge part of what dickens was trying to say. when scrooge looks in on his dance at his employer's with belle, you see him smile regretfully as he tells belle in the flashback that he will go through life "with a grin on my face." clive donner was smart enough as the director to allow these moments on film. sometimes they get left on the editing room floor.and finally, his conversion is so absolutely full of joy that it makes me cry tears of joy every time i see it. his apology to his nephew fred, so sincere, so moving, it is the spirit not only of christmas, but of humanity itself. the joy he brings to fred, to his wife are so apparent. and the line that gets me every time, "god forgive me for the time i've wasted." bravi tutti!

i am a huge john denver fan. i have a large collection of his music on vinyl. i saw this christmas special when it was originally on tv and loved it. i have the original vinyl album and cd. i have the original cd and later release. the later release is missing several songs though. i see that it has been released this year with all original songs. to my surprise i found the original cd for sale at $75.00. wow - to think that a christmas cd would be worth that much. to me no amount is worth selling this treasure. it is my favorite christmas cd. i have never been able to find it on vhs or dvd. i would love to have either version. if anyone has one available please let me know. thanks

ok. i'm biased. i live near shrewsbury in england, where this wonderful movie was filmed. it still looks the same now. i remember them filming here quite vividly, and the fake snow on the streets for days on end. often, when i'm walking through shrewsbury i see a street or a house and it will remind me of this film.george c. scott's scrooge is a more realistic character than many of the other screen versions. his physical appearance isn't the typical miser. scott's is big and imposing. a man who finds those smaller than himself to be inferior.we all know the story and the quotes. the book is one of the most cherished works in the english language. and i don't believe there are many cynics who would say that people aren't capable of change and redemption. this film version portrays all of that quite beautifully. george c. scott may be american but he plays the part of the english miser with wonderful skill.i love this movie. if you haven't seen this version i would strongly urge that you do. it's usually available for a very small amount of money... or are you too mean?

i first saw this version of "a christmas carol" when it first appeared on television. i actually anticipated seeing the film when it was advertised and it more than lived up to my expectations. i have now purchased the dvd and plan to watch it every year. with the exception of "it's a wonderful life" i consider this version of "a christmas carol" one of the best christmas movies ever made. george c. scott is excellent and a superb cast led by roger rees surrounds him! scott proves once again that he is one of finest actors of our time. scott has the artistic talent and acting ability to play any role and keep the character unique to himself. how can someone be remembered as both patton and scrooge? scott does so easily. the direction is marvelous with the fine sets, costumes and music that give the movie a special feeling of the time, place and era depicted. you will simply love this movie and will place it among your favorites to watch during the holiday season.

this is the best film version of dicken's classic tale. i've seen it over and over on vhs, and recently acquired the dvd version, which is formatted for tv (not wide-screen). what i find interesting about this teleplay is the cast of english actors who are now recognizable since many have appeared in other films/shows in north america since 1984. my biggest surprise is edward woodward, "the equalizer", as the ghost of christmas present.

i saw a lot films about charles dickens' christmas carol. but this one is the best of all! there is an atmosphere which is exactly the same as in the book. the actors (george c. scott and others) are great! unfortunately, you can't often watch the film in germany and switzerland.

you could stage a version of charles dickens' "a christmas carol" with sock puppets and i'll probably watch it. ever since i was a child, this has been one of my favorite stories. maybe it's the idea that there is good in everyone, and that therefore no one is beyond redemption, that appeals to me, but for whatever reason i never miss an opportunity to watch one of the many screen adaptations of this timeless classic when they're on tv as they inevitably are this time of year.what makes this version really stand out is the somber gravitas that the cast bring to their respective roles. lines we've heard dozens of times in the past take on a whole new intensity, and each character becomes more real and believable in the hands of this wonderful ensemble.george c. scott was nominated for an emmy in 1985 for this role. it is to his everlasting credit that rather than sleepwalking through this oft-portrayed role of scrooge, he instead gave it a fresh interpretation that was, in my opinion, one of his finest performances ever. he wisely did not attempt a british accent, instead delivering his lines in that famous gravelly voice. his scrooge is not merely a cranky old man (as he is so often portrayed), but a man who harbors a profound anger against the world. as he is visited in turn by each of the three spirits, we understand how this anger took root, grew, and ultimately strangled his soul. as he is forced to review his life, we see him alternately softening, and then relapsing again into unrepentant obstinacy. and in the great dramatic scene when he, kneeling and weeping at his own grave, begs for mercy as he attempts to convince the third spirit of his repentance and desire to alter his life, we see a man who has been utterly broken and brought to his knees literally and figuratively. scott has made scrooge utterly believable and painfully human.impressive as scott's performance is, the ensemble of supporting actors contributes significantly the this version's dark beauty. fred holywell, scrooge's nephew, is an excellent example of this. often portrayed as an affable buffoon, here he is played by roger rees with an emotional intensity missing from earlier portrayals. when he implores scrooge, "i ask nothing of you. i want nothing from you. why can't we be friends?", we see in his face not only his frustration, but his pain at scrooge's self-imposed separation from his only living relative. it is a moving performance, and one of the movie's most dramatic scenes.even more magnificent is the performance given by the wonderful english actor frank finlay as scrooge's late partner, jacob marley. in most versions of this tale, the scene with marley tends to be a bit of a low point in the film, simply because it's difficult to portray a dead man convincingly, and the results are usually just plain silly (ooooh, look, it's a scary ghost.......not!) in this version, it is perhaps the most riveting scene in the whole movie. marley's entrance, as the locks on scrooge's door fly open of their own accord and the sound of chains rattling echo throughout the house, is wonderfully creepy. but finlay's marley is no ethereal spirit. he is a tortured soul, inspiring both horror and pity. marley may be a ghost, but his rage and regret over a life wasted on the pursuit of wealth, and his despair at his realization that his sins are now beyond redress, are still very human. as portrayed by finlay, we have no problem believing that even the flinty scrooge would be shaken by this nightmarish apparition. finlay really steals the scene here, something not easy to do when you're opposite george c. scott.and it just goes on and on, one remarkable performance after another, making it seem like you're experiencing this story for the first time. edward woodward (remember him from the equalizer?) is by turns both jovial and menacing as the ghost of christmas present. when he delivers the famous line, "it may well be that in the sight of heaven you are more worthless and less fit to live than millions like this poor man's child" he is no longer a jolly santa claus surrogate, but an avenging angel who gives scrooge a much needed verbal spanking.susannah york is a wonderfully tart tongued mrs. cratchit, and david warner brings marvelous depth to the long suffering bob cratchit, a man who goes through life bearing the triple crosses of poverty, a sick child, and an insufferable boss. his face alternately shows his cheerful courage, and also, at times, his weariness, in the face of intolerable circumstances. later, in the scene in which scrooge is shown by the ghost of christmas yet to come the cratchit family after the death of tiny tim, warner's performance, while hardly uttering a word, will move you to tears.

this story is told and retold and continues to be retold in every possibly way imagine. the immortal charles dicken's story has been recreated in every possible way imagine. i admit i have not seen the classic alistair sim version and i'm sure someday i will but i would be blown away if it touched even close to this amazing eighties version. i believe that if dickens himself had created his story for film this would be it.the story is well known, i won't go into much detail because everyone has seen it in one form or another. a rich, stingy, mean, old man is visited by the ghost of his former partner and warned about his mean ways. in order to straighten him out he is visited by three spirits, each which show him a different perspective of his life and the people he is involved with, past, present and future. finally in seeing all this before him he realizes the error of his ways in a big way and attempts retribution for all the wrong he has done.george c. scott is absolutely, undeniably perfect for this role. he takes hold of the ebeneezer scrooge role and makes it his own and creates an incredible character. he is not just a mean old man, but someone who has been effected by certain situations in his life that has made him bitter and angry at the world. there is compassion within him but he holds it below everything else and is very self involved. scott delivers the role of perfection when it comes to scrooge.not only does the leading role make this film but everything else fits into place. this is a grand epic of victorian england, dickens england is recreated before our very eyes, the sights and the sounds and you can almost feel the breeze in your face and the smells of the market. director clive donner brilliantly recreates this scene and leaves nothing to the imagination. i could watch this film on mute and be dazzled by the scenery. it's not spectacular scenery per se but it's real. the film takes us from the high class traders market to the very dismal pits of poverty and everything in between.the rest of the cast fits into their roles and brings their literary counterparts to life. bob cratchitt, played by david warner and his entire family including and especially the young tiny tim played by anthony walters were wonderful. the ghosts each had their own distinct personality and added to the dark mood of this story. a christmas carol is not a light story. dickens wrote this story for a dark period in england's life and it's one of the few christmas tales that is really dark, almost scary, and it has to be scary in order to scare a man who has been a miser for so many years into turning around. the dark feel to the story is captured in this film and is downright frightening and yet the end lifts your spirits and captures christmas miracles. the score to this film is also something to be mentioned as it is epic and grand and beautiful to listen to whether it's the actual score or the christmas music, everything fits together. apparently christmas movies are my favorite because i insist everyone see this christmas carol above all others. 10/10

as the celebration of christmas has evolved through the years, whether one concentrates on the religious or the secular traditions, it is a time when people are supposed to behave a little better to each other. that has somehow slipped past one ebenezer scrooge, merchant and money lender in 19th century london.as his nephew points out to his uncle, he doesn't keep christmas in any way because scrooge feels the whole thing is humbug. the humanity in scrooge was driven out long ago, he's a hard case, a whole lot like his 20th century counterpart, mr. potter of bedford falls, new york.but as charles dickens told this tale, redemption is not too late for any of us and a lonely ghost and three spirits visit scrooge and show him how.a christmas carol is such a timeless holiday classic that we sometimes forget that it is as much a social commentary of 19th century great britain as oliver twist was. the characters in this film are middle and lower class. the cratchits are a couple of rungs above the street people in oliver twist, but they are having to struggle to stay up there. still love and happiness radiate their home, no thanks to the guy bob cratchit works for. like george bailey who did a whole lot of good in his life and just had to be reminded how much, ebenezer scrooge needed a wake up call as to the potentiality he still had for doing some good in this old world.patrick stewart in his live performances and filmed play has pretty much taken over the part of scrooge. but george c. scott captures the old miser pretty well in this film. the meanness of him, but with a trace of sadness that makes us root for him to change. scott joins a fine tradition of people like reginald owen and alastair sim who've both done great interpretations of scrooge.among the supporting roles i particularly enjoyed david warner as bob cratchit and edward woodward as a hearty and stern spirit of christmas present. according to imdb this is one of 32 versions of a christmas carol made that they have archived and it is one of the best.

and possibly closest to the dickens story line. although i find the young ebenezer hard to watch (who's idea was that period hair, surely they could have done better than that!), scott does an incredible job as scrooge. his delivery of some of the lines from dickens finally brought it to life for me. edward woodward is everything we expect and more of the ghost of christmas present. i find g.c. scott's scrooge much more of a believable miser than the more current version done by patrick stewart. the scene christmas morning when scrooge realizes he hasn't 'missed it', is enough to convince one that scott knows how to act versus overact. he's phenomenal here. nearly the entire cast is incredible. the tiny tim in this version of the christmas carol is a little tough to look at, almost too sweet. still the music and the scenery make this a must watch every holiday. enjoy!

this is simply one of the finest renditions of dicken's classic tale. the script very accurately follows the story originally penned by dickens, and captures a perfect balance between a film atmosphere and a play atmosphere. viewers fond of either format will find enough of the story rooted in their presentation style of choice.george c. scott brings a delightfully realistic approach to the character of scrooge, and is very convincing in the character development instigated by the visits of the ghosts. i found that he was able to win me over to the point where i sympathized with the old miser, something rarely done in other versions. the superb job done by the supporting actors add greatly to this production, which is simply the most enjoyable of all the christmas carol versions i have seen.

"telefilms" tend to fall under the pitfalls of a low budget and a hasty shooting schedule, which is why this film always tends to buck the trend.george c. scott embodies ebenezer scrooge perfectly, fully encompassing all of his cold tendencies, and still makes him a simpathetic character. the production value for this film was exceptional, never relying on boffo special effects or soundstage set-ups, yet relying on the depth and clarity of on-site shooting and strong backdrops. a movie that certainly stands alone.

yes i have a copy of it on vhs uncut in great condition that i transfered to dvd and if anyone one wants to bring back the memories of a christmas classic please emil me at dmd2222@verizon.net.i searched everywhere and i found nothing on this and i thought that i cant be the only one on this planet that has this classic on tape there has to be other people and if they do i fit in with them being that very very few that has this classic so i consider myself lucky and i have all of the muppets christmas except one that john denver did with the muppets again i thinks its called a smokey mountain holiday im not to sure but its close.

the setting and actors make this television movie for me the best rendition of dickens' classic tale. george c. scott is very believable as is the rest of the cast. his scrooge oozes with nastiness until the very end of the movie. then his character changes to one who is truly repentant. the 19th century english town chosen for the setting creates an ambiance that is fitting to dickens and adds to the plausibility of this film. it is a movie i watch every christmas along with the real grinch and it's a wonderful life.

i know many people have a special fondness for the alistair sim version of dickens' story, but for me, this 1984 version is the one to beat. my wife and i own a copy of this film on vhs, and we watch it together every christmas eve. i often remark that we could watch it on halloween too, because it's a very creepy ghost story.scott--typecast as scrooge--is shudderingly mean and nasty, making his transformation all the more miraculous and moving. i think it's up there with his performance in patton. the spirits are all effective, each one creepier than the last. watching the dark, floating, skeletal form of the spirit of christmas yet to come sends shivers down my spine every year. and what a supporting cast! david warner, in particular, is in top form as bob cratchit, as is susannah york as his wife. i seem to recall that this version sticks closer to the original story than most others--but i may be mistaken, as it's been several years since i read it. regardless, this is a terrific christmas classic.

so this made for tv film scores only a 7.6 on this site? bah! humbug! without question this 1984 version of dickens' classic tale is the best ever made. and yes, the hound has seen the 1951 version which was also good, but not good enough. the lack of color is perhaps the biggest shortcoming of that version, although the acting was wonderful.george c. scott is simply incredible as ebenezer scrooge. we all know the story of this stingy businessman who is haunted by the ghost of his dead partner, then by three other spirits later on that evening. scott is properly gruff as scrooge. too gruff in fact for some critics who claim he is unable to project the new-found glee that he awakens to on christmas morning after the spirits teach him a valuable lesson. but hey, this is george c. scott. he's never going to go dancing down the street in a fit of joy. he has too much dignity, and his scrooge projects his emotion in a realistic manner.the supporting performances are uniformly excellent, as are the costumes, music, and scenery. 19th century london comes to life in clive donner's visionary style. the film even borders on frightening in several scenes involving the spirits. the important tale of morality shines through in every frame, though.you won't often find this version aired on television anymore, and that is a disappointment. the 1984 version of a christmas carol should be a required part of every household's celebration of the holiday. when the decorations come out of the basement, this film should find its way into the dvd player at least once during the season.10 of 10 stars.the hound.

far richer in texture and character than even the classics from the 30's and 50's. george c. scott was born to be scrooge, just as he was born to be patton. mr. scott will be known as one of the greatest actors of the 20th century. the character of scrooge as played by mr. scott seemed to jump off the screen. scott as scrooge brought an richer, more robust, yet a more deeply moving scrooge to the screen than any of his predecessors in the role of the meanest man in 18th century london. mr. scott seemed to bring scrooge to a more personal, understandable yet highly conflicted level; his role was acted with the great authority scott always bring to the screen: yet his usual bellicose voice would sometimes be brought to a whisper, almost as a soliloquy, as he would berate the christmas holiday in one breath, yet reveal his own human frailty in his next line. he could portray the sour and crusty scrooge, and a misunderstood, sympathetic scrooge all in the same scene.truly a remarkable performance by a giant of his generation.

this 1984 version of the dickens' classic `a christmas carol,' directed by clive donner, stars george c. scott as ebenezer scrooge. by this time around, the challenge for the filmmaker was to take such familiar material and make it seem fresh and new again; and, happily to say, with this film donner not only met the challenge but surpassed any expectations anyone might have had for it. he tells the story with precision and an eye to detail, and extracts performances from his actors that are nothing less than superlative, especially scott. one could argue that the definitive portrayal of scrooge-- one of the best known characters in literary fiction, ever-- was created by alastair sim in the 1951 film; but i think with his performance here, scott has now achieved that distinction. there is such a purity and honesty in his scrooge that it becomes difficult to even consider anyone else in the role once you've seen scott do it; simply put, he is scrooge. and what a tribute it is to such a gifted actor; to be able to take such a well known figure and make it so uniquely his own is quite miraculous. it is truly a joy to see an actor ply his trade so well, to be able to make a character so real, from every word he utters down to the finest expression of his face, and to make it all ring so true. it's a study in perfection.the other members of the cast are splendid as well, but then again they have to be in order to maintain the integrity of scott's performance; and they do. frank finlay is the ghost of jacob marley; a notable turn, though not as memorable, perhaps, as the one by alec guinness (as marley) in the film, `scrooge.' angela pleasence is a welcome visage as the spirit of christmas past; edward woodward, grand and boisterous, and altogether convincing as the spirit of christmas present; and michael carter, grim and menacing as the spirit of christmas yet to come.david warner hits just the right mark with his bob cratchit, bringing a sincerity to the role that measures up well to the standard of quality set by scott's scrooge, and susannah york fares just as well as mrs. cratchit. the real gem to be found here, though, is the performance of young anthony walters as tiny tim; it's heartfelt without ever becoming maudlin, and simply one of the best interpretations-- and the most real-- ever presented on film.the excellent supporting cast includes roger rees (fred holywell, and also the narrator of the film), caroline langrishe (janet holywell), lucy gutteridge (belle), michael gough (mr. poole) and joanne whalley (fan). a flawless presentation, this version of `a christmas carol' sets the standard against which all others must be gauged; no matter how many versions you may have seen, watching this one is like seeing it for the first time ever. and forever after, whenever you think of scrooge, the image your mind will conjure up will be that of george c. scott. a thoroughly entertaining and satisfying experience, this film demands a place in the annual schedule of the holiday festivities of every home. i rate this one 10/10.

i was reviewing some old vhs tapes i have and came across the tv show john denver & the muppets a christmas together.this made me go to my computer and look it up to see if i could find a dvd version of this show to buy. i was disappointed not to be able to find it yet on dvd. the show aired in 1979 and was a delightful show. i have the record and the cd but i would love to buy a dvd version of this show. the tape is old and picture quality is pretty good but fading, the sound is not as good as the cd. there is also a few other songs not put on the cd. as a fan of john denver and of the muppets, a dvd of this show would really be a good seller. if you don't have the cd it is a wonderful chritmas collection of songs taken from that show. the album is also good if you can find it and still have a record player to play it on.

this is a movie that has a lot of things that only japanese people can understand. even well translated, there are some things that are obviously private jokes or regional symbolism. my guess is that it tried to send a message of some sort, but that just got wasted on me.what i felt that is basically this is a mediocre movie with nice special effects. some kid becomes "the one" and in the end has almost no relevance to a yokai war that makes no sense whatsoever anyway. it would have been nice to understand what the hell they were talking about, but between the azumi bean washing yokai and the one that looks like a big tongued umbrella (rihanna eat your heart out!) i couldn't really discern the plot.bottom line: nice visuals, the kid screams a lot, the river princess is terrible cute and the rest is crap.

the only reason i'm giving this a 9 is that the other kid actors who played tadashi's tormentors were not up to the job. i presume they were just kids who happened to be the right age and handy, but they were not well coached, and their scenes were a minor annoyance. i say not to judge this by u.s. standards because it's full of ambiguities and the kinds of equivocations that japanese culture readily embraces, and is not beholden to the black-hat/ white-hat moral constraints u.s. kids' films are routinely subjected to. for example, there is a preciously funny moment when tadashi's small band of yokai companions finds themselves let down and abandoned by the other yokai, and shojo--the avuncular kirin herald--does what many a stressed-out japanese adult would do. hint: this would not happen in a disney film. this picture also has the best product placement for beer you will ever see in a kids' movie. early on, there's a moment where a school teacher smacks a couple of bullies on the head with her attendance book. there was a tv commercial in japan a couple years before this movie came out. it was a stop-motion clay animation about a kid who's depressed and playing guitar and singing the blues in his room. his mother yells at him from downstairs to shut up. then, someone gives him a candy bar and he cheers up and sings a happy tune, but his mother comes in and tells him to shut up again and gives him a dope slap that leaves a dent in his forehead. i mention this commercial, because it was considered funny, and i didn't hear any objections to it while i was there. there is a lot more bloodshed and physical cruelty on screen in "the great yokai war" than one would find in a disney movie. as a parent, if this were a u.s. film, i would be up in arms about such things, although not necessarily the moral lessons drawn at the end of the picture, which, of course, are also not black and white. since it's a japanese movie, i accept that those cultural norms allow for imagery that would not get past the standards and practices cops in a u.s. production. however, i'd probably be a little uneasy taking young kids to see it without giving them some sort of pre-show briefing and/or post-show debriefing about the violence and other off- color stuff, or i'd wait till they're older to show it to them.

i just finished watching this movie and i must say that i was so impressed.everything about it was superb. the acting the characters, the story. a believable child who grew into brave, always willing to help others. his mum must be proud. i could not take my eyes off this film for fear of missing something. it is the prefect fable/tale with morals, cute and scary sprites and 'monsters' but nevertheless heartwarming folk. a child poked and bullied at school who becomes a hero. picked to be a rider at the local village festival and a journey to the goblin mountain where he discovers the yokai, who are amazing creations that brian froud would be proud of. and the evil kato and his off sider who definitely needed a hug. these evil people capture the yokai and throw them into a red pit along with unwanted objects, like motorbikes and other mechanical things and these meld into one horribly violent robotic monsters whose only job is to kill. takashi a young boy is the one to become their saviour, alongside a red man/dragon a turtle man and a river princess as well as a cute little creature that, if it had been america they could have turned it into a cuddly toy and sold it at all good toy stores. the lines are good especially the don't try this at home kids and other gems that bring a smile to your lips. suspend belief and watch this with a child or on your own and enjoy! though i must admit that the end was a wee bit sad. and not necessarily so. cheers furdion

takashi miike is one of my favorite directors and i was worried about him doing a kids film, because i would hate to see him depart from his films i came to love: visitor q, gozu, izo, ichi the killer and black socioty trilogy. lately he seems to be exploring new territory and i think he's succeeding. still this was the first of his films i'd seen him take that direction, so i was nervous. of coarse i bought it without seeing it and was glad i did.great yokai war is a perfect kids film and adults should like it too. the whole film reminded me so much of the movies i loved as a child: neverending story, labyrinth, return to oz, etc. i enjoyed those films because they didn't treat kids like they're stupid and this one doesn't either. the dark underlying morals are there, but, it's also as silly as any kids film should be. i personally wasn't bothered by the cgi and prosthetics. i feel like they fit well and don't think kids will notice.if you are a die hard takashi miike fan, you may not like this one. but, i suggest giving it a shot. it proves that miike is as diverse and talented as i suspected he is. he also continues to make his signature miike films outside of these ones, which is very reassuring.to those people that are new to takashi miike and want something light hearted or dramatic like this one, i suggest these other miike films: 'zebraman' 'the happiness of the katakuris' 'sabu' and 'the bird people in china.' good job takashi miike! 8/10 stars.

"yokai daisenso" is a children's film by takashi miike, but as you might expect, it's probably a bit too dark & scary for younger ones. however, older children may well eat this up, that is, if you play it dubbed in english.the story is that of a young boy, who has moved with his mother to the country, to live with his grandfather, after a divorce. during a village festival the boy is chosen as a "kirin rider", a great honor, but with that honor comes much danger and adventure, of course.meanwhile, evil doings are at hand as a woman in a white mini skirt, go-go boots & a beehive hair-do, teams up with an evil yokai to turn people's resentments and discarded items against them. and this evil has manifested itself as a flying city in the form of a monster that heads for the city of rage itself, tokyo. one quite funny scene has two derelicts watching the monster fly over the city...says one, "oh, it's only gamera". the young boy has befriended yokai, which are monsters of a kind, mostly benign, that have isolated themselves away from humans, and all the yokai in japan band together to fight the evil.in many ways miike & crew have taken the late 60's/early 70's yokai films and turned them into a modern action adventure film for (older) kids that also combines some strange mechanical monsters that made me think of "transformers". the look and feel of the film is great, the effects are entertaining, and some of the humor will just sail right over kid's heads, but still, older ones might enjoy it. as for adults, there's not much here not to like, if you're a fan of japanese monster movies you'll enjoy the heck out of this.cool & fun stuff, kind of dark at times but perhaps that's just miike..and what a wild ride. 8 out of 10.

yokai monsters: spook warfare (yokai daisenso, 2005) a movie about "yokai" or traditional japanese "monsters" of folklore. it is alternatively known as big monster war or as ghosts on parade.the yokai of the first installment include the teapot freak, kappa water imp, a living 'brella, a woman whose sheeks can grow extremely gigantic, a woman with a second face on the back of her head, a dwarf priest with an enormous gourd-like wrist, & so on.these sorts of whimsical monsters derive not only from fairy lore, but from a type of summer entertainment of the tokugawa era, comparable to today's halloween haunted houses, or the "freak shows" of yesteryear but with exclusively phony freaks. ghosts & goldfish monsters & dancing one-headed umbrellas were trumped up to create "chills" during the hot summers. the fatcheek woman & such were recreated by tricks or illusions, based on monsters depicted in medieval scrolls; & if their design for the movie is a bit simple & hoky, this makes them all the more representative of what historically was recreated for summer chills.these rather endearing monsters have to face off & destroy an ancient babylonian vampire demon who has come to japan & disguised himself as a samurai lord. despite that some of the japanese apparitions are a bit goofy, & too many of the costumes scarsely more than masks without even moving lips as they speak, it is all played very poker-faced & is very charming. it has some beautiful cinematography, much as would be provided in a cgi film of the same decade. viewed in the right mood or with the right friends, it is exciting, moving & touching.yoshiyuki kuroda also directed the famed lone wolf & cub: white heaven & hell (1974) &and was the special fx director for the excellent daimajin trilogy. the yokai monsters series is not the equal of majin at its best, but the yokai are nevertheless great fun. the first miike movie which is the most child-oriented of his family films, with the gozu & izoo consecutively more serious though none too severe for young viewers.

2005 toronto film festival report it is official; "takashi miike" is whacked.the annual midnight screening of the new "takashi miike" film, "the big spook war" or "the great yokai war" or "yôkai daisensô". call it what you will this is a fanatical ride.colin geddes, the fearless programmer stated this film was originally geared towards children in japan. think of "lord of the rings" or "neverending story" for japan. after the screening i can understand where they were going with that, but damn this is "takashi miike" after all. he directed the '01 film "ichi the killer", when it screening at the festival barf bags were handed out at the screening. and no, that wasn't just a marketing ploy.plot summary: a young boy with a troubled home life becomes "chosen," and he stumbles into the middle of a great spirit war, where he meets a group of friendly spirits who become his companions through his journey.this is not really for kids, well not 'too' young. certainly see them getting scared shitless with some of these spirits (even the friendly ones) on display. this is unlike anything i've seen in the movie theater before. a fantasy naturally, some very funny (but dark) material. you will not be bored can guarantee that. will this ever hit north america? doubtful.my rating = b

what a strangely wonderful, if sometimes slight and bulky, big-budget fantasy this is. takashi miike had already proved, by the time he got to the great yokhai war, that he could dip into other films aside from his supposed niche of the crime/yakuza genre (visitor q and andromedia showed this, the former great the latter lesser). but here miike, in his first and only co-screen writing credit no less, proves that he can deliver the goods on a post-modern soup of mythical fantasy conventions, and with it boatload of cgi, creature-effects and make-up, and an epic battle that is more like a "festival" than something out of lord of the rings. the comparisons can be made far and wide, to be sure, and the most obvious to jump on would be miyazaki, for the seemingly unique mixture of kids-as-big-heroes, power-hungry sorcerers looking for the energy of the earth as the main source, machinery as the greatest evil, and many bizarrely defined, flamboyantly designed creatures (or yokai of the title). but there can also be comparisons made to star wars, especially to the gungan battle in tpm, and to the whole power-play between good and evil with similar forces. or to anime like samurai 7. or, of course, to henson's films. and through all of these comparisons, and even through the flaws or over-reaching moments, it's miike all the way with the sensibilities of effects and characters. here, ryunosuke kamiki plays tadashi, the prototypical kid who starts out sort of gullible and sensitive to things in the world, but will become the hero in a world going into darkness. the darkness is from an evil sorcerer, who gets his energy from all of the rage and wretched vibes in the human world, and who is also starting to put to death the spirits and other creatures, the yokhai, into a fire that sends them into gigantic robots that have only one mission- to destroy and kill anything in their paths. tadashi gets as pumped up to fight sato the sorcerer as the yokai once sato's main minion and cohort, agi (kill bill's chiaki kuriyama, another great villainies) steals tadashi's little furry companion, a sunekosuri. soon, things come to a head, in a climax that brings to mind many other fantasy films and stories, but can only be contained, up to a point, by miike and his crew. i would probably recommend the great yokai war for kids, but in the forward note that it's not some watered down fantasy in american circles. this has creatures galore, including a one-eyed umbrella stand, and a walking, talking wall, not to mention a turtle, a fire serpent, and a woman who became cursed by sato. so the variety is on high on that end, and one might almost feel like the creatures and effects- which grows to unfathomable heights when the "festival" hits with the yokai reaching hundreds of miles in scope. but there's also a sense of fantasy being strong in both the light and the dark, and sunekosuri becomes perhaps the greatest emotional tool at miike's disposal (and not just because it's cuteness squared); where else to get an audience riled up than over a little furry ball of fury, who ends up in a tragic battle with tadashi in robot form? yet through all of this, the sense of anarchy that can be found in the brightest spots of miike's career is here as well, which distinguishes it from its animated, muppet and sci-fi counterparts. there's the bizarre humor as usual, including a song dedicated to akuzi beans at a crucial moment in the climax, and more than a few flights of fancy with the creatures and fight scenes (i loved, for example, the guy with the big blue head who has to make it smaller, or the anxious turtle-yokai). the biggest danger with miike's access to bigger special effects and computer wizardry, which he flirts with, is overkill on this end. he's got everything down, i'm sure, with storyboards, and he creates some memorable impressions with some compositions (one of them is when all is said and done, and tadashi and the 'other' human character are in the middle of the tokyo rubble in an overhead shot), but the cgi is sometimes a little unconvincing with the robots, and the interplay skirts on being too flamboyant, and some visuals, like the overlay of the yokai spreading the word about the big festival on the map, just seem weak and pat. i almost wondered if miike might dip into (bad) spy kids territory, quite frankly.but this liability aside, the great yokai war provides more than a share of excitement, goofy thrills, and innocent melodrama that came with many of the best childhood fantasies. it owes a lot to cinema, as well as traditional japanese folklore, but the screws are always turning even in its most ludicrous and veeringly confusing beats. it's not the filmmaker at his very best, but working in experimentation in a commercial medium ends up working to his advantage. it's got a neat little message, and lots of cool adventure. 7.5/10

a lot people get hung up on this films tag as a "children's film", and that it certainly is, though it is one made for adults. takashi miike uses the fantasy genre, particularly, the children's fantasy genre, as a springboard into the wild territory that is the great yokai war.the setup is simple a boy is selected to play the "hero" in this years annual festival, only to discover his role is much more real than he could have imagined. what follows is a hallucinatory, grotesque, whimsical, and often funny journey through the world of japanese folklore, but wait there's also an evil villain on the lose who wants to destroy the world. however, the villain here, is not a mere demon, it is the demon-spirit of the accumulated resentment of those things which humans "use" and "discard". usuing a chamber made out of pure liquid hate/resentment, the villain transforms the vibrant colorful yokai spirits into soulless ten foot tall makeshift robots which chainsaw for arms and eyes like burning coals(those whove played the video game, sonic the hedghog, might remember a certain dr. robotnik performing similar procedures to the cute and cuddly's who sonic had to then "liberate").the hero in this film is actually the least interesting character, essentially playing the straight man, in a world gone suddenly mad. though he does go through the typical heroes trials he more often than not cowers, as do many of the yokia themselves, who seem truly defenseless against the murderous robots, some spirits being umbrellas with eyes, talking walls, or creatures whose soul purpose in life is to count beans...of course in this magical world of miike's yokai war even beans take a magical power when one believes in them.in several ways this film subverts the normal conventions of children's fantasy, as few, if any, of the characters are heroic, their victory being a combination of happenstance, almost arbitrary faith, and a desire to party. the yokai spirits, only rally together and lay siege the villains hideout, after they mistake the end of the world invasion of earth for a great yokai festival, and even then only to dance and party. also the film ends not with the usual celebratory all's well that ends well fantasy ending, but with a final scene, showing our hero years older, with an adult job, now unable to see the yokai spirits of his youth, who then despondently turn to the villain, who being a spirit can never really die. this ending, with it's yokai spirit who is the spitting image of pokemon's pikachu, warns us not just of leaving behind our childhood selves, but of the horrors of over-consumption. the villain is resentment caused when humans no longer have reverence for the world and the objects around them(in japanese folklore nearly every object has some kind of spirit), and so when they are used and discarded as we in consumer societies do without reverence, they become soulless vengeful machines, not unlike those seen in modern video games, suggesting that though our imaginations and myths do not ever really die, but can become deformed.this is one of the first scripts miike has contributed to, and i believe it shows, as there's a tightness conceptually that sometimes gets swept under the rug by his exuberance for visual playfulness. though i've focused mostly on the story (since lots of users here seem to write it off), i do want to say that visually it's a kaleidescope of cgi, stop animation, costume, and live puppetry, that works remarkably well. there's a dreamlike quality to a lot of the film, and the miyazaki comparisons are warranted, as are the neverending story and labrynth comparisons, though this film is sharper and more adult than either. the yokai are beaten, brutalized, and turned into machines of living hate, who i believe even kill a few humans, a deformed aborted calf with a mans face is born and dies in the films grotesque opening, while a sexual undercurrent, the women with the long neck licking the face of our boy hero, or another characters persistent memory of touching the thigh of a young scantily clad water spirit as a boy, seem to linger a bit too long for most western tastes, especially when considering this is a "children's film". however these are slight enough to catch adult attentions while minor enough, not to traumatize any children to bad. grims fairy tales, before revisions, did much worse, far more often.all and all this is one of miikes most accessible and engaging ventures yet, with enough visual drama and great performances(the yokai spirits have a humanism and an absurd humor to them, thats laugh out loud funny at times) to appeal to audiences of all ages, and a steady conceptual undercurrent strong enough to draw in an adult audience who have presumably brought their children or else come out of a sense of nostalgia for the long lost fantasy films of their youth. the latter group the film seems to address the most fervently asking that they not just continue passive consumption of the world around them, but show reverence to those spirits within them which seemed so much closer to reality in childhood. another beautiful, funny, and truly original film from a thrilling director who hasn't come close to his apex. instant classic.

miike makes a children's adventure film, not unlike the neverending story. it's actually one of my least favorite of the director's films. even the worst miike is better than a good many films, though, and the great yokai war has a lot in it that's worth recommending. it's at least as loud and obnoxious as most american kiddie flicks. i might think kids themselves would find a lot to like in it (the dvd includes an english dub), but, like all of miike's films, it can tend to move very slowly. that means you've got kind of a weird unevenness, where sometimes there's a loud action sequence and the next scene will drag on forever as characters converse. the story itself isn't very good, either, and miike's perpetual flaw of incoherency rears its ugly head. most of what i liked came from the technical side of things. this has to be miike's most expensive movie, and it looks fantastic. "yokai" are japanese spirits, and they come in all different, fantastical forms, and the costume designers, special effects crew, and everyone else involved in the designs just did an outstanding job. i've seen the 1968 film this one is supposedly based on (yokai monsters: spook warfare), and the cheesy rubber-suit monsters you can find there have been transformed into more believable entities using state-of-the-art makeup and special effects. i especially liked the look of one of the bad guys (or girls, in this case), agi, who sports dark eye shadow, a tight, white outfit, a white beehive hairdo and a whip. she's played, incidentally, by chiaki kuriyama, whom you might remember as lucy liu's teenage henchgirl in kill bill: vol. 1. the hero of the film is played by ryunosuke kamiki, who provided voices for miyazaki's spirited away and howl's moving castle.

this was a favorite christmas special that i wish that they would release on vhs or dvd , since my 33 rpm got lost,and any cassettes i made are also long gone.i am not even a big john denver fan but was very impressed with the music , which was mostly traditional favorites with a muppet spin ( esp little st. nick ! ) it also contained a few little known songs ( original ? ).even though it was done at the end of the '70's this show had a timeless feel to it. hoping to find a copy soon !!!

now, i have seen a lot of movies in my day, but out of every single one there have been a very select few that have been really good to me. and i'm a 19 year old man which is impressed by this movie directed towards a younger audience. this is a very underrated gem for those who watch foreign movies. almost all the acting is believable, the graphics are decent (for which you won't even be caring about as you watch the movie. trust me, bitching about the graphics would be a stupid thing to do), the story is well written and it's a movie that everyone can enjoy not just the kids.here's basically what this movie made me to. it one, made me laugh...a lot, two, made me feel for the characters like you're suppose to, and three, it's a very uplifting story. by the end of this movie you will feel good. sure, what anime out there hasn't featured some young kid turning into a great warrior and whatever to defeat some great evil. it's a formula that is used a lot. but, in this case it is forgivable because even though they use puppets for some characters and some average graphics you'd see 5 years ago, the appearance of it is not to be judged. it's very touching, the ending is original, and it keeps you into the movie like it is suppose to. if you however try comparing this to other movies like "the never-ending story" or whatever it will diverse your opinion. watch it as it is and you will enjoy it.it has been a good long while since i've been impressed like this. the only other movie where i have gotten this feeling is when i saw tmnt way back when it came out. there is something about this movie i felt about tmnt that really made me love it. so don't over-analyze or take this movie too seriously, just enjoy it.

this film is a bit reminiscent of the german film, the neverending story because a child is magically transported to a strange land in order to be a hero. however, due to far superior modern technology, puppets and cgi are used to make an amazingly realistic looking world--one that will blow your socks off due to its realism and scope.i enjoyed this film, but boy was it a chore at first! unfortunately, for most westerners, this film is one you might give up on very quickly or dismiss it since everything in the film seems so odd. however, give it a chance. don't think or try to understand everything you see--just allow the story to unfold and you will most likely enjoy the film.in many ways, this is exactly the sort of advice i'd give to adults who watch miyazaki's spirited away because it is very similar and features tons of yokai (japanese mythical spirits). the big differences between the two is that the great yokai war is live-action and spirited away is much more child-friendly. while i do think the great yokai war was intended mostly as a kids' movie, in the usa, most parents would not want to show this to younger kids because it's so violent, scary and features some adult behaviors. so who is the audience in the west? well, older kids and adults who appreciate foreign films with non-western themes and composition. this is a rather narrow audience, indeed! while you are watching, look for all the strange little touches. in fact, you could watch the film dozens of times and notice different tiny things each time. a few of the funny references i liked were the comment about gamera, the scene that came with the comment "kids: don't try this at home" as well as the use of kirin beer to allow a person to actually see the yokai (hmm,...perhaps that scene should have also contained this warning)! by the way, director takashi miike is a hard one to pin down stylistically, other than to say that none of his stories i've seen have seemed "normal". some of his films are rather disgusting and disturbing and i hated them (especially audition and ichi the killer)whereas some of them are magical and among the best films i've ever seen (the happiness of the katakuris). one thing for sure, it's hard to watch one of his films and not have a strong reaction one way or the other.

wow! so much fun! probably a bit much for normal american kids, and really it's a stretch to call this a kid's film, this movie reminded me a quite a bit of time bandits - very terry gilliam all the way through. while the overall narrative is pretty much straight forward, miike still throws in a lot of surreal and bunuel-esquire moments. the whole first act violently juxtaposes from scene to scene the normal family life of the main kid/hero, with the spirit world and the evil than is ensuing therein. and while the ending does have a bit of an ambiguous aspect that are common of miike's work, the layers of meaning and metaphor, particularly the anti-war / anti-revenge message of human folly, is pretty damn poignant. as manic and imaginatively fun as other great miike films, only instead of over the top torture and gore, he gives us an endless amount of monsters and yokai from japanese folk-lore creatively conceived via cg and puppetry wrapped into an imaginative multi-faceted adventure. f'n rad, and one of miike's best!

wow! so much fun! probably a bit much for normal american kids, and really it's a stretch to call this a kid's film, this movie reminded me a quite a bit of time bandits - very terry gilliam all the way through. while the overall narrative is pretty much straight forward, miike still throws in a lot of surreal and bunuel-esquire moments. the whole first act violently juxtaposes from scene to scene the normal family life of the main kid/hero, with the spirit world and the evil than is ensuing therein. and while the ending does have a bit of an ambiguous aspect that are common of miike's work, the layers of meaning and metaphor, particularly the anti-war / anti-revenge message of human folly, is pretty damn poignant. as manic and imaginatively fun as other great miike films, only instead of over the top torture and gore, he gives us an endless amount of monsters and yokai from japanese folk-lore creatively conceived via cg and puppetry wrapped into an imaginative multi-faceted adventure. f'n rad, and one of miike's best!

one of director miike takashi's very best. it's so good it's difficult to put into words. at nearly fifteen years older than the target audience it thrilled me from beginning to end.it recalls similar children's films from the 1980s in the sense that (unlike today) those films weren't afraid to scare - there's a lot of nasty detail here that i initially found jarring but soon realised it's nothing different to what i grew up on. the film is a compilation of '80s kid's films conventions. you name it, it's there: a young boy hero thrust from his own unhappy/dysfunctional world into another, inhabited by mythical and mystical goblins; a quest to save both worlds from an evil force; a beautiful heroine he has a crush on; a sadistic henchwoman (go-go yubari from kill bill vol. 1); a lead villain who draws his evil power from something everyone in the world can relate to. but all these genre conventions are given a fresh spin and added depth.one of the imdb reviews begins "where was this film when i was a kid?" and it's a sentiment i agree with wholeheartedly. even while watching it i lamented the fact that i hadn't grown up on it; that it wasn't a part of my childhood like labyrinth, masters of the universe and, to a much lesser extent, the neverending story. those films, and others like the goonies are recalled but never copied - miike relentlessly offering us a new take on things.poor cgi is a staple of many of his films, sometimes due to budgetary limitations but just as frequently an artistic choice - a desire to present things in an outlandish way. here the cgi is mostly average, solely due to budgetary limitations, but nevertheless he does a fantastic job of putting on a spectacle. the cg effects combine with traditional puppets, animatronics and truly extraordinary make-up to create a world filled with rich characters (and characterisation) that frequently borders on the visionary.this ranks as one of the greatest children's films ever made. not for younger or more sensitive kids though.just jaw-droppingly wonderful. see it for yourselves and if you think your kids can handle/appreciate it then show it to them. let them grow up on the great yokai war as some small compensation for the fact you couldn't.

also known as the big spook war. the great yokai war is miike's attempt at a family film and damn fine job he does as well. the problem is that i can't imagine many parents wanting to subject their children to this movie. the best kids movies are the ones that are scary or have mildly disturbing imagery, neverending story and return to oz spring to mind, but in the case of the great yokai war miike probably takes things a little too far. in fact at the screening i was at the person introducing the movie reiterated to the two families there that it was probably not very suitable.the film kicks off with the young hero of the piece introducing himself and explaining about his current family problems. this brief moment of mundanity is sharply broken as a cow gives birth to a calf with the face of a human whom screams that something horrendous is coming before falling dead like the abomination it is (it is quite possible that the sheer hideousness of the creature is some bizarre quato homage).following an incredible introduction for main baddie kato, and his henchwoman agi (a surprisingly attractive chiaki kuriyami), by way of an apocalyptic army raising. the story reverts to normal for a while, but it doesn't take long before any and all logic goes down the drain and the young boy teams up with a group of miyazaki rejects to take out the evil sorcerer.the plot of the movie is fairly basic and surprisingly hackneyed at times, the entire chosen one just seems completely out of place in a movie which so regularly breaks clichés, but is aided by a simple awe inspiring vision of a magical world. this really is a miyazaki movie made into a live action movie, albeit a much seedier and more vicious than usual miyazaki movie.the film is simply a joy to look at the designs of the yokai is colourful, and largely practical, while the evil robotic monstrosities while not displaying the best cgi in the world have a practicality and menace to them which gives them far more of a palpable threat than you would imagine.the cast is uniformly excellent, they just make their characters seem perfectly natural which is commendable when you consider that most of them are in full body makeup or latex suits. even agi lumbered with a ridiculous beehive comes across as sultry and deadly thanks to surprisingly excellent acting from kuriyami.while the film does have many elements which put it firmly into family movie territory; cute creatures, junior heroes, a thoroughly evil villain, a sense of mischief and adventure, and a telling lack of violence. there are elements which make you question whether miike should have directed such a movie.the robot army is a genuinely terrifying menace everyday items warped into monstrous beasts that look like t-101 sans skin and with added chainsaws. these beasts rip characters to pieces; suck creatures into their blood stained mouths, and abduct children from their homes by swiping them right from under their parent's nose before indulging in a little patricide.the creation of the creature is equally arduous for young minds. the yokai, essentially the heroes, are feed into a giant furnace full of a liquidised form of hate which corrodes the yokai's flesh and forces their angry souls to possess lumps of metal. if kids thought smouldering anakin was bad wait til they see a man sized hedgehog burning to death in a vat of molten hatred for a minute before being turned into an abomination of a motorcycle. there is also limb severing, in one case a severed hand twitches in front of the camera dripping with blood, a fair amount of sexual energy (agi wears one dress designed specifically for fan service and seems to only have sleeping with kato as motivation, while the princess of the rivers wears next to nothing and gets her thighs groped by the young hero in several scenes), and general humour which will go right over the heads of those that this technicolour wonder was seemingly designed for.spoilers an example of this being that the yokai only become interested in the final battle when they think it is a big party. the subsequent battle more of a festival than anything, complete with beer, crowd surfing and moshing. also a scene where agi beats the tar out of a cute furry creature seems designed to appeal to the masses jaded by pokemon overkill.end spoilers at the end of the day the great yokai war is easily on of miike's stronger recent films. while it lacks some of the perverse charm of say gozu or ichi it is just continually pushing the audience down a road of general insanity. in fact this is easily miike's most deranged movie in that he embraces the sheer magic of the subject so wholeheartedly.well worth a watch just for the occasional flash of gogo arse.

i vaugely recall seeing this when i was 3 years old, then my parents accidentally taped over all but a few seconds of it with some other cartoon. then i was about 8 or 9 years old when i rediscovered it and since i was then able to comprehend things better, i thought it was a good movie then. fast forward to just a few weeks ago (june 2006) when i re-re discovered it thanks to some internet articles/video clips and it's just not the same movie. i'm sure it's still good with the kids, but to us 20-30 somethings it's definitely got "cult status" written all over it. it's a shame that the original production went through a painful process; if fox gave it enough time it would probably be more recognized in the public eye today. maybe if they were to remake it with a totally different story and an all star voice cast it could be, but that's for fox to decide. i'm rambling here, i know. i still think it's a great film, but it could be better than great.

...in our household. like everyone else who has commented on this movie, my brothers (7 & 4 years old at the time) and i (10) would watch this movie over and over again. we all loved star wars, but we always went back to this one because of the great songs and the adventure. we all loved the camel and would sing at the top of our lungs with him during his song. there are some slow moments (the time spent with king koo-koo in his court) and we generally got bored after the knight's song ("the reason that i {sound effect} is because i loooooove you"), but we loved the journey to rescue babbette and the ending and were all a little freaked out by the picture of king koo-koo floating there dominating the entire horizon, laughing maniacally at the end. i still to this day sing "hooray for me! babbette of gay paris!" around my friends (i'm 33 now) who just look at me as if i've lost my mind; however, when i'm singing it i'm 10 years old again remembering the wonderful year of star wars.

this raggedy ann and andy movie is so adorable. we love watching ann and andy sing and dance, along with the camel with the wrinkled knees. this movie is what made the camel with the wrinkled knees so popular, singing his song, "i'm nobodies i love you". if you love raggedy ann and andy watch the movie and you will see why it's a movie the kids love, and adults!

the last time i saw the movie i was around seven years, so my opinions might be jaded over time. at the time i enjoyed the filming that switched between cartoon and live action. at the time i felt sad for the blue camel and his sad life. also i felt glee when after captain contagious kidnapped the heroine (a princess or toy shepherdess) the tables the were turned on him. unfortunately the producers never decided to transfer this movie to vhs, so all i have are twenty year old memories. i am sure that if i saw the movie again i would consider it corny and sappy, but i really enjoyed it the movie at the time.

never when i was a child did i love any movie more then this one. i would love to own it. i watched it every sunday they played it on the family film festival. it is an enjoyable film suitable for the whole family and the songs are wonderful.

richard willaims is an animation god. he was hampered in directing this film by the producer. the final product is a very uneven film with a very convoluted story, but some amazing moments of animation (like emery hawkins' "greedy"). joe raposo's repetitive music doesn't help either. it was made in wide screen so the vhs doesn't show it in all it's glory, let's hope for a letterboxed dvd someday. still it's worth watching for some eye popping animation.

personally, this is one of my favorites of all time! no, i'm not 10.. i'm 30! i own an old, original vhs of this that i bought from a rental store. i've watched it countless times..while it's an amusing movie for kids, it's an intriguing movie for adults. i once saw this movie whiile i was.. not sober. my eyes were opened to things i had never noticed before. i saw morals being strongly encouraged, both overtly and somewhat subliminally.. i wish i could remember all the things i noticed in particular, but it's been a very long time since then. rest assured, there are tons of things that are alluded to throughout the movie. if you get the chance to view it.. not sober.. do so, you won't be disappointed.. as a matter of fact, you will probably feel rather happy and warm.unique and wonderful!

i believe i received this film when i was a young buck. i remembered watching it as a child, but i could never find the film. i remembered good ol rageddy ann, andy, babette, the greedy, king koo koo. i searched high and low for this movie and still no luck. but one day when i was moving out of my childhood home i had found it. we were reunited. i am 17 years old now. i still watch it. all the time actually. it's one of the funniest and touching movies i have ever seen and enjoyed at the same time. and personally i think they should make a sequel. mmm, yes a sequel indeed. now i am even considering getting the captains bird tattooed somewhere on my body!

takashi miike's incursion into kiddie territory won me over almost immediately because he demonstrates nerve and bravery in dealing with fantasy elements. this is a fairy tale that dares to be dark. even as a kid, i thought that there was something sinister about most fairy tales; horrible things happen to people in most children's books. miike understands that these classic tales are a bit scarier (and more disturbing) than what they appear to be at first glance. the filmmaker takes the archetypical story of a kid on a wondrous quest out of the preschool classroom. he accentuates the very real fears of a world filled with never-ending hazardous missions. westerners like to downplay the seriousness behind bedtime stories written specifically for kids. i appreciated the fact that miike was more honest than most american filmmakers. he goes for the jugular of the story but he also shows signs of restrain. but a self-possessed miike is still stranger than most filmmakers. i thought it was a great film. highly recommended.

i have very fond memories of this film, as i saw it with my two younger sisters when it first shown theatrically in 1977 and i was eight years old. apparently it was deemed a failure - and is now practically forgotten (the pan-and scan videocassette - which never did justice to the picture or it's ambitious panavision compositions is now out-of -print.) the film is very stylized (shades of yellow submarine) and admittedly uneven. some of the characters and sequences are exquisite while others are somewhat juvenile and undistinguished. the sad discarded blue camel (shades of eeyore) and his blue song are truly heartwarming. joe raposo's songs are for the most part simply beautiful. definitely a worthwhile curiousity that will probably (sadly) fall into total obscurity.

now here's a film straight out of my childhood, my family used to taped; but it kind of got tapped over and losted over the years. now i was fortunate to watch the whole film on youtube.com; i had love this wonderful film when i watched it as kid, and after watching again (online), i still do today. my favorite song from the movie is "candy hearts and paper flowers" (i will always remember that sweet song forever). i was surprised when i looked at the opening credits (on who animated who),that some of the animators date back to 1930s (wow! that's like 47 years).

this is a very strange film by director/animator richard williams. all who know of william's work know it's a bit off-kilter (if not ingenious) but this one takes the cake.it features two hapless ragdolls who have to save their owner's new french doll from a lustful pirate toy and find themselves at the mercy of several bizarre characters along the way. the strength in this movie lies primarily in its aesthetic quality; its strange character designs, its powerful animation, and its stark contrast of the sweet and scary. williams' brilliant animation portrayed raggedy ann and andy as real rag dolls, floppy and darned, rather than simple cartoon versions of the dolls, which made it more believable (at least in a visual sense). the animation shines on the bring us the camel-with-the-wrinkled-knees, whose body walks with two different personalities controlling each end, the silent-movie chase with sir leonard looney and, of course, the greedy.the greedy animation, on its own, is possibly the most exquisite psychedelic animation i've ever seen. there's something about this animation that just makes your jaw drop--and every second it's something new. living in what was deemed "the taffy pit," the greedy is a massive blob man that lives in and mercilessly eats sweets. he sings a song that i can't help but feel hold some sexual undertones, then tries to kill raggedy ann for her candy heart.the only complaint i have about this film is that there are too many songs. it continuously bogs down the movie's pace because there are sixteen of them. there are about six good songs (which should have been the only ones) including "i look, and what do i see?", "no girl's toy", "blue" (though they didn't need to make him sing it twice), "i never get enough", "because i love you" and maybe "i'm home." the others just seem unnecessary and frankly aren't too amazing to listen to.this is a weird film with strange undertones, but if that's what you're looking for, you won't find better.

raggedy ann & andy is the first movie i ever saw in the theaters. my dad took my sister and i, and the funny thing is - when we got home, dad asked us "what do you want to do now?" and we said we want to watch raggedy ann & andy again! lol, and my dad actually took us back to the theatre to watch it again -- at least that's how i remember it. i was five years old at the time.this movie was pretty scary for a five year old. the scene with the giant ocean of sweets, and the hypnotic camel scene.. i don't remember a lot from this film, naturally, the beginning was magical, and a few scenes -- i wish i could find it again, and will likely seek it out now.i remember i loved raggedy ann & andy.

i saw this movie at the theaters when i was about 6 or 7 years old. i loved it then, and have recently come to own a vhs version. my 4 and 6 year old children love this movie and have been asking again and again to watch it. i have enjoyed watching it again too. though i have to admit it is not as good on a little tv.i do not have older children so i do not know what they would think of it. the songs are very cute. my daughter keeps singing them over and over.hope this helps.

i saw this jolly little film at age 10/11 in 1979 when it was broadcast on cbs. i didn't know it had been in a theater at all. to rate it from a kids point of view i'd give it 4 out of 5 stars,because being a young boy at the time,it seemed a little "girlish".the climactic scene where gazooks tickles the daylights out of everyone was a bit disturbing at the time but you outgrow that sort of thing. when i re-discovered it a blockbuster video in 1995,i had to revisit it! i still liked it despite the fact that it looked a bit "old". i don't know where the other reviewer on here got the idea that it wasn't on vhs.it's out there. might even be on dvd by now,at least i hope it is. i want to share it with my kids someday! 10 stars on here,it's still a great kids film. (end)09/08/2009 : finally found a vhs copy!! woo-hoo!

raggedy ann and raggedy andy the movie is about dolls that come to life when the humans aren't around. in this adventure they must rescue a kidnapped french doll named babette from the captain of pirates. on their way they journey though deep dark woods, taffy pit, and even looney land. will the aide of their new friend the camel with wrinkled knees help them or just slow them down with his hallucinations of his friends leaving him? how will they escape the kookoo king and his henchmen!? what will their owner marcella say when she sees her 7th birthday present doll gone along with her other toys? delightful surprises await the two adventurers.all scores are out of a possible 10: story: 8 - very cute. dolls that come to life when the master isn't around. not just that because they go out into many many different places, but they are in an imaginary world so anything can happen. meeting new characters, going to different places finding new friends, its great. the characters all work so well in this too and who doesn't love pirates?! acting: 8 - every character suits their voice so well. specifically the marlon brando taffy pit enemy, the greed. the french doll has a very uptight french accent, the evil hitler-esquire king kookoo (whos got hair that resembles simpson's sideshow bob) plays his role very well, and the sorrow old black man voice for camel works perfectly. why is it that old dubbed animation was soo much better than new ones? music: 10 - nothing short of perfection here. the songs have been in my head for years, and re-watching it nearly 20 years later, i can still remember each and every one of them and will now be able to know exactly where these tunes come from. joe raposo of "sesame street" fame did an excellent job with the songs for this and everyone sings real well.editing: 6 - heh, this is where it'll get confusing. i mean how far did the raggedy's walk anyway? a lot of events just seem to occur one after another and there's no telling who the other dolls and toys were as you never see them in the real world of the movie, but it does follow some sort of path and you know they'll eventually get to where they need to go, its just pretty hard to follow at times.uniqueness: 8 - between this and unico i'd have to say there's parts in both movies i will never forget no matter how hard i try to. mainly the scary parts. i've probably mentioned already how older movies were much creepier than animation of today but this takes the cake in the scary factor. outside of the south park movie and some disney films there's almost no animated musicals, or good ones of that coming out so its very unique.worth: 8- its classic. worth the hunt to get a good copy thats for sure, but the vhs copies are probably all stretched out by now. the dvd version is sold on ebay all the time and it'll definitely be something you'll watch more than once. if anything get it for the nostalgia purposes.overall score (not an average): 8 - its a wonderful timeless musical made in the late 70s and can still be enjoyed today. its characters are all unique and the songs are great. so great you might find yourself humming them time and time again. give your favorite stuffed animal a hug today! reviewer's insight (including bias): this isn't like the raggedy ann tv series made a decade later. this was way more darker and real world. the effects in this seem like a lot of other acid-trip cartoons from the 70's, in particular, yellow submarine. still, its given me memories i'll never forget, and might still influence things today. it wasn't easy to find but it'll remain a treasure to keep in my collection of dvds and videos forever.

oh, boy, god bless the 1970's, we got some of the most horrific movies that came out of that decade: the exorcist, jaws, the texas chainsaw massacre, halloween and now, raggedy ann & andy: a musical adventure. this movie must be used to torture captured terrorists into telling us about their evil plans to destroy the world, i mean seriously, this movie scared the heck out of me. my sister had this movie in her vhs collection and i was kind of curious what kind of movie they would make out of a doll that came out of the great depression for kids with very little pocket money. what the heck? it's kinda funny how this movie is the 1970's version of toy story, pretty much down to a key, only this was a thousand times scarier, disney had alice in wonderland to get into the drug trips for the children.whenever marcella leaves the room, raggedy ann, along with her brother raggedy andy and a whole nursery full of colorful toys come to life. on marcella's birthday, a new doll, babette, arrives from paris, france to the united states of america. babette is a spoiled creature who is unaware she is a doll, but the friendly raggedy ann does everything she can to make babette feel at home. however, the pirate captain contagious kidnaps her. raggedy ann and andy set off to try to rescue her before marcella discovers babette is gone. out in the world outside the nursery, the two meet the camel with the wrinkled knees, a blue toy camel who has been cast off by past owners and is now heartbroken and lonely. after raggedy ann and andy hitch a ride on the camel, he begins to follow his hallucinations and without looking, runs over the edge of a cliff, into a deep pit. in this pit they encounter the greedy, who is a giant gluttonous blob of taffy who eats constantly and is never full. the raggedys and the camel narrowly escape being consumed by the greedy and continue their journey to find babette and believe me, it just gets weirder from this point on.while this movie was certainly disturbing and i just wanted to cry and cover my eyes during a lot of the movie, this was actually pretty creative. back in the day when we had hand drawn animation that made films more personal and that the writers and animators put their heart into it, you can tell that they did that with raggedy ann & andy: a musical adventure. this certainly wasn't the worst movie i have ever seen, i just don't know who to recommend it too. as scared as i was, i have to admit i'm glad i watched it, sometimes you need a "wtf?!" movie to spice up your selection, believe me when i say that raggedy ann had no problem in doing just that with me. it's official, that doll is just plain creepy, let's just put it this way, there's a giant caramel river that is eating everything, a king who's head keeps getting bigger as he laughs, a bizarre thing that humiliates raggedy ann and her brother, a strange almost incest between ann and andy and a couple of naked dolls that will forever haunt my dreams with their songs. yikes.7/10

this is the best piece of film ever created its a master piece that brought a tear to my eye. ill never forget my experience watching it. i don't understand why people don't think as i do the dinosaur turns in a performance reminiscent of de niro in raging bull, pacino in scarface, and crowe in gladiator combined. this should be released on dvd in superbit format so i can fully enjoy it like it was meant to be enjoyed when they produced and filmed it. whoppi goldberg truly turns in the performance of a lifetime as a tough, gritty cop who is against her will teamed with a hot shot dinosaur as her partner then the hi-jinx ensues to say the least. by the way i'm saying the complete opposite of what is true this movie is utter garbage.

i enjoyed it. in general, i'm not a fan of comedies and comedians, but i do like whoopi. i'm also partial to sci/fi fantasy. and the dinosaur craze. i read for pleasure, but when i'm feeling over-stressed or really mind-dead, i watch tv & movies to escape. theodore rex enabled me to do so. that makes it a success in my eyes! i didn't even walk away to do something else while it was running. whether or not it was rated as "good" or not doesn't really matter to me. and no, i'm not a juvenile. nor am i a moron.

where was this film when i was a kid? after his parents split up tadashi moves with his mom to live his his grandfather. tadashi's sister stays with their dad and they talk frequently on the phone. grandfather is only "here" every third day. moms never really home. the kids always are picking on the poor kid. during a village festival tadashi is chosen the "kirin rider" or spiritual champion of the peace and justice. little does he suspect that soon he will have to actually step into role of hero as the forces of darkness join up with the rage of things discarded in a plot to destroy mankind and the spiritual world.okay that was the easy part. now comes the hard part, trying to explain the film.this is a great kids film. no this is a great film,flawed, (very flawed?) but a great film none the less. it unfolds like all of those great books you loved as a kid and is just as dense at times as tadashi struggles to find the strength to become a hero. watching it i felt i was reading a great book, and thought how huge this would have been if it was a book. i loved that the film does not follow a normal path. things often happen out of happenstance or through miscommunication, one character gets sucked into events simply because his foot falls asleep. there are twists and turns and moments that seem like non sequiters and are all the more charming for it (which is typical miike) certainly its a takashi miike film. that japanese master of film is clearly in charge of a film that often touching, scary and funny all at the same time. no one except miike seems to understand that you can have many emotions at the same time, or that you can suddenly have twists as things get dark one second and then funny the next. i admire the fact that miike has made a film that is bleak and hopeful, that doesn't shy away from being scary, i mean really scary, especially for kids. this is the same dark territory that should be in the harry potter movies but rarely is. this a dark grimms tale with humor. my first reaction upon seeing the opening image was that i couldn't believe anyone would begin a kids film with a picture of the end of the world, then i realized who was making the movie. hats off to miike for making a movie that knows kids can handle the frightening images.its also operating on more than one level. the mechanical monsters that the bad guys make are forged from mankind's discarded junk. its the rage of being thrown away that fuels the monsters.one of the yokai (spirits) talks about the rage sneakers thrown away because they are dirty or too small feels when they are tossed. you also have one of the good guys refusing to join the bad guys because that would be the human thing to do. its a wild concept, but like other things floating around its what lifts this movie to another level. (there are a good many riffs and references to other movies,tv shows and novels that make me wonder who this film is for since kids may not understand them, though many parents will) and of course there are the monsters. they run the gamut from cheesy to spectacular with stops everywhere in between. frankly you have to forgive the unevenness of their creation simply because they are has to be hundreds if not thousands of monsters on screen. its way cool and it works. one of the main characters is a yokai which i think is best described as a hamster in a tunic and is often played by a stuffed animal, it looks dumb and yet you will be cheering the little bugger and loving every moment he rides on tadashi's head. (acceptance is also easier if you've ever seen the old woodcuts of the weird japanese monsters) i mentioned flaws, and there are a few. the effects are uneven, some of the sudden turns are a bit odd (even if understandable) and a few other minor things which are fading now some two hours after watching the film.. none of them truly hurt the film over all, however most kind of keep you from being completely happy with the movie.i really loved this movie. i'm pretty sure that if i saw this as a kid it would have been my favorite film of all time. (where's the english dub?).see this movie. its a great trip. (besides its a good introduction to the films of miike minus the blood and graphic sex)

this movie is excellent and i would recommend renting it for anyone whose local video store owns it. or, even better, you could buy it because chances are you're going to watch this over and over. i can remember watching this movie as a kid and it was great back then. but after watching it again yesterday i've found it to be amazing.a good blend of comedy (although not as great as "mr magoo"-another one of my favorites) and action. this deserves 10/10 and i'm hoping that they will make a sequel soon (fingers crossed). if you do babysitting or have to look after young children for anything then i'd recommend renting this movie as it will keep them entertained for hours :).

compelling and innovative! at the beginning of this criminally underrated whoopi goldberg flick the writers draw a parallel between theodore rex and the 1941 orson welles classic "citizen kane". the writers are justified in drawing such a seemingly disparate parallel, but the viewing public is too often hoodwinked into seeing overly hyped hollywood schlock to appreciate the subtle similarities between these two movies. in "citizen kane" charles foster kane is feared and admired by his colleagues and his underlings, much like whoopi goldberg in this movie. this movie is about finding love in everybody's differences. it is an epic examination of the fear of abandonment and the need for love and acceptance in a society that is dominated by greed and self-absorption. whoever paired whoopi goldberg and theodore rex formulated a dyad for the ages, with the only justifiable comparisons being bogey and bacall, hepburn and tracy and hall and oates. if you would love to watch an uplifting, celluloid philosophical examination of some of humanity's deepest drives; bergman-esqe but not as depressing, theodore rex should be viewed immediately!

theodore rex is possibly the greatest cinematic experience of all time, and is certainly a milestone in human culture, civilization and artistic expression!! in this compelling intellectual masterpiece, jonathan r. betuel aligns himself with the great film makers of the 20th century, such as francis ford copola, martin scorcese, orson welles and roman polanski. the special effects are nothing less than breathtaking, and make any work by spielberg look trite and elementary. at the time of it's release, theodore rex was such a revolutionary gem that it raised the bar of film-making to levels never anticipated by film makers. the concept of making not just a motion picture featuring a dinosaur, but adapting an action packed, thrilling detective novel, co-staring a "talking" dinosaur with a post-modern name such as "theodore", and an existential female police officer changed humanity as we know it. the world could never be the same after experiencing such magnificent beauty. watching theodore rex is much akin to looking into the face of god and hearing him say "you are my most beloved creation." this is one of the few films that is simply to die for!!!

billed as takashi miike's "first family film" - by people who haven't seen zebraman, presumably. yokai daisenso takes things even further in the direction of family-friendliness, diluting the darkness and cynicism to create a grand fantasy fairy tale. a young boy is chosen by fate to save the world from monsters and horrors of which they remain largely unaware. the film is evidently bigger budget than anything else miike has done, with lots of cgi to create fantasy world populated by odd creatures (the yokai). perhaps the lack of extreme content is a consequence of more nervous investors, but i think it's probably just that he wanted to do something different. he's really never been a one-trick pony, but often gets accused of it - perhaps yokai is designed to silence those critics. regardless, it's a great project for miike to channel his boundless imagination and invention into.there's a very cartoonish feel to the production, evoking thoughts of miyazaki in places. the yokai are based on an old series of comics that were in turned based on japanese folk tales, which certainly influenced miyazaki as well (particularly spirited away). it must remembered that miike has nothing like the budget of a harry potter film to work with, so the special effects aren't going to be seamless hollywood style work - some blue-screening is especially obvious. some of the special effects are great though, with some very well animated creatures (a mix of cg, stop-motion and puppetry). i think the little sock-puppet that follows the hero around for much of the film was *meant* to look really cheap, and is all the cuter for it :) the young lad who plays the hero of the film does a really good job - it's so hard to find a pre-teen who actually understands the concept of acting, but 9 year old ryunosuke kamiki is a genuine talent (i see he did voices in the last 2 miyazaki films!). chiaki kuriyama is delicious as the villainess of the piece, though mai takahashi made an even greater impression as the pixie-eared river princess - yum yum! those looking for another violent, perverted gangster film aren't going to find what they're looking for in yokai, but if you're a fan of miike because of his imagination and wit, there's plenty to satisfy here. and it has the added bonus that you can happily put it on whatever company you've got :)

for me too, this christmas special is one that i remember very fondly. in 1989, i snatched up the 2 cds i found of the soundtrack recording, giving one to my sister and keeping the other for myself. it's part of my family's christmas tradition now, and i would love to be able to actually see the show again rather than just remember it as i listen.it has been noted elsewhere that john denver made a number of appearances on the muppet show, and they did more than one special together. the good rapport between denver and his fuzzy companions comes through clearly here, in a charming and fun show that is good for all ages.

a christmas together actually came before my time, but i've been raised on john denver and the songs from this special were always my family's christmas music. for years we had a crackling cassette made from a record that meant it was christmas. a few years ago, i was finally able to track down a video of it on ebay, so after listening to all the music for some 21 years, i got to see john and the muppets in action for myself. if you ever get the chance, it's a lot of fun--great music, heart-warming and cheesy. it's also interesting to see the 70's versions of the muppets and compare them to their newer versions today. i believe denver actually took some heat for doing a show like this--i guess normally performers don't compromise their images by doing sing-a-longs with the muppets, but i'm glad he did. even if you can't track down the video, the soundtrack is worth it too. it has some muppified traditional favorites, but also some original denver tunes as well.

this was one of my favorite series when i was a kid. the swedish broadcasting company decided to broadcast it once again a couple of summers ago when i had just finished my first semester of medical school. i was surprised to see the depth in which the organs was explained. sure, some things are simplified but most of it was correct (even though it was made 22 years ago!) and quite understandable. i would suggest that all soon-to-be medical student should watch it. it is a very good way to learn some of the basic medical words for example. now i'm in my 7th semester and i think i'll watch the series once again as soon as i've bought the dvd-box :-)

this tv-series was one of the ones i loved when i was a kid. even though i see it now through the pink-shaded glasses of nostalgia, i can still tell it was a quality show, very educational but still funny. i have not seen the original french version, only the swedish. i have no idea how good the dubbing was, it was too long ago to remember.the premise of the show was to show you how the body works. i swear, school still hasn't taught me half of what i know from this show. it also tied in other things, like what happens if you eat unhealthy food and don't exercise, with nice examples within the body. who wants to have another bar of chocolate when you know miniature virus tanks can invade you? :d the cartoon looked nice, very kids friendly of course, but done with care. cells, viruses, electric signals in the brain, antibodies and everything else are represented by smiling cartoon figures, looking pretty much how you'd expect what they should look like in the animated body.this, and the series about history(especially the environmentally scary finale) were key parts of my childhood. i'm so happy i found them here.

we bought the dvd set of "es war einmal das leben" (german) / "once upon a time... life" (english) for our bilingual kids because everyone loved the "es war einmal der mensch" (german) / "once upon a time... man" (english) series (us parents had seen it as kids) and it has exceeded even high expectations! the series is very well made, does not show its age, and our kids at various ages really like to watch it. at the same time, they learn things us parents didn't know until way, way later. the series covers everything to do with the human body from organs, all senses, blood, infection, antibodies, and much more in animated 20-25 min episodes. topics some people may find "sensible", such as digestion and reproduction are covered in a tasteful, discreet and child-friendly manner (the reproduction episode starts coverage mainly where the baby starts growing), while still (as typical) informative and fun.children are usually fascinated with how their bodies work and through the episodes gain an understanding of this in the context of their environment. the format of the episodes switches between the outside world (a family with 2 children) and the inside of the body. for example, in the episode covering infections, the boy cuts himself accidentally and the wound gets infected and the episode covers how the body reacts to this. similarly, the episodes on the senses, e.g. hearing, seeing, link what happens inside the body to the context of the outside world and the episode on respiration and circulation of oxygen in the blood covers the complete lifecycle including (briefly) where the oxygen comes from (plants).this is one of the best ever children's programs - i would say it's a must see for every family with kids!

this is a cartoon series where most of the action takes place in the human body where the actors are vitamins, viruses, blood cells etc. i will not try to explain it in more details, you will simply have to see it for yourself: you will not be disappointed.i remember watching this as a kid in the 80s (with swedish voices). i have talked with a few people who were also children in the 80s and they loved it also! i must admit that the education-part of the episodes didn't get through to me at a conscious level but the whole idea of educating children while they have fun is wonderful. i have recently seen a few episodes; there is a humour and heart in it that is hard to find in other children programs nowadays.5/5

this animation tv series is simply the best way for children to learn how the human body works. yes, this is biology but they will never tell it is.i truly think this is the best part of this stream of "educational cartoons". i do remember you can find little books and a plastic body in several parts: skin, skeleton, and of course: organs. in the same stream, you'll find: "il était une fois l'homme" which relate the human history from the big bang to the 20th century. there is: "il était une fois l'espace" as well (about the space and its exploration) but that one is more a fiction than a description of the reality since it takes place in the future.

i saw this movie when i was a little girl. and i have enjoyed it every time. sure the graphics are a little cheesy, compared to now, but back in the 70's it was great. i saw it in the original spanish version only and thought it was wonderful. that was how i remember my christmases were with my family - magical. santa claus was amazing and i couldn't wait for him to come back each year.if you have a child/children and speak spanish, bring them up watching this old fashioned version of "santa claus". it's a different version than we are used to today, but who says there is one way?it's a fun movie to watch. it teaches children good vs. bad. i don't know how the english subtitled version is or if there is an english one of this, but the spanish is the best. enjoy and happy holidays! feliz navidad!

just get it. the dvd is cheap and easy to come by, the length is now standard and you've gone long enough without it. (when home video started, there were at least three versions with parts missing..) everything you've read is true. there is no defending it, and no living without it. the color is lush and wonderful to look at, and the production values are pretty good for a saturday afternoon kiddie epic. but no question..the whole santa vs. satan angle is so jaw dropping strange it made the movie a hit at the time and a cult fave once home video really got underway. how good/bad/strange/ is it? i only saw the trailer as a kid,and remembered it for nearly 30 years..including murray's over the top voice over..i told my older sister, and she called me a liar and could not believe it was possible for anyone to make a movie where santa vs.satan.. add to it stuff like santa asking for the virgin mary's blessing before setting off on christmas eve, kids wanting to capture him and make him their slave..and an international kiddie sweat shop..and it probably comes close to a lot of nightmares kids had in the 60's.. like others here, i watch the thing every holiday season now. (my version of choice is the mystery science theatre 3000 edition). but any old way you choose it, the movie is a demented masterpiece and a total must (along with brianiac, by the way..).it never fails to make me laugh. better, i think, then santa claus conquers the martians. parts of it can still make you cringe or just creep you out.(how many parents do you know go out for cocktails on christmas eve? "if you get bored, just go downstairs and play the piano." dang..) freaky, boring, disturbing, funny, childish, strange..hey, what more can you want?

perfect for families with small children who are looking for lighthearted films that contain no violence and are enthralling for the child and amusing, albeit, completely corny, to adults. not a bad film for a low-budget job. children will be amazed with santa's workshop and the "magic" that enables him to enter homes through chimneys that appear too small, or homes that have no chimneys at all!kids will thrill over the santa's success at thwarting the nasty devil named pitch (complete in classic red outfit with horns and tail!). they will sympathize with the poor little girl who's greatest wish is to have a little doll to love. and the poor little rich boy who only wishes to spend time with his forever absent parents. and what child does not know someone at school who are just like the nasty boys that are enlisted by pitch to help capture santa and ruin christmas? in the end, everyone, including the nasty boys, get just what they deserve for christmas!the film will endear children to both santa and the message of love he delivers to people throughout the world.

i saw this movie when mystery science theater ran it in 1993. it is the worst thing i've ever seen. so bad in fact, that by sheer freakiness, this movie must get a ten rating because it has to be seen to be believed. whoever wrote this script with children in mind should be beaten. i mean, really, the devil vs. santa? visions of hell? creepy laughing wind-up reindeer? forced child labor with racial stereotypes? it ain't sesame street, that's for sure.as crow exclaims during the mst3k showing, "this is good ol' fashioned nightmare fuel!" there's plenty of weird innuendo and screwed up theology. merlin (presumably the arthurian merlin) hangs out with santa in his crazy castle in the clouds (i.e. heaven). santa talks about baby jesus and sends letters to "mr. stork" for children who ask for siblings. there are symbols around the castle that either look like pentagrams or raf stars. my best friend and i have watch it every year since 1993 and we subject anybody we can hold down for 2 hours to watch it with us.

there are some things i will never understand; why underwear comes in packs of threes when clearly thats not enough is an example. similarly, i will never understand this film, and that is brilliant. if you approach this film expecting an actual movie, you might as well be approaching satan expecting a hug; although that may well be possible if you greet this film's satanic figures. take pitch for instance; the most ineffectual, camp, unhellish portrayal of a devil since freddy mercury and wayne sleep joined forces to create a ten foot satan costume from red body paint and horns covered with condoms. however, it does create some of the most hilarious moments of any film ever. seriously, this is no understatement. the same can be applied to every other character, bar the little girl who acts so sickly innocent she's probably overcompensating for some serious crime she's part of. then again, if santa's inter-space recon station is real, there is no chance she could have avoided him this long. put simply, if you haven't seen this movie, you cannot consider yourself a serious buff. the achingly funny characterisation, acting, concept, and almost-under-the-radar racism makes this a must see above any film to date (if you're after pure laughter that is).

my mother took me to see this film as a child and i long to see it every year as i do all of my other christmas favorites. what i remember most was the silly devil and santa looking through his telescope. i waited and looked through the t.v. guide each year after that to see when it would be shown. i would usually find it playing on a saturday afternoon. i only found the movie in english which took something special away from the film and have longed to find a copy of it in spanish. i hold this film dear to my heart and have never suffered from nightmares as others might suggest. yes, it is a different film about santa claus and that is what makes it special and unique. i can't wait to get a copy of this film and watch it with my children as i explain to them my favorite parts and memories!!

shawshank, godfather, pulp fiction... all good films. great films. but nothing, and i mean nothing lives up to the greatest christmas movie of all, santa claus.the film is so great and has so many messages, i cried while watching it. seriously, this is one of those movies you need to watch 10 times. when we see pitch get told he will have to eat ice cream, we see the sadness in his eyes, and we feel the deep sorrow, and then we wonder... what is so bad about this ice cream? is it implying that we as humans are treating ice cream as good when all it does is make us evil? think movie makes you think.this movie has the best rendition of santa claus ever. unlike other santas, he is a normal person. we see him imprisoning children and spying on kids dreams, and we wonder; is the santa we believe in really that good? also, this santa actually mentions christ, the whole meaning behind christmas.you owe yourself to watch this cinematic masterpiece. we should just stop making movies and air nothing but this epic 24/7. whether it's christmas or not, this movie gets a 500/10. whoever says this movie is bad is an ignorant fool.

brilliant use of overstated technicolor illustrates the optimistic extremes of present day christmas ceremonies. the voyeuristic element during the scenes (santa & pedro summarize society's behavior peering through a telescope) is unique (and obviously jean-luc godard, although he was subtle, stole this theme in his film "pierrot le-fou"). highly recommended!

