i went into this film thinking it would be a crappy b-rated movie. i came out surprised and very amused. eva was good, but lake bell stole the show. she had amazing comedic timing. the jokes in this film were surprisingly original and really funny with one or two flat jokes in between. the plot was enough to tie it all together, a woman (eva) dies on her wedding day and comes back to haunt the woman that is going out with her was-to-be husband, its sounds far-fetched but it actually works quite well. 7/10 - overall its a worthwhile cinema watch, if not get it on dvd when it comes out.

i took a flyer in renting this movie but i gotta say, it was very, very good. on all fronts: script, cast, director, photography, and high production values, etc. proves eva longoria parker is head and shoulders in rom/com above bad actors such as kate hudson and jennifer aniston, who mug and call it acting. who'da thunk it?parker and isla fisher are in a class by themselves in this regard and should try to hold out for projects as good as "over her dead body." lake bell is excellent, too, and this is the first time i have seen her. and finally, paul rudd gets to shine in a really good movie, instead of lesser films.a movie like this never gets its dues from close-minded males. it's too bad. as other imdb reviewers here have noted, there is nothing lame about this gem --no hack writing or acting. and its depiction of contemporary l.a. and california, in general, makes every scene look bright, beautiful, clean, and otherwise outstanding in every way. never before has a movie made l.a. look so good. ah, what a little talent and a lot of caring can do for a movie.i won't divulge the plot, but as a long-time and hard-core atheist, i was willing to suspend disbelief and buy into the supernatural theme in order to enjoy an excellent and light-hearted piece of entertainment. it reminds me very much of the old "topper" movies, which were also so enjoyable.this movie exposes popular, but otherwise hackneyed, movies like "ghost" for the mediocre and overly sentimental crap fests they are. we already know the public taste leans heavily toward the mediocre. some of us save our praise for the truly worthy, however.if you have enjoyed other overlooked gems such as "into the night" with michelle pfeiffer, jeff goldblum and clu gulager, "blind date" with bruce willis and kim basinger, "american dreamer" with jobeth williams, "chances are" with robert downey jr., christopher mcdonald and cybil sheppard, "making mr. right" with john malkovich, etc., you'll enjoy this. a first-rate job all around (even if it's kinda hard to believe a straight guy can pretend to be gay for more than five years.) but even that plot device doesn't detract from the movie's overall excellence.

ah, i loved this movie. i think it had it all. it made me laugh out loud over a dozen of times. yes, i am a girl, so i'm writing this from a girl's perspective. i think it's a shame it only scored 5.2 in rating. too many guys voting? it was far above other romantic comedies. just because i'm female i don't enjoy all chic flicks, on the contrary i prefer other genres. romantic comedies tend to be shallow and not as funny as they meant to be. but like i said, this movie had it all, almost, in my opinion. great script, good one-liners, fine acting. although eva longoria parker's character reminded very much of gabrielle from desperate housewives, but so what? it was awesome. i will keep this film for rainy days, days when i feel low and need a few laughs.

this had a good story...it had a nice pace and all characters are developed cool.i've watched a whole bunch of movies in the last two weeks and this had to be the best one i've seen in the two weeks.jason bigg's character was the best though.even though it was small, it was cleverly crafted from the very beginning.this may be a romantic comedy and i don't like most, but the writing, direction, performing, sound, design overall in all capacity just was really thought out pretty cool.this film scored pretty high out of all the movie's i've seen lately - and the rest were big budget or better publicized.good job in writing.

this is a great film.i agreed to watch a chick flick and some how ended up with this. i had never heard of it or anyone in it (excpet mike from friends).but it is great! eva, lake and paul give amazing performances. the humour is consistently dry and witty.paul rudd pretty much plays the mike character from friends (which works great). the other characters are stereotypes and the plot is formulaic (i mean we are not talking 'apocalypse now' here) but the characters are likable, the story is engaging, the soundtrack, production and direction all work well.in all a great feel-good film that really deserves a lot more credit than it gets.everyone has their own tastes but i really don't understand the one star reviews for this.

actually my vote is a 7.5. anyway, the movie was good, it has those funny parts that make it deserve to see it, don't misunderstand me, is not the funniest movie of the world, and its not even original because its a idea that we have seen before in other movies, but this one has its own taste, a friend of mine told me that this was a film for boyfriends... i think that not exactly but who cares? also there is another movie that show us almost the same topic, chris rock appears in it, the name is down to earth, men, that one its a very funny movie, see both if you want and i know that you will agree that mr. rock won with his movie. i would liked that the protagonist male character were given to ashton kutcher, however, the film is good.

i watched this on an 8 hour flight and (presumably because of the pressure and the altitude) i actually found it mildly entertaining (emphasis on the "mild").the actual idea behind the film was brilliant: a woman dies, her fiancé falls in love with someone else, she decided to make sure they don't get together, but eventually she lets them do it. sadly the actual film wasn't as good. ok, there were a few laughs and the actors all worked well. but from the beginning the plot was about as predictable as the destination of the flight i was on. i think the whole gay-but-not-gay friend part of the story could have been worked a lot better. the talking parrot was a nice idea but to be honest: it wasn't really very funny.in summary the film was more interesting than staring at the seat in front of me, but it was a close call.

i wasn't a fan of seeing this movie at all, but when my gf called me and said she had a free advanced screening pass i tagged along only for the sake of seeing eva longoria and laughing at jason biggs antics.overall it was actually better then i expected but not by much. this was like a hybrid of how to lose a guy in 10 days and just like heaven. a typical romantic comedy with its moments i guess. the movie was quite short though (around 85 min.) but it was enough to tell the whole story, build some character development and have a decent happy ending. the whole idea of a ghost haunting its former husband was a interesting plot to follow. eva did a good job of keeping up the sarcasm and paul rudd and the rest of the supporting cast (especially jason biggs) kept the laughs coming at a smooth pace.overall i liked the movie only because it had a good amount of laughs to keep me going otherwise i would have given this movie a lower rating. hey its a chick flick and i'm reviewing this movie from a guy's persepctive alright, it would be more of a fair fight if females reviewied this movie and gave there thoughts about it.

look it's eva longoria and paul rudd in a movie about a dead girlfriend haunting the new girlfriend. it's gabrielle from desperate housewives and the guy who wore "sex panther cologne" in anchorman. if you are expecting a golden globe nominated movie then you need to rethink how you look at movies. however, if you are willing to suspend reality for 90 minutes and want to watch a funny movie then you've come to the right place. the characters are all funny. they work together very well. the real match up is paul rudd and lake bell. he's as funny as he was on friends and she was funny and good looking all at the same time. i went with my wife, she enjoyed it and so did i.

over her dead body was a nice little movie.it was decent and entertaining, while still being pretty funny.there were a few cliché's, but i found most stuff fresh.at first i didn't think it was going to be good at all,when it started out.if you can get past the first 20 minutes though,the movie starts getting more interesting.this film wasn't burst out in laughter hilarious,and wasn't oh my gosh wonderful.it was just a movie that you can sit down and enjoy for how enjoyable it was.i don't see how this movie was bad.it's rating is just a bit too low.i could've dealt with a 5.5,but a 4.8?also,giving this movie a 1 is disgraceful.it was pretty good,and there was nothing horrible enough about it to give it a 1,which is what most people gave it.

in complete contrast to the opinions of the other review, this film actually was surprisingly good! i reluctantly went to see it and expected to be bored by clichés, obvious jokes and overacting, all of which the trailer had promised.however, after 5 minutes in i found myself genuinely laughing and enjoying the refreshing acting. with only one 'toilet humour' gag, over her dead body manages to actually come up with realistically funny scenarios and, without spoiling anything too much, some of the moments involving animals are hilarious.the staple ingredients of a good film are all there; script, director and actors and compared some other recent attempts at romantic comedy, this film stands tall.sure, you aren't going to learn anything or have a spiritual awakening, but if you go with an open mind you will more than likely have a good time!

all i hear about is how poorly the animation is done. it may not be up to par with what everyone expects, but look at it this way. would you expect perfection in hell? it is my belief that the animation was made dry and gritty on purpose. it was great to see her character transformation in this movie, considering it will probably be as close to live action as we will ever get. i hope for a sequel very soon. if we want live action, i think we may be better off with chastity or purgatori. i don't think lady death would transfer well to film. but be that as it may, it is my own personal belief that all the naysayers about this movie are dead wrong. no pun intended.

it's a very good movie, not only for the fans of lady death comics, but also for those who like animated movies/series of adventure and fantasy.the film is about a innocent girl who is about killed for something she hadn't done, but for be who she is daughter of the ruler of hell, lucifer himself.then she seeks revenge...and the rest you better see it from the movie.i liked the movie a lot, the characters are like the original comics, form chaos. i never had the chance of read the the first parts of the story in comics, only the last ones, after the passages in the movie, so i cannot tell you if the events are exactly like the comics, but...one way or another it's the story of lady death!

i personally liked this movie and am alarmed at the rating's some people have given it. it is a movie based on a comic book and it is animated, now if you don't like comic books or animation then of course you won't like this movie so why did you watch and bother to rate it is beyond me. though, if you are a fan of interesting, strong characters and heroic(sexy) women kicking butt and saving the world(hell) you will love this movie. i thought the story really pulled me in and it was a very cool movie. quite anime-esque or more like some of the american movies following this new trend of adult animation. like titan a.e. meet's the live action version of punisher. in the end i highly recommend this movie the comic buff and super hero fan or anyone with an open enough mind looking for a fun movie.

i love the movies and own the comics, the comics are different then the movie but still i'd give it: 10 out of 10. it was awesome. if the movies got anymore awesome. i would have her babies. and i am female. read the comics you won't regret it. yes in this movie since brian p. the artist for her died we don't get nearly as good artistic work. i mean seriously don't get me wrong these people did great, but different versions for different people. different strokes for different folks as the saying goes. any guy who doesn't go bonkers over her is insane, or does not like women, or you know just plan insane. if i could count on my fingers how in love and how many times i have read the comics i would run out of fingers for sure, but hey there is always toes.

although not the best anime i have ever seen but i enjoyed lady death.i have never read the comic book and just saw this at the video store and decided to give it a chance.the animation was ok, i got the sense of the 80's anime from it which is what set it off for me. why everyone else hates that is beyond me.character development was fine. i like how they brought the transition from hope to lady death around. for you who don't like it, obviously wasn't paying attention. lucifer tells you how it happens, and she used his words.creamtor was a nice mentor/soldier for her. his dark bruiting style was perfect for this kind of movie.i think everyone here who has bashed this needs to take another look at it and reconsider. cause everything people have bashed this can be said about everyones favorite anime vampire hunter d

i got a good laugh reading all the idiotic comments for this film,as it's obvious that those people who criticized the movie never seen it, or were stupid enough to pay to see it.the best reason to watch was on the elvira show a few years back. elvira delivered the movie with as many laughs as one can.it's an ok monster flick, compared to the hundreds of horrendous american flicks made. way better!!!!

i was around 7 when i saw this movie first. it wasn't so special then,but a few years later i saw it again and that time it made fun,a lot:)i think the best parts of the film are: yeti's body language and the 'special effects ' also.if you wanna watch this movie ,don't wait for a hollywood made blockbuster,even this film was made from approx. 1000 dollars :) i've a copy of it.movie and video version as well(but i don't think it had been ever shown in cinemas)watch it,enjoy it!!!yeti for ever!!!

most yeti pictures are fatally undermined by a grave paucity of energy and enthusiasm. not so this gloriously bent, batty and berserk over-the-top italian-made shot-in-canada kitsch gut-buster: it's a wildly ripe and vigorously moronic ghastly marvel which reaches a stunning apotheosis of righteously over-baked "what the hell's going on?" crackpot excess and inanity.a freighter ship crew discovers the body of a 30-foot yeti that resembles a hirsute 70's disco stud (complete with jumbo wavy afro) perfectly preserved in a large chunk of ice. they dethaw the beast, jolt him back to life with electric charges, grossly mistreat him, and keep the poor hairy goliath in an enormous glass booth. before you can say "hey, the filmmakers are obviously ripping off 'king kong'," our titanic abominable snowdude breaks free of his cage, grabs the first luscious nubile blonde euro vixen (the gorgeous pheonix grant) he lays lustful eyes on, and storms away with his new lady love. the yeti gets recaptured and flown to toronto to be showed off to a gawking audience. of course, he breaks free again, nabs the vixen, and goes on the expected stomping around the city rampage.the sublimely stupid dialogue (sample line: "philosophy has no place in science, professor"), cheesy (far from) special effects (the horrendous transparent blue screen work and cruddy tonka toy miniatures are especially uproarious in their very jaw-dropping awfulness), clunky (mis)direction, and a heavy-handed script that even attempts a clumsily sincere "is the yeti a man or a beast?" ethical debate all combine together to create one of the single most delightfully ridiculous giant monster flicks to ever roar its absurd way across the big screen. better still, we also have a few funky offbeat touches to add extra shoddy spice to the already succulently schlocky cinematic brew: the vixen accidentally brushes against one of the yeti's nipples, which causes it to harden and elicits a big, leering grin of approval from the lecherous behemoth (!); the vixen nurses the yeti's wounded hand while he makes goo-goo eyes at her, the yeti smashes windows with his feet while climbing a towering office building, and the furry fellow even breaks a man's neck with his toes (!!). overall, this singularly screwball and shamefully unheralded should-be camp classic stands tall as a remarkable monolith of infectiously asinine celluloid lunacy that's eminently worthy of a substantial hardcore underground cult following.

being a giant monster fan, me seeing "yeti" was an absolute must, especially after hearing so much about it. thanks to the good 'ol bootleg market i was able to find a copy pretty easily, and was happily surprised upon watching that this flick was actually, dare i say, decent.decent for what it is, actually, namely a cheesy giant-monster flick. it kicks in pretty quickly as yeti is found pretty much immediately, and we get introduced to various characters. they consist of some sleazy ones, some good ones, and a girl who is pretty much one of the most downright strikingly beautiful girls in any cheesy sci-fi film, by far.yeti looks like a long-haired guy straight out of the original woodstock concert, and really, he's not that bad of a dude, especially after being introduced to the world in some kind of funky cage-like thing. godzilla he is not - despite his rude awakening, he doesn't even rampage (actually he rarely destroys anything in the whole picture), but kinda just looks puzzled while trying to figure things out. yeti seems to understand english pretty nicely (my copy was dubbed in english) and he knows who the good guys and bad guys are.however, we want to see the giant yeti do his thing, and he's pretty much in the whole movie, and in typical low-budget fashion, he seems to change size a lot depending on the scene and there's even a bunch of the "fake legs" shots of him just standing there.yes, the special effects aren't the greatest, but there are definitely some good ones here. a scene where yeti smashes through a warehouse is done very well, and in another, he uses the windows of a building as "ladder steps" to climb down from the top of it - shattering each window with his foot and often shocking the occupants inside - in one sequence that really looks much, much better than it should in such a "bad" movie."yeti" never stoops as low as say, "a.p.e." does. actually the only time it even comes close to genuine silliness is when the beautiful girl causes yeti's nipple to become erect and he lifts his eyebrow in an "oh yeah baby" manner. but even this isn't that bad, and kinda even gets a laugh out of the viewer.the movie is pretty long for this kind of thing, but surprisingly enough it doesn't get boring - the story is actually good, and just watching this utterly gorgeous actress on screen will make any male viewer happy."yeti" may not be in the upper echelon of giant monster flicks, but it is definitely better than other king kong '76 rip-offs like "a.p.e." and "queen kong" by very far.

yeti deserves the 8 star rating because it is the one of the greatest bad movies ever made. i saw it at a midnight screening in l.a. and people were roaring and cheering at the insanity - this movie is one of those cinematic trainwrecks where you think it cant get any stranger and then it does! the millionaire who funds the project to thaw the yeti looks like chris penn and john goodman both poured into an ill-fitting suit - the guy playing the scientist is one of the worst actors to ever appear on screen - and yes, there is a mute boy (who sorta kinda looks like a girl) and he's mute ever since he survived a plane crash that killed both his parents (hmmm- maybe therapy for the kid??). then this hottie italian girl is seen by yeti (once he thaws - which takes forever) -- and he is instantly in love with her - what is one of the most hysterical things about the movie is that this giant yeti makes "bedroom eyes" at her - it's like a large barry white trying to seduce a groupie. in fact, once the large yeti picks up the hottie and has her against his chest - she accidentally touches the yeti's nipple and yes, the film takes the time to show his large grey nipple get hard!!!! yikes of all yikes! plus there's a collie dog in it because the italian producer must have heard that american audiences like dogs and he sorta kinda tried to get a lassie - there's also this insane scene where the yeti eats a giant fish - keeps the large fishbone and uses it to comb the italian girl's hair "gee, thanks yeti - now my hair is smooth and smells like dead trout. you're the best." this film is more bizarre than something ed wood could have ever dreamt up. if you are a fan of classic cinema crap - seek this baby out.

people forget that there have been several king kong ripoffs- congo, king kong vs. godzilla, king kong (1976), they all ripoff one another, but yeti stands on its own. it only borrows one element from king kong and that is the animal's attraction with one female.the yeti myth is based on bigfoot (not like king kong)and archeologists have been fascinated it, at one time they did exist,but there is no scientific data to prove it.this movie is hard to find ,but its worth watching it. the first time i watched it was on "elvira's mistress of the dark shows" in the early 1980's. it sent chills down my spine as a kid, especially when the yeti got mad. i saw it again, around 1:00am on abc about 2 to 3yrs ago. seeing it again made me appreciate it more, it has some overall good effects (for its time) and the story involves a mute boy and his dog, and an evil businessman person who wants to kill the yeti for his own purposes. also the music is pretty cool,its very yeti like. :-)gianfranco parolini and the yetians creates a great monster like atmosphere.vote 7 and half out of 10.

here's another movie that should be loaded into a satellite, fired into space and pointed in the direction of the galaxy andromeda to show distant possible civilizations the best of humanity. this movie is so endearingly stupid and revealingly honest in being little more than a rip-off of the already bad movie classic king kong from 1976 that it not only manages to upstage that film in terms of sheer belly laugh idiotic goofiness, but successfully predicted much of peter jackson's miserable 2005 computer cartoon bearing the same name, as far as a "romance" between the giant (here a yeti) and a gorgeous human female (antonellina interlenghi of umberto lenzi's city of the living dead, who is very easy on the eyes).the film was made for kids so aside from some innuendo over fish bones and a bizarre nipple tweak to say goodbye you can forget about sex -- the yeti even has a sort of giant jock strap to cover up his monstrous package, the result being even more amusing than anatomical correctness. but as a trade-off you do get a wacky old scientist, two inquisitive kids, tony kendall in a rare turn as a duplicitous bastard of a villain, a helpful intelligent collie dog who gets to have her own adventure (dog adventure movies were big in europe for a while) and of course emerges as the hero at the end for saving the yeti, who turns out to be the good guy, glorious stuff like front end loaders decorated to look like giant ape hands, a monster who's size literally changes scale from shot to shot, some inappropriately horrible deaths that will make the carnage in godzilla vs the smog monster look tame by comparison, crowd reaction shots a-plenty made up of either spanish, italian or canadian extras depending upon scene (you can sort of tell where they were shooting from how the extras are dressed), and some of the most enthusiastically staged but inept special effects work ever in a giant monkey movie.it's here that the film won me over: it's enthusiasm just for being made. frank kramer is actually the same gianfranco parolini who brought the world sartana in 1968 and god's gun the year before this & was a very important director in the spaghetti western and action/adventure genre film scene from the 1960's/1970's and by the time of yeti he was probably delighted to get the work. i would say that this is his most adventuresome movie ever, or rather the one he took the most chances with, and may have felt more comfortable taking those chances with the film aimed at kids & families. the movie has a kind of reckless abandon to the way it was made that renders the technical errors or inconsistencies totally meaningless. or rather they are part of the fun, and if the movie had been played seriously it wouldn't have worked -- which is exactly why peter jackson's movie sucked. he forgot to have fun with the material and let it dictate the outcome using his army of stupid power macintosh pod people animators, and with all it's faults + clunkiness, kramer's yeti is actually closer to the spirit of why we watch movies like this, which is partly to see actors in ape suits tearing apart miniature sets on sound stages, not seamlessly animated vapid hours of nothing other than hard drive space. i'd rank this up there with king kong versus godzilla and it! curse of the great golem as one of the most enjoyably improbable giant rampaging monster movies ever. because the movie looks so "fake" you can get over the story and just have fun watching stuff get wrecked, trampled, tossed about and smashed. knowing that and armed with a fertile, energetic enthusiasm for having the chance to make the movie, parolini pulled out all the stops and delivers a full bodied adventure that might get a bit rough for some of the small tykes but is the first movie i will ever share with the grandkids someday when their stupid parents leave them with me for a weekend. this is stuff for the ages and one of the most telling expressions of humanity to ever be committed to celluloid.10/10, it's about ten minutes too long but who cares, you only come around once and i'd rather go out with a smile on my face.

having seen most of ringo lam's films, i can say that this is his best film to date, and the most unusual. it's a ancient china period piece cranked full of kick-ass martial arts, where the location of an underground lair full of traps and dungeons plays as big a part as any of the characters. the action is fantastic, the story is tense and entertaining, and the set design is truely memorable. sadly, burning paradise has not been made available on dvd and vhs is next-to-impossible to get your mitts on, even if you near the second biggest china-town in north america (like i do). if you can find it, don't pass it up.

i have always been keen on watching hong kong movies, but all of them failed to meet my expectations...until now! burning paradise doesn't contain the flat humor most hk movies have, nor a second rate story line that has been dragged into the film. the story is not complex, but there are never scenes that are just there to fill some "intelligent" space (the only truely intelligent martial arts film i have seen is crouching tiger, but since hollywood is involved it is no true hk movie for me). there are some incredible fight scenes in this movie, from the first one(which is one of the coolest i have ever seen, yet so short) to the last main scenes! but mind, there's also a lot of blood that flows (people cut in half, decapitated, etc). the production is pretty good and the special effects show that the fantasy of the writer can be fulfilled even though some shots must be pretty technical (notice: the sheet of paper that he throws and got pinned into a wall!). yep, it's not tsui hark or john woo that made my favorite hong kong film, it's ringo lam! and i'm sure as hell going to check out more from this director! ace.

"burning paradise" is a combination of neo-shaw brothers action and ringo lam's urban cynicism. when one watches the film, they might feel the fight scenes are only mediocre in nature but that doesn't matter, it's attitude and atmosphere that counts. this great film has both!! always trying to be different than his contemporaries, lam gives us to traditional heroes(fong sai-yuk and hung shi-kwan)and puts them in a "raiders of the lost ark" setting. however, these are not the light-hearted comedic incarnations that you might see in a jet li movie. instead these guys fight to the death with brutal results. what makes the film even better is that anyone could die at anytime, there is no holding back. too bad, they don't make films like this more often.

an unusual film from ringo lam and one that's strangely under-appreciated. the mix of fantasy kung-fu with a more realistic depiction of swords and spears being driven thru bodies is startling especially during the first ten minutes. a horseback rider get chopped in two and his waist and legs keep riding the horse. several horses get chopped up. it's very unexpected.the story is very simple, fong and his shaolin brothers are captured by a crazed maniac general and imprisoned in the red lotus temple which seems to be more of a torture chamber then a temple. the general has a similarity to kurtz in apocalypse now as he spouts warped philosophy and makes frightening paintings with human blood. the production is very impressive and the setting is bleak. blood is everywhere. the action is very well done and mostly coherent unlike many hk action scenes from the time. sometimes the movie veers into absurdity or the effects are cheesy but it's never bad enough to ruin the film. find this one, it's one of the best hk kung fu films from the early nineties. just remember it's not child friendly.

hello dave burning paradise is a film for anyone who likes jackie chan and indiana jones. the films main protagonist is most definitely the bastard son of these two strange fathers. as for the other characters well they are familiar transformations of similar action film stereotypes. where this film is original is in the blending of the traditional hong kong movie style with the hollywood action adventure. sadly this has not been true of the films he has made in hollywood.

this is one of the finest films to come out of hong kong's 'new wave' that began with tsui hark's "zu: warriors of magic mountain". tsui set a tone for the new wave's approach to the martial arts film that pretty much all the directors of the new wave (jackie chan, sammo hung, wong jing, ching siu tung, etc.) accepted from then on as a given; namely, the approach to such films thenceforth would need more than a touch of irony, if not outright comedy. "burning paradise" put a stop to all that, and with a vengeance.it's not that there isn't humor here; but it is a purely human humor, as with the aged buddhist priest at the beginning who somehow manages a quick feel of the nubile young prostitute while hiding in a bundle of straw. but this is just as humans are, not even buddhist priests can be saints all the time.when irony is at last introduced into the film, it is the nastiest possible, emanating from the 'abbot' of red lotus temple, who is a study in pure nihilism such as has never been recorded on film before. he is the very incarnation of milton's satan from "paradise lost": "better to rule in hell than serve in heaven!" and if he can't get to satan's hell soon enough, he'll turn the world around him into a living hell he can rule.that's the motif underscoring the brutal violence of much of the imagery here: it's not that the abbot just wants to kill people; he wants them to despair, to feel utterly hopeless, to accept his nihilism as all-encompassing reality. thus there's a definite sense pervading the red temple scenes that there just might not be any other reality outside of the temple itself - it has become all there is to the universe, and the abbot, claiming mastery of infinite power, is in charge.of course, fortunately, the film doesn't end there. though there are losses, the human will to be just ordinarily human at last prevails. (if you want to know how, see the film!) yet there is no doubt that, in viewing this film, we visit hell. hopefully, we do not witness our own afterlives; but we certainly feel chastened by the experience - and somehow better for it over all.

this movie is amazing! while being funny and entertaining, it is also profoundly deep and eye-opening. i will watch it again and again. bruce is a guy who is unhappy with his life. he has a job and a life, but it isn't what he thinks it will take to bring him happiness. bruce is bitter, unsatisfied, and resentful that his life isn't the way he envisions it should be. as a result of this state of mind, bruce ends up losing his job and blaming god for everything that he thinks is wrong with his life. god comes to bruce and grants him godly powers. bruce uses these powers to get everything he has always wanted. his life is finally exactly what he envisioned it would take to make him happy.....with one exception. in the process of gaining everything, he loses the one person who truly loved him. as the movie unfolds, bruce learns that the real change that needed to occur in his life was not the circumstances, but his perception of what was truly there. this movie was inspirational and deep. if you really pay attention, it forces you to look at your life with a deeply humbling respect for the fact that a lot of the time we are so much more blessed than we recognize. as my wife says, "since when does anybody know what it takes to make them happy?" and my humble addition, "may we not lose ourselves and those who matter while we try to find out."

this is one of those movies that they did too much promoting for. if you watch t.v., then you might as well not watch the movie. almost all the funny scenes are spoiled in the previews, except one which just happens to be jennifer annisten being the funny one. it is typical jim carrey humor and it is really funny. just don't go see this movie expecting to be surprised. all in all, if you like jim carrey or comedies this is a must-see, otherwise just watch the previews and you'll be just as satisfied.

i absolutely loved this movie. it met all expectations and went beyond that. i loved the humor and the way the movie wasn't just randomly silly. it also had a message. jim carrey makes me happy. :)

wow, finally jim carrey has returned from the died. this movie had me laughing and crying. it also sends a message that we should all know and learn from. jeniffer aniston was great, she will finally have a hit movie under her belt. if you liked liar liar you will love this movie. i give it 9/10.

bruce almighty is the best jim carrey work since the truman show, and was a pleasant surprise after some of his recent "hey hollywood - look how good i can act!" box office disappointments. it's great to see jim recognizing and embracing his strengths. he won't get an academy award but the film itself will last longer than many of the "awarded films" of the academy. he is at the top of his form in this most recent film - it's like the return of an old friend.carrey, freeman, and aniston all do a great job together - comfortable in their comedy roles, superb comic timing, and obviously having fun together but without the "hey mom - look how funny i am" type of comedy. a real surprise was steven carrell as carrey's nemesis (carrell of the daily show fame), who walked away with some the best and funniest scenes of the film. i laughed harder at carell than anyone else in the past three years.i can foresee the religious nuts in the us will be up-in-arms over the treatment of god, but the bottom line of the film is true to all major theological beliefs - we are masses of protoplasms trying to get through our short lives by exercising our free will. without married with children t o complain about, this will likely become a target of people with misplaced priorities (who know the types - men adorned in gold watches on sunday morning and late nigh television, selling prayers to god). and, again, about 0.5% of the country will care and 80% of the media will report it.the bottom line: this a purely entertaining film, each audience member laughingly wondering what they would do, and a feel-good feeling at the movie conclusion. a walk down any major street in america has to confirm that god has a tremendous sense of humor. what better comic genius to remind us of that than jim carry.thanks again, jim -- it's great to have you back!!

after a slow beginning, bruce almighty is a very funny film that had something positive to say. it wasn't one of jim carrey's best performances, but he was still ok. morgan freeman was just right as god. jennifer aniston had some good moments. i miss steve correll on "the daily show!"i like director tom shadyac's choices of movies. he also did liar liar, patch adams, and the nutty professor. in all three of those and in bruce almighty, he takes a big comedy star and tells a human story with him. a director who knows comedy, can get the talent he gets, and can tell a meaningful and intelligent story with it is hard to find.my biggest complaint is that they should have used more biblical references. i only remember three specific biblical references and they were the three funniest parts of the whole movie. my guess is that the first few drafts of the screenplay had more biblical references, but they were cut out because the producers were afraid of offending people. that's too bad because i thought it was a missed opportunity.my grade:7 out of 10

let me start out by saying i'm a big carrey fan. although i'll admit i haven't seen all of his movies *cough*the magestic*cough*. bruce almighty was enjoyable. none of the other reviews have really gone into how cheesy it gets towards the end, i dont know what the writers were thinking. somehow i couldn't help but feel like this movie was a poor attempt at re-creating liar liar.on a positive note, the daily show's steve correl is hilarious and so is the rest of the cast. see bruce almighty if you're a big jim carrey fan, or if you just want to see a light-hearted (que soft piano music) somewhat funny comedy.

`bruce almighty' will sweep the academy awards with a record 14 oscar wins! it will surpass `titanic' as the highest grossing film of all time! jim carrey's illustriousness will be at such a supreme level that he will announce his presidential candidacy for the 2004 white house playoffs. almighty then! these grandeur fantasies would only transpire if the filmmakers (carrey included) would possess the powers of god. that very same premise is the paramount ingredient in carrey's new laugh riot `bruce almighty'. carrey plays bruce nolan, a televison reporter who is so utterly obsessed in being the main anchor that he holds god to total culpability for his own contretemps. god, heavenly played by morgan freeman, grants bruce the `gift of god'(his powers) in order to challenge him if he can do god's job any better. obviously, bruce gets `carreyed' away with his newfound blissful faculties and uses them selfishly. carrey is back in his habitual almighty comedic form in `bruce almighty'. jennifer aniston was not `mis.pittiful' as bruce's girlfriend. however, my premier kudos goes to director tom shadyac for not letting the dog out of the house for #2, and showing us the most hilarious doggoned bathroom scene of all time! `bruce almighty' is not the most in-depth carrey film, but it is still an almighty chuckling exhibition of `carreyism'! **** good

jim carrey and morgan freeman along with jennifer aniston combine to make one of the funniest movies so far this 2003 season (late may) and a good improvement on carrey's past crazy and personally forgetable roles in past comedies. with a slightly toned down carrey antics yet with just the zap and crackle of his old self, carrey powerfully carries this movie to the height of laughter and also some dramatic, tearfully somber moments. elements of jim's real acting abilities continue to show up in this movie. this delightful summer entertainment hits most of the buttons, including dramatic elements along with the goofy moments that fit perfectly with this script. while still lacking in the superbly polished ensemble of comedy/drama, bruce, almightly deserves credit for being a great date movie along with a solid message and soft spiritual cynicism and parody that maintains its good-natured taste. eight out of ten stars.

ok, so it's not a masterpiece like the godfather, but it doesn't have to be. the only purpose this movie has is to make the viewer laugh several times. if it can make the viewer laugh a bunch of times, it has accomplished its purpose. i laughed out loud and left with a smile. i feel like i got my money's worth.

fairly funny jim carrey vehicle that has him as a news reporter who temporarily gets the power of god and wrecks havoc. carrey is back in familiar ground here and looks to be having a good time, and jennifer aniston as his put upon girlfriend is also charming and affecting. the story is predictible to the extreme but the cast (including morgan freeman as "god") is great and makes the film worth catching. grade: b

well not actually. this movie is very entertaining though. went and saw it with the girlfriend last night and had to use the "i think there might be something in my eye" routine. the movie is a great combination of comedy and typical romance. jim carey is superb as a down on his luck reporter who is given the power to change himself and the city in which he resides. in fact all the characters are great. the movie is not overly funny or sappy, good flick to go see with the wife.all in all 8/10....note * i am not an easy grader. thats all from bigv over and out!

i for one was glad to see jim carrey in a film where being over the top wasn't the goal. his character is like all of us. wanting more - better things to happen to us and expecting god to deliver.morgan freeman made a great god. with a sense of humor and a genuine sense of love for each of us yet ready to take a little vacation when the opportunity presents itself.i thought jennifer aniston's character was a little too vulnerable and understanding towards carry's basically self-centered tv anchorman wanna-be but that's the way it was written.i think the previews ruined several potentially very funny scenes because everyone who saw them knew what was coming before it happened.i have read a number of the reviews and it seems some people are looking a little too deep. this is a summer comedy and is not meant to solve the problems of the world although there are a few messages we could all take to heart.a funny film.

i am a very big jim carrey fan. i laughed my ass off during liar liar and ace ventura. i also like him in his serious movies, especially truman show. this one is a cross between his very funny side, and his serious side. he is of course very funny in this movie, but there are parts that are very serious, and he pulls it off with a lot of ease. he is truely a multi-function actor.as for the rest of the cast, i was happy with jennifer aniston's acting. i think she is more than just a couple of nice tits and great ass. morgan freeman makes a very cool god. as for steven carell, his limited scenes are very funny, especially in the anchor scene.overall, i would have to rate this a 9. good acting, funny script, and some very serious situations make this a very good film.

a very funny movie. it was good to see jim carrey back in top form. it was definitely worth the price of admission. morgan freeman and jennifer aniston both played outstanding supporting roles in this film. i think they may have played the dog a bit too much however, still a good film to see.

bruce almighty, one of carrey's best pictures since... well... a long time. it contains one of the funniest scenes i have seen for a long time too... morgan freeman plays god well and even chips in a few jokes that are surprisingly funny. it contains one or two romantic moments that are a bit boring but over all a great movie with some funny scenes. the best scene in, it is where jim is messing up the anchor man's voice.my rating: 8/10

this film is the best film jim carrey has ever made. carrey did not have his usual face making stuff in this film. he was both funny and sad. carrey played a reporter named bruce nolan. nolan blames god(morgan freeman) for everything that goes wrong in his life. then, god comes down from heaven and gives bruce his powers. as i said before, carrey did an excellent job. i also thought that morgan freeman and jennifer aniston were great as supporting actor/actress. the plot was good because it had many subpoints in the main point. this movie can be funny(bruce's dog) as well as sad(the "break-up"). the script worked well, too. i am glad they made a sequel to this film. i rate this film a 9/10.

bruce almighty is the story of bruce nolan, an average man who feels god is messing up his life. god confronts him and show bruce the error of his ways. of course, giving someone god's powers could take a turn for the worse. bruce almighty is a good comedy, jim carrey is good, as always morgan freeman is first-rate and seems right at home as god and the cast brings the plot together well. the jokes are almost always on target, although sometimes they resort a bit too much on carrey's facial expressions. i liked the fact that the movie actually portrayed god, not only that but also as a black man. i thought this quite well, especially with the brilliant freeman. there are some hilarious scenes, the opening cookie scene for instance, others miss the target slightly but still a good film. 6/7 out of 10

"bruce almighty" looks and sounds incredibly stupid, especially from the trailers. nevertheless, i found in it a deeper message that actually made me like this film more. bruce (jim carrey) is angry at god and is given divine powers by him to be god for a week to see if he can do a better job. morgan freeman plays a man symbolized here as god, and though it isn't his usual type of film or one of his best roles, he does excellent with what he is given to work with. although crude at times, the film does have quite a few laughs, from bruce parting his soup in half like the red sea and the customers' reactions to him, as well as freeman's seemingly laid-back and wisecracking image of god. it is overly exaggerated at times, and there is some crude humor, but overall it manages to be somewhat funny. there is a decent supporting cast, such as jennifer aniston, lisa ann walter, and steve carrell, which always helps. the end of the film proves to be very romantic and tear-jerking, and the message is clear, that we should do what god has called us to do and "be the miracle." the film is far from perfect, but still enjoyable, and far better than i and many people probably would have expected, especially if we see the deeper message of the film.*** out of ****

if you want a serious laugh pain, watch this movie, and the things bruce inflicts on his fellow newscaster. the deleted scenes are priceless. i don't know why they didn't include them in the original movie. it can't be because of time, since the movie is only 101 minutes long. morgan freeman is a brilliant actor, who has been overlooked for too long. jim carrey needs meds!

as someone who lives near buffalo, new york, this movie scored points with me before i even saw it, since the story is based here. there are even some bit parts with real-life news-tv anchor people from buffalo..and, for once, it doesn't knock the area. hallelujah!theology-wise, puh-leeze!!! god is still made to look and think like humans...and, of course, be a bit on the liberal side. being the lightweight comedy it is, it's nothing that should win any awards but it still is entertaining and is a pleasant way to kill 102 minutes. there are some laugh-out-loud slapstick comedy scenes and, hopefully, audiences - from christians to atheists.- got something out of this besides a few laughs, such as what prayer should really be all about. kudos to the writers for at least getting that theology correct and giving a good message.overall, it's a good-hearted film that should offend very few.

i really do not know what people have against this film, but it's definitely one of my favourites. it's not preachy, it's not anchored by it's moral, it shouldn't be controversial. it's just god. any possible god, no matter the religion. and it's really funny.jim carry plays bruce nolan, a tv reporter usually stuck on the lighter side of the news, desperate to prove himself (more or less to himself) that he can be taken seriously and do a good job in an anchor job. this drive is what is slowly driving his beautiful girlfriend grace (jennifer aniston) away. when the final straws are executed, he's quick to not laugh, but yell in the face of god, who in turn gives bruce his powers. bruce then makes his life better for himself, until he's guilted into helping others, where he then continues to miss the point of his powers. meanwhile, his constant excitement about his own life makes him more selfish, leaving his relationship on dangerous ground.ok, that was kinda long. but as a plot, it works well. the step-by-step fashion in which we meet the challenges of being god is much better than clustering his problems together, and is able to hide itself fairly well.as you probably know from hearing about this movie in the first place, carrey's pitch-perfect acting stays in character (which, luckily enough, is him), and controls and gives atmosphere to the movie scene by scene. whether they would admit it or not, the role was written or rewritten exclusively for carrey. without him, the humour would turn flat, as humour is half execution. and the humour is very good in the first place. but without carrey, it would kinda feel like a it's a wonderful life wannabe.jennifer aniston is great and, no matter what some may say, does not act like the only excuse for the third act. at least, you don't think that when you see her. she gives a heartfelt performance and makes you forget you're watching a movie, she and carrey feel very much like a real couple.the movie feels ggooooodd (see the movie to understand), has a very nice feeling, tackles the idea appropriately and better than expected and overall should never have been called slapped together just to save carrey's career (which wasn't goin' anywhere.).

well, was morgan freeman any more unusual as god than george burns? this film sure was better than that bore, "oh, god". i was totally engrossed and lmao all the way through. carrey was perfect as the out of sorts anchorman wannabe, and aniston carried off her part as the frustrated girlfriend in her usual well played performance. i, for one, don't consider her to be either ugly or untalented. i think my favorite scene was when carrey opened up the file cabinet thinking it could never hold his life history. see if you can spot the file in the cabinet that holds the events of his bathroom humor: i was rolling over this one. well written and even better played out, this comedy will go down as one of this funnyman's best.

now either you like mr carrey's humour or you don't. me, myself and irene had audiences both walking out in droves and, on the other hand, cheering and collapsing in puddles of mirth. bruce almighty is a bit more mainstream, but you have been warned.if you're not sure, watch the trailer. i saw the trailer three times and still laughed at the same gags when i saw the film. if you don't find the sight of a dog putting the seat down after using the loo funny, don't bother with the movie.carrey, a reporter stuck in a rut covering 'lighter news' berates god when the whole of his life seems to be going to pot. god takes up the challenge and asks carrey if he can do better. carrey gets into the swing of having all of god's powers by making his girlfriend (jennifer aniston)'s breasts bigger, getting himself promoted, and answering everyone's prayers by single stroke computer commands.this is not a highbrow movie or even that memorable, but it is very well made within it's very limited intent, provides almost continuous laughs to carrey fans, and even any religious cheesiness is likely to be inoffensive to all but the most narrow-minded god-squadders and anti-god-squadders.on the more thoughtful level, the film tempts us to speculate about carrey's own career - stuck in his 'comedy' typecasting he has largely failed to make an impression as a serious actor even after winning two golden globes. his most accomplished 'straight' role, the man on the moon, is less well known that his comedy romps - or the truman show (on which the academy heaped three nominations whilst bypassing carrey).

starring: jim carrey, morgan freeman, jennifer anniston i was really quite skeptical the first time i watched this movie. i mean, what a conceptual nightmare. jim carrey playing god? nothing is sacred anymore.well, this movie is hardly sacred, but it also is not sacrilegious, at least not to any great extent. yes, jim carrey has the powers of god for a while, but he is not god. confused? i'll give you the low down.jim carrey plays bruce nolan, a reporter who is down on his luck and feeling very unsuccessful with his life. he lives with his beautiful girlfriend, grace (anniston), and you can tell right off the bat that they love each other, but the relationship is on fairly shaky ground.then bruce gets a shot at anchorman, only to have it underhandedly stolen by evan baxter. obviously not please, bruce shares his thoughts with the world through the television in a way which is comical and definitely worthy of getting him fired.much complaining and griping about god later, bruce gets a page. after a while he gets tired of it calling, so he responds and goes to the omni presents building (heh). there he meets god (freeman), who is the boss, electrician, and janitor of the building. i found this highly amusing. god is the boss, the holy spirit is the electrician, and jesus christ is the janitor. think about it. boss, obvious. electrician, the guy who keeps everything running. janitor, the guy who cleans up the mess that the world has left. brilliant.anyway, bruce is a little skeptical about having actually met god, but when god gives bruce his powers and gives him a shot at playing god, he starts to believe a bit. wonder why. enter the flagrant abuse of powers for personal gain and to abuse the enemies.since this is hollywood, bruce obviously eventually smartens up, learns his lesson, and starts using his powers for the good of the world. in the end he cries out for god to take it away and prays that his will be done, not bruce's.since it is jim carrey, the movie is quite amusing, and there are definitely some highly entertaining moments in it. the movie is not perfect theology, but for hollywood, it is definitely a good attempt. many statements in the film can be quite thought provoking and even challenging, and i applaud tom shadyac for his effort in this movie.so, while far from perfect, definitely an amusing popcorn movie with a little bit of thought behind it.bottom line: 3.5 out of 4 (worth a view or two)

jim carrey is back to much the same role that he played in the mask, a timid guy who is trying to get ahead in the world but who seems to be plagued with bad luck. even when he tries to help a homeless guy from being harassed by a bunch of hoodlums (and of course they have to be mexican, obviously), his good will towards his fellow man backfires. in that case, it wasn't too hard to predict that he was about to have a handful of angry hoodlums, but i like that the movie suggests that things like that shouldn't be ignored. i'm reminded of the episode of michael moore's brilliant the awful truth, when they had a man lay down on the sidewalk and pretend to be dead and see who would actually stop and make sure he was okay. the results were not very promising, so it's nice to see someone in the movies setting a good example.jim carrey plays the part of bruce nolan, the nice guy mentioned above whose entire life seems to be falling apart. or even better, it seems to be breaking up by the blows of bad luck like an asteroid entering the atmosphere (a little metaphor that comes up when bruce miraculously finds himself a gigantic news story later in the film). bruce is nearly 40 years old and all he has to show for it is a position as a news reporter of the sort that reports on such exciting news as the local bakery that's seeking to bake the world's biggest cookie. he's desperate to obtain the job of head anchor at the tv station, but he loses his cool on live tv when he hears that the job went to his rival colleague. you have to love how they time the revelation of this news to him seconds before his first live report. needless to say, he loses his temper on live tv in one of the funniest scenes of the entire film.morgan freeman delivers a fantastic performance as the man himself, displaying a god whose infinite wisdom is somewhat reflected through freeman's massive talent as an actor. he is the kind of god who takes his job very seriously, but in such a way as to advise his followers (as well as the viewers of this movie) that there are times when you need to slow down and do some manual labor in life. i love his line that some of the happiest people in the world come home smelling to high heaven at the end of the day. there are a lot of people in the world (maybe more than our share in america) who are so absorbed by their money and their possessions and their jobs and everything that they completely lost touch with the natural side of themselves as humans.one of the biggest strengths is that the movie is able to provide great advice to people in general about improving their lives, and this message is clear and acceptable regardless of the viewer's religion. i, for example, tend to reject organized religion in all forms and i see god and satan to be metaphors for different aspects of nature and human psychology rather than actual figures who ever lived or continue to live. but despite the fact that i don't believe that god exists as an entity overseeing the universe or as a janitor dressed all in white who mops the floors of his downtown office in his spare time, i was able to appreciate the messages that were delivered in this movie.jim carrey's movies display this fantastic evolution that ties them all together and makes the newer ones look even better just because you can see how far he's come. if you compare bruce almighty with movies like ace ventura (both of which i loved, by the way) or a lot of what he did before he got into film, it's amazing how far he's come. he has moved from cheesy tv comedy to cheesy comedic films to comedies that are truly intelligent and meaningful like this film as well as others like the truman show, man on the moon, and the majestic (easily one of his greatest films ever). jim carrey has unmistakably moved from the cheesy comedy of his past to become one of the most important comic actors working today.jennifer aniston also once again provides an excellent addition to the movie (as she did in the side-splitting office space) as bruce's girlfriend, who becomes increasingly exasperated by bruce's growing stress about his life as well as his negligence to ask her to marry him. there is definitely some low-brow comedy in the film that doesn't really fit with the importance of the film's meaning or the quality of the delivery, such as the dog reading the newspaper on the toilet and the whole monkey scene, but it was definitely pretty nice to see ace ventura's friend spike make a cameo appearance. as stephen king very well knows, it's always nice to see familiar characters. it's almost like seeing family again.bruce is endowed with the powers of god for a given period of time so that he can understand life a bit better, and he says a lot about himself when he uses the powers only for his own purposes rather than to help all of the people who pray to him. the thing i love about this is that, like i said before, religion is absent from my life, but i was able to watch this and learn a lot about myself as well by thinking about what kinds of things i would have done had i been endowed with such powers. the movie allows us to learn vicariously this way, which empowers the message even more.the scenes that involve the news station are easily the funniest in the entire film, such as the scene when bruce loses his temper about the anchor position, the jimmy hoffa scene (who was conveniently buried with an original birth certificate and a complete set of dental records), the scene where bruce's rival colleague is made to go nuts on camera, and my favorites, the ones at the beginning and the end involving the local bakery's cooking. the movie has plenty of time for carrey to deliver some excellent jokes, such as when he says to god (who reveals that he's the janitor, the proprietor, the electrician, etc) that his christmas parties must be real bashes, and to be careful about drinking, because on of him might need a ride home! i also loved the end when he says that behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes. a little too true, and as gallagher would add, behind every great man is also an amazed mother-in-law.bruce almighty is one of the more memorable comedies to have come out for quite a while, and is probably the only directly religious that i can remember seeing that i am anxious to buy on dvd to add to my personal collection. it is a comedy written and performed in good taste, but with enough relatively low-brow humor to keep the kids entertained. this is a meaningful comedy for the whole family, which is becoming rarer and rarer these days. in a world that is about to be flogged with yet another american pie film and another scary movie (which are only scary because of their sheer barbarous idiocy), it's nice to see that there are still people making comedies worth watching. don't miss this one.

this one and "her pilgrim soul" are two of my favorite episodes in this new version of twilight zone. as i mentioned in my comment on the new series, there's something lacking in this new series. maybe they emphasize too much the lesson that has to be learned. it's a little bit more mawkish and sentimental than serling's version. however, this episode can be considered as quite sentimental too. i think the appeal is that no matter what they do, the lovers can never unite. i remember i wasn't surprised by the korean movie "il mare" (later remade into "the lake house". i think it's because i saw this episode first so it ruined the impact of the later film.

this a good episode of the new twilight zone that actually includes interesting ideas and clever stories (i note both of them are based on short stories). "examination day" is set in the future, year unknown but at a point where they have cake candles that light themselves, huge tv-looking "phones" that double as numerous other entertaining machines and distributed only to those of a certain age...and the examination day, a point where 12-year-olds must undergo a government-required iq test. the kid is this story, dickie jordan (david mendenhall) is just celebrating his own 12th birthday and is a smart kid, so is calm, even eager to take the test that he has seen friends pass easily and knows he will excel at based on his school grades. his parents (christopher allport and elizabeth norment), on the other hand, say he shouldn't have used his birthday wish on getting a good score, and while their reason includes that they believe he's capable and he should have no need to worry, it's pretty obvious they are worried. i won't give anything away in the ending, but i will say this - there's a point where we get a glimpse of what's to come as far ass why the test is such a heavy subject: that evening (or another?) his parents ask dickie whether he'd prefer to watch tv all night. by today's standards, we'd be pleased he'd say he'd rather read and not just because there's nothing worth watching...but why would his family ask this? the flavor of what's encouraged and discouraged in the future reminded me a bit of the atmosphere from harrison bergenon (which i hear hasn't received a great adaptation to the screen). i only wish they could've provided an opening and closing narration to make this theme as powerful as the obsolete man was. i found it to be better than the short story it was based on. i haven't read the one that "a message from charity" was based on, but would like to since it was interesting - a 16-year-ld boy, peter (robert duncan mcneill) is suffering a fever from unclean water, that has always been common in his massachusetts hometown...but he is able to see through the eyes of a young puritan woman suffering the same type of fever, charity payne, (kerry noonann) who also finds herself able to experience what goes on around him. they both recover, especially since it's common for that to happen in 1985, but the connection doesn't go away. charity is curious about the sights and sounds she records of 1985 and they each enjoy each other's company, especially peter, who has promoted grades in school enough to always have felt isolated from other students, even at the college he's been staying in one place at. things take an unexpected turn, though, when charity reveals some of these experiences to a friend who take her claims that the 13 colonies will breach from england as a sign of bewitchment, added to the fact that she was spared death from the fever (not so common in 1700). the two try to learn a way to save her. the ending is sad but has an interesting final moment that makes it touching. both segments of this episode include a lot of pain but both times, through a lesson/warning that sounds like something rod sterling would've cooked up and entertainment, make cheerful watching as reminders that friendship, love, and wisdom do a great deal. probably 3/4 of this has no theme, but somehow i think it all would have been approved by sterling's crew.

remember these two stories fondly and in the first, set in the not too distant future, we see a young boy preparing for examination day, the state i.q test. the boy is slightly puzzled as to his parents anxiety as some of his friends have already done it already and eventually goes off to do the test. upon arriving he is given an injection and is curious as to why. the examiner smiles and tells him that it is just to make sure he tells the truth. the boy then asks, puzzled again, why wouldn't he? it is later and the parents are sitting waiting worriedly by the screen when a message appears and declares that the state are sorry, but their son's i.q level has exceeded the national quotient and ask politely would they like a private burial. a corker of a concluding scene! a message from charity was a heart warming story about a fluke mental connection between a girl from the past and a guy from the present. which pans out into a weird story of witchcraft accusations in the past and delving into the history pages in the present. a nice story with a heartwarming conclusion.

i saw this movie when i was a child. it blew me away. this was before the days of television, so a movie of this magnitude, could send a young kid into orbit. it so impressed me, that i went to see this movie for twelve consecutive days. the special effects used at this time were far ahead of its' time. sabu was a real delight, as was rex ingram as the genie. i found myself singing "i want to be a sailor" for months after the film left town. i would recommend this movie to any and everyone. i forgot to mention conrad veidt, who was as villainous a character as you'd ever want to meet. also, june duprez was never lovelier than she was in this picture. the color was outstanding. give this movie an aaa!

next to "star wars" and "the wizard of oz," this remains one of the greatest fantasy films ever made. it's a true shame it's not as well-known as the former films (maybe because it sticks to a story based on legends rather than contemporary or sci-fi settings, and that it's british, meaning a smaller market for films) but its wonderful to know that it's deserved that reputation.like all great family films, one can be a child, an adult, or even a teenager to enjoy this film (i'm currently 18), but one must appreciate classic films first. i absolutely adore this film. it has an extraordinary music score by miklos rozsa (perhaps my favorite classic film score) that rivals any john williams "star wars" score, a fast but not flashy pace, beautiful sets, dialog, and use of color (both the sets and cinematography won oscars), and state-of-the-art oscar-winning special effects (for the time, and some are still stunning). and, of course, june duprez's sultry looks as the princess rivals that of catherine zeta-jones' (she even looks like jones in a way!).in conclusion, this is one of my all-time favorite movie (next to "the adventures of robin hood") and it truly deserves more attention. it is a true adventure of enchantment throughout, and, along with "robin hood," it's my desert island film that i could watch over and over again without getting annoyed.stars: **** (excellent)

it is very rare for a film to appeal to viewers of all ages--to children for a fine narrative and a wonderful, colorful production, and, to adults, for a literate script, fine production values, good casting/acting, all bound together with a fine rozsa score. two roughly contemporary films accomplish this--"thief of baghdad" (1940) and "the adventures of robin hood" (1938). some of the back story on this production is fascinating. this production, commenced in england in the summer of 1939, moved to hollywood, and proved a cover for british intelligence efforts! the producer, alexander korda, was subsequently knighted in 1942. here is a unique case of the intersection of art, commerce, and politics! by all means, secure a good cd of this film for your library!

this is a beautiful movie filled with adventure. the genii in the bottle is a classic scene. romantic in it's finish, all things turn out as they should be. i saw this first as a child and have remembered it as a fantasy i wished was true.

let's cut a long story short. i loved every minute of it. a lavish fantasy in true arabian-nights style. there's an evil magician, a pretty princess, a djinn and everybody lives happily ever after. modern hollywoond sure does have one or two things to learn from this classic. only quibble: the special effects are pretty dated (loved sabu with the djinn's foot, though!)

a magical journey concocted by alexander korda and michael powell. these two titans of the british cinema have mixed some fabulous ingredients to produce a movie masterpiece! some of the most ravishing early technicolor, a sublime and shimmering miklos rozsa musical score along with the youthful exuberance of sabu, the theatrical and malevolent villainy of conrad veidt and the exquisite beauty and voice of june duprez as the princess all work wonderfully well. miles malleson who plays duprez father, the sultan of basra, also wrote the perfect screenplay which is appropriately grandiose. don't miss this one! since posting the above comments, i have obtained the recently released dvd and can honestly say i'd never seen the picture properly until viewing this dvd version-the clarity and resolution is so precise and the colors are so vivid that i was stunned-this amazing classic can be watched time an again and never fails to charm and delight the viewer. again, a must see!

a fantastic arabian adventure. a former king, ahmad, and his best friend, the thief abu (played by sabu of black narcissus) search for ahmad's love interest, who has been stolen by the new king, jaffar (conrad veidt). there's hardly a down moment here. it's always inventing new adventures for the heroes. personally, i found ahmad and his princess a little boring (there's no need to ask why john justin, who plays ahmad, is listed fourth in the credits). conrad veidt, always a fun actor, makes a great villain, and sabu is a lot of fun as the prince of thieves, who at one point finds a genie in a bottle. i also really loved miles malleson as the sultan of basra, the father of the princess. he collects amazing toys from around the world. jaffar bribes him for his daughter's hand with a mechanical flying horse. this probably would count as one of the great children's films of all time, but the special effects are horribly dated nowadays. kids will certainly deride the superimposed images when abu and the genie are on screen together. and the scene with the giant spider looks especially awful. although most of the younger generation probably thinks that king kong looks bad at this point in time, willis o'brien's stop-motion animation is a thousand times better than a puppet on a string that doesn't even look remotely like a spider. 8/10.

this was usually producer alexander korda's advice on set to many of his underlings; the film is credited with three directors but in truth alex, zoltan korda and william cameron menzies helped out, pushing it to six.for john kobal's 1987 book, "the top 100 movies", his survey of 81 film critics saw the thief of bagdad reach 55th place. a closer examination reveals only jose luis guarner, john russell taylor and kobal himself actually voted for the picture, but their high placings were enough to take it to near the half-way mark.the outbreak of the second world war saw the movie's production shifted around england and america, eventually seeing completion in 1940 and winning three technical oscars. like citizen kane, it is in some ways perhaps a film you might admire rather than love.the special effects, outstanding for the time, are still reasonable, and actually hold up if you squint. but it's not so much their effectiveness as the audacity of the inventions. among them is an amusing horse, constructed out of a kit model, which, when a key is inserted up it's rear end, begins to fly. there's also a killer toy of the six-armed goddess kali, (perhaps quite obviously a single woman with two women sitting behind her) and a quite horrific-looking giant spider. also impressing is the climax with its wonderful flying carpet. but most memorable has to be rex ingram appearing as, in a superb moment of cinematic conceit, a djinn (genie) nearly a thousand feet tall! ingram portrays the genie as quite a menacing creature, and adds an element of danger to the proceedings. and look out for the moment where he's tricked back into his bottle!john justin does well as the arabic king who, for some strange reason, has an english accent and a stiff upper lip. sabu, the astonishingly muscled 15year-old, is near-namesake abu, a likeably cocky thief. after they cross paths with the evil jaffer (conrad veidt), justin finds himself blind and abu is turned into a dog. when it seems the rest of the film will be told in flashback through the blind ahmed's (justin's) perspective, we find that halfway through the movie we catch up to the present and the adventure continues. in truth, the second half is someway the better, being full of greater incident and more fantastical in nature.three small songs pepper the piece, though as the film lasts for 100 minutes this feels more like mild flavouring rather than a real ingredient; i wouldn't classify this as a musical. it's all great fun; justin and june duprez are the love interest for the mums and dads, veidt is the boo-hiss villain, and abu is the youthful, irrepressible robber. it may take a while to get into the somewhat dated mindset and overblown melodrama of 40s english movies, but once you've sat through the first half an hour or so this film really draws you in. quite commendable.

the making of the thief of bagdad is quite a story unto itself, almost as wondrous as the tale told in this film. alexander korda nearly went broke making this film.according to the citadel film series book about the great british films, adopted son of the united kingdom alexander korda had conceived this film as early as 1933 and spent years of planning and preparation. but world war ii unfortunately caught up with korda and the mounting expenses of filming a grand spectacle.budget costs happen in us films too, only cecil b. demille always had a free hand at paramount after 1932 when he returned there. but demille nor any of his american contemporaries had to worry about enemy bombs while shooting the film. part of the way through the shoot, korda transported the whole company to america and shot those sequences with rex ingram as the genie in our grand canyon. he certainly wasn't going to get scenery like that in the uk. korda also finished the interiors in hollywood, all in time for a release on christmas day 1940.the spectacle of the thing earned the thief of bagdad four academy award nominations and three oscars for best color cinematography, best art&set direction for a color film, and best special effects. only miklos rosza's original musical score did not take home a prize in a nominated category. korda must have been real happy about deciding to shoot in the grand canyon because it's impossible to get bad color pictures from that place.the special effects however do not overwhelm the simple story of good triumphing over evil. the good is the two young lovers john justin and june duprez and the evil is conrad veidt as the sorcerer who tries to steal both a kingdom and a heart, both belonging to duprez. this was veidt's career role until casablanca where he played the luftwaffe major stroesser. of course good gets a little help from an unlikely source. beggar boy and thief sabu who may very well have been one of the few who could call himself at the time an international movie star. literally rising from poverty working as an elephant stable boy for the maharajah of mysore he was spotted by alexander korda who needed a native lead for one of his jungle features. sabu captures all the innocence and mischievousness of youth as he fulfills the arabian nights fantasy of the boy who topples a tyrant. not a bad message to be sending out in 1940 at that.the thief of bagdad holds up remarkably well today. it's an eternal tale of love, romance, and adventure in any order you want to put it.

although time has revealed how some of the effects were done this story of love and adventure still is special.if you've never seen this film before you'll be shocked at how much has been stolen by later film makers. i was watching this with a friend who was amazed at how much disney's aladdin cribbed from the film. they loved the movie and enjoyed that it was such a touchstone for so many other films and film makers.i've given the film an 8 out of 10 instead of a 10 out of ten, which is where a good portion of this film dwells, because in the final 15 minutes the film falls apart in the pacing. everything is rushed as if they has to suddenly get to the end. from the point from the departure of the djinn to the end it appears to be more sketch then finished painting. it doesn't kill the film, but it does weaken it.still its required viewing for anyone who loves a good fairy tale, or even a great movie.

this was a favorite of my childhood - i can remember seeing it on television and thrilling to it each time. now that i'm grown up and have a kid of my own, i wanted to introduce him to this classic movie. we watched it last friday, and he liked it. during abu's fight with the giant spider, my son's hand crept over and took hold of mine - he was genuinely scared. "is he gonna beat the spider, poppa?" just watch, you'll see. he has no historical frame of reference to speak of (eight years old), so bagdad under the grandson of haroun al-raschid might as well be oz under ozma.i think he especially liked how much of the heroics and derring-do were perpetrated by the boy-thief, and not the grown-up king. in fact, if you deconstruct the film's narrative a bit, the king is the thief's sidekick, not the hero at all - which must be very satisfying to imaginative, adventurous young boys. it's definitely a period piece - i suspect that by the time he's eleven or twelve, my son will find it 'corny' or whatever word the next generation will be using by then. the love story is barely one-dimensional - as a cynical friend commented, "why does ahmad love the princess? because the narrative demands it." the willingness of abu to put himself in jeopardy (repeatedly) for the clueless, love-struck deposed king is equally improbable. but to quibble about such things while accepting flying mechanical horses, fifty-foot genies and the temple of the all-seeing eye would be fatuous in the extreme. the satisfaction of seeing the prophecy fulfilled at the movie's climax is tremendous, as is the final shot of abu triumphantly flying away on his (stolen) magic carpet, seeking "some fun, and adventure at last!"

probably the finest fantasy film ever made. sumptuous colour, spectacular sets, incredible, spot-on miklos rosza musical score that is perfect for each scene and mood. acting is superb as well in what could have been stiff and pretentious in lesser hands, but here the poetic dialog is deftly, sensitively spoken (the humour is subtle and delightful as well).doubtless spielberg and lucas were enthralled by this one. along with "the four feathers" (1939), one of the two finest motion pictures released by alexander korda and london films---and one of the finest motion pictures ever made.a true, compelling classic!

words can hardly describe it, so i'll be brief. "the thief of bagdad" was my favorite movie as a child, and it has never ceased to astound or enchant me. i loved this film from the first moment i saw it, when i was a boy of six who had started reading "the arabian nights." i remember walking into the tv room in the middle of sabu's battle with the giant spider and being instantly beguiled.rarely has so much beauty, magic, and wonder been captured on film. sabu and john justin are superb as the dashing heros, conrad veidt is throughly delightful as the wicked villain jaffar, and rex ingram is a joy to watch as the sardonic genie. georges perinal's photography is some of the best use of technicolor. one of the three credited directors is michael powell, a filmmaker who has been rightfully heralded by the critics but is often overlooked by audiences for his remarkable films, including "a matter of life and death" (aka "stairway to heaven") and "the red shoes." he is one of the true masters of the camera, right up there with david lean, akira kurosawa, and orson welles.as with all great works of art, the beauty of "the thief of bagdad" lies in the detail. every frame has its own magical charm. the story never lags, and the characters and their actions are always involving. here is a film that will never grow old.

i first saw thief as a child which makes me almost as old as the jinn i guess. as any kid would be, i was delighted with the imagination, inventiveness and energy of the film. several years later, i realized how much of the satire and wit of the script i had missed on that first viewing. i have never passed up an opportunity to watch it throughout the intervening years. in addition to the script, the production transcends the fantasy genre. this is korda, the storyteller at his very best. when you see thief as a child you know that you`ve had a great time. when you see thief as an adult you know that you`ve seen a masterpiece. it`s as timeless as the story it treats. an amazing work.thomas mccarthy

this is an oriental fantasy about ¨thousand and one arabian nights¨ plenty of incredible adventures, fantasy witchery and wizardly. the malignant vizier jaffar (magnificently played by conrad veidt)with powerful magic faculties imprisons the prince ahamad of bagdad(attractive john justin)who loses his throne, then he escapes thanks a little thief named abu(sympathetic sabu). they arrive basora where ahamad and the princess(gorgeous june duprez) fall in love. but prince and thief are haunted by jaffar , ahamd is turned blind and abu is become a dog. the story accumulates several fantastic ingredients such as transformation of the starring, a flying mechanic horse, magic bow, flying carpet and of course the colossal genie(overacting performed by rex ingram) who gives three wishes to sabu , the magic eye, the figure of goddess kali with several hands, among others.this remarkable picture ranks as one of the finest fantastic films of all time. produced by london fim's alexander korda and directed by the definitively credited ludwing berger, michael powell and tim whelan with a stunning screenplay by lajos biro and miles malleson also dialogs writer and actor as sultan fond to mechanic games. the wwii outbreak caused the paralyzing shooting, then the three korda brothers and collaborators traveled usa continuing there the filming in especial on grand cannon colorado.the splendid visual and glimmer technicolor cinematography , setting and fx provoked the achieving three oscars : production design by william cameron menzies and vincent korda ,cinematography by george perinal and special effects by osmond borradaile though today are dated and is urgent a necessary remastering because the colors are worn-out. furthermore one nomination for the evocative and oriental musical score by miklos rozsa. this vivid tale with immense doses of imagination will like to fantasy fans and cinema classic buffs

despite having 6 different directors, this fantasy hangs together remarkably well.it was filmed in england (nowhere near morocco) in studios and on a few beaches. at the outbreak of war, everything was moved to america and some scenes were filmed in the grand canyon.notable for having one of the corniest lyrics in a song - "i want to be a bandit, can't you understand it". it remains a favourite of many people.

this film, was one of my childhood favorites and i must say that, unlike some other films i liked in that period the thief of bagdad has held on to it's quality while i grew up. this is not merely a film to be enjoyed by children, it can be watched and enjoyed by adults as well. the only drawback there is, is that one can not see past the bad' effects (compared to the effects nowadays) like one could when one was a child. i remembered nothing of those effects, of course it had been about ten years since i'd seen this film, when i was about eleven years old. who then watches effects? one only seeks good stories and entertainment and this is exactly what this film provides. in my mind this film is one of the first great adventure films of the 20th century. coming to think of it i feel like the indiana jones films are quite a like this film. there is comedy, romance and adventure all in one, which creates a wonderful mixture that will capture you from the beginning until the end and although the film is old and the music and style of the films is clearly not modern, it succeeds in not being dusty and old. all of that is mainly due to the great story, the good directing and the good acting performances of the actors. in that department sabu (as abu) and conrad veidt (as jaffar) stand out, providing the comedic and the chilling elements of the film for the most part. great film and although an 'oldie', definitely a goldie'. i hope someone has the brain and guts to release this one on dvd someday.8 out of 10

abu, the thief of bagdad, helps king ahmed regain his kingdom from a wicked sorcerer.as europe was going to war and significant sections of the world was going up in flames, sir alexander korda's london films unveiled this lavish escapist fare from the legends of the arabian nights. replete with swords & sorcery, it gave audiences in 1940 a short respite from the headlines. it also is a fine piece of film making, featuring good acting and an intelligent script.conrad veidt gets top billing and he deserves it, playing the evil magician jaffar. his saturnine face with its piercing eyes makes one recall the macabre roles he played with such relish during silent days. here is a villain worth watching. as the boyish thief, sabu is perfectly cast in this, his third film. while not a hero in the typical sense of the word, his character is certainly heroic in deed & action.the rest of the cast do fine work. john justin is both energetic & sensitive as the unenlightened king who must learn about the realities of live the hard way; sabu gets a significant part of the action (when he's not transformed into a dog) but justin is appropriately athletic when needs must. lovely june duprez plays the endangered princess of basra, coveted by two very different men. appearing late in the film, massive rex ingram shakes things up as a genie with an attitude.allan jeayes uses his fine voice to good advantage as the storyteller. miles malleson gets another eccentric role as the childlike sultan of basra, forever dithering on about his mechanical toys (malleson was also responsible for the film's screen play & dialogue). aged morton selten portrays the benevolent king of legend. mary morris, later an exceptional stage actress, plays the dual roles of jaffar's accomplice and the six-armed silver dancer.the film was begun in britain, but wartime difficulties made korda move it to southern california, which probably explains the presence of american ingram in the cast. the art direction, in vibrant technicolor, is most attractive, especially the fairy tale architecture in blues, whites & pinks.*************************born sabu dastagir in 1924, sabu was employed in the maharaja of mysore's stables when he was discovered by korda's company and set before the cameras. his first four films (elephant boy-1937, the drum-1938, the thief of bagdad-1940, jungle book-1942) were his best and he found himself working out of hollywood when they were completed. after distinguished military service in world war ii he resumed his film career, but he became endlessly confined for years playing ethnic roles in undistinguished minor films, black narcissus (1947) being the one great exception. his final movie, walt disney's a tiger walks (1964) was an improvement, but it was too late. sabu had died of a heart attack in late 1963, only 39 years of age.

the story-line of "the thief of bagdad" is complex, owing to its being told in flashbacks and having three separate and equally important strands woven together. the screenplay by lajo biros and the dialogue by miles malleson keep the story moving skillfully at all points.the young king ahmad of bagdad is angry at his vizier jaffar for executing a man for having different ideas. he discovers while in disguise that people blame him for jaffar's deeds and hate him. he is imprisoned by jaffar, where he meets abu the young thief. the two escape and take a boat to the city of basra. there the companions spy when men clear the way so none will see the princess of the city passing by. ahmad falls in love with her and visits her in her garden. he tells her he has come to her from beyond time and wins a kiss. then he is captured. when jaffar comes to win the princess of basra for himself, ahmad attacks the evil vizier who blinds him and turns abu into a dog. jaffar then asks for the princess's hand, and he gives the gift of a mechanical flying horse to the sultan of basra. the blind ahmad then tells his tale in the marketplace, accompanied by abu as his dog. the prince has fallen into a sleep and nothing can wake her. so jaffar sends his servant halima for ahmad and the dog, in hopes the prince can rouse her. he does awaken her. she boards a ship to find a doctor to cure ahmad, but she is captured by jaffar who then throws the dog overboard. she then allows jaffar to take her in his arms, on his promise to restore ahmad's sight and turn abu back into a thief. the princess sees a vision of ahmad; he is in a boat; jaffar sends a storm to beset him and abu is shipwrecked on a deserted island. abu finds a genie or djinn who wants to kill him now that he is free after many centuries spent imprisoned in a bottle. abu tricks him into proving he really came from so small a vessel, then corks him in again. for freeing him, he gets three wishes. his first is for sausages. in the meanwhile, the princess pleads with her father to refuse jaffar; but jaffar shows the sultan a new mechanical toy, one of whose six arms stabs him to death. abu makes a second wish, to find ahmad. the cunning genie flies him to the goddess of the all-seeing eye. abu has to climb a great web to get to the gem that is the eye, battling a giant spider, then scaling the goddess's statue. abu gazes into the 'eye' and sees ahmad in a canyon. he has the genie take him to ahmad. ahmad uses the eye to see the princess. she smells a flower and forgets everything at once. abu wishes they were in bagdad, but the genie laughs and leaves; jaffar tells the princess that she is in love with him, omitting mention of ahmad. ahmad tries to fight his way to the princess, but jaffar smashes the 'eye'. abu finds himself in the "land of legend", where the old men who rule want to make him their king. he steals a bow and a magic carpet and escapes instead, to hurry to save ahmad and the princess. the thief arrives in time to save the young king from the executioner, using his bow from the flying carpet, to the wonder of the throng who had come to watch the execution. jaffar tries to flee on the mechanical flying horse, but another shot from the bow finishes him. ahmad is ruler again and plans to wed his princess; but when he tries to make abu his vizier, the young thief refuses, saying that what he wants is adventure, not hard work and confinement in a palace however grand it may be. this fantastic story was given a sumptuous production by producer alexander korda. the production was designed by vincent korda who was also art director, while georges perinal did the colorful cinematography. the directors credited are ludwig berger and michael powell, with tim whelan, alexander korda, william cameron menzies and zoltan korda participating. the extraordinary and numerous costumes designs were the work of john armstrong, oliver messel and marcel vertes. the production, apart from its gorgeous and expensive-looking visual splendors, i claim is dominated by two other elements, the choral music of miklos rozsa and the performance by conrad veidt as the evil jaffar. rex ingram plays the genie with a curious accent, plus his usual intelligence and power. june duprez is lovely and effective as the princess mary morris is a sad and beautiful halima, and miles malleson a properly bumbling and avaricious sultan. as ahmad, john justin appears to do most of what can be done with the part of a young prince in love and then some; he is memorably good in his winning role. this film has a spaciousness about it that is found, i assert, in other korda works also. its imaginative content stands in contrast to very-strong realistic sets, costumes and set-design elements. this is one of the most memorable idea-level fantasies of all time, worthy to be enjoyed over and over.

i first saw this movie when i was a little kid and fell in love with it at once. the sets are breath taking and some of the script is damn right hilarious: "you sons of a thousand fleas".it is always shown on tv late at night or really early in the morning i woke up at about 3:00 am once and it had just started. tv companys need to show a little more respect and put it on prime time sunday so everyone can get a chance to view this fine work.10/10

-the movie tells the tale of a prince whose life is wonderful, but after an evil wizard tells him to go into town disguised as a beggar the wizard then locks up the prince and soon becomes the shadow ruler of baghdad. the jailed prince meets a thief called abu who helps him escape the jail and head to a town called basra where he meets a princess who he falls madly in love with, but unbeknown to him the evil wizard jafa is also in love with the princess and tries to convince her father to allow him to marry her. jafa soon learns that the prince is trying to win the girls heart so he makes him blind and turns abu into a dog. this leads to the prince and abu going off on an adventure to find a way to defeat jafa, restore peace to baghdad and marry the princess. during their journey they encounter everything from sarcastic genies that takes abu on a flight through the clouds, a giant spider that's really hungry, and a flying horse that probably gives birth to one of the most beautiful sequence these old eyes of mine have ever seen.-this is a pure fantasy movie from start to finish it has flying horses, genies, flying carpets, and wizards that can actually do magic instead of just hit people with their staffs. it doesn't have any cheesy moments and the love story isn't a waste of time. the production designs are just stunning in this movie. from the palaces to the different dangerous traps that the heroes encounter. even though this movie is over 40 years old, the production design is far better than most of the crap that gets tacked on in today's cinema. the music and songs are also well done. anyone who sees it will no doubt hail, "i want to be a sailor sailing on the seas" as one of the great musical moments in movies. i'm usually not a huge fan of singing in movies since i find them about as enjoyable as doing my taxes but i'll be more than happy to make an exception for this movie.-what sells the movie for me is the sheer fact that you get to see things you don't see in everyday life which is also the same reason why i love stuff like "two towers" and "silent hill". way before today's modern fantasy movie came along with their realistic cgi to blow our minds there was this movie which blew your mind without having green screen scattered all over the place. one of my favorite shots in "two towers" is the one where we see the trolls opening the black gates, the main appeal of that shot for me was seeing these great fantasy beings doing what is essentially manual labor, and that's what i love about the genie and other creatures in the movie. they're just there trying to make a living just like everyone else which gives them a real feel even though they're all just fantasy beings.-it's literally impossible to watch this movie and not notice where the makers of "aladdin" got their inspiration. the characters from this movie are pretty much the same characters in that movie from the talkative genie right down to the flying carpet. it's not an entirely bad thing in my eyes since it's nice to know that i'm not the only one on the planet that has a deep passionate love for this amazing movie. i first saw this as a kid in the motherland and thought it was the greatest thing in the world and upon watching it again last week i still think it's amazing. that's a true testament that a great movie can withstand the test of time. sure, the effects look a wee bit outdated and cheesy but it was made way back in the 40's so give it a break. not everything looks outdated though since most of the stuff can still hold its own today when scrutinized under today's standard.-if you ever wanted to see a live action version of "aladdin" then you should get your wish with this but the angry cynical bunch will probably do good in avoiding this since this won't be their cup of tea.

the thief of baghdad is one of my ten all-time favorite movies. it is exciting without gore, it is beautifully filmed and the art direction is flawless. the casting couldn't have been better. rex ingram made me believe in genies. and the epitome of evil is certainly captured by conrad veight as jafar. he set the bar very high...i watch this movie at least twice a year...and never tire of it. this film is an adventure for all ages..no-one too old to enjoy it. the thief of bahgdad jogs my memories to a more innocent time...i was ten years old the first time i saw it and the u.s. was just about to enter wwii. conrad vieght was such a great actor that he was able to continue this underlying "evilness" a few years later in "casablanca." and korda teamed up,i believe, with justin and dupree again in "the four feathers"....great film-making!

an utterly beautiful film, one of a handful of i saw when young that entranced me then and still do, in thief's case the impression actually seems to get better with the passing of time. by the '90's my daughter and i had seen it many times on tv but still went to the pictures when it came to the local art-house cinema  when it had finished we came out starry eyed with heads full of poetry and miklos rozsa's stirring music wishing it could have lasted a couple of hours longer and thinking what a beautiful world it suddenly was again.idealistic prince ahmad wants to slum it amongst his people for a while to check things out, but evil vizier jaffar takes his chance to imprison him and seize the throne. after escaping with a little thief played by sabu, ahmad spots a princess and they fall blindingly in love  along the way they have many adventures (although apparently not enough for sabu!) and love not only conquers but annihilates everything. the special effects must have been mesmerising in 1940, but time has taken its toll and lessened their impact especially since digital cartoonery has taken over even live action  but they still hold up well compared against films like superman from 40 years later. anyway, if i'm requested to suspend disbelief in gargantuan guffawing genies, flying horses and carpets i also suspend disbelief in perfect special effects! favourite bits: the dreamy scene in the sunlit garden when ahmad reveals himself and adelaide hall's suitably romantic song; the stunning colours in the tent in the land of legend  in fact, the stunning colours throughout; sabu and rozsa's triumphant but still wistful finale. conrad veidt played the baddie in two of the most incredible movie romances ever, this and casablanca, and then died. john justin and june duprez were great in the leading roles of lovers, both of them slightly and refreshingly stilted, but the parts didn't call for a huge range of emotions: only pure love mattered.there's a couple of mildly violent images in it, but rest assured this is a glorious feelgood experience with a 100% positive message, it's only a pity that nowadays little kids don't watch this instead of the porn they prefer. one of my top 10 film favourites, i can't recommend this too much  may it be shown to the end of time.

the thief of bagdad is a treasure. first and foremost, it is a good story. though my four children's primary exposure to this tale, the most famous of the stories of the arabian nights, comes from the disney corporation, the thief of bagdad held their interest to the end. the story moves along at a good pace and includes a twist or two that reduced predictability. sabu, who plays the young thief, abu, also measures up to any of today's teen actors in appeal, judging from the number of times i heard my oldest daughter say, "he's c-u-t-e!" in 1940, the film won oscars for cinematography and special effects. today, of course, those effects seem very dated ("look, it's barbie flying through the air," declared my daughter at the sight of the genie flying). yet they fit into the story well. the film is, after all, over 60 years old. the effects fit with the script. furthermore, what ones sees in the thief of bagdad remained pretty much state-of-the-art for the next twenty-five years. one need only compare the opening montage from a 1967 star trek episode to see this. in that, it was quite an achievement.this qualifies as a family film, though there are a few stabbings near the end. the acting is so obvious and the wounds so bloodless as to those scenes nearly as artificial as animation.all in all, a fun film worth watching for either an evening of pure entertainment, or for the historical value of the effects. i recommend it.

i grew up with this as my all-time favorite film. the special effects are incredible for the era, and won awards. i can remember the dialogue as if i'd heard it yesterday. it is simply a great, timeless adventure. the music is by miklos rosza, who is cinema history's best. sabu is the thief. conrad veidt is the grand villain. i have a copy within reach, for the next trip down memory lane. whoa there! rex ingram wants out of his genii bottle!

i first discovered alexander korda's (1940) fantasy, the thief of bagdad in the early 1950's on a re-issue billed as "the wonder show of the century!" both korda technicolor films, the thief of bagdad and jungle book were shown on one never to be forgotten program. the music of miklos rozsa enhanced both films. the technicolor in each was incredibly beautiful! the thief of bagdad has remained on my list as the best fantasy film ever made. as the years passed, it became more difficult to enjoy the film's color in the way it had originally been presented in. true technicolor gave way to a eastman color process in the middle 1950's. both kino and samuel goldwyn reissued the film both theatrically and on video. but the eastman color prints were more pastel in nature and muted the vibrancy of the original technicolor. the laser disc release of this title also has the pastel look to it -- nice, but not as it should be. now comes the m-g-m dvd (3 dec 2002) issue. the thief of bagdad again has the wonderful technicolor look to it on a dvd that is nothing short of stunning!!! it was so exciting to see it like this once again that after viewing the dvd once, i watched it a second time. the only "extras" are a spanish dubbed version, sub-titles in both english & spanish, and a beautifully done original theatrical trailer. thank you m-g-m for this exceptional dvd release. now, one can only hope that korda's four feathers and a restored version of korda's jungle book (to replace to poor public domain prints in circulation) will soon follow on dvd.

three flash-backs introduce the main characters (abu, jaffar, and the princess) who will interact with ahmad; three are the songs, each linked to those same characters. three times does ahmad pronounce the absolute word 'time', in his declaration of love to the princess, answering her three questions at their first of three meetings. so strong is the impression he causes, that the princess will resist the three attempts by jaffar to conquer her - by three successive ploys: deceit, hypnosis, and memory erasing. yet, jaffar owns what he describes as the three inescapable instruments of domination over a woman: the whip, the power, and the sword. three is the number of flying entities: the mechanical-horse, the genie, and the the genie and the magic carpet. the genie offers three wishes to abu at their first of three encounters; three times does the genie laugh loud in the mountain gorges, and three are his considerations about human frailty, before he departs. abu overcomes three obstacles in the temple of dawn (armed guards, giant-spider, and giant-octopus). three are the instruments of justice: the magical eye that shows abu the future, the magical carpet that transports him just in time to save ahmad and the princess, and the bow-and-arrow to execute jaffar. there's magic in the number three, and there is magic in this movie.

like the arabian nights this film plays with storytelling conventions in order to make us feel that there's plot, plot and more plot: it opens with what appears to be the frame device of a blind man telling the story of his life, then plunges into a flashback which takes us right up to the blind man's present, where we discover that about half of the story is yet to come. (it must be admitted that the second half doesn't quite live up to the promise of the first.) like the arabian nights it tries to cram as many middle-eastern folk motiffs as possible into the one work. a freed genie, a beautiful princess, a flying carpet, fantastic mechanical toys, sea voyages, a crowded marketplace, a wicked vizier, jewels ... i don't know why it all works, but it does. everything is just so beautiful. the sets are beautiful. june duprez is beautiful. rozsa's score is especially beautiful. as usual, it sounds hungarian; but somehow he manages to convince us that he's being hungarian in a persian way.

"the thief of bagdad" is impressive in the shape of the evil magician jaffar (conrad veidt). he plots with lies and magic spells to obtain the kingdom from its rightful ruler the young king ahmad, and a gorgeous princess from her father...he falls victim in the end, as all tyrants do (in books and legends) to love and of the common man whom he ignored, here embodied by the little thief (sabu).the armies of good and evil, black and white, are superbly realized in both visual and literary terms...the script is poetic, simply and very beautiful... the costumes of the magician and his men rising and falling like the wings of black birds, attacking suddenly in the night to inflict destruction and create terror...the radiant hero wears white turbans and robes, and his princess is dressed in pinks and pale blues...for spectacular scenes it matched all that had gone before, while through its use of color, it brought to life a world such as had not seemed possible before...with flying carpet and flying white horse, with a giant genie (excellently played by rex ingram), with evil wizards, and with the good acting of sabu and veidt, "the thief of bagdad" captures the quality and true atmosphere of the arabian nights... the 1940 version remains the screen's finest fairy tale!

the story of the boy thief of bagdad (as it was once spelled) has attracted filmmakers from raoul walsh in 1924, who starred douglas fairbanks in the first, silent, rendering of "thief of bagdad," to less imposing, more recent attempts. the best, however, remains 1940's version which for its time was a startling, magical panoply of top quality special effects. those effects still work their charm.no less than six directors are listed for the technicolor movie which starred sabu as the boy thief, abu, john justin as the dreamily in love deposed monarch, ahmad and june duprez as the lovely princess sought by ahmad and pursued by the evil vizier, jaffar, played by a sinister conrad veidt. the giant genie is ably acted by rex ingram.ahmad is treacherously deposed by jaffar and when later arrested by that traitorous serpent, he and the boy, abu, suffer what are clearly incapacitating fates. ahmad is rendered blind and abu becomes a lovable mutt. their adventures through the gaily decorated hollywood backlots are fun but the special effects make this film work.two men were responsible for everything from a magic flying carpet to the gargantuan genie who pops out of a bottle with a tornado-like black swirl: lawrence w. butler and tom howard. (howard, incidentally, did the special effects for the 1961 version of this film. both men had long and distinguished careers in technical wizardry.)duprez is outstandingly lovely while little called on for serious acting. justin's ahmad projects a driven but dreamy romanticism untouched by erotic impulses. sabu is really the central actor in many scenes and he's very good. for a movie meant for kids as well as adults there's a fair amount of violence but of the bloodless kind. still, i don't think anyone under eight ought to see "thief of bagdad."this film makes periodic appearances on tv but today my teenage son and i saw it in a theater with quite a few youngsters present. it was great to see computer-besotted kids in an affluent community respond with cheers and applause to special effects that must seem primitive to them."thief of bagdad" is a pre-war hollywood classic from a time when strong production values often resulted in enduringly attractive and important releases. this is one of the best of its kind.9/10.

i love this movie. my friend marcus and i were browsing the local hastings because we had an urge to rent something we had never seen before and stumbled across this fine film. we had no idea what it was going to be about, but it turned out spectacular. 2 thumbs up. i liked how the film was shot, and the actors were very funny. if you are are looking for a funny movie that also makes you think i highly suggest you quickly run to your local video store and find this movie. i would tell you some of my favorite parts but that might ruin the film for you so i won't. this movie is definitely on my top 10 list of good movies. do you really think nothing is bouncy?

make the world go away. get it off my shoulder. say the things you used to say, and make the world go away.well, dave (david hewlett) and andrew (andrew miller) were in a pickle, one for embezzlement, and the other for kissing a child. neither was guilty, but faced with charges and their house about to be torn down, they ended up in, well, nothing. the whole world, except for their house went away.it is kind of weird, but funny, too. just what would you do if you were all alone in the world? the two friends just enjoy each other's company, and do what they want. but, that gets old fast, it seems.then they start to improve their live by hating away memories. the sound effects during this were great.things really got weird at the end. this film was the product of a great imagination, and written and directed by vincenzo natali, with help from the two stars. it just has to be seen.

i totally agree that "nothing" is a fantastic film! i've not laughed so much when watching a film for ages! and david hewlett and andrew miller are fantastic in this! they really work well together! this film may not appeal to some people (i can't really say why without spoiling it!) but each to their own! i loved it and highly recommend it!the directing is great and some of the shots are very clever. it looks as though they may have had a lot of fun when filming it!although there are really only main 2 characters in the film and not an awful lot of props the actors manage to pull it off and make the film enjoyable to watch.

whether it's a good movie or not, films of this kind has to be made, i think. it remembers me of "i love huckabees", a overwhelmingly puzzling movie with isabelle huppert being sodomized by a young american in a mud pond, in a merry sadistic-masochist way (??!!!!). i hope the director will go on stepping across the border, as though i felt the choices vincenzo natali made, were not always subtle (some of the scenes were unhappily kind of "tarte-à-la-crème", like a childish slapstick), speaking about script and cinematography the color of "cube" was black, "nothing" is white, more cheerful, surprisingly, than the former films of natali.

the only word that sums up this movie is quirky. it's a light-hearted romp through an existential concept. bouncy (in more way than one) and a bit nutty. i wouldn't exactly call it grand and unforgettable cinema and it doesn't seem quite as memorable as the director's first movie "cube" but it's a good pit of fluff to watch on a sunday morning. the acting veers from respectable to annoying at times but i believe that's how it was to be written. done as a serious movie it could perhaps have been great or may very well have stepped into a state of pretension. a little like "the matrix" meets "head" meets "human nature".6.8 out of ten

yes...i'm going with the 1-0 on this and here's why. in the last few years, i have watched quite a few comedies and only left with a few mild laughs and a couple video rental late fees because the movies were that easy to forget. then i stumble upon "nothing". looked interesting, wasn't expecting much though. i was wrong. this was probably one of the funniest movies i have ever had the chance to watch. dave and andrew make a great comedic pair and the humor was catchy enough to remember, but not over complex to the point of missing the joke. i don't want to remark on any of the actual scenes, because i do feel this is a movie worth seeing for once. with more and more pointless concepts coming into movies (you know, like killer military jets and "fresh" remakes that are ruining old classics), this movie will make you happy to say it's ok to laugh at "nothing".

this movie was very funny, i couldn't stop smiling when watching this and have already watched it twice in a period of 2 days! the movie is distinctively unique in it's humor and visuals, both are terrific and on par with natali's other (more serious) movie gems cube and cypher. i have become a huge vincenzo natali fan ever since watching cypher and everything he's made is very interesting.very likable about this movie are the music and "loser" characters dave and andrew, portrayed by david hewlett and andrew miller (co-writer of the story), actors i both like very much. also cool are the x-box dead or alive fights (you even see dave playing halo at a point) and andrew's amazing guitar solo, among many other things.all in all a great feel-good film about friendship. you have to see this!

i work at a movie store, and as such, i am always on the look-out for an excellent movie. i decided to check out nothing as it sat in our canadian section, and i've been trying to support my country's movie industry. i was in for a surprise. the film features david hewlett and andrew miller in a highly entertaining story that seems to delve into so much of our minds and relationships...without working that hard. it is consistently comedic through the interaction of the two characters, as well as some funny exchanges ("we can't be dead, we have cable!"). what more can i say without noting that it is worth a shot, even if you abandon it within the first half an hour.

this is a good movie, but it is not recommended if you don't like intelligent movies. it's about two guys that wish that the world would go away,and that's exactly what they get. the acting is great, the ending was not predictable,and it actually had a good story unlike most movies these days. people complain about the movie being too simple or too boring. i think they should just stick to movies like the toxic avenger (i actually like b movies) or the grim adventures of billy and mandy. one note: if you notice this, this has exactly the same actors from cube except four actors. make it two notes: wait after the credits (trust me on this one). enjoy the movie.

i can only agree with taximeter that this is a fantastic film and should be seen by a wide audience. the imagination on display, the visual interpretation of the script, the humor is constantly surprising. the two leads are great and really carry the film. my advice would be to not even watch a trailer, just rent the film and watch without expectations. i rented from blockbuster, so it is readily available in brisbane, not everyone will enjoy it but i think most people will have an opinion and that's always good, unless it's just 'that was stupid'. i loved this film, you just don't get to see gem's like this every day. this should become a cult favorite. give it a try, you may just feel the same way about it as i do.

i thought this was an awesome movie. the theme song is sweet! :) anyway, the only thing that somewhat bothered me was in the beginning, when everything should have been normal. it was very weird and unrealistic. the big cable company is mainly what i'm talking about. apart from that, the movie was very creative. i think that all the acting was well done, the actors acted out their characters' personalities perfectly. everything fit together well. it really is a shame that their isn't a soundtrack. that would have been great! because this is a canadian film, and because it is one of my favorites, i give this movie a 10 out of 10!

tweaked a little bit, 'nothing' could be a children's film. it's a very clever concept, touches upon some interesting metaphysical themes, and goes against pretty much every hollywood convention you can think of...what goes against everything more than, literally, "nothing"? nothing is the story of two friends who wish the world away when everything goes wrong with their lives. all that's left is what they don't hate, and a big empty white space. it's hard to focus a story on just two actors for the majority of your film, especially without any cuts to anything going on outside the plot. it focuses on pretty much one subject, but that's prime vincenzo natali territory. if you've seen 'cube', you know already that he tends to like that type of situation. the "nothing" in this movie is apparently infinite space, but natali somehow manages to make it somewhat claustrophobic, if only because there's literally nothing else, and nowhere else to go. the actors sell it, although you can tell these guys are friends anyway. two actors from 'cube' return here (worth and kazan), but are entirely different characters. they change throughout the story, and while they're not the strongest actors in the world, they're at least believable.the reason i say this could be a children's film under the right tweaks, is because aside from a few f-bombs and a somewhat unnecessary bloody dream sequence, the whimsical and often silly feel of this movie could very much be digested easily by kids. so i find it an odd choice that the writers decided to add some crass language and a small amount of gore, especially considering there isn't very much of it. this could've gotten a pg rating easily had they simply cut a few things out and changed a little dialogue. there is very little objectionable about this film, but just enough to keep parents from wanting their kids to see it. i only say that's a shame because not because i support censorship, but because that may have been the only thing preventing this movie from having wider exposure.at any rate, this is a reasonably entertaining film, albeit with a few dragged-out scenes. but for literally being about nothing, and focused entirely on two characters and their interactions with absolutely nothing, they do a surprisingly good job for an independent film.

a light-hearted comedy, nothing shows us a world that we sometimes wish to escape to: a world of nothing. anything you don't like, be it a stack of bills, a bad memory, or even hunger can disappear at your wish. they approached this movie very well, and with an enjoyable starring duo, there were only a few things i didn't like about nothing, and they weren't even part of the main movie.first, the post-credits scene (and yes, there is one): good for a chuckle, but what were they trying to accomplish with that? i was confused and eager to see a return to something after a whole movie of nothing. instead, we just hear a random assortment of noises and they scream. it tries to set up a sequel in my opinion, and wasn't really necessary, nor was it funny after the turtle crawled out of frame.second, the trailer: i saw the trailer on the dvd, and like others have already said this, it promotes a horror movie that never came. oh well, poor marketing i guess.if you see this at your movie rental store, take a look, because nothing is a great movie to watch. if you have a big screen though, you might want to wear shades.

well, "cube" (1997), vincenzo's first movie, was one of the most interesting and tricky ideas that i've ever seen when talking about movies. they had just one scenery, a bunch of actors and a plot. so, what made it so special were all the effective direction, great dialogs and a bizarre condition that characters had to deal like rats in a labyrinth. his second movie, "cypher" (2002), was all about its story, but it wasn't so good as "cube" but here are the characters being tested like rats again."nothing" is something very interesting and gets vincenzo coming back to his 'cube days', locking the characters once again in a very different space with no time once more playing with the characters like playing with rats in an experience room. but instead of a thriller sci-fi (even some of the promotional teasers and trailers erroneous seemed like that), "nothing" is a loose and light comedy that for sure can be called a modern satire about our society and also about the intolerant world we're living. once again vicenzo amaze us with a great idea into a so small kind of thing. 2 actors and a blinding white scenario, that's all you got most part of time and you don't need more than that. while "cube" is a claustrophobic experience and "cypher" confusing, "nothing" is completely the opposite but at the same time also desperate.this movie proves once again that a smart idea means much more than just a millionaire budget. of course that the movie fails sometimes, but its prime idea means a lot and offsets any flaws. there's nothing more to be said about this movie because everything is a brilliant surprise and a totally different experience that i had in movies since "cube".

having seen cube, i've been a fan of vincenzo natali's work. natali seems to have this inept ability to take a storyline, and hardly wring it our like a wet towel for all the storyline he can muster. instead, he lets the stories themselves unfold in natural ways, so much in fact, that you may in fact believe there is this cube were people try to escape, or in the case of nothing, a large empty expanse where there is... nothing! the advert had me hooked instantly. it seemed so simple! take two characters who no one likes, and send them to a world where there is nothing. natali does this so simply that you forget the logic that a place where there is nothing cannot exist. in fact, the world of nothing becomes something of an irony within the film. there's nothing there, but also 'something' there.it might be a good time to point out that the trailer is highly misleading. i was fortunate enough to actually understand that the film leaned to a more comedic side than the trailer otherwise told so. therefore upon watching the film, i laughed every now and again, whereas someone who the advert mislead may find themselves utterly confused.if i may take a minute to give the film some praise, where the film excels on is the concept. it is a genius concept to have a world of nothing, and to put two characters there, not two brilliant minded characters, who will philosophise and work out their surroundings, but two idiots who have absolutely no clue as to where the hell they are! another strong point is the film's cinematography, though at first this may not seem it! where each wall, north, earth, south, west, up and down is just a white plane, a perception of depth becomes faulty. it is hard to determine where things are placed in the mis-en-scene. the cinematography has many moments where this actually happens, but for the most part, the camera is placed so that two characters, or an object and a character are placed in the foreground and background, allowing a sense of depth to be realised.however, this film does lack in certain areas. the film is relatively short, but even so, after a while the novelty of this world of nothing becomes rather dull, and you wish to find some form of resolution within the plot. we can also argue that the acting is once again, questionable. these two characters are in a sense, unlikeable, therefore we feel no sympathy at any point for these characters. however, on a flip side of that, the chemistry and friendship between the two characters seems real enough, but there is something lacking.even so, i do rank this as a thoroughly enjoyable film! do not let the trailer fool you into thinking this is another science-fiction horror film. it is much more of a comedy than that! it is indeed worth watching though, purely for the concept itself!

i chanced upon this movie because i had a free non-new release from blockbuster and needed to grab something quickly, as the store was getting ready to close for the evening. the plain white cover and title intrigued me. i'm a (relatively speaking) "old" lady and my son is a young man of 30. i adore movies that are sheer entertainment, such as the sixth sense, interview with a vampire, harry potter and beetlejuice. my son, on the other hand, is a film graduate and enjoys very specialized foreign films, such as those directed by bergman or hertzog. we generally hate each other's movie choices, however, we both watched and loved the movie nothing! it was unlike any movie we'd ever seen before. we're both cynical/critical personality types and we usually crack on movies while we watch them -- but in this case we just laughed and enjoyed the film from start to finish. it is our opinion that if this movie had been promoted and shown in the main stream theaters in the u.s. it would have done very well indeed.

i watched the trailer on the dvd after seeing the film, and i think anyone who saw it before watching the film would be very surprised and possibly disappointed. it made much of the fact that the film was "by the director of cube" and made it look like a horror film, when in fact it is an absurdist comedy (imdb's spell checker doesn't seem to think that absurdist is a word, but it is), reminiscent of rosencrantz and guildernstern are dead.i love the way the story builds up slowly at first, then gradually escalates. i also enjoy the fact that no explanation is given for what happens in the film. that and the fact that the story plays out mainly in just the one set are the only respects in which this film is similar to cube. i recommend it.

director vincenzo natali first showed his penchant for character-based sci-fi flicks with his 1997 short film "elevated", wherein 3 people remain trapped in an elevator while unseen monsters roam the building. his follow-up feature project "cube", released later that year, had a very similar premise, this time with 6 people and instead of an elevator it was a vast expansion of interlocking cubic deathtraps. both were admirable attempts to take the sci-fi genre a step further, by deliberately declining to show almost any visual stimulation, choosing instead to spend as much time as possible focusing on the human element, how the characters act, react and interact under incomprehensible and dangerous conditions. after his exploration into the mainstream with 2002's "cypher", natali has come back to his bizarre character-film trend to bring us "nothing", his latest, and by far most optimistic and comedic take on the wide cinematic world of "what if?"dave (david hewlett) and andrew (andrew miller) are life-long friends, brought together by a mutual detachment from society and a lack of any one else to be with. dave, who has always been hindered by a selfish and somewhat dimwitted nature, lives rent-free with andrew at his ill-located and ill-constructed house, where he often takes advantage of andrew's neurotic and antisocial mentality. despite all this, the two misfits are happy together, until one day their deep character flaws, coupled with some astronomically bad luck, land them in the middle of some pretty serious, jail-sentence-worthy trouble. on top of this, they discover that their house has been deemed unfit for existence and is scheduled to be demolished before sunset, so in the hazy, nightmarish panic of everything going wrong for them, they wish that the whole world would just disappear. and it does.going any further with the synopsis would compromise a lot of the film's slow (occasionally too slow) reveal about what's happened to dave and andrew, and how they deal with their new reality. natali's fascination with studying human behavior under duress (ala the birds) is here in spades, but simply by making the main characters friends rather than strangers, he's able to break away from the thriller-horror element of this premise to open it up to a more comfortable and optimistic level. it's almost as if he's made the aphoristic opposite of "cube".of course, the film is not 85 minutes of laughter and sunshine. in keeping with fundamental realism, our two anti-heroes' dynamic often becomes antagonistic, sometimes with rather nasty results. like the "desert island" game, the film looks at how even best friends, when left alone together, can fall apart, but at the same time it shows that friends are vital to the quality of existence. in a very twisted, sci-fi way, this is a feel-good flick, with good heart and good intentions.however, there are a few qualms to be had with "nothing". while the two lead actors, hewlett and miller, do well with their parts, their characters are not nearly as interesting as they should have been, considering it is completely up to them to entertain us for the better part of an hour. there is some development in the relationship and personalities of dave and andrew, some background is given, but ultimately not enough. a generous viewer will sit through the less-engaging portions of the film to see it through to the end, but cynics will probably give up pretty fast.acting, as mentioned, is adequate, and considering the amount of 'green-screen' work that would've been needed, reasonably convincing. david hewlett and andrew miller, who both wrote co-wrote the screenplay, have been long-time friends of vincenzo natali: hewlett has in fact featured in every film natali has made. perhaps it was their creative input that steered this film in a more positive direction. nonetheless, the story could have been a lot more involving. granted, it is relatively entertaining considering that (no pun intended) nothing really happens, but you get the impression that, in more experienced hands, a lot more could've been done with this premise.in all fairness, "nothing" is an impressive piece of work in many ways. the concept is interesting, the direction is inventive, the script works on a human level and, most of all, it shows a progression in natali's creative mentality. for fans of his work, this will be a delight, and for others it will be a nice way to pass a little unwanted time. it's just a shame that the director's fixation on human drama prevented it from being the great, fun film it could have been.

i just saw this at the toronto film festival, and i hope it gets wide release because i want to see it again! it is a character-driven film, and andrew and david are more than up to the task. any discussion of the plot might beconsidered spoilers, so i'll just say that the storyline is clever, the acting is superb, and the effects are amazing. well-filmed and well-paced too. one of the best films i have seen in ages, and very refreshing in this summer of drearymovies. it had the audience laughing the whole time. see it if you can. (i particularly liked the "candy bar! candy bar!" scene.)

i watched this as part of my course at aberystwyth university and it baffles me how this does not have a distributor in the uk. well actually, it doesn't, because this film is everything a hollywood film isn't - original, creative, quirky and humorous. it seems that today no-one really wants to see this type of movie as, in the simplest terms, it doesn't conform to the generic conventions most young viewers look for in a film.i haven't written a review for the imdb for ages but felt inclined to give this film a special mention, even if it is during my 30 minute break between classes! essentially, it is about nothing, as the two main characters are plunged into their own world of nothingness through a hate of the world. the brilliance here is how the director sustains interest through the majority of the run time with only two characters and when the only mise-en-scene consists of half a house and a vast white, empty space. this is due in large part to the stellar performances of the actors, both of whom offer some great laughs while at the same time being able to add significant emotional depth to their roles.i'd love to write some more but am on quite a time limit. however i encourage anyone and everyone to give this film a try. a very unique concept is brought to the screen in a coherent and well-executed fashion, with the combination of good performances, a strong script, nice sound design and (fairly) impressive visuals creating a very entertaining movie.it's just a shame so few people know about nothing....

sitting, typing nothing is the latest "what if?" fest offered by vincenzio natali, and starring david hewlitt and andrew miller as two losers. one is having relationship problems, got canned from his job (because of relationship problems) and the police are out to get him (because of his job and his relationship problems). the other guy is a agoraphobic who refuses to go outside his home, is met by a bothersome girl guide who calls on her mom to claim she was molested when he doesn't buy cookies from him. oh yeah, the police are after him too, after the mom of the girl scout call them in to arrest him.man, what a day.what if you could make all of this disappear? that is the whole premise behind 'nothing'. the two fools realize, the cops, the girl scout, the cars, the lawn, the road, everything disappear. there's nothing but white space! this is an interesting concept i thought. i also looked at the time of this, 30 minutes had gone in the movie, and i still had an hour left in the movie. could the 2 actors make this work and keep us entertained for 60 minutes? although the actors try, 60 minutes is a long time and there is clearly dead air in places of this movie. but the two actors, whom are life-long friends with each other and the director, have such great repertoire with each other, that it was fun to watch for the dialogue and improve goofing around the two do. there are lots of supernatural elements, but it's more of their response to these elements that ultimately make this film worth seeing.

nothing is fantastic! simple as that! it's a film that shouldn't work, yet does. natali stays in the realm of sci-fi, however this film is also a comedy. cypher it seemed was a big budget draining affair for natali (at $7.5million! woo-hoo pa!) so with nothing he scales down again. this is low budget, independent film-making at it's best. simple, good old fashioned storytelling and an attempt at making a film for artistic merit as apposed to hollywood's usual reasons for mostly financial gain. nothing is a film about nothing and before you ask, no it is not anything like seinfeld! basically andrew and dave are a couple of losers. they live in a strange looking house beneath two freeways. andrew is a telesales travel agent who is agoraphobic while dave is andrews best mate who stays with him rent free to help him out. dave is tired of it however and has a gorgeous girlfriend who he wants to move in with. by bizarre mis-fortunes however, dave finds out his girlfriend embezzled a huge amount of money from daves work-place incriminating dave, and andrew is wrongly accused of sexually assaulting a girl scout (canadian humour people!). as it turns out andrew's house is to be demolished as well and he can't stop it happening as the house was built on land it should not have been built on. both andrew and dave are inside the house when the police and the demolition team come calling. they are desperate and can't escape, and in the panic and confusion just as the police burst in everything fades to white. what has happened? have dave and andrew died? they wake to find themselves still in the house only it is quiet. no police, no demolition team, no angry girl scout mother! what happens is dave and andy discover they have the ability to "wish or hate away." as it turns out they have hated away the entire outside world. they are left alone. the house is surrounded by nothing, which is portrayed as pure white. so what this means is that the films setting is a house set and then just white. the film is an interesting view on human isolation and the psyche and of course as they spend more time alone together with no food and no water, they begin to tire of each other. they discover they can hate away hunger, which is useful but obviously things get out of hand shall we say. i can't reveal much but i must say bouncing heads are quite a sight to behold.this film is quirky, funny, interesting. the effects are simple yet effective and natali brings together two buddies from cube, david hewlett, and andrew millar to lead the film. they have chemistry and also work very well. they have to hold 90% of the movie by themselves and much of it in a pure white background, yet it works. certainly i expect this to get the same diabolical treatment as cypher did and it should appear on dvd in a year or two in the states. nothing is a top quality and unique film and although not as good as cube or cypher it once again proves natali as one of the best up and comers.natali is someone who has really interested me in his three features so far and i cannot wait for his next feature. i prey to god he doesn't do the proposed necropolis, written and directed by add sufferer, the ever crap paul anderson. vincenzo old buddy if paul comes round to your pad, run!!! run like the wind!! i hope and prey this guy doesn't take to hollywood like alex proyas did (with the enjoyable yet pussy-footed, sugar coated, helium light: i robot!). keep your eyes peeled for this guy. ****

... than this ;-) what would happen if terry gilliam and douglas adams would have worked together on one movie? this movie starts with a touch of brazil... when, at a certain point, the story moves straight into the twilight zone... bringing up nothing new, but just nothing... and nothing is great fun! when dave and andrew starts to explore their new environment the movie gets really enjoyable... bouncing heads? well... yes ;-) anyway... this movie was, imho, the biggest surprise at this year's fantasyfilmfest...just like in cube and cypher natali gave this one a minimalistic, weird but very special design, which makes it hard to locate the place of the story or its time... timeless somehow...

nothing (3+ outta 5 stars) another weird premise from the director of the movie "cube". this time around there are two main characters who find themselves and their home transported to a mysterious white void. there is literally nothing outside of their small two-story house. intriguing to be sure, but i thought the comedic tone established for this movie from the get-go was extremely ill-conceived. there needs to be some humour, certainly... and i have no problem with the humour that was eventually derived from the plight of our two heroes (their final "showdown" was definitely a hoot)... but i really think the movie would have been a lot better off if it had stayed more rooted in reality in the beginning. after watching the movie i watched the "making of" feature on the dvd and a short trailer at the end is almost totally devoid of the "sillier" comedic aspects... making it look like a completely different (and slightly better) movie. the last half hour of the movie is where things really start to come together... similar in a way to the recent movie "primer." the actors are fine when they are not overdoing the comedy shtick. they are really quite believable in their more "normal" moments. i was probably ready to write this movie off as a failed experiment at the midway point... but it won me over by the end. (and keep watching past the credits for the final scene... just don't ask me to explain it.)

the premise of this movie has been tickling my imagination for quite some time now. we've all heard or read about it in some kind of con-text. what would you do if you were all alone in the world? what would you do if the entire world suddenly disappeared in front of your eyes? in fact, the last part is actually what happens to dave and andrew, two room-mates living in a run-down house in the middle of a freeway system. andrew is a nervous wreck to say the least and dave is considered being one of the biggest losers of society. that alone is the main reason to why these two guys get so well along, because they simply only have each other to turn to when comforting is needed. just until...straight from the beginning of the film lots and lots of problems happen to them. both of them get involved with crime, andrew suffers from paranoia and simply doesn't dare going out of the house. dave is unsuccessful at his job and his colleagues don't treat him very well and with the respect he deserves. the amount of problems they face keeps increasing until that one day where they may have to face the inevitable and deal with it. this is just too much for them and they wish that everything would just go away... and of course that is exactly what happens.the rest of the story places dave and andrew in this world of nothingness. at first they are surprised and have problems understanding and dealing with the features of this crazy environment, but later on they find out that they can do just about everything they want because it seems as if they are the only ones still left.nothing features an incredibly small cast - in fact, besides the first couple of shots from the film, we only see dave (david hewlett) and andrew (andrew miller) in the entire film. it is clear that in order to pull this off, the cast has to be more than up for the task, because in a world where nothing exists there is nothing that can distract the viewer in any way. vincenzo has decided to use a reasonable amount of close-up head shots to make it more interesting and it actually works quite well. director of photography, derek rogers, also has a nice way of teasing the audience by withholding visual information, especially at times where a character sees something and reacts to it, but we don't see it right away.obviously, this can't be an event driven film and it's not. much of the action happens outside their house when they move around in the void. and that's where some of the most hilarious scenes take place, especially in the case of when andrew discovers a candy bar.now, one could be thinking: "how does nothing look like?" well, it looks like nothing indeed. the entire world of nothing is white... white no matter in what direction you look. this is the weakness of this film... after an hour or less it's getting extremely boring to look at and there has to be events to make sure it's more interesting to look at. thank god, there are some. for example at times when the two lads, due to the properties of nothing, are able to jump really high as if nothing is made out of... tofu (as andrew claims). it's fun to see how they are instantly able to use nothing to become gods of their own little society.one of the best parts of the film is the set... production designer jasna stefanovic has done a beautiful job in this film, the house in which these two guys live is so unnaturally fun to look at, still it seems right for these two to be living in a place like this. all in all, the production design is with no doubt one of the most powerful aspects of this film at it really makes the film worth watching...however, the very best part of the film is the acting. both david hewlett and andrew miller really look like the professional actors they both are. the camera is on them for every second of the film and as previously said, there are just about no props in the film, they are really on a bare stage. with plenty of character development and some decent one-liners, clever dialogue (at times hilariously stupid), it all works to that end - and this really moves the movie away from the low-budget area to well-crafted handwork.let's talk a little about the visual effects, because they are definitely worth mentioning. nothing features digital visual effects and prosthetics that equals any modern horror film. there's a rather horrifying dream sequence in the film, and although the drews have milked that scene completely it's still fun to watch. one of the best visual effects in the film is at the end where andrew and dave suddenly discover their powers in this environment - they have the abilities to wish everything away, so what if they can do it the other way around and make things appear?"nothing" is a bright and well-lit movie, it really helps promoting the idea of them probably being dead (this is in fact one of their theories), but "nothing" is a comedy and it slowly destroys its own theory. we don't know where they are or what has happened to them. we don't know if they will ever get out, because the movie ends before we see anything like that. the ending, by the way, is not as good as it could've been. it's rather easy to predict what is going to happen, still the writers have thought up a few incidents that help make it a little more interesting and in the end, it's a reasonably satisfactory one.take "hollow man", "kill bill", "cube", "epoch" and lots of other films and you have "nothing". it really is an amalgam of different styles, still there is no other film (at least that i know of) nothing is really like. for the people remembering the original cube production commentary on its dvd may remember that vincenzo natali talked about how he came up with the story of cube. he talks about him and andré bijelic having been room-mates at a time and they both were in this extremely dull room with no hope of getting out, "nothing" could very well be the screened version of the origin of the cube story, and to that end, it's almost like one of the cube prequels.what can i say? i enjoyed "nothing", it is a great movie and the different parts of the movie are extremely well-made with tons of intelligent ideas, still i feel the movie is missing something and i have problems finding out precisely what it is... maybe if we have a "nothing 2" i can answer that question. "nothing" is a great film, but not as good as i expected it to be.final rating: 7.5 / 10

i wasn't sure what to expect but am i glad i went to see this. a smart, slightly twisted comedy that makes you think. i wasn't quite sure how a director can create "nothing", but leave it to mr. natali and the brilliant individuals at c.o.r.e. to create another low budget set that looks real (as real as nothing can be). well worth your time and money, if you have the opportunity to see this, please go. you'll be glad you did.

just saw this at the 2003 vancouver international film festival and it was funny as hell and a bit surreal. takes place in toronto, where these two losers live in this run-down house in the middle of a freeway system. david hewlett (pin, cube, cypher) and andrew miller (cube) are just great as the two losers who wish the world would just go away. the acting, dialogue and writing are very good, and the whole film looks great for such a low-budget flick. director/writer vincenzo natali was in attendance at this screening, and he seemed so intelligent and down-to-earth. this guy is so inventive with these great stories that work so well within small budgets, it puts big budget hollywood crap to shame!

charlie kauffman has made weird metaphysical angst popular, but this canadian gem makes it hilarious. like most weird films the less said about plot the better but let's set the scene, two friends anthony and dave have been together since childhood, they can't cope with the world and eventually this means they no longer have to. but that is where even more problems begin.i loved this film, it made me smile long after the final credits and that is a rare experience with so many mass produced pieces of "nothing" out there.don't miss this.

i haven't written a review on imdb for the longest time, however, i felt myself compelled to write this! when looking up this movie i found one particular review which urged people not to see this film. do not pay any attention to this ignorant person! nothing is a fantastic film, full of laughs and above all... imagination! aren't you sick and tired of being force fed the same old cycle of bubble-gum trash movies? sometimes a film like nothing comes along and gives you something you have never seen before. i don't even care if you dislike (even hate) the movie, but no one has a right to discredit the film. imdb has a monumental impact on reputations and no negative review should discredit the film like that. just say you hate it and why you hate it... but don't try to tell people that they shouldn't watch it. we have minds of our own and will make up our own minds thank you.if my judgment is any good, i'd say that more people will enjoy this movie as opposed to those who hate it.treat your mind to a bit of eye-candy! see nothing!

i can't understand what it is that fans of the genre didn't like about this film. it was truly a lot of fun. the special effects were wonderful. i generally agree with reviews and with imdb voters, but not this time. i waited until it came to home video which i felt was another reason that i wouldn't enjoy the film. i believe special effects films need to be seen on the big screen, but again this was not the case. to me the film begs comparison to two films that were released around the same time. blair witch and the mummy. both films that i thought were terrible. blair was probably the most overrated horror film of all time. the mummy made gobs of money and it was pure dreck. people liked it for it's special effects. films like the mummy and the haunting are not rich in character development, they are more like funhouse rides. well with that analogy the mummy was a b ticket to the haunting's e-ticket.

what can i say that hasn't been said about "the haunting"? it has everything that would make a great picture. wonderful sets, moody music, and sound design to die for were all in place. the screenplay, though, sometimes boggles the mind in such a weird, surrealistic way. the entire team must have forgotten to read it through, maybe because they were too busy creating cg effects and building gothic sets to notice how weak the plot was. each member of the cast gives a worthy performance, although with little conviction to the material at hand. lili taylor has the most to do while the others mostly react to her. but that's about it. all i can say is that it was a slightly enjoyable two hours, but you will definitely want more. a lot more.

what can i say about it?it's another hollywood's horror flick with very high budget(80 million dollars).not scary at all,it offers us only a few thrills and one really creepy sequence with skeleton in the fireplace.a lot of computer generated special effects and nothing more.catherine zeta-jones is beautiful as always,lili taylor is also a good actress.the architecture of the hill house is amazing,all these monuments,statues,furniture...delicious!however i don't like the ending because it was so luscious.check this one out and form your own opinion on it.i give this picture 7 out of 10.

i rented this movie this past weekend, cranked up the surround sound system, and got some great sound from special affects. this movie is a great movie rental, the special affects where enough to scare my fiance, but i noticed some looked suprisingly computer generated. i didn't go to the movies and see this, but its a scary late night don't feel like going out movie. i would recommend it!

some films just simply should not be remade. this is one of them. in and of itself it is not a bad film. but it fails to capture the flavor and the terror of the 1963 film of the same title. liam neeson was excellent as he always is, and most of the cast holds up, with the exception of owen wilson, who just did not bring the right feel to the character of luke. but the major fault with this version is that it strayed too far from the shirley jackson story in it's attempts to be grandiose and lost some of the thrill of the earlier film in a trade off for snazzier special effects. again i will say that in and of itself it is not a bad film. but you will enjoy the friction of terror in the older version much more.

i don't know why the critics trashed this movie. i hardly ever agree with them anyway.the movie could have been a little scarier - i don't usually go to horror movies! i even had to psych myself up to see it in the daytime. i needn't have bothered! ;) (the cinema was full of kids too, heh! ;) ... liam was great as always. i also liked catharine zeta jones (theo) and lili taylor (eleanor-nell)the house was very gothic and beautiful in a spooky way. the special and sound effects were awesome. i also loved the music score, particularly the gentle tunes for eleanor and her journey to save the children, how she grew out of her stagnant routine and life and finally gain her power, peace and freedom.

i know it is fashionable now to hate this movie. i have seen hundreds of spook films including he original 1963 haunting as well as most of the hammer films. this film is not restrained and does not hold back at all which is probably why so many modern viewers seemed not to like it. yet many viewers can accept out of control films like scream because knife killers are more easy to believe for most people than demons or ghosts. actually this film had many great scenes and the acting and special effects were great. i have seen it 15 times now and it gets better every time. the director of this film has made a number of interesting and stylish films and was not trying for the type of realism of the 6th sense. the haunting lets go and is certainly not boring. perhaps this film might appeal more to john carpenter fans but more of an traditional plot structure. the old haunting was also a fine film from 1963. it was even more scary. see both and also the innocents and the legend of hell house with pamela franklin.

the haunting is a film that boasts a really creepy house, good effects work and sound work, a cast that seems to believe that everything around them is real and that house. there are scenes that make you jump, and the sinister aspects of what went on at hill house in the past, i found interesting. there are genuinely creepy moments in the film and i liked the way the ghosts manifested themselves in sheets, curtains and the house itself. jerry goldsmith's score gave it the right atmosphere and the sound design had voices popping up around you. what i wish could've happened is for something a little more intense. jan de bont had a pg-13 rating to contend with and i think that he held back a little too much. poltergeist scared me silly when i saw it many years ago, and it still holds up. the haunting could've used a few more scenes of pure terror. the ending was for me, a little anticlimactic. overall, i enjoyed it. the acting is good and there are moments that make you jump. i just wish it scared me more.

japanese tomo akiyama's keko mask (1993) is extremely enjoyable trash film and so fun to watch! there are also some sequels, but i haven't seen them since these films are hyper rare. some kind of re-releases some day would be nice since i think many trash lovers would like these films. the tongue in cheek story is about one extremely strict school in which teachers think that it is okay to torture students in order to attain discipline, which is, according to the teachers, the most important thing in education. the school is lead by incredibly funny looking (just look at the costume!) human wizard/whatever, who is like principal in the school, and it only adds to the campiness that it is never explained why he wears such a costume since all other teachers are perfectly normally clothed. well, the main thing about the film is its name, keko mask, who is some beautiful and masked fairy, who comes always to save the girls and students who are abused and tortured by the teachers! yes, this superheroine is one effective female as she kicks and fights the evil teachers with totally cheesy soundtrack playing on the background. the most important thing is, of course, that she wears nothing but a cape and a mask with the rest of her body naked! her identity is never revealed in these films, and also the credits say "keko mask: unknown" while the actor names are listed!the most hilarious thing in this film is how keko mask kills her enemies. she has a gorgeous, but lethal vagina! yes, you read right. she kills her victims by flying in the air in front of them, spreading her legs and letting the enemies become numbly charmed of the view, after which she flies closer and snaps their necks with her legs! the most usual last line the characters say in this film are like: "i've never seen such a beautiful vagina" and "now i can die in peace." this film is totally fantastic!!there are also some great taunts towards japanese society for example its attitude towards sex in films (japanese censors optically fog/blur all the pubic hair in any film) and also about some restrictions among school students (like girls and boys are not allowed to talk in this film etc.) there's one great scene in which one nerd sees girl's bare you-know-what for the first time, and says "hey there's no fog in it!" i couldn't help but laugh during this scene as i thought what do the japanese censors think about this. also, one character says in the end that he will return, if japan films allows to make the sequel. i'm glad it allowed as i've heard the sequels are equally outrageous. one sequel should include blues brothers (yes, those blues brothers!) in it etc.this is trash in its most enjoyable, funniest and also cleverest form and so it is a little shame these films are so hard to find. this would definitely be even greater experience, if it was little more fast moving at times as it becomes little boring at one point, but fortunately those segments are very few. this film has to be seen to be fully believed as there are so many trash elements i don't mention here and it wouldn't be even necessary to tell them all here. if you like trash cinema and films made with tongue in very cheek, i think you'll love this little gem as i do, and the director is definitely a genius in this field! 8/10 perhaps the only film in which a shining vagina is this lethal?

eric valette is obviously a talented film-maker, and so are the two guys who wrote the script. therefore maléfique is a great flick, made with just a few bucks but also tons of imagination. well, i'm a bit exaggerating, but nevertheless i'm sincere. so, if you like dark, gory movies, go and see this one. it's really worth it.

four prisoners share a single cell: the domineering transvestite, marcus (clovis cornillac); marcus's idiot savant buddy, paquerette (dimitri rataud), who will eat anything in sight including pocket watches, cockroaches, and his little sister; lassalle (philippe laudenbach), the intelligent librarian who murdered his wife; and carrère (gérald laroche), the new guy who was caught up in corporate fraud and is now focused on escaping. after a brick falls from the wall of the cell, the men discover the hidden journal written by a 'fountain of youth'-obsessed serial killer who occupied the cell in the 1920s. is this journal the secret to their escape? or is there something much more sinister behind it?i was a little weary about getting into this film because the only other experience i have with eric valette was the dreadful one missed call (2008), which i consider to be the worst theatrically released film i've ever seen. however, much of what was wrong with one missed call could probably be attributed to klavan's awful script, because (as i remember) valette's direction wasn't the worst part about the film (unless he chose to include the baby). anyway, maléfique was a good way to get my respect back. . . it's a french film (obviously something i like) and it takes place in prison (which is my second favourite horror setting after asylums). so that's two points for him before the film even starts. luckily, valette had me once the film ended as well. maléfique is a rather deep, rather complex, rather compelling story of obsession and desperation. . . the desire and need to bring fantasies to reality. while it's not a terrifying film in the traditional sense, the oddity of its power makes it pretty damn frightening. the period between the climax and conclusion was some of the best film i've seen in quite some time and i would wholeheartedly recommend this to anyone who is looking for a decent psychological thriller with some pretty cool gore.final verdict: 8.5/10. quite a bit of respect earned back by valette.note: paramount picked up the rights to make an american remake (surprise surprise). it's due out in 2009. i'm not sure why, to be honest, as this doesn't seem like something that would be a big moneymaker here in the states. but, i've been surprised before.vive la france! -ap3-

a prison cell.four prisoners-carrere,a young company director accused of fraud,35 year old transsexual in the process of his transformation, daisy,a 20 year-old mentally challenged idiot savant and lassalle,a 60 year-old intellectual who murdered his wife.behind a stone slab in the cell,mysteriously pulled loose,they discovered a book:the diary of a former prisoner,danvers,who occupied the cell at the beginning of the century.the diary contains magic formulas that supposedly enable prisoners to escape."malefique" is one of the creepiest and most intelligent horror films i have seen this year.the film has a grimy,shadowy feel influenced by the works of h.p. lovecraft,which makes for a very creepy and unsettling atmosphere.there is a fair amount of gore involved with some imaginative and brutal death scenes and the characters of four prisoners are surprisingly well-developed.it's a shame that eric valette made truly horrible remake of "one missed call" after his stunning debut.9 out of 10.

now, i know french inmates are unlikely to have read lovecraft (and that proves my point that his writings should be taught in school, maybe as a separate subject), but how did they think something that sounds like "ftagn yog sototh" could possibly lead to any good?the movie takes place in a prison where four very unlikely cell mates stumble upon a magical book that may, if read right, get them out. as prisons go, the cell was totally unrealistic, so that made it hard for me to get into the atmosphere of things. it also moves rather slowly, which may bore people. but other than that, this is top notch horror feeling, mixing sartre's "hell is other people" with a lovecraft/barker type of story, and doing rather successfully.bottom line: take the time to watch this. that means not doing it when you are about to go to work or to sleep or while doing something else. this is a movie that works best if you are immersed into it. lessons to be learned: yog is bad, almost as bad as french women.

i was hooked from beginning to end. great horror comes from disturbing imagery and organic shocks that are created not to make you jump, but to make you go "what the f*ck did i just see?" all the other commentators gave short summaries of what the film is about, so i won't rehash what has already been said. i was telling other people about this movie days after i had seen it just because it still haunted me. i even had a bad dream after seeing it, and i am a true horror fan, not easily spooked by tripe like "the grudge" or even "silent hill". what gave me the bad dreams was the unease i felt about what i would do if i were in that cell with those guys. what would my personal horror be? my subconscious took me there, and it was not pleasant. that my friends is what a good horror flick does to you! the best part of this movie is that it is subtle. it's not about bogeymen that jump out at you,alien invasions, or tons of gore. it's the opposite. the horror you create in your own mind. the irony for the four characters is that the horror comes not from an external force that asserts it's power over them. simply, the men ask for the one thing they desire, and they get it...but not in the way they imagined. so on the one hand, they get what they wish for from an occult book, but may ultimately wish they hadn't. sometimes being locked in a jail cell is the best place to be!

now this is what i'd call a good horror. with occult/supernatural undertones, this nice low-budget french movie caught my attention from the very first scene. this proves you don't need wild fx or lots of gore to make an effective horror movie.the plot revolves around 4 cellmates in a prison, and each of these characters (and their motives) become gradually more interesting, as the movie builds up tension to the finale. most of the action we see through the eyes of carrere, who has just entered prison and has to get used to living with these 3 other inmates.i won't say much because this movie really deserves to be more widely seen. there a few flaws though: the fx are not that good, but they're used effectively; the plot leaves some mysteries open; and things get very confusing towards the end, but malefique redeems itself by the time it's over.i thought his was a very good movie, 8/10

watched this french horror film last night and pretty much liked it. the whole movie takes place in a prison cell with basically three prisoners who find a hand written journal in a wall from a serial killer that had escaped the prison 20 years earlier, somehow without leaving his cell. as they look through the diary, they discover it delves into the black arts and commands that might be their way out of the cell and to freedom. what they find out, is something completely different, and horrifying to say the least. i like low-budget horror films, that deliver the goods in a fairly quality way, and tell a good story. this movie does just that, despite taking a while to get going. the result and the horror they unleash is very interesting to me, and i enjoyed the ride. not a lot of gore, but that wouldn't fit the story, although the gore it has is pretty good.

this film centers on four criminals, locked away in a prison who desire escape from their cell, hoping that a mysterious book of black magic, penned by a former inmate around 1920, named danvers who wanted to use spells to keep his skin young.carrère's(gérald laroche)criminal business tactics(shortcuts)have landed him in prison with three oddball cell-mates..a transsexual brute marcus(clovis cornillac), marcus' love-toy pâquerette(dimitri rataud)who eats objects he touches(..and is in prison for eating his six-month old sister)and obeys his charge as if "he" were his mother, and the scholarly lassalle(philippe laudenbach)who doesn't read, or eat breakfast(..the latter being that he murdered his wife during that time of the day). the film follows carrère as he reads from the book, attempting to understand it's meanings hoping to find an exit from his prison. carrère loves his child, and for a while believes his wife will get him out early on bail. when she betrays him, carrère begins to slowly seethe with hate, and longing to see and hold his beloved son. carrère's toughest critic is marcus, who longs to be fully female, while still folding to several masculine traits, such as working out and taking a leak standing up. he talks tough and uses his muscle as a type of fear tactic, although deep inside is a world of vulnerability. pâquerette is completely under marcus' control and behaves like a canine to it's master..there's even an alarming scene where pâquerette breast-feeds from marcus! lassalle is an unraveling mystery, opening up for us to slowly understand his ulterior motives and what lies within his possibly sinister brain. clearly intellectual, and holding possible secrets from the others, lassalle is actually the one who keeps the motivation of pursuing the secrets of the book going. soon, those who aren't a threat to the book seek their "true" escape, not as much from the cell of four walls, but the cell that imprisons their true desires. after a certain murder, the book is thrown from the room with a very fascinating character entering the film with a camcorder as if he were a new occupant..who is this person and how does he understand the power of a book tosses away, and better yet, how to use it? a constant in this film is each of the prisoners often seen throughout looking out their window into the world just out of reach.i'm glad i had a chance to watch this film. it does play out like "monkey's paw", the characters get what they desire, but a price must be met. there's gore in the film, startling moments of graphic violence, but, in my opinion, this is first and foremost a story-driven tale. the gore is a product of what the book unleashes. one of the group gets his limbs twisted while suspended in the air, while a grisly opening act displays the carnage left in the wake of one man's desire. we see danver's fate at the end, with a magnificent special effects sequence regarding an infant melting away. lassalle's fate is a masterful effects sequence. i will say that maléfique, through eric valette's well paced direction, always kept my attention, and, for being such an isolated movie(..about 95 % of the film takes place in a singular location, the prison cell)it never seems to drag. i guess that's a testament to interesting actors and fascinating characterizations, not to mention a compelling story using the supernatural to drive them.

in a penitentiary, four prisoners occupy a cell: carrère (gérald laroche), who used his company to commit a fraud and was betrayed by his wife; the drag lassalle (philippe laudenbach) and his protégée, the retarded pâquerette (dimitri rataud), who ate his six months sister; and the intellectual marcus (clovis cornillac), who killed his wife. one night, carrère finds an ancient journal hidden in a hole in the wall of the cell. they realize that the book was written by danvers (geoffrey carey) in the beginning of the last century and is about black magic. they decide to read and use its content to escape from the prison, when they find the truth about danvers' fate. "maléfique" is an original, intriguing and claustrophobic french low-budget horror movie. the story is practically in the same location, does not have any clichés and hooks the attention of the viewer until the last scene. i am a great fan of french cinema, usually romances, dramas and police stories, but i noted that recently i have seen some good french horror movies, such as "un jeu d' enfants", "belphegor" and "dead end". my vote is seven.title (brazil): "sinais do mal" ("signs of the evil")

malefique pretty much has the viewer from start to finish with its edgy atmosphere. nearly the whole movie is set in a prison cell revolving around 4 characters of which transvestite marcus and his little retarded boy are way out the strangest. soon the inmates find a diary of a previous inmate behind a brick which deals with his obsession of occult and black magic themes leading to his escape from the cell. from here on everything deals with uncovering the secret of the book and its spells to flee from prison. that leads to some accidents on the way out of the cell into the unknown light.honestly i think the story is rather poor and the final twist is nice but to me the ends are pretty loosely tied together. anyway i was thrilled until the last moment because the atmosphere of the movie is unique with minimal setting and cast. the kills are raw and eerie... its doesn't take gore to chill your spine and the occult themes are also done very well and reminded me of the hell themes in hellraiser. malefique has a claustrophobic and cold dirty feel with greenish tint. at times you wonder if the real or the occult world depicted here is stranger... when the retarded boy looses his fingers and is lulled to sleep sucking on marcus breasts it seems normal, so how strange can glowing gates to freedom be? with its budget the movie creates a unique atmosphere and chills the viewer in a very different way than most of the genre shockers do. i just wish the story had led to a more consistent finale. several elements like the visitor with the camera, the other inmates obsession with books and the toy doll vaguely pointing to the end don't fit tight in the story. anyway, i'll keep my eyes open for other movies from director valette, although its a turn-off to see he's is doing a hollywood remake of "one missed call" which was worn off and useless already in the miike-version.

good horror movies from france are quite rare, and it's fairly easy to see why! whenever a talented young filmmaker releases a staggering new film, he emigrates towards glorious hollywood immediately after to directed the big-budgeted remake of another great film classic! how can france possibly build up a solid horror reputation when their prodigy-directors leave the country after just one film? "haute tension" was a fantastic movie and it earned director alexandre aja a (one-way?) ticket to the states to remake "the hills have eyes" (which he did terrifically, i may add). eric valette's long-feature debut "maléfique" was a very promising and engaging horror picture too, and he's already off to the hollywood as well to direct the remake of takashi miike's ghost-story hit "one missed call". so there you have it, two very gifted frenchmen that aren't likely to make any more film in their native country some time soon. "maléfique" is a simple but efficient chiller that requires some patience due to its slow start, but once the plot properly develops, it offers great atmospheric tension and a handful of marvelous special effects. the film almost entirely takes place in one single location and only introduces four characters. we're inside a ramshackle french prison cell with four occupants. the new arrival is a businessman sentenced to do time for fraud, the elderly and "wise" inmate sadistically killed his wife and then there's a crazy transvestite and a mentally handicapped boy to complete the odd foursome. they find an ancient journal inside the wall of their cell, belonging to a sick murderer in the 1920's who specialized in black magic rites and supernatural ways to escape. the four inmates begin to prepare their own escaping plan using the bizarre formulas of the book, only to realize the occult is something you shouldn't mess with eric valette dedicates oceans of time to the character drawings of the four protagonists, which occasionally results in redundant and tedious sub plots, but his reasons for this all become clear in the gruesome climax when the book suddenly turns out to be some type of wishmaster-device. "maléfique" is a dark film, with truckloads of claustrophobic tension and several twisted details about human behavior. watch it before some wealthy american production company decides to remake it with four handsome teenage actors in the unconvincing roles of hardcore criminals.

french horror cinema has seen something of a revival over the last couple of years with great films such as inside and switchblade romance bursting on to the scene. maléfique preceded the revival just slightly, but stands head and shoulders over most modern horror titles and is surely one of the best french horror films ever made! maléfique was obviously shot on a low budget, but this is made up for in far more ways than one by the originality of the film, and this in turn is complimented by the excellent writing and acting that ensure the film is a winner. the plot focuses on two main ideas; prison and black magic. the central character is a man named carrère, sent to prison for fraud. he is put in a cell with three others; the quietly insane lassalle, body building transvestite marcus and his retarded boyfriend daisy. after a short while in the cell together, they stumble upon a hiding place in the wall that contains an old journal. after translating part of it, they soon realise its magical powers and realise they may be able to use it to break through the prison walls.black magic is a very interesting topic, and i'm actually quite surprised that there aren't more films based on it as there's so much scope for things to do with it. it's fair to say that maléfique makes the best of it's assets as despite it's restraints, the film never actually feels restrained and manages to flow well throughout. director eric valette provides a great atmosphere for the film; the fact that most of it takes place inside the central prison cell ensures that the film feels very claustrophobic, and this immensely benefits the central idea of the prisoners wanting to use magic to break out of the cell - it's very easy to get behind them! it's often said that the unknown is the thing that really frightens people, and this film proves that as the director ensures that we can never really be sure of exactly what is round the corner, and this helps to ensure that maléfique actually does manage to be quite frightening! the film is memorable for a lot of reasons outside the central plot; the characters are all very interesting in their own way and the fact that the book itself almost takes on its own character is very well done. anyone worried that the film won't deliver by the end won't be disappointed either as the ending both makes sense and manages to be quite horrifying! overall, maléfique is a truly great horror film and one of the best of the decade - highly recommended viewing!

maléfique is a very interesting movie. it is an unholy alloy of triumphs and failures. the central concept is great, three inmates with bizarre personalities are joined by a fourth (who the audience identify with) and they try to escape from their cell using a book of magic that they find within the walls of the cell.the atmosphere is well-woven, it reminds me of reading about the prison stay of edmond dantes' in the château d'if (prior to becoming the count of monte cristo). the director sets up the feeling that the characters are tied to the cell, particularly the character we are meant to identify with (carrère - a white-collar criminal whose crime is not specified, but it's obliquely suggested might be fraud). on one occasion carrère dithers when leaving the cell for exercise and has the cell door shut on him; we never leave the cell, the claustrophobia is unbroken. there are also no shots of the prison outside the cell, and the view through the bars is a longing sunset over a generic prison wall. so even though the film appears to be very modern, it has a very old world feel of incarceration.the characters are intriguing. we have marcus, a violent pre-op transsexual who plays an abusive mother to pâquerette (french for daisy) a heavily retarded young man. pâquerette likes to eat everything he finds beautiful, and unfortunately this included his baby sister, hence his current predicament (i like this comment on internalisation, very primitive). lasalle is a withdrawn, possessed elderly man, in for brutally murdering his wife.the central message of the movie is that your desires will annihilate you, and there's a ritual that goes with that. i think that's what disturbs me the most, seeing people destroying themselves ritualistically. it has a real life ring to it. the quite simple soundtrack backs this up well, every step deeper into the quicksand is accompanied by the dull ringing of a gong. i'm actually hearing the gong now every time i do something self-destructive.i think one of the plot problems is that the ends of the characters don't really reinforce the message consistently, particularly with carrère, also the concept of the book seems to alter throughout the film, not in terms of a successive revelation either. i also think that some of the images we see are a bit amateurish, more by design than execution, such as the famous "vagina eye", and the sodomy of lasalle, for me, totally hollow images.at the end the movie it feels like the director is in a rush to get it over with, and some things don't seem logical, for example we've been clumsily led to believe different things about carrère's child. this doesn't change the fact though that what we have here is that rare bird, a "pure" horror movie. there is no comedic dross or genre segueing, like cube (1997/natali), the obvious movie to compare it to, it's a total immersion experience, where you feel as if you are in the cell with the characters. this last comment i make about it being a "pure" experience i think is something others have mentioned as well so that is a fairly unanimous point.on a personal note my favourite part of the film is when lasalle talks about his past as a librarian. he very vividly describes a scene where he goes to work one day and sits down in his usual place in the centre of a room where all the books are arranged in a circle around him. the books seem to be chanting to him that he will never contain their knowledge. this prompts lasalle to go insane. that really is the problem with an obsession with understanding and knowledge. it's something i myself have felt.one final comment is that two of the quite well-received comments on the board have confused the characters' names. to convince yourself that lasalle is the older librarian character, simply click on philippe laudenbach's page and you will see he was born in 1936.

i'd waited for some years before this movie finally got released in england, but was in many ways very pleased when i finally saw it. there are a lot of great things to the film, for a start the acting. its not something i have all that much need for in a horror picture but the people in this film all put in fine work. this and the constantly gripping and interesting script, with a nice sorta lovecraftian feel to it, give the film a real solid backbone. add to this the doses of surreal nightmare imagery and occasional gruesome gore and the films a winner. it has my favorite kind of gore too, supernatural and splattery. also, the characters of marcus, the angry bodybuilding transsexual and daisy, his mentally retarded lover/plaything are genuinely freakish and unnerving at times, and give a far out, anything goes sense of morbid grown up craziness which works well with the frequent freudian overtones. this is one of the most impressive recent horror movies, far more shocking or out there than anything hollywood can produce. my only gripe was that i wanted the ending to be darker in tone, but it still works, so on the whole i'd really recommend this to serious horror buffs.

i didn't feel that this film was quite as clever as it seemed to think it was but enjoyed it nevertheless. it is original, although reminded me a little of two other french films, vidocq and city of lost children, mostly for the colouring but also for the edgy quality of the close ups of the characters.set in a prison cell but do not let this put you off, this film seemingly goes further than many a multi locationed blockbuster.always interesting, with the perennial 'black arts' well to the fore and very good characterisation making some only too believable! scary with some gore this is well worth a viewing.

if you're one of those who recognise with pleasure such arcane titles as 'book of the dead', 'book of eibon' or 'necronomicon', then you should feel right at home with malefique, a film which also features an occult tome, one with the power to change the destinies of all involved. discovered by four french prisoners sharing a cell, the fearsome object has been placed in the wall there by danvers, a serial killer incarcerated back in the 1920s; a man obsessed with rejuvenation and the black arts before he abruptly vanished. finders of the book are carrère (gérald laroche) a company embezzler shopped by his wife, lassalle (philippe laudenbach) who aspires to be a woman but at the same time body-builds to execute an escape plan, the halfwit pâquerette (dimitri rataud) who once ate his baby sister, and the 'librarian' marcus (clovis cornillac), supposedly driven mad by reading, who murdered his wife. reminding the viewer of meat loaf's equally bizarre, bosomy male in fight club (1999), lassalle begins as the dominant member of the quartet, one who is especially protective of the infantile pâquerette. with the coming of the book however, and the overarching need to decipher its dangerous contents, marcus assumes greater and greater significance. at first assured of an early bail, meanwhile carrère takes little more than academic interest in events. suddenly he too needs an urgent escape option and, as the prisoners experiment, danvers' book starts to reveal some of its terrifying powers...staged for the most part within a prison cell, and between four or five characters, malefique has a claustrophobic air entirely suited to its subject matter (as well as the limited budget of the filmmakers). only at the start and then at the conclusion do we get to leave the confines of the cell, a necessary opening out which only serves to emphasise the doomed, closed-in nature of proceedings elsewhere. more than anything, this is a film about being trapped, either as a victim of your criminal past or of occult events now unfolding. "i'm going to escape," says carrère at the start of the film, wishing more than anything to be able to rejoin his wife and son. whether or not he does it will be at a terrible price, and the great irony of the film is that the ultimate form of an 'escape' may not be one a man might imagine.with all its budget limitations it is greatly to the first-time feature director eric vallette's credit that his film succeeds as well as it does. as critics have noticed, it is a film with strong freudian overtones - lassalle's distinctive mammaries and adult breast feeding for instance; the picture of a vagina which comes to life and develops an eye; the grown man who dissolves back into a foetus; danvers' original placenta fetish; the dark cell as a primitive womb from which 'delivery' is awaited, etc. with so many interesting aspects to the script vallette hardly puts a foot wrong, and he succeeds in creating a genuinely unsettling atmosphere out of what, when one comes down to it, is just a matter of four guys, four bunks, one folding table and a book. there's a genuine, growing, lovecraftian frisson as the men summon up the unnameable darkness from within its pages, while one or two moments - the aforementioned blinking vagina, or what ultimately happens to pâquerette - are unsettlingly memorable. the pacing of many of the dark events in malefique is deliberate, rejecting the rapid cutting of many hollywood productions: a video culture approach that often subverts the horrified gaze in favour of quick-fix action and gore. perhaps this is a particularly european manner, as one recalls a similar, measured approach to shocking hallucination taken in such films as verhoeven's the fourth man (1983) - a film that incidentally also shares a particularly nasty image based around a prolapsed eye.lensed well in 1.85:1, malefique benefits from excellent performances and, if for this viewer at least, the conclusion was not as explainable as it might have been, the journey to the final shot was worth taking. coming so soon after the release of the similarly well-received haute tension (aka: switchblade romance, 2003), this is another reason to be grateful that good horror films are once again emerging from the french industry, this after a time when it seemed the only worthwhile product came from asia

well, magic works in mysterious ways. this movie about 4 prisoners, trying to escape with the help of spells, written by another prisoner centuries ago was a superb occult thriller with a surprising end and lots of suspense. even if it had something of a theater-play (almost everything happens in the cell) it never got boring and it was acted very well. in the tradition of "cube" you felt trapped with the characters and even if they were criminal, you developed some sympathy with some of them, only to change your mind by the twists the story takes. some happenings catched you off guard and there was always a touch of insanity in the air. altogether intense and entertaining and as i didn't expect anything (a friend rented it), it was a positive surprise!

"maléfique" is an example of how a horror film can be effective with nothing more than a well-executed plot and a lot of heart. its cast doesn't have recognized names, it doesn't have a big budget and it certainly lacks in the visual effects aspect; but it compensates all that with an intelligent and well-written script, an effective cast and the vision of a director focused more on telling the story than in delivering cheap thrills. eric valette may not be a well-know name yet, but with "maléfique", his feature length debut, he proves he is at the level of contemporaries like jeunet, gans or aja.the film is the story of four prisoners in a cell, four different men with very different backgrounds but with one single goal: to get out. carrère (gérald laroche) gets imprisoned after being declared guilty of a multi-millionaire fraud; his cell-mates, the violent marcus (clovis cornillac), the intellectual lassalle (philippe laudenbach) and the mentally challenged pâquerette (dimitri rataud), are all convicted for murder and give carrère a cold welcome. their personalities will clash as carrère discovers an ancient book detailing how a former prisoner escaped using black magic.written by alexandre charlo and franck magnier, "maléfique" is a great mix of dark fantasy and horror in a way very reminiscent of clive barker's stories. the movie's strongest point is the way it builds up the characters, they are all have very complex and different personalities and a lot of the tension and suspense comes from their constant clash of personalities. the story's supernatural element is very well-handled and overall gives the film the feeling of reading a gothic novel. despite being a movie about four men locked in a room, the movie never gets boring or tiresome and in fact, the isolation of the group increases the feeling of distrust, claustrophobia, and specially, paranoia.director eric valette makes a great use of atmosphere, mood and his cast to give life to the plot. despite its obvious lack of budget, he has crafted a brilliant film that feels original, fresh and very attractive. his subtle and effective camera-work helps to make the film dynamic despite its single location, and the slow pace the film unfolds is excellent to create the heavy atmosphere of isolation and distrust the movie bases its plot. the very few displays of special effects are very well-done and valette trades quantity for quality in the few but terrific scenes of gore.the characters are what make this film work, and the cast definitely deserves some of the credit. gérald laroche is excellent as carrère, a man at first sight innocent, but who hides a dark past. philippe laudenbach and dimitri rataud are very effective too, specially rataud in his very demanding role. however, is clovis cornillac who steal the show with his performance as marcus, a violent and disturbed man who deep inside only wants to be himself. the characters are superbly developed and the cast makes the most of them.the movie is terrific, but it is not without its share of flaws. of course, the most notorious one is its the low-budget. some of the cgi-effects are a bit poor compared to the effective make-up and prosthetics used in other scenes, however, it is never too bad for it. probably the bad thing about "maléfique" is that it seems to lose some steam by the end when it focuses on the supernatural black magic rather than in the characters, not too much of a bad thing but the ending may seem weak from that point of view.anyways, "maléfique" is another one of those great horror films coming out from france lately, and one that deserves to have more recognition. valette is definitely a talent to follow as this modest (albeit complex) tale of the supernatural is prove enough of his abilities. personally, this film is a new favorite. 8/10

beside the fact, that in all it's awesomeness this movie has risen beyond all my expectations, this masterpiece of cinema history portrait the overuse of crappy filters in it's best! paul johansson and craig sheffer show a brotherconflict with all there is to it. as usual a woman concieling her true intentions. the end came as surprising as unforssen as the killing of keith scott by his older brother.the scenes in 'wiking land' are just as i remember it from my early time travels. - to be honest my strong passion for trash movies makes this one a must have in my never finished collection.i recommend this movie to all the people in love with the most awesome brother cast from one tree hill.-odin-

what an absolutely stunning movie, if you have 2.5 hrs to kill, watch it, you won't regret it, it's too much fun! rajnikanth carries the movie on his shoulders and although there isn't anything more other than him, i still liked it. the music by a.r.rehman takes time to grow on you but after you heard it a few times, you really start liking it.

a most awaited film of the year 2002. after three and half years of hibernation,rajini has acted in this movie. the hype for this film was toooooo high..this is not a typical rajini film, in this film he gives some spiritual messages also. but it also includes typical rajini actions,style,songs etc. its a good entertaining movie and gives good messages also.i will rate this movie as good instead of excellent because of the screenplay. its a must watch movie. dont miss it!

there's a theory of time that posits that all the moments that ever existed and will exist, actually exist right now. it's a bit too much to wrap your head around, but perhaps a bit of a comfort to those who wish they could go back to a simpler time and place. for barbara jean trenton (ida lupino), that time was twenty five years earlier, the mid 1930's when her youth and glamor held the greatest promise. for my part, if i could travel through time, it would be back to the 1950's when i grew up. maybe to a place like willoughby, but that's another episode.one thing that wouldn't be so special about 1959 would involve dealing with all that clunky machinery just to watch an episode of "the twilight zone". how many reels do you think it would take to catalog the entire series, and then find a particular story you wanted to watch? i guess you have to consider the trade offs, convenience versus simplicity, having it right now or taking the time to spool it up to the exact spot where the story begins. popping in a cd has it's advantages.i'm a little surprised that rod serling would pen a story that so closely resembled "sunset boulevard". ida lupino's character mirror imaged norma desmond just a bit too closely to be considered an original concept. martin balsam portrays very much a similar character to erich von stroheim, the husband turned butler who's loyalty is unquestioned. where the story diverges has to do with the way danny (balsam) and sall (ted de corsia) challenge barbara jean to get with reality and clear the cobwebs that paralyze her existence.fortunately for us viewers, ida lupino had no such reservations about taking parts that were 'not big, but a nice showcase'. it's a real treat to watch any episode of "the twilight zone" and get to see who pops up from days gone by. sometimes you get a two-fer, like you have here with lupino and balsam, celebrities who sometimes made their mark before the series began, and sometimes after. combined with the stories that the program produced, it's not surprising that they still manage to entertain so well today.

i really enjoyed this episode, which was a great surprise given the bad reputation it seems to have acquired. from a pure writing perspective, 'the 16mm shrine' is an absolute treat, with fantastic dialogue and character analysis, typical of sterling. in particular i really enjoyed the philosophical indulgences of the episode, tackling themes of existence and reality, whilst balancing it with more psychological topics such as denial, pride, and desire. 'the sixteen-millimeter shrine' is an episode about how these ideas based around an unwillingness to accept change can seemingly alienate a person from the rest of the ever-changing world. it is also a fantastic example of cerebral twilight zone; one that explores the mind rather than the world outside it. these elements all come together very nicely to create a thought provoking and incredibly interesting 25 minutes.the episode is not without its faults however, which mainly lay in lupino and leisen shoes. ironically, i felt lupino was unconvincing throughout, with only a few scenes that could count as memorable. this of course being an absolute shame considering how well sterling had written her character. furthermore leisen didn't seem to know what to do with most of his characters, sometimes having them stand around on set doing next to nothing -which probably explains why accepted the poor performances from lupino half the time-. thankfully balsam does a good job of covering up a lot of weak spots, helping redeem the show from an acting perspective at least.as i said previously however, if you're a fan of classic film and cerebral science fiction, this shouldn't be as bad as it's sometimes made out to be. in addition to the writing that i mentioned above, the episode also features some fantastic photography (it still amazes me that the show looks this good nearly fifty years later!) and decent enough set-design. overall 'the sixteen-millimeter shrine" is a great episode and above all is certainly one to make you think.

after hitting the viewers with three very different episodes right off the bat, serling continued to go about introducing viewers to 'the twilight zone' in a very strange way by scheduling one the series biggest growers as the fourth episode. 'the sixteen-millimeter shrine' is one of the more understated episodes, focusing on an aging movie star's inability to cope with the changing times and only introducing a supernatural element in the closing minutes. because of this approach, the episode is under whelming at first but subsequent viewings reveal it to be a thoroughly classy and beautifully written short story.both the leads, ida lupino as barbara jean trent and martin balsam as her frustrated but caring agent, shine in their performances. the main problem with the episode is that the supposedly 25 year old footage of the actress is unconvincing. lupino looks identical when playing the young trent as she does when playing the middle aged trent and this diminishes the tragedy of the situation significantly. fortunately, lupino acts her socks off in convincing us of her desperation to return to the past. it's a situation most can sympathise with, and yet trent is far from a sympathetic character. she is a prima-donna who gives little thought to the feelings of those around her, such as the disastrously withered co-star who she tactlessly belittles because he reminds her of just how long ago her glory days were. it is somewhat surprising, then, that she is rewarded with a happy ending. it is clear what is going to happen from the moment we see the huge projection screen and it is cleverly pre-empted in the opening moments when trent scares her maid by stepping out from behind the screen. what is not clear at the beginning, however, is whether being sucked into the projector will prove a reward or a harsh lesson in appreciating what we have and living in the moment. as it turns out, trent is allowed to return to the past she longed for, a testament to how strong the wishful thinking of humans can be.'the sixteen-millimeter shrine' gets better with each viewing. the top notch writing and acting combine to create a short play of enormous power which reflects the nature of humans to long for the past, even though we can never return. except in the twilight zone.

i found this movie really funny because you have a youthful black comedian (chris rock) who dies and is sent back to earth in a mid-50's white mans body. he doesn't realize that his behavior should change and continues to act as he had before. he listens to rap music, sings along, and plays the stereotypical part of an urban black man. the real humor in this movie was watching the trouble that this behavior gets him into with the black community.

this was a hilarious movie and i would see it again and again. it isn't a movie for someone who doesn't have a fun sense of a humor, but for people who enoy comedy like chris rock its a perfect movie in my opinion. it is really funnny

my fondness for chris rock varies with his movies,i hated him after lethal weapon 4,but i hated everyone in that movie after it.i like him when he is himself and not holding back,like in dogma. well this is his best yet,wasn't expecting this to be that good.laughed my arse off the whole time. chris rock delivers a sweet wonderful story backed by some of the funniest comedy i've seen in quite some time. loved it.

down to earth is the best movie!!! it is so funny, and it's really sweet too. it has a good plot and it's unique. it isn't like those movies that are all the same with the similar story lines, and it's not all comedy and no story. this movie also has a very good ending.

hopefully the score has changed by now due to my brilliant and stunning review which persuades all of you to go and watch the film thereby creating an instant chorus of "8"s, this movie's true score.as mentioned before chris rock is the king! previous to going to see this movie i wasn't that over the top about him but now i'm banging on the doors of chris rock's website begging him to take me on as his protege. this film is truly funny, if you don't find this movie funny you really need therapy and it's humour which targets all areas of society including race(predictably), class division, love, wealth, employment, dreams, stand up comedy... the list goes on.there was one slight disappointment for me however. this was that in going into this film i didn't realise that it was actually a remake of "heaven can wait" another quite good movie made in 1971 with warren beatty. as such i was quite surprised when i watched this movie and suddenly the plot began to unravel to be distinctly similar to an older movie i had watched on tv a few weeks ago.. regardless this movie is in my opinion the better version out of the two of them simply because of the different areas it covers and the fact that chris rock is funnier than warren beatty any second of any day of any week of any year of any...you get the picture.well to the actual plot of the film.don't spoil the experience for yourself! don't read the plot! just go and watch a movie because there have been two reviews on imdb so far that have raved mad about it, go see it because it is the funniest thing you would have seen in a long time, go and see it because it's a cinema experience that doesn't leave you grumbling ad nauseum at the cost of cinema tickets. go see it because it is a good movie!

this movie i have been dying to see. well it took till now to decide to actually rent it. it was completely worth it. this movie made me laugh from the beginning to the end. chris rock is funny no matter which movie he is in. however, this should come real close to being his greatest. if ur lookin for a family movie, ie pre-teens and up then this is one u can't pass over.

great movie when i saw it. have to say one of my favorite movies of all time. i saw it like 8 times in the theater and got the dvd. as i got older and saw it again i realized that the movie is average. compared to movies that are known ad good comedys, this is nothing. i mean rock was hilarious in the movie and the whole switching with the racial stuff breaks a little barriers which is great. also the thought of how the movie goes is a nice way of thinking. it's like most thought of a movie but also a little twist which is a very nice touch. i like the movie overall so i give it a...still a good 7/10 for me.

i'm not saying that just as a chris rock fan, i'm saying this as a person who had low expectations going in to this movie and was proved wrong. the first flaw was it's everything-works-out ending that everybody saw coming. flaw number two was i found that the chemistry between regina king and chris rock seemed fake. finally the acting in this movie was sub-par, with the best actor being regina king and the worst being mark addy. but i saw past that flaw and saw a solid comedy. in a heads-up scenario, watch heaven can wait instead, it's better. so for all you chris rock fans out there, watch this movie, you'll enjoy out. he has some good stand-up in this movie.overall: 7 out of 10

this movie is a remake of two movies that were a lot better. the last one, heaven can wait, was great, i suggest you see that one. this one is not so great. the last third of the movie is not so bad and chris rock starts to show some of the comic fun that got him to where he is today. however, i don't know what happened to the first two parts of this movie. it plays like some really bad "b" movie where people sound like they are in some bad tv sit-com. the situations are forced and it is like they are just trying to get the story over so they can start the real movie. it all seems real fake and the editing is just bad. i don't know how they could release this movie like that. anyway, the last part isn't to bad, so wait for the video and see it then.

chris rock stars in this remake of warren beatty's heaven can wait (itself a remake of the 1941 film here comes mr. jordan), a comedy about a man who dies before his time, before he can realize his dreams, and his adventures in his new (albeit temporary) body. in the beatty version, the protagonist was a backup quarterback for the then-los angeles rams. in rock's hipper version, our lead character is a struggling young - and decidedly low-talent - standup comedian.it's very funny to see the razor-sharp rock playing a bad comedian. it's kind of like seeing tom hanks play a bad actor. lance barton's dream is to play the legendary apollo theater on a non-amateur night. but every time he tries out his material, he's booed off the stage lustily - so much so that his nickname becomes "booie." his jokes are lame, his delivery painful. in short, lance is everything that the real chris rock isn't.lance is also a bike messenger, and he's riding the streets on his way to try out even more material when bam! he's hit by a truck. ok, so maybe he was taken from his body a tenth of a second early by a slightly incompetent angel (eugene levy), but hey, he was going to get hit anyway. no dice, it appears lance isn't due in heaven until 2044. so what to do? mr. king (chazz palminteri), the "manager" of heaven, reluctantly agrees to find a new body for the not-quite-dead mr. barton. trouble is, the body they find is of a greedy, old white man. turns out this fella (a mr. wellington) owns all kinds of things - he's the 15th richest man in the country! what luck! you can imagine how lance will turn things around. but of course, while in the body of the affluent mr. wellington, lance falls for a gorgeous hospital worker (regina king). we males know how tough it is to find a female given our own body, but try winning one over while you're an dumpy, old white guy! and it's even worse when she's not impressed by your money. this is rock's first shot at a lead role, and in my opinion he performs admirably. there's still a lot of the standup comedian in him - and, of course, if he ever wants to get diverse roles, he might have to stop incorporating standup routines into the script - but this isn't really a bad thing. rock's personality - his drive, his delivery, his demeanor, and his passion - are what fuel this film. he's clearly having a lot of fun in the role, and he seems bent on making sure you have fun watching him.

"a thief in the night" is a film that was generally ignored by movie fans at large due to its low-budget (which was obvious) and its subject matter--the rapture of true christian church and the fate of those left behind. nevertheless, it was a gripping story that held the viewer and definitely made him or her review their relationship with jesus christ. it touched everyone--showing even a pastor who preached the word, but did not believe it, knowing exactly why he was left behind. this movie, and its sequel "distant thunder," are must see movies. even with the new "left behind" series coming out, telling the same story with a much higher budget, the impact is still the same--"a thief in the night" broke the ground of this genre and will always be remembered.

this film was really eye-opening. i have seen this film several times. first, when i was four and i actually remembered it and then when i was 12. the whole message that the director is conveying is for everyone to wake up and not make the mistake of leaving god out of our everyday lives or just plain going the extra mile to insult him.a great movie for non-believers and believers alike!

i would say for it's time, this movie was awesome...and yes if you have no desire to become a christian, then why bother watching it. i saw this movie after i had already been saved and found it to be very moving. i see now they have taken these movies to another level and have created the left behind series...they run a close comparison and definitely are more modern to reach people. i think in order to actually judge this movie, you should see it,,,there are 3 or 4 of them in the series if i am not mistaken...don't use our comments to judge, see the movie for yourself!! god will bless you if that is why you are watching them.

i have seen this movie a whole dozen times and it's awesome. but the only thing with it was that in the beginning, there was too much talk of who's going out with who. i think that it would be interesting to do a remake of it. but on the official site, they said that they will not be making a remake of it because so many people have gotten saved when viewing it. what's even happened to patty dunning now? she is a pretty good actress. she has done several other movies in the 70s and 80s, but we haven't heard from her since. i know for sure about thom rachford, who plays jerry, works for accounting at rd films. but overall, i have to say that the series itself is like left behind gone old school.

i've read most of the comments on this movie. i have seen this movie(and the whole prophecy series) many times with family members of all ages, we all enjoyed and it just made us meditate on what we already knew from reading and studying the bible about the rapture and end times. no one got scared or traumatized like i have read on some posts. the movie is just based on biblical facts. i have seen a lot of end time movies "tribulation", "armagedon" and so on and by far this one is one of the best in presenting bible truths. it may not have a lot of great special effects like todays movies but i believe it is a good witnessing tool. this movie and its prophecy series can be seen free at this website higherpraise.com, and judge for yourself. blessings to all.

this is a great movie for all generation x'ers. what a different world the america of 1972 was compared to our psychotic 21st century. you can get a sense of what an 1972 america gone by was like by watching this movie. i found that the clothing and the car styles brought back to me fond memories of a much better country than we have now. just think...back then there were only 4 or 5 tv stations to choose from. there was no aids, muslim terrorists, road rage, 911, bird flu, freeway snipers, etc, etc. the vietnam war was just over. there will still be 7 years before star wars comes out. the personal computer and internet would still be 29 years away.when this movie first came out the producers had to market the film themselves as no other film company wanted it. so it began touring small protestant churches around the country being shown on movie projectors(this was the days before vcrs of course). the pastor of a church who would would be interested in showing a thief in the night to his congregation would obtain a copy of the film. then he would set up a evening to show it in the church meeting area or lunch room. members of the congregation would invite "unsaved" friends and family members and it would be a social event of the week. if you can get past the limited production values of the film and just watch it for its nostalgic value, then i think you will enjoy the film more. of course i am speaking as a gen xer. if i had a time machine i would go back to 1972 and say goodbye to the 21st century cesspool we have now.

a thief in the night has got to be the best out of all the end times thrillers. i have no clue what people are complaining about what people are whining about when they say that these movies scared them into accepting god. they just needed to find an excuse and blamed a thief in the night. do not listen! these movies do not only tell of one of the many possibilities of the tribulation, but they're also fun to watch in their simplicity. they are in fact low-budget and that is a little obvious, but not all too obvious upon first viewing. i had no clue because i really assumed that a lot of movies like these made in the 70's included low-budgets all the time.a thief in the night tells the story of young and cynical patty myers who lives for what comes her way, until her husband, and nearly all her friends disappear in the prophetic rapture everyone warned her about. at first, the movie isn't all based around her until the rapture happens. what it leads up to are showing that everyone else around her are becoming christians and believing in christ, which is usually what happens to a lot of people. everyone around them they once knew and loved will be gone forever, and the one who is left behind is the one who blames everyone but themselves. no one can ever blame themselves because they're always right.just like these whiners who complain about the movie. these people must be full grown adults. i'm thirteen, and you don't see me whining, especially since i was exactly like patty before i re-accepted christ into my heart. for those who haven't seen it, if you want a little bit of everything tossed into a christian movie instead of stereo-typical everyone else is wrong movies, than you'll enjoy a thief in the night. don't knock it before you try it. something new is always good. trust your own instincts.

this is a great movie. some will disagree with me but , if you know anything about the bible you know it is. i think everyone should see it!! i agree a new updated version like be nice but the message is still right on. if you can see this movie. is not a "scare the hell of you movie",it is truthful with the bible. i think the u. n. will play a major role in the world government to come. the last days are lining up with the bible. look at what has happened with the chip for dogs and cats that now has come to light to protect on children from being kidnapped. it's the size of a grain of rice. this i feel is the fore runner of the mark of the beast spoken of in the bible. without the mark you can't sell or buy, with this chip that small in the future there is no telling how much info can be put on it.

a thief in the night is an excellent fictional account of the weeks leading up to the rapture and the weeks following that pivotal event.i thoroughly enjoyed both the production values and the content values of this independent christian movie.the production values. hey, it's an independent movie, with a shoe-string budget, so, ya, it's going to look a bit cheesy (if your standard is a-list hollywood fare). but, properly compared with other independent movies, this film is perfectly acceptable. more important than acting style, costumes, and music is the narrative itself. is the story compelling? do the dramatic moments work? does the story trajectory build to a satisfying climax? the answer to all these questions is an unqualified "yes." as a side-note, the truly important technical stuff--continuity, sound, lighting--are fine. the viewer is able to watch the show without being distracted by sloppy craftsmanship.content value. the message of the movie is superb. when you consider how many ideas the movie-maker developed within the brief span of 69 minutes, you begin to appreciate his artistry. he presents the message of salvation, the consequence of unbelief, the danger of backsliding, the truth of the rapture, and the threat of a world-dominating satanic government with flare, imagination, and--most importantly for an evangelical movie--with biblical accuracy.the movie-maker is a good storyteller. for example, he develops the message of salvation in two important ways: (1) he shows us through action the reality of jesus christ's sacrifice for our sake. this is achieved in a subplot where the zoo-keeper is bit by a poisonous snake and nearly dies. the only cure is blood from someone who is immune to the snake-poison. the poison is like sin; the cure is like christ's blood, shed on the cross. (2) the filmmaker also develops the message of salvation through dialog. he has various characters explain the truth about human sin and the need for salvation through faith in christ. so, the movie-maker uses both action and dialog to tell his story.as a side-note, the fact that a movie produced by evangelical christians actually contains dialog and scenes that convey a clearly delineated message of salvation, couched in explicitly evangelical christian language, imagery, and theology is also perfectly acceptable. to criticize this film for being explicitly christian is absurd; it's akin to criticizing a nike commercial for promoting sport-wear. what else would evangelical christian movie makers make, if not a film that states their case? also, the fact that the movie-maker employs the idea that the unbelieving will be left behind in a godless world is, again, perfectly acceptable. the movie-maker uses the dramatic potential of that idea admirably. how do i know? i heard about a thief in the night from a woman who saw the show way back in 1974; it still lived in her memory thirty years later. how many movies can you say that about? all around, a very enjoyable, thought-provoking show. i plan on showing it to my teen group at church.

obviously, there wasn't a huge budget for this film which definitely hindered the production. but the story and ending were so brutal that they made up for a lot. i mean brutal on the level of ju dou and other (great) chinese films. i first saw this when i was 14 years old, i ran home and begged god to forgive me for everything...

to all the reviewers on this page, i would have to say this movie is worth seeing. so it was made in 1972, so what. the fashion in the movie was exactly the same fashion of its time. people who didn't study culture of the decades would think that this movie is a cheese ball. compared to the modern series, `left behind,' (which is made for our time right now) it does look cheezy. however, the only cheezy part of the movie is the fashion, which again was over 30 years in the past. but. the message that is sent in this film is very powerful, and carefully preserved. there is just so much to say, but i refuse to say it. (for fear of spoiling it) so go out and see this film! if you don't like the message that it sends, then you have issues, that need some attention!

i remember seeing this movie a long time ago, back then even though it didn't have any special effects, the acting was really good. and it still has the same message for today, even though the technology has changed, maybe they should make a remake of this movie, it would be interesting to see a remake. i also enjoyed the music from the movie as well, larry norman was a really good songwriter during that time period, although now most christian music is now worship and praise music. i was always curious to know what ever happened to patty after the series ended? did she go on to make more movies, did she get eventually get married and raise a family? i would like to have an update.

the reason why people say that this movie scared them is because it did!! that means the movie purpose was felt by a few who did see it. when i first saw this movie it scared me and made me think about life and religion. this is not a blood and gore scary type movie, but the kind that you would think that it may be possible for things to happen the way the movie was written. of course non believers will say its only a sci-fi movie. truth is, this movie is a must have for your thriller collection, even if it does have a religious view. if you are a fan of classic thrillers (omen..etc) this is one of them and its a must have. i never saw the sequel (distant thunder), but i believe it picks up where this movie ends.

now, for all of the cinematographical buffs out there, this film may not rank high on your list of things to see. but if you know anything about plot development, profound truth, and the intentions that this film (the series) had, you'd understand my p.o.v.granted, the specifics of the film are renderings of the writer, who cannot be expected to know what will happen in the end. but the film is biblically accurate and justifiably "scares" viewers into thinking about what may be. i'm a christian, not due to this movie, but due to my personal decision to accept jesus as my savior. the film and potential that something similar to the circumstances portrayed therein can remarkably scare someone into thinking about their actions and decisions. it's not some cheap attempt to scare people into believing in god, but rather, a means to get your attention.as a christian, i know i'll not be left behind, and thanks to movies like this, i can look beyond the superficialities of entertainment, acting, and film budgeting to appreciate the depth that the film has to offer. this is a movie you shouldn't not only see, but feel with your heart and soul.

long before tim lahaye and jerry b. jenkins would shake the world of the christian subculture (and make millions in the process) with the left behind books, mark iv pictures, the christian film distribution company of the billy graham evangelistic association, gave us this masterwork. what i love most about this genre is its incredible attention to detail, sitting in a living room. instead of taking us to the dramatic scenes of this "post-rapture" tribulation, we sit in the living room, hearing about it on the news because the filmmakers can't afford to show it. the film's premise is grounded in pre-millenial, pre-tribulation eschatalogy, believing that christ comes once for the secret taking of the true church, and then comes again at the end of the seven years of hell on earth. what used to terrify me in junior high now makes me laugh. the intriguing adventures of patty and her journey throughout the tribulation (and two of the film's three sequels) tells her remarkable story of unbelief and ultimately damnation. i hate to admit it, but i still thoroughly enjoy watching this. it even has the same exact score of monty python and the holy grail. i think i'm the only person in history to make that observation.

this movie is a perfect portrayal of the nutcracker; the dancing is wonderful, the scenery in the background was excellent, and i loved that floating bed.oh, and the costumes... i particularly loved marzipan's, the tutu was adorable. the special effects were very well done (e.g. the tree, the bed, etc.), and i quite enjoyed the rats. i love how they didn't make them scary, but cute and huggable. except for the king, i suppose.if you're a thoroughly masculine person, you won't enjoy this, but this is a very good movie that's good for all ages - just not all levels of testosterone.but i have a few complaints.firstly, why did they have to put the sugar plum fairy's partner in those terrible tights? it would barely make a difference if he was butt naked! and secondly.. why on earth did they have to make culkin's outfit pink?

those who have given this production such a low rating probably have never seen the celebrated george balanchine production live onstage, or are letting their disdain for the star casting of macaulay culkin influence their judgement. the atlanta ballet was fortunate enough, from the 1960's to the 1980's, to be the first ballet company authorized to stage this production other than the new york city ballet, and i have seen it live onstage several times. i can assure readers that the film is a quite accurate rendering of this production, and that the use of a child with limited dancing abilities in the title role is not a cheap stunt dreamed up to showcase culkin; it was balanchine's idea to use a child in this role, just as it was his idea to use a child for the role of marie. the "heavy" dancing is left to the adults in the story.this is deliberately a stagebound film; in a way, it resembles laurence olivier's "othello". exactly as in that film, the sets of the stage production have been enlarged to the size of a movie soundstage, but not made any less artificial, and the ballet is straightforwardly photographed with discreet closeups, and without the distracting "music video" quick cuts featured in the 1986 overrated maurice sendak-carroll ballard version. there are only two false steps in this 1993 film. one is the addition of distracting and completely unnecessary sound effects (mouse squeaks, the children whispering "ma-gic!" to drosselmeyer,etc.). those sound effects are never heard in any stage production of any "nutcracker", and they have been put in as a cheap concession simply to appease unsophisticated audiences who may not relish the idea of watching a ballet on film.the other false step is macaulay culkin's nutcracker make-up, which looks absolutely ridiculous. when he is on screen as the nutcracker, rather than wearing a huge mask (as is always done when the balanchine production is performed onstage), culkin is actually made up as the toy - he wears what looks like a bald cap, as well as a white wig, whiskers, and a beard. he also has his face rouged up somewhat, and the worst aspect of his make-up is that it is still recognizably his face, amateurishly transformed in a manner similar to ray bolger, jack haley and bert lahr's makeups in "the wizard of oz" (that film's makeup results though, worked spectacularly, as this one's does not). and a comparison with baryshnikov's nutcracker in *his* production shows how wonderfully creative baryshnikov's nutcracker mask was - the "jaws" actually seemed to move whenever baryshnikov tilted his head back.the dancing itself in the macaulay culkin version is excellent, of course, except for culkin himself, whose dancing, as i said, isn't meant to even be spectacular. (the sugar plum fairy and her cavalier are the prominent dancing roles in balanchine's production of "the nutcracker".) the film's colors, though, could be a bit brighter since this is a fantasy. the choreography is also brilliant, and the adaptation of it is so faithful as to include the sequence that features additional music from tchaikovsky's ballet "the sleeping beauty" - as marie sneaks downstairs, falls asleep on the sofa, and dreams that drosselmeyer is "repairing" the broken nutcracker (this sequence was, of course, never included in tchaikovsky's original ballet---it is the only sequence in this production which features music from a work other than "the nutcracker").those who have missed out on this film, or those who despise (or loathe it) should give it a chance, despite its two big drawbacks. it is far better than it seems when one first hears that culkin is in it.

both visually and musically stunning. a treat for both the eye and the ear. the quintessential victorian element of the opening sequences were completely enchanting, helping to create a christmas scene of which dickens himself would have been justifiably proud. technically the production is visually stimulating and the special effects are both imaginatively devised and creatively achieved in a traditional stage setting. the dancing of many of the lead artistes is breathtakingly good. the photography and lighting are first class and the sound recording admirably matches the overall high level of technical skills employed. a great film for all the family at christmas time and a most delightful discovery which will withstand multiple viewing.

as far as i can recall, balanchine's alterations to tchaikovsky's score are as follows:1) the final section of the grossvatertanz (a traditional tune played at the end of a party) is repeated several times to give the children a last dance before their scene is over.2) a violin solo, written for but eliminated from tchaikovsky's score for the sleeping beauty, is interpolated between the end of the party scene and the beginning of the transformation scene. balanchine chose this music because of its melodic relationship to the music for the growing christmas tree that occurs shortly thereafter.3) the solo for the sugar plum fairy's cavalier is eliminated.it seems to me the accusation that balanchine has somehow desecrated tchaikovsky's great score is misplaced.

you know, this movie isn't that great, but, i mean, c'mon, it's about angels helping a baseball team. i find the plot line to be hilarious anyways, this kid's dad says he'll take him back if the angels win the pennant (because he knows they won't) kid prays to his fake god to help the angels win, god helps the whole time (via the angel christopher lloyd, rip) and in the end, his dad doesn't take him back and rides off on his motorcycle right in that kids face. it's hilarious until danny glover adopts it and it's friend.i guess the upside is that the old lady is left alone to die with her stitchin' projects and her stories. the real winner here, though, is god. because later he got a job as a writer for numerous prank shows.as a kids movie, it gets a 7. as a movie about the mysteries of blind, stupid faith, and the nature of "god," it gets a 10.

but how can you stand to mange a baseball team that can't win. for george knox, it is not easy. as the movie opens, roger beaumont (joseph-gordon-levitt) and his best friend j.p (milton davis jr.) are riding on thier bikes around the angels' stadium. when they return to thier foster mother's home, roger is suprised to have a visit from his dad (dermot mulroney). his mom is dead! and when he asks his father when they going to be a family again, he father jokes "i say when the angels win the division championship" so later on, roger and j.p hide in a tree to watch the angels play baseball. when the manger george knox (danny glover) take out his pitcher, the pitcher gets mad and gets into a fight with him, and soon the angels team get into the fightm that gets knox ejected from the game. that night roger makes a prayer, for the angles win the championship. when his foster mother maggie nelson (brenda ficker) agrees that roger and j.p go to a basball, roger sees real angles come on the field and helps the left fielder (matthew mcconaughey) makes a catch, that leaves the manger and the play-by-play man (jay. o sanders) how did he to that. roger learns from the head angel (christopher lloyd) that only he can see the angles, because he was the only that prayed for help. 10/10

with all the "adult" innuendos in todays family movies its nice to see one where you don't have to worry about that and can just sit back and enjoy a family with your kids. yes, this movie might have a few swear-words (there's that time where knox swears, but they don't let you hear the full words), but for the most part this movie is truly as clean as they come (and that's including movies from back in the day). not only that, its very enjoyable, one of my favorites, and just a great clean and fun movie to watch with the family.the only thing i have against this movie is that it is too short and i wish there could be more of some of the memorable parts that are in it, i'm not going to mention them because i don't want any spoilers here.all in all nicely done and a great movie to watch; so go out and get the kids, make some cookies, and watch this movie!

yeah, the archetype of a simple but inspirational movie. the very end when the entire crowd in the stadium gets up and the people raise their hands gives me a chill whenever i see it. that's just brilliant. joseph is wonderful as the lonely and sad kid who has so far been disappointed by anyone and anything in his life. the way he interacts with danny glover and tries to make him believe in the magic and the angels is funny and exhilarating. a very nice family movie with - i concede - a rather corny happy end. but hey, it doesn't really matter, the movie retains its basic quality by the good acting and the inspirational themes.

"angels in the outfield" was originally a 1951 movie from the ted turner library; disney remade it in 1994, this time, using the california angels (now the los angeles angels) as the team (disney used to own this and the anaheim mighty ducks hockey team; also, good use of the words, huh?????).this movie was about a couple of orphaned children who wanted a family. a man promised the boys a family, only if the angels won the pennant. so, he called upon god one night about this. the boy who prayed could see the help coming on the way (and only that boy); for instance, when the first angel had come down, a player hit a ball so hard not only did the bat break, so did the ball!!!!! for much of the post-all star season of 1994, the angels were at the top of the al west (of which my home team the rangers is one and it still is). however, they lost a game because the boy was at court instead of the white sox/angels game (there was no central division in baseball back then, hence chicago being in the west), and no angels were there to help. thus, a new rule was created: no angels can help in championship games. but wait! in the final championship game, the angels won!!!!! it was a miracle indeed!what i liked about this film: this is a good movie. i mean, i prayed every night for the last few years asking for help with school and stuff; look at me now! my work was good!!!!! so for one, this shows that if you believe, god can send his angels down to help you with any troubles that you may have in life. and second, this is a family baseball movie, which is always exciting. this is an old disney movie, too; i've seen this just recently on the new disney channel (blech!!!!!)."angels in the outfield" will change your life forever once you've seen it!!!!!10/10

this movie is perfect for families to watch together. it is a great film and it deserves more credit. the special effects are stunning and spectacular. everyone who has children should share this with theirs.

christopher lloyd is funny and really believable as "al the head angel". this movie is much better than the first, but it has great special effects that the first did not have as well as a much better plot and writing.ok - it was written for kids, but adults have as much fun as the kids do. tony danza does a very realistic job in his role - but this is not a taxi reunion.danny glover is actually good and even seems to be very human in his emotions as well as showing some real acting talent for a change, a pleasant change.watch at least once - it is worth the effort to catch it.

this movie was one of the best disney movies i've ever seen. great for the entire family to watch. the ideas may be a little far-fetched, but it's a feel-good comedy and the acting is great. love the little boy, j.p. and academy award winner adrien brody's part may have been very short, but very memorable. highly recommended.

one of disney's best films that i can enjoy watching often. you may easily guess the outcome, but who cares? its just plain fun escape for 1 hour forty-two minutes. and after all wasn't movies meant to get away from reality for just a short time anyway? the cast sparkles with delight. -magictrain

one of disney's best films that i can enjoy watching often. you may easily guess the outcome, but who cares? its just plain fun escape for 1 hour forty-two minutes. and after all wasn't movies meant to get away from reality for just a short time anyway? the cast sparkles with delight. -magictrain

great movie and the family will love it!! if kids are bored one day just pop the tape in and you'll be so glad you did!!!~~~rubei luv raven-s!

i happened to catch this movie on cable one afternoon. i have to admit that i've never been a big baseball fan, but i can sometimes get into a good sports-related movie. what i found more interesting was the depiction of the foster family system. as a therapist who has seen both the good and the bad of the community mental health and foster system, i though it was rather refreshing to see a movie that showed both the ups and downs of this system: people jumping from family to family, biological parents not always taking an active involvement, and transitions that can be but heart-wrenching and heart-melting. joseph gordon-levitt and danny glover are the anchor of this film, and both bring very believable performances. maybe it was just my emotional state, but i did find myself shedding a tear at the end of the film.

the quality of this movie is simply unmatched by any baseball title of its time. pam dixon branches out in the film industry to recruit blue-chip prospects and make this work of art a must-see. academy award winners brenda fricker (home alone: lost in new york, a time to kill), ben johnson (the last picture show, red dawn), and adrien brody (the pianist, the village) amplify the atmosphere of the movie, drawing in an anxious audience. however, the dramatic performances are neutralized by quirky radio broadcaster jay o. sanders (jfk, the day after tomorrow).the story is centralized around a foster child, up-and-coming actor joseph gordon-levitt (brick, the lookout). sidekick milton davis jr. delivers a tear-jerking performance as the longtime friend who never knew his parents. the two don't have much, but what they do have: angels' baseball, and what they are seeking: identity. that's when 4-time emmy nominee danny glover (lethal weapon, predator 2) comes in to save the day as frustrated angels manager, george knox. in relation, all characters in the story seem to have the same mission: search within themselves to find out who they really are.depressed over the fact that roger (jgl) is separated from his father, he wishes to god for reunification if the angels can take the pennant. odds are astronomical, but 3-time emmy winner christopher lloyd (back to the future, my favorite martian) comes in as the omniscient overseer to work a little magic (pun). before you know it, al (lloyd) is sitting with roger in the stands, snacking on cracker jacks, and causing some of baseball's biggest boners! dorothy kingsley and george wells' (dk oscar nominee gw oscar winner) 1951 screenplay is done justice under the finger of mastermind william dear (nominated in directors guild of america). he includes a touching side story centered around pitcher mel clark, played by tony danza (4-time golden globe nominee, emmy nominee), who in relation to all other cast members is just trying to find his place in a confused anaheim. clark has been dubbed a wash-up, a once big-name in cinci, but he has something to prove to manager knox.spoiling this nail-biting plot would simply be the equivalent to committing adultery in the 18th century. this one is a diamond in the rough, and it will keep you on the edge of the seat until all come to peace. did i mention a cameo by matthew mcconaughey (a time to kill, we are marshall) for all you ladies out there?

i have to say despite it's reviews angels in the outfield was a pretty good movie. i like the fact how it teaches kids to always have faith and never give up because yes miracles can happen. unlike the other baseball movies this one particular movie stood out because of hits amazing special effects and well orchestrated soundtrack which was very interesting. though i liked this movie it did have some flaws such as some irrelevancy (i.e. towards the end when ray mitchell hits a homer he doesn't step on the plate and therefore that wouldn't be a score. but that's just nitpicking.) i have to say i was really impressed with this movie's presence and moral: just have faith, don't give up.

this movie, while seemingly based off of a movie of the same title in 1951 released by mgm and starring janet leigh, is still a great film. danny glover in one of his best performances brings george knox, a down on his luck baseball manager with a short temper, to life. as for this movie being "stacked", how about adding christopher lloyd (his stage experience works and shows through in his performances on screen, a wonderful actor), joseph gordon-levitt (third rock from the sun), brenda fricker (a charming and well seasoned irish actress), tony danza (yes even he is good in this film), matthew mcconaughey (he stole the show in dazed and confused, and his role may not be as pivotal in this film, but he got exposure), adrien brody (what i said about matthew mcconaughey goes the same for adrien, except the dazed and confused part), some great character actors like taylor negron (david), tony longo (messmer), jay o. sanders (ranch wilder), neal mcdonough (whitt bass) and a seasoned veteran in one of his final performances, ben johnson (hank murphy, the owner of the california angels), and the rest of the cast does a great job, plus a great storyline that is uplifting to pretty much anyone, i don't care what recesses of depression you're in. i loved this film as a kid, and it brings back memories when i watch it today. i need this on dvd. i recommend it to any parent who's looking for something their kids have not seen, and everybody else, for that matter.

one piece of trivia that is often forgotten about this family film is one of business.at the time, in 1994, this movie held the record for the biggest movie premiere in motion picture history (and may continue to hold). it was held in pittsburgh, pennsylvania - no doubt in honor of the original film's "angels" who "haunted" the pittsburgh pirates. in this remake they "haunt" the california angels.anyway, the premiere was held at the long gone three rivers stadium which was the home of the pittsburgh pirates and the pittsburgh steelers at the time (the pirates are now housed in pnc park and the steelers at heinz field). the premiere was held on a movie screen that was five stories in height inside the stadium and held (and may even continue to hold) the record for the largest movie premiere in history, shown to 60,000 fans. danny glover, tony danza and christopher lloyd were all in attendance to the admiration of thousands of sports fans.

this film was pretty good. i am not too big a fan of baseball, but this is a movie that was made to help understand the meaning of love, determination, heart, etc.danny glover, joseph gordon-levitt, brenda fricker, christopher lloyd, tony danza, and milton davis jr. are brought in with a variety of talented actors and understanding of the sport. the plot was believable, and i love the message. william dear and the guys put together a great movie.most sports films revolve around true stories or events, and they often do not work well. but this film hits a 10 on the perfectness scale, even though there were a few minor mistakes here and there.10/10

this was a top-notch movie with a top-notch cast. danny glover, tony danza, joseph gordon-levitt, and especially christopher lloyed are well-cast in this charming movie about real-life angels helping the angels baseball team. you never know, it could happen. i loved lloyd's role in it. he was hilarious. the story is about turning your life around, as the kid's belief in angels helped turn around angry, hardened, and embittered manager glover see the best in people. the movie was well made and also about seeing the best in people and reaching your dreams. it was funny, charming, touching, and sad, all very nicely done. you will like (or love) it. i guarantee.*** out of ****

i saw this film on tv many years ago and i saw this film when i got this on tape. i thought that this was reasonably well done. it was not the best of all movies, but it was good enough. the movie has enough talent to inspire many people, especially younger kids. the acting was good, with danny glover leading the cast. the plot line was not very believable, but the script was well written. this movie can also be the interest of avid baseball fans. it does not directly apply to a action-packed sports movie. it directly applies to a nice film that you can watch with your family and learn some messages that are hidden in this film. overall, the film was good, but not great. i give this a movie a 7/10.

i think this is a lovely family movie. there are plenty of hilarious scenes and heart-warming moments to be had throughout the movie. the actors are great and the effects well executed throughout. danny glover plays george knox who manages the terrible baseball team 'the angels' and is great throughout the film. also fantastic are the young actors joseph gordon-levitt and milton davis jr. christopher lloyd is good as al 'the angel' and the effects are great in this top notch disney movie. a touching and heart-warming movie which everyone should enjoy.

at first you think another disney movie, it might be good, but it's a kids movie. but when you watch it, you can't help but enjoy it. all ages will love this movie. i first saw this movie when i was 10 and now 8 years later i still love it! danny glover is superb and could not play the part any better. christopher lloyd is hilarious and is perfect for the part. tony danza is so believable as mel clark. you can't help, but to enjoy this movie! i give it a 10/10!

although i don't usually go for relentlessly heartwarming fare like this, i happened to catch the 1994 version of angels in the outfield (aito) on cable one saturday morning just as it was starting. being an adrien brody fan, i was curious to see what brody was like as a youth of 21 (20 when he filmed it, i suppose) in this early role as danny hemmerling, utility infielder for the california angels (in the 1951 original, the hard-luck baseball team was the pittsburgh pirates. the name change is a nice touch, since it turns the title into wordplay). i decided to give the flick a chance, and it turned out to be a pretty painless, even amiable experience, with a decent balance of laughs, tears, sweetness, and baseball-based excitement. also, my 7-year-old daughter liked the angel effects! :-) directed by mike nesmith's frequent collaborator william dear, aito is the story of roger (joseph gordon-levitt), a foster child who prays real hard after his ne'er-do-well dad (the convincingly sleazy dermot mulroney) sarcastically says they'll be a family again once the last-place california angels win the pennant. soon roger starts seeing real angels at the angels' games, led by christopher lloyd, whose usual zany, eccentric irreverence keeps aito from plummeting irretrievably into the schmaltz zone. crusty manager george knox (danny glover in world-weary, exasperated mode) is a hard sell, but once the team starts winning, he believes roger's angel sightings, and soon knox has roger and his cute li'l pal and fellow foster kid j.p. (the adorable milton davis jr.) at every angels game for good luck. knox even starts toning down his own temperamental outbursts and profane language, as much to appease the angels as for the kids' sake, resulting in a funny bit when he starts dressing down an umpire in his usual way but starts editing himself as he goes along. predictable obstacles ensue, such as obnoxious sportcaster ranch wilder (jay o. sanders) trying to make trouble for knox because of the angel angle. sure, it all works out fine for our heroes in the end, but they're so darn amiable you don't mind! :-) baby-faced brody has a couple of good lines (i especially like his exchange with glover about the emotional impact of the national anthem at a ballgame) as well as a cute bit where a pretty blonde angel massages his shoulders before he goes up to bat. brody isn't the only future star in aito's lineup: his teammates include matthew mcconaughey and neal mcdonough, and of course, young gordon-levitt went on to co-star in tv's 3rd rock from the sun as well as such films as 10 things i hate about you. the always-amusing taylor negron and oscar winners (but not for this film :-) brenda fricker and ben johnson lend able support. if you're a baseball fan who wants to rent a movie appropriate for the kids and check out some notable young actors before they became stars, aito '94 will do nicely.

i really enjoyed this movie as a young kid. at that age i thought that the silly baseball antics were funny and that the movie was "cool" because of it's about sports. now, several years later, i can look back and see what a well designed movie this was. this movie opened my eyes as a small child to the struggles other children dealt with and real world issues. that kind of exposure is largely lacking in kids movies these days which i don't think is to our society's benefit. sure the baseball antics seem really dumb now, but they drew kids in. no seven year old is going to ask to see a movie about foster children, but they will ask to see a movie about baseball. disney realized this fact and took advantage of it to teach these children an important lesson about the world.as a young adult the performance of al and the other angels seems far less impressive, however i will give credit to the actors playing both children and danny glover who all did a fantastic job.

that was definitely the case with angels in the outfield. it was on tv last night and i believe i hadn't seen the film since my sophomore year in high school and i'm now in my 4th year of college. although the film has many flaws, it is just so touching that you can't help but sit down, watch it, and enjoy yourself. it is also hilarious. danny glover's ranting is just so over the top that you can't help but laugh out loud at him at most time. it adds to the film and i'm sure it's exactly what the director wanted. you actually feel for the characters in the film even though the development isn't the best. a must see. i highly recommend.8/10

i enjoy movies like this for their spirit, no pun intended. its a decent, clean movie about a baseball team that's falling behind, and a young fan wishes for them to win, since his deadbeat dad said that was the only way he'd come back for him. the spirit shines through in two ways: a funny cast with danny glover and a young joseph gordon-levitt, and the heavenly herald al, taking the dynamic form of christopher lloyd. its an energetic movie. it gets you smiling, and really involves you in the sport. therein lies my gripe. the one thing that kinda bugs me is these sports movies that kind of turn you into an unexpecting fan for the team. there's absolutely nothing wrong with that. i just find it odd that i should come away from the movie thinking the angels are a strong, cool team, when really my base loyalty, such as it is, lies with the toronto blue jays. it's interesting, really. if it's just a movie about an underdog kids team, then its okay.

i have always like this great baseball movie! it has a good cast including two tremendous actors and two of my favorites danny glover and christopher lloyd! also in this movie is ben johnson, brenda fricker, big tony longo, tony danza, and matthew mcconaughey! also jay o. sanders and dermot mulroney! the film has great special effects and acting from all of the film's actors! the baseball scenes are all realistic! the music by composer randy edelman is very good and it fits the film very well! some of the actors who reminded me the actual baseball personalities. stoney jackson's ray mitchell character reminded me royce clayton, mcconaughey's character reminded me of steve finley, and jay o. sanders's commentator in my opinion resembled how al hrabosky looks today. this is a fantastic movie for non and baseball fans and i strongly recommend this film!

as a baseball die-hard, this movie goes contrary to what i expect in a sports movie: authentic-looking sports action, believable characters, and an original story line. while "angels in the outfield" fails miserably in the first category, it succeeds beautifully in the latter two. "angels" weaves the story of roger and j.p., two anaheim foster kids in love with baseball but searching for a family, with that of the woebegone angels franchise, struggling to draw fans and win games. pushed by his deadbeat father's promise that they would be a family only when the angels win the pennant, roger asks for some heavenly help, and gets it in the form of diamond-dwelling spirits bent on reversing the franchise's downward spiral. and, when short-fused manager george knox (portrayed by danny glover) begins believing in what roger sees, the team suddenly has hope for turning their season around--and roger and j.p. find something to believe in. glover in particular gives a nice performance, and tony danza, playing a washed-up pitcher, also does well, despite clearly having zero idea of how to pitch out of the windup!

the movie only enter the cinema in indonesia this year (2007), two years after it's official release, and after many illegal dvd's had found its way to the public. apparently the popularity of the illegal dvd's lead to the release into the theaters, with still public coming to watch.the movie is a great epic, bringing japanese culture into your house in an exiting way. in a sometimes humorist way, the story is told about a theater writer who writes a story for his theater, since the regular kabuki theater plays is something he finds boring.at first, the audience might be a little bit confused about which story we are following, but when the story unfolds, we see that the love between a male human and a female demon leads to a great story for a new kabuki theater piece.the audience is left in the dark if this is a story that is supposed to really have happened in japanese traditions and mythology, but that doesn't matter.the way the story is told with a love for theater, expression, vivid colors, humor and tragedy, makes this a great ride on the roller-coaster of japanese cinema as well as theater.let yourself go completely when you watch this movie, try to see it in a cinema instead of on your television at home.one critical point though: the soundtrack is sometimes a little bit annoying. though most of it is great music, there are a few moments in the movie that i think they should have chosen some more dramatic music. but maybe the fact that the story contains moments of humor made the director choose for lighter moments in music as well.

i went to see ashura as 2005 fantasia festival kickoff. man, that was one cool kick off. the director was supposed to be in montreal for the canadian premiere, but due to health reasons, he's still in japan...oh lord i hope he gets better and makes plenty of other movies.the plot is pretty simple, but somewhat original...the demons are roaming in edo in japan and swordsmans called "demon wardens" are slaying them and fearing the rebirth of ashura, the demon goddess who's sleeping and supposedly is very kick-ass.it brings us to izumo...some kind of elite swordsman called "demon slayer" and his buddy jaku who's the typical violent jealous asshole...seems boring? well now it thickens....izumo took his retirement from killing demons since he slayed a young kid on the "impression" that he was the demon, he never knew, but he did killed her. so izumo went on with his life and recycled himself in kabuki theater. in a boat joyride on a nice night, izumo spots a girl hiding on a bridge and it changes his life and restart to slay demons...for the good cause, the cause of love...and damn...the guy knows how to handle a sword and to pull an entertaining massacre.izumo carries the movie as far as playing goes...he is the total package...he knows how to fight(hell yeah he knows), he's witty, he's intelligent and he has that grit. you never have to yell :"no izumo, it's a trap" the guy already knows it he has that common sense. he's really the perfect hero.as far as cinematography goes, the esthetics are pretty interesting. it's by far, the movie that looks the most like a manga. it's creamed full of special effects and nothing, at all cost will prevent this movie to look realistic...it's pretty amazing. lots of colours an "unreal" photography, other than that...it's pretty straightforward...but like i said, the main character is carrying the movie a must see, a tale lead by masterful hands

japan is in serious trouble. demons have infested edo, taking possession of earthly forms and bending them to their unholy will. on top of that, the rebirth of ashura, queen of the demons, is nigh. the only thing that stands against this grave threat are the demon wardens, a fearsome group of warriors, who might just be as bad as the demons themselves.izumo is a retired demon warden, who five years ago, took up theater instead of demon slaying after accidentally killing a innocent child (in a battle that's strangely reminiscent of the bar scene from dusk till dawn). one night by a chance encounter he meets a beautiful and mysterious woman named tsubaki. their fortunes intertwine (literally) and they are bound by fate to be lovers and enemies.if you think this sounds like your typical japanese fantasy/swordplay epic, you'd be wrong. in fact, there's nothing typical about ashura. it is a hodge-podge of many different genre's of film. those just mentioned, as well as a comedy, drama, and romance. director yojiro takita (onmyoji) juggles the genre's fairly respectfully (although, the comedy seems forced in some scenes) and the end result is a ridiculous, but really fun popcorn movie.to be sure, there are flaws in the film. some of the humor seems contrived, and out of place. and the acting isn't the greatest. but seriously, do you watch fantasy/swordplay/comedy films for the great acting performances?? no, we watch them for the action and the crazy cg visuals, all of which ashura has in spades. not to be misleading, the film is not all action, but it is spaced out generously enough with lots of swordplay and buckets of green blood to keep the average viewer happy.bottom line; the films has it's faults and is not a martial arts epic, but it doesn't try to be and it features interesting visuals and good swordplay action. the reason the film worked for me is that it never takes itself too seriously and if the viewer does the same, their sure to be delighted by this fun and silly swordplay fantasy action flick.my rating 7 out of 10. fun popcorn movie.

set in japan, ashura is the story of demons taking over the earth. the premise is far more complicated, but the arching storyline should not be forgotten. japan is in turmoil, with demons occupying human form roaming the lands. generally speaking demons look and act like humans, but are evil. the japanese word they use is not just demons, but rather the classical form of 'ogre' which is a mythological creature of some historic stature. we're talking about creatures that would appear more like gods than simple ugly child-eating monsters.however in human form all that remains is the green eyes and green teeth, which appear when put under any sort of stress. in order to save the world from demons there are demon-slayers. trained and skilled warriors who can spot and defeat most every kind of demon, and who guard the passage-way between the realm of hell and that of the real world. these are the basic premises.the story begins with a festival in a local town. amid these festivities, 3 men ride in, dressed in all black, seemingly intent on doing harm. the villagers run, excepting those which are demonic in nature, who turn green-eyed and try to kill them. the demon-slayers end up killing off the majority of the demons. from here the story gets interesting. the whole essence of the story begins when at the gate to hell a fortune-telling demon appears before the 3 gate-keepers, revealing the arrival of ashura. with it, comes the end of the reign of man, and begins the reign of demons. ashura however requires some form of birthing process, the first step of which occurred during the opening battle, but which won't be revealed to you until you see the film. the 3 demon-slayers are a wise old man, a powerful yet unprincipled man, and a skilled and compassionate warrior. immediately you can see the split between them, the old man wanting to stop the demons, the powerful one wanting to bend them to his increasing ego maniacal wishes and the third looking to stop the second. along the way he meets a woman who he begins to take fancy to, and believes himself to have a special relationship with. she in turn is a brigand who is good-natured, sought after by authorities. when the two finally meet face to face, he places his hand on her shoulder, and suddenly she is scathed by a mark on her shoulder. needless to say, the mark is not a good sign. what ensues is a battle for earth, a battle between both good and evil, as it should be, but also between good and good itself.the point for me of this film became something other than what i thought it would. i came in thinking it would either be a fast-paced action style film with demons, or a horror film with macabre evil and foul creatures the likes of which would be seen in ringu and ju-on. i was however mistaken in the best possible way. the story it seemed to me is an adaptation of a very old japanese play, and it plays itself out as such, combining the essentially action driven adrenaline scenes with a great concept, an amazing narrative, and a style which makes you compelled to think rather than just sit wallowing in gore. many scenes are painted with luxurious dialogue between two characters the likes of which will never be seen in a hollywood film. it becomes a practically theatrical experience which takes your breath away.the film makes use of some immaculate scenery and camera-work comparable to many great samurai films of our days, but adding to it a well-thought and classical plot. with great acting, great music, and thoroughly stunning scenes, its a must watch in my book.that being said, it does need the disclaimer that it is not for everyone. its not cheap thrills horror, its not balls to the wall action. its a horror style play thats been filmed. it has very much to say and takes the time to do so, flying in the face of the conventional one-liners. like japanese plays, the exchanges between the characters can last for many minutes before they come together for a quick yet marvelous battle scene. if you can enjoy such a thing, this is a masterpiece. if your idea of a good film is slasher flicks with little plot and excessive nudity, then you can easily watch something else.overall, this film to me is a unique and amazing one, which keeps you riveted and amused. it has good writing, good acting, and good direction. it is all in all a solidly great film.

master director ching siu tung's perhaps most popular achievement is this series, a chinese ghost story 1-3. chinese ghost story stars leslie cheung in some distant past in china as a tax collector who is forced to spend a night during his "collecting trip" in a mysterious castle in which some strange old warriors fight and meet him. beautiful actress joey wang/wong is the ghost who lives in that castle and is under a domination of one powerful demon, a wood devil who collects human souls for herself/itself with the help of her beautiful ghosts. leslie and joey fall in love, and even though ghosts are not allowed to live with humans, they decide to break that rule and live happily together for the rest of their lives. this is not what the wood devil thinks and our protagonists have to fight for their lives and their happiness.this film is no less full of magic than other films by ching siu tung. his masterpieces include duel to the death (1983) and the swordsman series, which all have incredible visuals and kinetic power in their action scenes. ghost story is full of brilliant lightning and dark atmosphere, which is lightened by the strong presence of the beautiful and good willing ghost. the effects are simply breath taking and would work at their greatest power in the big screen. the camera is moving and twisted all the time and it adds to the fairy tale atmosphere this film has. there's plenty of wire'fu stunts, too, and even though some think they are and look gratuitous or stupid when used in films, i cannot agree and think they give motion pictures the kind of magic, freedom and creativeness any other tool could not give. when people fly in these films, it means the films are not just about our world, and they usually depict things larger than life with the power of this larger than life art form.the story about the power of love is pretty touching and warm, but the problem is (again) that the characters are little too shallow and act unexplainably occasionally. leslie and joey should have been written with greater care and their characters should be even more warm, deep and genuine in order to give the story a greater power and thus make the film even more noteworthy and important achievement. also, the message about love and power of it is underlined little too much at one point and it should have been left just to the viewer's mind to be interpreted and found. another negative point about the dialogue is that it's too plenty and people talk in this film without a reason. that is very irritating and sadly shows the flaws many scriptwriters tend to do when they write their movies. people just talk and talk and it's all there just to make everything as easy to understand as possible and so the film is not too challenging or believable as it has this gratuitous element. just think about the films of the japanese film maker takeshi kitano; his films have very little dialogue and all there is is all the necessary as he tells his things by other tools of cinema and never talks, or makes other characters talk too much in his movies. this is just the talent the writers should have in order to write greater scripts.otherwise, chinese ghost story is very beautiful and visually breath taking piece of eastern cinema, and also the song that is played in the film is very beautiful and hopefully earned some award in the hong kong film awards back then. i give chinese ghost story 7/10 and without the flaws mentioned above, this would without a doubt be almost perfect masterpiece of the fantasy genre.

i can't remember many films where a bumbling idiot of a hero was so funny throughout. leslie cheung is such the antithesis of a hero that he's too dense to be seduced by a gorgeous vampire... i had the good luck to see it on a big screen, and to find a video to watch again and again. 9/10

this is a great movie. i like it where ning climbs down to get his ink, and the skeletons chase him, but luckily he dodged them, opened the window, and didn't even notice them. xiao qian is very pretty too. & when he stuck the needle up ma wu's butt, its hysterical. and when he is saying love is the greatest thing on earth while standing between two swords is great too. then also the part where he eats his buns while watching thew guy kill many people. then you see him chanting poems as he ran to escape the wolves. the love scenes are romantic, xiao qian and ning look cute together. add the comic timing, the giant tongue, and u have horror, romance, comedy, all at once. not to mention superb special effects for the 90s.

wasn't quite sure what to expect with this one, outside of the uniform positive reviews i've read. turns out, i could have never imagined this movie, because it's very close to "the bride with white hair" in being operatic and dealing with the fantastic. this walks a fine line between being a farce, a comedy, and just plain good old fashion ghost story telling. there's nothing scary about it, that's not the theme, it's really mostly a love story dealing with a bumbling guy who encounters a beautiful ghost, who is in a lot of trouble with other ghosts. so the main theme is the guy trying to save the beautiful ghost. this also takes place in ancient china, with wild outlandish kung fu exhibitions, and a trip to hell (more or less). some of the stop-action ghosts are pretty cool, and the visual effects are top rate all the way. i could watch this genre of chinese movies all day, because they are highly entertaining, great visuals, and pretty much tongue-in-cheek. and i'm looking forward to watching the first sequel of this movie also. highly recommended.

a chinese ghost story stars the late, great leslie cheung as ling choi sin, a penniless tax collector who decides to spend the night at a deserted temple, where he meets and falls for a beautiful woman called tsing (joey wang). when ling discovers that tsing is actually a ghost who has been forced to seduce victims for an evil tree spirit who feeds on 'chi' (life force), he decides to try and free the girl by giving her remains a proper burial. enlisting the help of swordsman yin (wu ma), a crazy taoist monk, ling successfully defeats the tree spirit, but must also do battle in hell against the evil lord black, to whom tsing is due to be wed.the first hong kong film that i saw which wasn't purely martial arts action, a chinese ghost story opened my eyes to the incredible world of asian fantasy horror, a magical realm inhabited by beautiful female ghosts, bumbling innocent heroes, sword wielding taoist monks, monstrous spirits, and dark lords of the underworld; i instantly fell in love with the film's exuberance, energy, humour, inventiveness and visual excellence.two decades later, and this amazing movie still remains one of the finest examples of its genre that i have seena sumptuous, breathtaking masterpiece that brilliantly blends horror, comedy, fantasy and romance. with superb direction from siu-tung ching, excellent editing from david wu, stunning cinematography, and a whole slew of imaginative special effects (including a humongous killer tongue, a many tentacled monster, and multiple flying heads!), a chinese ghost story is a completely unforgettable and thoroughly enjoyable experience from start to finish.

if there is a movie to be called perfect then this is it. so bad it wasn't intended to be that way. but superb anyway... go find it somewhere. whatever you do... do not miss it!!!

there's never a dull moment in this movie. wonderful visuals, good actors, and a classical story of the fight of good and evil. mostly very funny, sometimes even scary. a true classic, a movie everybody should see.

a mix of comedy, romance, music(?!), action and horror. a knockout. this is one of the reasons people rave about hong kong cinema. if you're looking for something totally original, look no further. entertainment at it's peak.

just read the original story which is written by pu in 18th century. strikingly, the movie despict the original spirit very well, though the plot was modified tremendously. the film language, the rhythm, the special effect are all from hollywood, but still there is a chinese core. it is amazing how hark tsui managed to combine them together. the result is pure beauty.

"chinese ghost story" is one of the most amazing hong kong films i have ever seen.it's a brilliant mix of fantasy,comedy,romance,horror and martial arts.the film has some wonderful visuals and amazing fights.i love especially the fight scene between wu ma and the tree demon tongue.truly original and refreshing film and another embalmer's fine recommendation.

cannot believe a movie that can be made that good in 1987 and is virtually unknown in the west. not to repeat other reviews here. the score is very good and moving. literally it means "dawn please never comes" - when it comes, the beautiful ghost and the lover will be apart forever. after 24 years, joel and leslie still look great. i enjoyed joel in god of gamblers and many movies by leslie including better tomorrow.

for long time i haven't seen such a good fantasy movie, magic fights here are even better than in lotr, even considering that it's a 1987 movie and haven't computer special effects. this movie have good plot, good acting and interesting ideas. recommend everybody to see it.

once in a while, a film comes along that raises the bar for every other film in its genre. a film of this caliber will influence many films following its release for years to come. `a chinese ghost story' falls in this category. it is arguably one of the best horror films made during the 1980's; possibly one of the best ever made.the filmmakers have crafted a movie that appeals to every horror fan. the story is engrossing and original. the villains are appropriately menacing and frightening. the sets are creepy and atmospheric. there is even a little blood and gore to satisfy the splatter fan of the house. but don't let the `horror' label scare you off, if you're not a fan of the genre. this film easily fits into many different categories.the screenwriter has deftly blended the drama, comedy, horror, kung fu, and romance genres into a delicious deluxe cinematic pizza. `a chinese ghost story' is a beautiful epic love story told, thankfully, without the gratuitous nudity and/or explicit sex scenes that have ruined many hollywood `love stories'. those put off by the romantic elements of the story can sit back and revel in the fast-paced swordplay and `wire-fu'. if that's not enough, actors leslie cheung and wu ma provide enough humorous situations to satiate your appetite for comedy. this film offers something for every film fan.director siu-tung ching and producer tsui hark assembled a truly amazing cast for this film. leslie cheung proves that he is not only a gifted actor, but also a talented singer and a charming physical comedian. i cannot possibly think of a performer other than cheung who could have portrayed ling choi sin better (except maybe chow yun fat). joey wang is enchanting as lit su seen, the enslaved spirit who steals the heart of cheung's character. her portrayal of the title character is truly haunting and memorable. wu ma is hilarious as the cantankerous taoist who aids the young lovers.on technical level, this film is very impressive, even by today's standards. the direction is superb. i wish that today's hollywood executives would seek out talented artists like siu-tung ching rather falling back on the usual mtv video or pepsi commercial `directors'. the cinematography is gorgeous. you have to commend any cinematographer who can make a film look good when most of its pivotal scenes take place in the dead of night. the special effects make-up is top-notch. in fact, most of the creature effects in this film blow away the shoddy cgi ghouls and goblins that have become commonplace in modern horror films.since its release, "a chinese ghost story" has spawned two worthy sequels, a full-length animated movie, and countless imitations. none of the films that followed it or copied it were able to capture the magic of this classic, however. this film is required viewing for any horror fan or just anyone looking for great way to spend 95 minutes of your time. 10 out 10.

there are 21 comments as i add mine to this list and there is barely a criticism. this is because this film is terrific entertainment and has a bit of everything in it.it is perhaps a little frightening for younger children but my 15-year old son thought it was fantastic in every way from the action, to the humour and even to the beautiful music score.i buy dvds only when i know that they are going to be regularly watched and now that this is finally available in the uk, i will certainly be adding it to my collection.

ching siu tung's and tsui hark's a chinese ghost story, aside from being one of the greatest wuxia pian films ever made, is a beautiful and romantic love story as well as an impressively choreographed martial arts film that should belong in every film lover's collection. the sorely missed hong kong superstar leslie cheung plays a traveling tax collector who spends the night at a haunted temple. while staying at the temple, he meets a colorful cast of characters that include the swordsmen yin (wu ma) and hsiao hou, the tree devil, and the beautiful ghost lit sin seen, played by the lovely joey wong.to free her from the clutches of the evil tree devil, he must reincarnate her body and travel to the underworld to defeat an even more powerful demon.enough good things can't be said about this film. the pacing is perfect, with a great combination of romance, action, fantasy and humor, and the feverishly paced finale should leave you with little chance to breathe. the chemistry between the wonderfully tragic joey wong and leslie cheung (whose legendary career ended much too soon) really allows the viewer to feel for both of them. indeed the acting on the whole is so vivacious and full of life, i would say this is one of the most fun viewing experiences i've ever had. much of the credit goes to wu ma in his portrayal of the mysterious swordsman yin. his over-the-top persona of a disillusioned swordsman hell bent on vanquishing evil leads to some great moments of humor and traditional hk drama. a wonderful score, lush cinematography with eye popping colors, and frenetic action pieces courtesy of ching siu tung round out this wonderful film. find a copy anywhere you can. 10/10

a masterpiece of comedy, a masterpiece of horror, a masterpiece of romance, if there is anything negative to say about a chinese ghost story, it might be that the special effects looked dated in comparison to modern technology. the film has a simple premise: a poor debt collector has to stay in a secluded area while trying to collect a debt. of course, it happens to be haunted as well.what i wasn't expecting the first time i saw this film is that it's one of the most touching love stories i've ever seen; that is without losing any of the slapstick comedy that will have you in stitches. unlike some films of asian cinema, a chinese ghost story isn't hard to swallow for those that aren't versed in chinese culture. indeed, it plays on timeless, cultureless themes of the paranormal and romance.think evil dead 2, if they had thrown a wonderful love story into the mix. this film is for real, despite being overlooked by many. it's absolutely among the best i've ever seen. it's ability to combine the best aspects of multiple genres, and cross cultural boundaries in order to appeal to humanity everywhere, is nothing short of fantastic. highly recommended, 10/10.

though i'm not the biggest fan of wirework based martial arts films, when a film goes straight for fantasy rather than fighting i get a lot more fun out of it and this film is one of the best in terms of fantastical plotting and crazy flying shenanigans. ching siu tung has crafted here an enchanting treat with fine performance and much ethereal beauty. the great, tragic leslie cheung plays a tax collector hero who stays the night in a haunted temple and gets involved with a stunning fox spirit and a wacky taoist. cheungs performance is filled with naive but dignified charm and wu ma is pleasingly off the wall as the taoist monk, who shows off some swordplay and even gets a musical number. perhaps best off all is joey wang as the fox spirit, truly a delight to behold with every movement and gesture entrancingly seductive. the film takes in elements of fantasy, horror, comedy and romance, all stirred together into a constantly entertaining package. ching siu tung, directing and handling the choreography gives some neat wirework thrills, and fills the film with mists, shadows and eerily enthralling benighted forest colours, giving every forest scene a wonderfully bewitching atmosphere. also notable are the elaborate hair stylings and gorgeous flowing garments of the female characters, with, if i'm not mistaken, joey wang sporting hair done up like fox ears at times, a marvellous touch. though the film features relatively little action and some perhaps ill advised cheesy pop songs at times, this is a beautiful piece of entertainment, with swell characters and plotting, even the odd neat character arc, a near constant supply of visual treats and copious dreamy atmosphere. an ethereal treasure, highly recommended.

first things first, the female lead is too gorgeous to be missed. now actress wang zu xian, the one who played xiao qian in the movie, is 42 years old and well aged. it's always good to review these glorious times when seeing old-school hongkong productions like this.the movie is one of the most influential titles made in 1980s. the art set decoration and other aesthetic facets are all mesmerizing. more fantastically the movie had a total black humorous undertone in it. it feels like a horror movie but ultimately it's not scaring, but only fun.i had the experience of translating the second script of "a chinese ghotst story", and i thought that script was a decent write. however when i saw the movie, i firstly was disappointed in seeing the movie different from the script, like in a smaller scale and involving more comic roles. however, it turned out to be better executed in terms of being entertaining.if you have seen the lord of the rings, you will notice the similarities in this movie to lotr. the climax is like a mirror of miranda otto fighting with the ring witch. it's definitely a laugh-out-loud. bravo!

sinnui yauman, is without a doubt one of the best ghost stories ever made into film. written by songling pu and directed by siu-tung ching, a chinese ghost story has it all. ling choi sin played by leslie cheung is a young man down on his luck who goes in search of a monastery for lodging, deep in the woods, a place the villagers seem very afraid to go near. the trek alone is perilous with wolves, and a crazy taoist monk lives at the temple.ling choi sin meets tsing, a beautiful and mysterious young girl who also lives nearby in a deserted temple. she is forced to seduce men for her evil mistress, but when she meets innocent ling choi sin they fall in love.ling choi sin is sort of a bumbling fool but his heart is in the right place, while tsing tries to protect him from the other spirits in the woods, he tries to protect her from the monk who is trying to kill the spirits in the woods. there's great martial arts, even a monk that breaks out into drunken song as he performs ritual taoist sword forms. the movie does a lot of traditional old martial art films acrobatics, with magic and flying through the air, leaping from tree to tree, with elegant long gowns and scarves, but the movie genuinely flows, and everything is effective.tsing is to be married to a evil tree monster, which cant be good, and we feel her plight in her home where we meet her sisters and stepmother who is truly not nice.in the end they must fight a tree witch with a deadly tongue, and go with yin deep into the heart of hell to fight a thousand year old evil to save their souls, and bring ling's ashes back to her home for a proper burial so she may have a chance at reincarnation.a beautiful story that truly pays attention to details. one is touched in many ways by this movie, you'll laugh, cry, and just have fun with the great martial arts and cinematography. and though at the end, yin and ling choi sin ride off into the morning sun under a enchanting rainbow, we never know if tsing was afforded a reincarnation, but we do know her

i saw this movie in my childhood. and after 10 years i did not remember anything about this movie but i found out it i also don't know how i was able to find out this movie. its my life. my all times favorite movie. my words will fall short of true meaning what i have inside for this movie. i follow this movie. it's a brilliant mix of fantasy, comedy, romance, horror, erotic, scary and martial arts. the story about the power of love is pretty touching and warm. it's a masterpiece of hong kong cinema.sinnui yauman, is without a doubt one of the best ghost stories ever made into film. written by songling pu and directed by siu-tung ching, a chinese ghost story has it all. ling choi sin played by leslie cheung is a young man down on his luck who goes in search of a monastery for lodging, deep in the woods, a place the villagers seem very afraid to go near. the trek alone is perilous with wolves, and a crazy taoist monk lives at the temple.ling choi sin meets tsing, a beautiful and mysterious young girl who also lives nearby in a deserted temple. she is forced to seduce men for her evil mistress, but when she meets innocent ling choi sin they fall in love.ling choi sin is sort of a bumbling fool but his heart is in the right place, while tsing tries to protect him from the other spirits in the woods, he tries to protect her from the monk who is trying to kill the spirits in the woods. there's great martial arts, even a monk that breaks out into drunken song as he performs ritual taoist sword forms. the movie does a lot of traditional old martial art films acrobatics, with magic and flying through the air, leaping from tree to tree, with elegant long gowns and scarves, but the movie genuinely flows, and everything is effective.tsing is to be married to a evil tree monster, which cant be good, and we feel her plight in her home where we meet her sisters and stepmother who is truly not nice.in the end they must fight a tree witch with a deadly tongue, and go with yin deep into the heart of hell to fight a thousand year old evil to save their souls, and bring ling's ashes back to her home for a proper burial so she may have a chance at reincarnation.a beautiful story that truly pays attention to details. one is touched in many ways by this movie, you'll laugh, cry, and just have fun with the great martial arts and cinematography. and though at the end, yin and ling choi sin ride off into the morning sun under a enchanting rainbow, we never know if tsing was afforded a reincarnation, but we do know her.

this movie is one of my favourites. it is a genre-mixture with ingredients of the action-/horror-/romantic-/comedygenre. some of the special effects may seem outdated compared to modern standards. this minor flaw is easily ignored. there is so much to discover in this story. the romantic relation between the two main characters is so beautiful that it hurts. the visuals are beautiful too. the action is great which is no surprise, it is originating from honkong, birthplace of the world's best action movies. the humour sometimes seems a little bit silly but in a good way. somehow this movie is being able to balance the different moods and keeps being good. absolutely recommended.

this is the best chinese movie i have ever seen, and, in my opinion, a lot better than hero or chrouching tiger, hidden dragon. the movie is a unique combination of several genres: it's a beautiful love story, action movie, comedy and horror at the same time. and the most amazing thing is that it really succeeds in all of this!this movie definitely makes it to my top 5, and should be enjoyable to every movie lover. the action sequences do have the traditional unrealistic jumping and even flying, but the way it's shot differs from the style of hero a lot and the flying always looks great and usually even makes sense (ghosts can fly)see this movie, you won't regret it. 10/10

this movie is incredible.with great characters,specially the old swordsman that can fly in the shape of fireball and jump across the trees,this film tells a classic story of battle between good and forces of evil.the final showdown is specially breathtaking and the music score is kinda cool.very,very recommendable.not for the smallest children though.this one deserves a 10.

i first saw this film when it was transmitted around 1988 by the bbc when i was working on uk's 2000ad. my pal steve parkhouse recorded it on vhs and sent it to me. up till this point, i'd really only seen the shaw bros kung fu movies, with their harsh lighting (so audience could see the moves clearly), so it was a revelation to me to see something that looked like it had been lit by ridley scott coming out of hong kong. this was also my first exposure to the movies of tsui hark (pronounced, apparently, "choy huk").yet for all the smoky, back-lit exteriors and ambitious special effects (stop-motion? in a hong kong movie?) at the heart of chinese ghost story lies a simple and moving love story, made all the more real by the outstanding acting talent of leslie cheung (what a tragic, tragic waste of a life!) and the beauty and elegance of joey wong. granted joey is gorgeous, but it's her balletic hand gestures that give her character an unattainable eroticism that's hard to analyse. and though joey is now almost 20 years older (gawd, which of us isn't?) this will always be the enduring image of that actress.some reviewers here have said that the film is simplistic and lacks any surprises, but they're missing the fact that this movie was based on a famous chinese story written by pu songling around 1700! that's a bit like complaining that romeo and juliet has a predictable ending and just copies west side story. (just wanted to get that off my chest!)for me, chinese ghost story is the quintessential romantic tale. it has high tragedy, because we know that chio sin and sin seen can never be together. it's about becoming mature, for none of us can mature until we've experienced great loss. it's about sacrifice, for sacrifice is an essential component of true love. and the comedy stylings of wu ma don't hurt a bit, either.enjoy chinese ghost story by trying not to view it through a filter of western culture and you'll get on with it just fine.

i saw this movie first on the berlin film festival, and i had never seen hong kong cinema before. i felt like sitting in a roller coaster: the action was so quick, and there wasn't one boring moment throughout the film. it has martial arts, love, special effects and a fantastic plot. my favorite scene is when the taoist drinks, sings and fights for himself - one of the many scenes which stress the extraordinary musical component of the movie. this film is a definite must!!

by 1987 hong kong had given the world such films as sammo hung's `encounters of the spooky kind' chow yun fat in john woo's iconic `a better tomorrow', `zu warriors' and the classic `mr vampire'. jackie chan was having international success on video, but it was with `a chinese ghost story' that hk cinema had its first real crossover theatrical hit in the west for many years.western filmgoers had never seen anything like it. it was a film that took various ingredients that hk cinema had used for years (flying swordsman, wildly choreographed martial arts and the supernatural) and blended them to create a film that was unique in its look, feel and execution. forget the poor and unnecessary sequels it spawned, this is the original and best.director siu-tung ching (still best known as an action choreographer on such films as woo's `a better tomorrow 2'/'the killer') has, under the watchful eye of legendary producer tsui hark, created a masterpiece of fantasy/horror cinema. and with such an expert crew at his disposal (no less than 6 martial arts coordinators) the chances of the film being anything but wonderful would be unthinkable.the editing by the amazingly prolific david wu (who wrote/directed `the bride with white hair 2' and edited such classic titles as `a better tomorrow 1/2/3', `hardboiled' and the cult hit `the club') is quite simply a work of genius. his crafting of the perfectly choreographed high flying, tree climbing sword fights makes them some of the best hk cinema has ever created. fast moving, outlandish but never confusing they are, even today, the pinnacle of their art.the crew of cinematographers have also done miracles. this is a film where every shot is an expertly crafted painting. where wonderful blue tinged night sequences, shrouded in an ever-present ghostly fog, are the breathtaking platform for our story to unfold. it's a film where everything is used to weave a dreamlike beauty. even the silken robes and dresses worn by hsiao tsing become living parts of the movie, whether in romantic sequences or battle scenes the ever present silk flows across the screen. even a simple scene where hsiao tsing changes robes is turned into a thing of fluttering beauty as every skill on the set combines to create a most memorable scene from such a simple act. the sets are also amazing, giving an other worldly sense to the forests, and the temple and harshness to the scorched, flag filled wasteland of hell for the amazing finale. the production design by zhongwen xi deserves the highest praise.another major factor to the films success is the music by romeo diaz and james wong. hong kong films have given us some fantastic music and songs that have added so much to the success of a sequence, but on `a chinese ghost story' the music is, quite simply, vital. from the opening song onwards the music becomes as important as the characters.the score is a perfect mixture of modern and traditional instruments. drums, bells and guitars pound away over the action sequences to great effect, but it's in the slower, achingly romantic pieces that it comes into it's own. here; flutes, strings and female choral effects create what are possibly the finest pieces of music heard in an hk film. add to this the female vocal, stunningly beautiful song that plays over tsau-shen's and hsiao tsing's love making, (nothing is ever seen, but the effect is wonderful. this is lovingly innocent movie romance) and you have a shining example of the power a film's music can have.and we of course have the acting talent. leslie cheung (`a better tomorrow 1 & 2' and a very popular singer) is outstanding as the innocent tax collector. his work in the (thankfully mild) comic sequences is never over the top and his scenes with joey wang are played with just the right amount of passion and innocence.joey wang (who would later be mostly relegated to support roles in films like the chow yun fat/andy lau classic "god of gamblers") has never looked more radiant than how she does here. she is the epitome of ethereal beauty. her portrayal of the tragic hsiao tsing is stunning. she shows her characters sadness at what she has become and what she is made to do, but also gives off a subtle eroticism in the scenes where she is luring the men to their gruesome deaths. veteran actor wu ma (`mr. vampire', `swordsman') is great fun as the wise, brave, but ever so grumpy, yen. he treads a fine line between the eccentric and the annoying with practised ease. and what so easily could have been a character that could have harmed the film is actually wonderfully entertaining and memorable.but what about the monsters and beasties?, i hear you cry. well they range from the rather crude but fun stop motion/animatronic zombies that inhabit the temple (resulting in a great running gag with constantly thwarted attempts to munch on the amusingly unsuspecting tsau-shen), to the rather cheesy but surprisingly effective lord black. complete with an arsenal of vicious flying heads, and quite outstanding wire work. most of which has, to this day, never been topped.but the most outstanding effect and creation is the tree spirit's killer tongue. we first encounter this thing with an `evil dead' style rushing camera effect as it powers down its victims throats to deliver a lethal french kiss that turns the victims into zombiefied husks. but later it's shown in all its crazy glory. it can grow so big and long that it shoots through the forest after prey, rips apart trees, wraps itself around buildings and coils it's slimy length around people before picking them up and throwing them against tree trunks!! it can even split open to reveal a fang filled mouth! it's an outrageous idea that given the deeply romantic main plot shouldn't work. but it does, to fantastic and unforgettable effect.so what all this adds up to is a classic example of hong kong movie making. a true team effort that has given us a truly ground breaking movie. it's a film packed with wit, invention, action, monsters, martial arts, ghosts, fantastic ideas, lush visuals, beautiful music, and most important to it's enduring charm, one of cinemas most moving romances.

this anime was underrated and still is. hardly the dorky kids movie as noted, i still come back to this 10 years after i first saw it. one of the better movies released.the animation while not perfect is good, camera tricks give it a 3d feel and the story is still as good today even after i grew up and saw ground-breakers like neon genesis evangelion and rahxephon. it has nowhere near the depth obviously but try to see it from a lighthearted view. it's a story to entertain, not to question.still one of my favourites i come back too when i feel like a giggle on over more lighthearted animes. not to say its a childish movies, there are surprisingly sad moments in this and you need a sense of humour to see it all.

i felt compelled to write a review for space cobra as it has received a good score of 7.3 stars but only a few of the reviews at the time of me writing this were particularly positive. a strange situation and hopefully my positive review will point people towards this old and mostly forgotten anime movie. space cobra is the funky tale of a smuggler and rogue who becomes involved with the three sisters of an ancient and dead planet and an evil force who wants to harness the planets powers. this is an old movie and the animation shows, but what it lacks in modern sophistication it makes up with an abundance of charm. space cobra is very much geared to a western audience and very easy to watch. there are few if any references to specific japanese culture and great for anime novices to watch and enjoy. space cobra himself is witty and likable. i cannot say how much of this is due to the english dub or the intentions of the maker, but this is one of the few japanese comedy characters that i find truly funny. the style is very sixties barbarellish with a fantastic soundtrack by yello. the style is colourful and imaginative and there is constant action to move the story along. the strangest aspect of this movie is how it begins as a comedy and ends on a very downbeat dramatic note. i cannot think of another anime or general movie that has been able to do this so seamlessly and convincingly. you barely realise that it is happening, but it is done so subtly and seems perfectly natural. you also really feel the characters went on a journey and they're lives were changed by the whole experience. check out if you can.

it was an excellent piece to the puppet series because this film showed all of the series, from one to seven. and this was about one woman trying to stop the new puppet master because i would have never guessed that the puppets would be in pain. plus it showed some of the puppet master series that i didn't see and i what to see it so badly like part two. it showed an appearance of torch which can turn things and humans, which is cool, and showed the return of the puppet master from part one. it also showed little aliens from part 4 that was also cool, it showed other people episodes that might be good to them and it did.so thanks to this puppet master is going to be a big hit.

this movie is a great way for the series to finally end. peter (the boy from puppet master iii) is all grown up and is now the puppet master. well, this girl comes to destroy the puppets and learn toulon's secrets but instead she listens to the story about the puppets. most of this movie is footage from puppet master ii, puppet master iii, puppet master 4, puppet master 5, curse of the puppet master, and retro puppet master (sorry... but i guess paramount wouldn't let them use scenes from 1). personally i wish puppet master vs. demonic toys would finally be made but the way this movie ends they basically say "this is the final movie in the series..."

first of all, riget is wonderful. good comedy and mystery thriller at the same time. nice combination of strange 'dogma' style of telling the story together with good music and great actors. but unfortunately there's no 'the end'. as for me it's unacceptable. i was thinking... how it will be possible to continue the story without helmer and drusse? ...and i have some idea. i think lars should make riget iii a little bit different. i'm sure that 3rd part without helmer wouldn't be the same. so here's my suggestion. mayble little bit stupid, maybe not. i know that lars likes to experiment. so why not to make small experiment with riget3? i think the only solution here is to create puppet-driven animation (like for example "team america" by trey parker) or even computer 3d animation. i know it's not the same as real actors, but in principle i believe it could work... only this way it's possible to make actors alive again. for riget fans this shouldn't be so big difference - if the animation will be done in good way average 'watcher' will consider it normal just after first few shots of the movie. the most important thing now is the story. it's completely understandable that it's not possible to create riget 3 with the actors nowadays. so why not to play with animation? and... look for the possibilities that it gives to you! even marketing one! great director finishes his trilogy after 10 years using puppet animation. just dreams?i hope to see riget 3 someday... or even to see just the script. i'm curious how the story ends... and as i expect- everybody here do.greets, slajps: i'm not talking about the "kingdom hospital" by stephen king ;-)

normally i don't like series at all. they're all to predictable and they tend to become boring and dull very fast.these series however, are well played, the story follows through all episodes and even if you miss one, the story will still be catching your mind.the episodes are all filmed on a hospital and takes you further and further in to the mysteries of dark and old secrets that lies just beneath the surface of the mighty hospital.

more eeriness and dark secrets released in the final parts of lars von trier's fantastic horror satire the kingdom... much more is revealed and the ending just leaves you begging for more. plus a great performance from udo kier in a more substantial role...

second part (actually episode 4-8) of the hit danish tv-series is slightly inferior to the first one, but has plenty of laughs and scares as well. this time, udo kier plays two parts, as the monster baby and his demon-like father. other standout parts this time are søren pilmark´s doctor krogshoj, who must face the horrible revenge of dr. helmer, and once again, patient mrs. drusse tries to solve the mysteries, miss marple-style. ends on a cliffhanger and following the deaths of lead actors ernst hugo järegård (dr. helmer) and kirsten rolffes (mrs. drusse), you wonder how they´re ever going to be able making part iii, but i hope von trier will give it a shot. sadly, morten rotne leffers, the down´s syndrome dishwasher #2, died shortly after, as well. look for stellan skarsgård in a cameo. ***

riget ii is a good sequel, but not quite as good as the first one. this series don't seem to be quite as serious as the first one. there are much more comedy in this, good one, though.we're back at the danish rigshospitalet, the danish national hospital. mrs. drusse is just about to leave the hospital as her work is done, but fate want's it otherwise. she is soon chasing ghosts and helmer is doing everyone mad and it's soon to get much worse as black powers are unleashed in the kingdom.this story involves a lot more comedy that the previous. by all means lot of fun, but it makes you take the series a little less serious. the story has kept a lot of elements from the last series and added some new ones. it's well written, but some of the new elements are just kind of silly, but they save it by making it more like a comedy. good story, but not as good, original and thrilling as the first series.the actors are the same with some addition to the regular cast. they are all very good. it's an odd story and setting. some parts are a total freak show and the characters change during the show so to keep it serious and keep it real is not an easy job. yet, these actors handle this whole situation perfectly.much of the good qualities from the first series are kept intact. the cinematography is one of those qualities. the hand-held camera that made trier world famous gives suspense and reality to the series. it gives the camera a unique ability to move and follow the characters and trier makes use of these abilities. good, movement, great lightning and good composition and editing makes this enjoyable to watch.be prepare to see better effect in this sequel that in the first. also be prepared to see some more. i didn't think that green thing looked all too good. thought it was unoriginal and didn't fit. never the less, the effects like the ghosts are really good. the non-digital effects looks good too. little brother looks just really odd, but you accept it. all over i'd say effects are from ok to good.the music is also quite good. moody and nice. some of it are really touching. it fits really nice. as the first one there are rather little music in the action scenes and it works very well.all together this makes a good sequel. if you'd seen riget you can see this one without being disappointed. it has many of the same qualities as the first series. however, i would recommend seeing the first series before seeing this. these two makes up a series you don't wanna miss.

wow... 5 more hours of riget. lars continues the great combination of occult, dark horror and soap-opera drama. picking up exactly where the last episode of the previous series left off(complete with the same high intensity and suspense, though that doesn't last; for better or worse), this installation in the franchise seems somewhat more bent on haste... in the last series, there seemed to pass a day or a week between each episode, whereas in this, it clearly is one long stretch... where one episode ends, the next begins. a lot can be said about lars von trier... but he is very diverse and pretty eccentric. both qualities show in this. the plot continues its excellence, now giving a few regular characters that were minor players in the previous four episodes more attention. basically every character from the first returns, at least as far as the main roles go. the pacing isn't as sharp as in the first part, and i found myself less gripped by this one. that is not in any kind of way to say that this didn't involve me, though... i still found myself constantly watching, and at several points reacting strongly, often out loud, to what was going on(extremely unusual behavior for me, as i am an incredibly silent person), as i also was during the first. like the first, this also brings up some loaded ethical questions. building on the foundation from the first, this brings the story further... and being a sequel, the scope is also bigger. grander. more spirits, more bizarre occurrences, more subplots. the strong graphic material of the first also returns, and it's been kicked up a notch. the characters are developed further. the acting is amazing, as that of the first. udo kier solidifies his immense talent, to anyone who doubted it. playing a very difficult character(anyone who has seen the first series can most likely figure out what i mean) *and* acting in a language he didn't speak(he was later dubbed)... and still handing in such a strong performance. the cinematography remains great, and is still very hand-held, with rapid zooms and the occasional long take. the editing is sharp, with a few direct cuts in sound(though these were more prominent in the first). now, with all that said, i would really like to be able to rate this a perfect 10... or at least just under, like the first four episodes. i truly enjoyed watching, and i don't regret it in the least. but this does have shortcomings... the ones the first part had and more. as the first, the humor just takes up too much space... and this time around, it's even worse. there are several new regular characters that are there for no other reason than to provide comic relief... three of them, no less. scenes are set up and executed for no other reason than to make the audience laugh. fine for a comedy, but what is it doing in such a dark and unpleasant, yes, nothing short of sadistic at times, horror piece? helmer's solitary secret hiding place of solitude is changed from the hospital roof... from which he could see his beloved sweden... to a bathroom. with an angle from inside the bowl. no, you read that right. in general, the humor seems more low-brow... more sex and bodily function jokes, which, again, begs the question "why?". whilst most of the writing is excellent, some of it is downright dire. several scenes are basically copied from the first mini-series(one would guess due to their popularity when it aired). at times, the drama seems a bit more bombastic than that of the first, and it jumps too much at times. fortunately seldom, but still noticeably, plot points and items are explained away too easily(a certain character living in denmark for no apparent reason, for example... anyone who's seen it knows who i'm speaking of). the two dishwashers, while still mysterious and insightful, become too much of a gimmick... too overexposed, in the end, i guess. most of the scenes with them are still enjoyable, though. in addition to that, i want to reassure any reader of this that in spite of all the negative things i have just written that this is still mostly good... definitely enjoyable, compelling, powerful... and in my humble opinion, it should definitely be seen by anyone who liked the first(though if belong in that group; do not expect to feel that the story is finished after watching this any more than you did after the first). i recommend this to any fan of lars von trier and anyone who enjoyed the first riget and wants more where that came from. i urge anyone who's even considering watching this to make sure you've seen all of the first before you do... i bought this before i bought the first, but i held out on watching until i had bought the first and watched that, and i can't tell you how glad i am that i did. though this features a brief summary of the events in the first, there are an immense amount of details and aspects that you would miss out on if you didn't see it before watching this. slightly lesser sequel, but definitely still one to watch if you liked the first. 8/10

sequel to "the kingdom" is bloodier and even more twisted. i only saw half (i was exhausted and couldn't sit through all 5 1/2 hours) but i loved what i saw. ghosts, blood, murder, poisoning, mutated babies, voodoo...this has it all! if you have a strong stomach and like weird movies this is for you.also, you don't have to see part 1 to understand this...you'll figure it out!does anyone know if kingdom 1 and 2 are available on dvd? sitting through these marathon movies in a theatre is tiring. sadly, there probably won't be a "kingdom 3"--ernst-hugo jaregard (sig) died a year after this was filmed. but you never know!

i reached the end of this and i was almost shouting "no, no, no, no! it cannot end here! there are too many unanswered questions! the engagement of the dishwashers? mona's disappearance? helmer's comeuppance? the "zombie"? was little brother saved by his father? and what about the head???????" argh!! then i read that at least two of the cast members had passed on and i have to say, i know it probably wouldn't be true to lars von trier's vision, but i would gladly look past replacement actors just to see the ending he had planned! granted, it would be hard to find someone to play helmer as the character deserves. helmer, the doctor you love to hate! i think i have yet to see a more self-absorbed, oblivious, self-righteous character on screen! but, i could overlook a change in actors....i just have to know how it ends!

years ago many big studios promoted serial films that were shown in movie theaters's in between the actual features along with a newsreel of current events, plus cartoons, especially on a saturday afternoon. (the parents loved it mostly) "the return of chandu" was a 12 episode serial where chandu,(bela lugosi),"the mysterious mr. wong",'34 is a magician with super natural powers and travels to the island of lemuria to rescue the kidnapped princess of egypt,(nadji)maria alba,"dr. terror's house of horrors",'43. princess nadji is held captive by the black magic cult of ubasti, who believe that she is a reincarnation of their long-dead goddess ossana. these 12-episode serials take you way back in time and are very well produced, considering we are talking about 1934 !

how truly friendly, charming and cordial is this unpretentious old serial; i rejoiced in seeing old lugosi. it is disarmingly friendly and lively. it's the document of a longlost craft. (the best tv series today can hardly compete with these old moderately good serials.) chandu is deeply, deeply optimistic and hedonistic . it refreshes the mind. it's not stupid; stupid are those who do not get the terms on which such serials work. chandu has an irresistible sense of simple, unpretentious and friendly fun.without giving away too muchchandu is an occidental sorcerer who goes also by this eastern name and who also loves and protects his niece against a sect of killers.chandu exerts his supernatural gifts in a rather discreet and moderate way.as to the quite sexy niece, nadji, she is kidnapped by the priest of ubasti: the sordid vindhyan. the poor sexy girl is in fact multiply kidnappedin a sarcophagus after being sent asleep with a flower; almost kidnapped from a boat; by a phony policeman; the temple of lemuria and its strange, creepy ceremonies resemble the king kong imageryand are a barbaric mockery of the rcc ceremonies and rituals. would you protect a girl as bravely as chandu does?lugosi looked like an old libidinous and quite heartless, mean drunk, and this only contributed to his performances. he is the prototypical mean drunk uncle, mischievous and cunning and oblique. this might sound like a rather crooked homage to lugosiyet burton's biopic of wood left me this impression about lugosi and allied to it a strong sympathy for the decrepit actor. i enjoy lugosi' fancy performances.this serial is unjustly bashed.

bela lugosi gets to play one of his rare good guy roles in a serial based upon the long running radio hit (which was also the source of a feature film where lugosi played the villain.) lugosi cuts a fine dashing figure and its sad that he didn't get more roles where he could be the guy in command in a good way. here chandu returns from the east in order to help the princess nadji who is being hunted by the leaders of the cult of ubasti who need her to bring back from the dead the high priestess of their cult. this is a good looking globe trotting serial that is a great deal of fun. to be certain the pacing is a bit slack, more akin to one of principals (the producing studios) features then a rip roaring adventure, but it's still enjoyable. this plays better than the two feature films that were cut from it because it allows for things to happen at their own pace instead of feeling rushed or having a sense that "hey i missed something". one of the trilogy of three good serials lugosi made, the others being sos coast guard and phantom creeps

if you fast forward through the horrible singing, you will find a classic fairy tale underneath. christopher walken is very humorous and surprisingly good in the role. his trademark style of acting works well for the sly puss in boots. the other actors are well for their parts. i did not find any of the acting terribly fake or awkward. the king in particular appears a real dunce though, and i wonder if he is supposed to be. i can not remember the original tale. the special effects are typical of the eighties, but at least they are not overly fake like some of the computer generated fare that we see today. overall, i recommend this movie for children and adults who are a child at heart.

ok, so the musical pieces were poorly written and generally poorly sung (though walken and marner, particularly walken, sounded pretty good). and so they shattered the fourth wall at the end by having the king and his nobles sing about the "battle" with the ogre, and praise the efforts of puss in boots when they by rights shouldn't have even known about it.who cares? it's christopher freakin' walken, doing a movie based on a fairy tale, and he sings and dances. his acting style fits the role very well as the devious, mischievous puss who seems to get his master into deeper and deeper trouble but in fact has a plan he's thought about seven or eight moves in advance. and if you've ever seen walken in any of his villainous roles, you *know* the ogre bit the dust hard at the end when walken got him into his trap.a fun film, and a must-see for anyone who enjoys the unique style of christopher walken.

this show is good. i like the acting, funny bits and the cuteness of it. the actors, lee pace, ann friel... etc, they all did great in the show. the show started off great with its funny, illogical basic idea of bringing dead people back in the first series and honestly, as what people said, the first few episodes of the second series were a bit of a let down but it later came back looking good anyway. and now i really hate the fact that it's going to be cancelled. why doesn't abc just let it finish until the very end when all the episodes are already done?? i really wanna know how the story's going to be. i think it should be given a chance as there're still so many viewers who love it.

at first i was weirded out that a tv show's main character could bring the dead back to life, but then i thought i'd give it a shot. guess what? i love "pushing daisies" and look forward to wednesday nights just to watch it, then for the next week i watch it a few more times on my dvr. the colorful characters, witty banter, fast-paced dialogue, and new unique situations draws me in and captivates from beginning to end. ned and chuck charles' relationship is interesting to watch as they work their romance around the fact that they cannot have physical contact. even detective emerson cod's character has continued to grow in complexity. and olive snook! jiminy crispies! she cracks me up! the narrator's voice is fun to listen to and the cinematography gives me the impression that i am watching a movie instead of a tv show. i have recommended my family and friends to turn on "pushing daisies" and they are hooked too!!! the show is well worth waiting a week for a new episode and if you have not seen "p.d.", i highly recommend watching it!

"imagine if you could bring things back to life with just one touch" as soon as i first heard that, my attention was locked on the trailer, and after the first episode i found my self in love with this show. a modern day fairy tale that brings my spirits up and holds my attention throughout the entire show. i think the acting and casting is just perfect, each character brings something unique to the show that adds to it's perfection. even the one time villains manage to overflow with a unique sense, from the bee man to the guy who can swallow kittens, they never seem to let me down. and the deaths that would normally lead to a depressing moment often end up being purely comical (such as an exploding scratch & sniff book)even with the large amount of crime shows we have now a days, daisies is one of the few that really stands out from the rest, being not just a mystery but a love story, comedy and a fairy tale with a hint of drama all baked into one wonderful pie.....err show.what really shocked me was the fact that it was on abc, for years i never had a reason to turn to abc, but this brought me back each week with a smile on my face. it was as if pushing daisies brought abc back to life for me. but just like that, after two seasons, a few awards, a large fan base and positive responses from critics the show has been dropped. it seems as though ned has touched abc again and forever killed it for me. i will always be a fan of this show though, and i recommend this to anyone who likes a lot of talking and a lot of love from the shows they watch.

i recently started watching this show, and i have to say that it really made me laugh. you have to appreciate the unrealistic aspects of it, along with everything else. some other people said this show should have more realistic reactions of the dead, among other things. if you are going accept that ned can bring the dead back to life, you have to accept that the other completely crazy bits of the show. i couldn't help smiling after every episode i watched. i really think it's great there is a show out there that can take a very strange subject and really make it great to watch. i absolutely love the narration, i think it adds that extra bit of wonder to the whole show. you can't always compare old shows by a writer to his new ones, you have to take everything as it's own entity. definitely give it a chance, and just enjoy the ridiculous parts as they are.

pushing daisies truly is a landmark in television as an art form. everything seems to pay homage to amelie and tim burton, but so what, in a world where fresh ideas are distinctly rare, this show will guarantee that you do not care about whether its fresh or not. it is just brilliant.i have been captivated from the start, the intelligent writing, the directing to the backdrops and dialogue make this show the most incredible masterpiece since the shield and the wire (ok not exactly good comparisons but the beauty of pushing daisies is that it has no comparisons on television).truly addictive and an absolute pleasure. perhaps like one of the piemakers pies that get mentioned in such tantalising ways.

that's what t.v. should be. and pushing daisies lives up to those expectations. a beautifully crafted and well-designed show, pushing daisies is one of the few shows left on prime-time that has integrity, is good for the entire family and sparks your imagination. it's not about the normal action, sex, money or murder angles of every other show on t.v. it's a show that makes you think and laugh, but although the basic plot may seem impossible, the concepts are real to us all. wanting something you can't have, hoping for someone to want us, running away from your past and searching for family, even in the most unlikely of places, etc...i realize that abc has basically canceled this wonderful show at this point, and will most likely replace it with some show beyond the point of integrity. i suppose everything does come back to money... it's too bad that there are now no other shows on abc that actually make you feel good after watching.

when i first heard about the show, i heard a lot about it, and it was getting some good reviews. i watched the first episode of this "forensic fairy tale", as it so proclaims itself, and i really got hooked on it. i have loved it since. this show has a good sense of humour and it's fun to see a good show like this. the cast is excellent as their characters, and i wouldn't want to change them in any way.for those unfamiliar with this show, pushing daisies centers around a man named ned (aka the pie maker, played by lee pace) who discovered a special gift when he was a boy: he could bring the dead back to life with the touch of a finger. he first did so with his dog, digby. however, there is the catch: if he keeps a dead person alive for more than one minute, someone else dies. he learned this when he brought his mother back to life, and his childhood crush's father died in ned's mother's place. the other catch is if he touches the person again, they're dead again, but this time for good. he learned this when his mother kissed him goodnight. his father took him to boarding school, and when he left, ned never saw his father again.almost 20 years later, ned owns a pie bakery, cleverly titled "the pie hole." a co-worker of ned's, olive snook (kristin chenoweth) has a crush on ned, but ned rejects her moves, trying not to get close to anyone, learning from past experiences. private investigator emerson cod (chi mcbride) discovered the gift that ned has, and decides to make him a partner in solving murders. ned touches the victim, asks who killed them, and when the minute is up, he touches them again, and they solve it. that's how they usually solve it. throughout the episodes, the murders have very interesting plots and be what people least expect.one day, ned discovers that his next murder to solve is his childhood sweetheart, charlotte "chuck" charles (anna friel). he brings her back to life and decides to break the rules and keep her alive. in her place, the funeral director, who stole jewelery from the corpses, died. when emerson finds out, and when chuck wants to help with solving the murders, he doesn't agree a bit--for a while, we hear him call chuck 'dead girl'. this is all kept in secret from olive, chuck's aunts vivian and lily (ellen greene and swoosie kurtz, respectively), and everyone else for that matter, in case anyone recognized her from obituaries, the news, etc. vivian and lily, formerly synchronized swimmers, hadn't left the house in years. emerson, ned, and chuck agree to work together. ned and chuck grow to love each other, though they can't touch each other ever again.this show is funny, has terrific characters, contains great plot twists, and will definitely get your spirits up. i hope it doesn't get cancelled at 13 episodes.

this show was appreciated by critics and those who realized that any similarities between "pushing daisies" style and anyone else's was not a steal. (yes, i've seen "amelie." "pushing daisies" is somewhat similar but still different enough to be original.) rather, there are too few shows on tv that have this kind of quirky charm. the greatest similarity is to "dead like me" but "p.d" comes by that similarity honestly: bryan fuller created both shows. (both shows involve an "undead" young woman, for example.) this show never stopped being funny and charming, and it was always odd, yet was consistently humane.i must say a word about the conventions of on-going story lines. some people have complained that this show lacked a moral center because in the first (and several subsequent) episodes ned seems to get away with causing the death of chuck's father without consequences of any kind. first of all, this must be a new definition of "without consequences of any kind" because, in spite of the fact that ned was only a boy and did not realize that he had caused the death of chuck's father, he nevertheless felt guilty from the moment he realized what he had done. further, about a dozen episodes into the series, ned finally did confess to chuck that he had caused her father's death with his gift. now, there are no police to charge people with magically causing one person's death by bringing another person back to life, so the questions of absolution and restitution have to be taken up without societal guidance. in other words, it's between ned and chuck, who was not inclined to forgive ned anytime soon.but this does point out a problem with continuing story lines in network dramas. i remember when david caruso's character on "nypd blue" did something wrong and it seemed he got away with it--for a whole year--then he got caught and was forced to resign from the job (and left the show). the point is, viewers should learn by now and not assume that just because a regular character does something wrong in a single episode, and is not caught in that episode, that he has gotten away with it. there is always next week--and maybe even next year.

many of these other viewers complain that the story line has already been attempted. that may be so, but the addition of the narrator and dr.suess like scenery makes this show a must watch. with adult innuendo throughout the series and a touch of childhood through the set, the show is both reminiscent and invigorating. the investigative portion of the show is not what drags viewers in. the twisted plot and love lines scattered throughout this seeming paradise are what keep loyal viewers coming back for more. this is a success that abc should never let go of. bravo abc. lost was getting old, way to revitalize prime time. 9 episodes prior to the writers strike left audiences wanting more.

i love this show. now, i'm not a big fan of many science fiction shows, so if it bares any resemblance to them, i didn't notice. i like the storybook quality of the cinematography. i even like the love story, even though as i am enjoying it i wonder in the back of my mind how the heck that part of the story can truly develop seeing as ned cannot touch chuck or else... well, you know. i even like chuck, i don't find her annoying at all, and i generally hate overly sweet, nice, perfect characters. i even like the narrator's voice, even if it bothers one of my family members and bares some resemblance to some walgreens commercials. i could nitpick about all the other things about ned's predicament and how the writers are going to address it in the future but i just rather watch and wait and see what tale the writers weave.

i instantly fell in love with "pushing daisies". this show manages to put a smile on my face with it's great storytelling, witty dialog and great acting. but that's not all: it also manages to keep you until the end. the basic idea behind the show - bringing people back to life with one touch, ending the undead status with a second - is interesting and could still be in later seasons. but the suspenseful murder cases, the unique look of the show and the highly proficient narrator add to the experience. but "pushing daisies" is more than it's parts. it has a certain charm that i really enjoy and i'm looking forward to enter the world of ned and chuck for a second season.

this is indeed a funny show, done in a creepy sort of way, much like a tim burton film. it's worth a look, as it's far more creative than most of the shows this season. best of all, it's not a "reality" show. i'm wondering why the viewing public is so ready to accept shows like that (which lack creativity) and ignore wonderful shows like this that actually have a creative bent.while some decry the premise, i think it's really unusual. much more enjoyable than "ghost whisperer" and "medium". i think it's the funniest thing on the tube since "my name is earl".oh, and the narration and music are wonderful. if you enjoy shows that are a bit off the beaten path, i'd recommend it. it's not as strange as twin peaks was, but it's got a serious kink to it.

i watched the pie-lette last night and the word that comes to mind is "original." it is a word not used much in tv as they all tend to copy whatever the other network is doing and you end up with seven nights of crime shows, unfunny comedies, and reality crap.the first thing that hit me like a brick was the presence of jim dale. those not familiar with the british "carry on ..." series or those who have not listened to a harry potter book, may not be familiar with dale. i am not sure whether his presence as narrator adds or distracts. i will have to tune in more, but it does give the show a "harry potter" atmosphere. maybe that's a good thing.lee pace (infamous, the white countess) has a gift. it never explains where he got it, but he can bring someone back from the dead for a minute. he teams with chi mcbride ("boston public," roll bounce) to solve murders using this talent. everything is fine and funny until he comes across a childhood love, anna friel (goal! the dream begins, timeline) and things really get complicated. he can't send her back and he can never touch her. boy, would that make a relationship difficult.i will be tuning in to see where this series goes in the expectation that it will continue to entertain.

thank god abc picked this up instead of fox. the best description (for those in the know) is really wonderfalls meets dead like me in the best way possible.i'm not sure whether an experience with death and destiny early in life makes me a fan of brian fuller but i certainly enjoy his productions. i also enjoy checkered floors, pies, talking toys, gravelings and other mischievous items :) while a bit "burtonesque", i certainly think this enjoys its own niche that doesn't require j depp or hb carter to be a wonderfully imaginative playground. here we can find the joys and sorrows of childhood and adulthood crashing into each and actually making sense and making us want to live life to the fullest!

i'm one of those people who usually watch programs and keep my feelings about a show private. however, pushing daisies is my exception. i became curious about the program from the commercials that aired which gave glimpses of the premise of the show. i was skeptical about it at first, especially after the finale of six feet under was still in my head. here we go again, i thought. i watched the first, second, third and all the other episodes. wow! first of all, i thought it took the subject of death and presented in a way that was palatable without being morbid. the characters were engaging and i like the thought of ned the main character not being able to literally touch the love of his life, chuck without the consequences of her dying.most of the characters have a longing for things they can't have. besides ned and chuck, olive longs for ned. lily and vivian longs for their niece chuck and emerson is always longing for the monetary rewards from the mysterious deaths they solve. i think the characters are picture perfect and believable. i like how emerson who is black plays off of the rest of the characters since as an african american; i like the subtle cultural humor that sometimes comes from him.all in all, this visual fairytale is one of the most valuable pieces of entertainment that i've seen out of the 2007 season. i think the show has enough romance for the romantics and enough who-done-it for the mystery buffs. i just wish the writers would get back to work, so that the show can continue to evolve.

i really enjoyed the first episode and am looking forward to more. a little soft on the crime front (it's almost an afterthought and not terribly suspenseful or fleshed out) but thought the romance angle was wonderfully charming. will be watching again for sure! i'm hoping that they'll have a bigger role for the aunts who are wonderful actresses and were somewhat underused this time around. the actress who plays the assistant/waitress (also from bewitched i think) is very sweet and bubbly and comes off as nicely dorky and sweet instead of dumb and annoying which is very nice.check it out.

very sweet pilot. the show reeks of tim burton's better films...edward sissorhands, big fish, charlie & the chocolate factory. the cinematography, the narration, the music, the external sets all scream tim burton. there has to be a connection, or a strong influence, i just haven't researched enough to know where it is.as i've seen in the forums, yes anna friel is playing a poor man's zooey deschanel. every time i see her on the screen i see zooey. don't get me wrong, anna friel does a great job. her character is very sweet and lovable and you easily get attached to her. it's more of a distraction that i keep thinking "why didn't they get zooey deschanel".lee pace does a great job too. i kept trying to remember where i knew him from and just looked it up. wonderfalls!!! great, short lived series from 2004. if you enjoy pushing daisies you must go rent wonderfalls, which is another brian fuller creation.hmmmm loved seeing swoosie kurtz (world according to garp) and ellen greene (little shop of horrors) again. two underrated character actresses that never fail to bring it with their performances.

i have been a fan of pushing daisies since the very beginning. it is wonderfully thought up, and bryan fuller has the most remarkable ideas for this show.it is unbelievable on how much tv has been needing a creative, original show like pushing daisies. it is a huge relief to see a show, that is unlike the rest, where as, if you compared it to some of the newer shows, such as scrubs and house, you would see the similarities, and it does get tedious at moments to see shows so close in identity.with a magnificent cast, wonderful script, and hilarity in every episode, pushing daisies is, by-far, one of the most remarkable shows on your television.

this show is quick-witted, colorful, dark yet fun, hip and still somehow clean. the cast, including an awesome rotation of special guests (i.e. molly shannon, paul rubens, the-stapler-guy-from-office-space) is electric. it's got murder, romance, family, and zombies without ever coming off as cartoony... somehow. you really connect with these characters. the whole production is an unlikely magic act that left me, something of a skeptic if i do say so myself, totally engrossed and coming back for more every wednesday night. i just re-read this and it sounds a little like somebody paid me to write it. it really is that good. i just heard a rumor that it was being canceled so i thought i'd send off a flare of good will. this is one of those shows that goes under the radar because the network suits can't figure out how to make it sexy and sell cars with it. do yourself a huge favor, if you haven't already, and enjoy this gem while it lasts. ok so one more thing. this show is clever. what that means is that every armchair critic/"writer" in hollywood is gonna insert a stick up their youknowwhat before they sit down to watch it, defending themselves with an "i could've written that" type speech to absolutely nobody in their lonely renovated hollywood hotel room. in other words: the internet. this is a general interest/anonymous website. before you give your wednesday tv hour to dirty sexy money or next hot model reruns or whatever other out and out tripe these internet "critics" aren't commenting on, give my fave' show a spin. it's fun. good, unpretentious fun.

it is a pleasure to see such creativity on tv again. this show is poetic, artistic and good fun. the characters relate well and the writing is not bad (i think it will improve as they get their legs). definitely worth a look.the girls steal the show so far in this series. chuck is adorable as is olive. the two aunts are a delight. i sincerely hope they write them into bigger parts as they are magic.well, that's all the news that is fit to print. go make yourself a big bowl of popcorn and enjoy something fun in an old fashioned way. this is like dr. seuss for adults.

i for one have shamelessly enjoyed every episode of pushing daisies this season, and hope that the writers' strike won't brutally end the beginnings of a very good show. ned is a pie maker who owns a restaurant in the middle of town and has a secret talent. emmerson is a private investigator with his own unique quirks like his love of knitting. charlotte (chuck) is the once-dead-but-not-anymore childhood friend and sunny spot of ned's life. olive is the jealous but good-hearted waitress. oh, and add the dog. jim dale brings all the characters together with his wonderful narration of the show. chuck, ned, and emmerson along with olive and occasionally the dog solve multiple murder mysteries with the assistance of ned's special gift of bringing dead people back to life. the show is funny, clean, and romantic in a very cute and good-hearted way, and i'd recommend it to anyone.

first i want to clarify that the average user's inability to appreciate imagination is appalling. what makes this show so unique is the hyper-reality it creates. you don't need to know why ned can bring people back from the dead, or why it can only be for a minute. where has the wonderment of childhood whimsical tales gone, much like a wrinkle in time.i say it is refreshingly original because it is a polar opposite to the masses of lay-it-all-out television that leaves no room for imagination or wonder.it's nice to add a bit of escapism to the television experience.the hyper-reality is my favorite aspect of the show. the 1950's-esque setting, the innocent and rare characters, and the scenery and physical setting which are not meant to be taken as pure reality.this show masks the morbid nature of death, while others embrace it. while entertaining, other television shows have taken a back shelf to this series. it truly has restored a sense of curiosity, imagination and wonder to television.pushing daisies quickly made it to the top of my list.

i have to say, when "pushing daisies" came out i was immediately won out by the fairy-tale like setting of such grimness. the narrator made a cake out of the whole ordeal by making death seem as routine as, well, ned (lee pace) baking pies. and that bringing them back to life was just as routine.the trio of ned, emerson cod (chi mcbride) and charlotte "chuck" charles (anna friel), plus sometimes-sidekick olive snook (kristin chenoweth, who made the musical wicked such a delight) made for some fantastic dialogue and silliness. it definitely deserves the title of a (romantic) comedy/drama.ned and chuck made for a shy and not-quite-ready-for-love couple who are still exploring their feelings even though they cannot touch - an obstacle that seems to be truly no obstacle with aids such as gloves, cellophane, and quirky schedules around the apartment. but despite the awkwardness presented as they work their feelings around a strange secret which only a few know, they still manage to show their on screen chemistry in touching scenes like when ned gives chuck the beehives. the presence of olive, though, makes for some break-out-in-song moments in the pie shop and unforeseen complications for the couple.second season sharply declined, putting a damper on a show that had real potential. on some of the episodes, the plot line was rushed and awkward, making you ask "what just happened?" in both the overall dead-person-of-the-week plot and in the overriding plot line. the addition of chuck's father plus two half-brothers for ned didn't help, and at least one of the plot lines felt almost recycled (didn't the episode "comfort food" feel like the episode "bitter sweets" in the fact that the dead-person-of-the-week died in food?). a few touching moments (the beehives) happened to help advance the relationship between chuck and ned, but every time they got close, the writers decided to throw in another monkey wrench rather than let the relation develop (oliver comes back from the monastery, chuck's dead father comes back to life and doesn't go back, you get the picture).shame it didn't work out, but the concept was good and seemed surreal in a good way, just enough pleasantvillesque color/happy-smiley going on and implausible scenarios to remind you that it's not "dead like me." then again, it's in "pushing daisies time," according to creator bryan fuller, so it makes it plausible again.it should have lasted longer, but it's merely wistful thinking at this point. kudos to whatever new show attempts to replace this short-lived gem.

"pushing daisies" for sure is one of the best tv shows of its genre in the last 5 years, agree you with that or not. bryan fuller, the creator, has an amazing creative mind. he's the mind behind other great tv shows as "dead like me" (2003), "wonderfalls" (2004), and the other one not as great as these ones, but also interesting, "heroes" (2006). it's a mix of the marvelous worlds brian fuller created in previous tv shows, mixing once again an amazing fantasy world with real kinds of people disguised into colorful images and exaggerated feelings, something that a fairytale always is. so, being a kind of fairytale, you cannot expect more than a unrealistic world and unexpected situations, or also situations a lot expected but not in a way that it would usually be told.a gift always comes with a curse, and what is sweet can also be bitter. that's so, ned (lee pace), the piemaker, is a simple guy with an interesting gift other than being an amazing chef: he can give life to the dead with just a touch. this could be a power that everybody would die - or live - for if wasn't for another simple and very sad thing: he can also gives the forever dead if he touches it again. the curse of this amazing gift doesn't stops there... everything has a compensation and if he brings anything to life for more than one minute, another specie of that one would die instantly. he's a guy full of unfortunate events in life in a way that he grown up introspectively, always afraid to touch everything and lose once more things he one day used to love. till the day he could finally be close to his biggest childhood love, chuck (anna friel), if wasn't for another sad fact: she was dead. he gave her life again and she loves him so much as he does, but this love is untouchable. the truly kiss of death. and that's how this beautiful modern fairytale starts.when i heard about "pushing daisies" for the first time it was promoted as something very familiar (or maybe some kind of tribute) to everything that tim burton has created since "pee-wee's big adventure" (1985) to "big fish" (2003) and "charlie and the cholate factory" (2005). the results could not be better. the world around the pie hole was magnificent. the stories around ned and detective cod (chi mcbride) to solve unsolved crimes can be a lot common in tv, but this is just a way to guide people thru amazing stories surrounding characters as chuck and olive (kristin chenoweth) in a wonderful world full of beautiful and dreamy images that you can almost sense the taste of the colors. not only that, you are merged into a bunch of amazing and charismatic gentle characters, even those ones with the most deep dark humors.forgetting the trivial concept of murders and unsolved crimes, the show brights and is triumphant in a lot of other things. the actors here are top of note. lee pace is tender, soft and contained as the character asks for. anna friel is the muse of the show as her character is supposed to be. but the most superb times are always with the supporting actors as chi mcbride (detective emmerson cod), swoozie kurtz (as lilly charles), ellen greene (as vivian charles) and kristin chenoweth (as olive snook). swoozie kurtz shines performing a so dried character drowned in a impossible dark humor that could frighten a clown, for sure she has the best dialogs and her expressions and body languages are mesmerizing. but if the best dialogs are given by swoozie and her character, the best funny moments are given by kristin chenoweth. seems that she's improvising all the time, she's so naturally fun that every single scene is a show aside. kristin shines so bright in the show that winning the 2009 emmy for her supporting role in the show was totally fair and deserved. also there's the chemistry between actors and their characters, that are also amazing.there are no words to express what this tv show really is and what it was meant to be. for those ones who think this show is a waste of time or claimed to find no sense in it, for sure needs to open their minds and comeback to a time that they probably never had: childhood.truth be told... tv has never been so daring in a tv show as with this amazing one. "pushing daisies" was a huge step forward in terms of great artistic entertainment and its sudden death was a lot disrespectful. it's true that tv doesn't respect great tv shows as those ones bryan fuller created - except "heroes" that's still on air and is far from being so amazing as the other ones.

it was such a treat when this show was on because it was such a fresh, innovative, and original show. this makes every show i've ever watched look plain boring. the moment the first episode aired i was entranced and i became attached to all the characters so easy (which usually never happens because i always hate a few characters). it is a pity this show won't have a third season, because it has to be one of the best shows i have ever seen and that isn't exaggerating my feelings for the show at all. nothing can ever replace pushing daisies, because what could abc possibly find to replace this show? this is easily the best show on television. i came for kristin chenoweth and i stayed because i fell in love with the entire show.

... but i enjoyed this show anyway. i've been reading some of the comments prior reviewers have had to say about this show, and i'm having a hard time completely nullifying all the criticism in my own head (except one: that the show was stale; this program was anything but stale). a lot of the stuff people take issue with about this show is on the money: pretentious; forced; overwrought; desperate for attention; self-satisfied; annoying ever-present narration. but you know what? i really liked it. it was different, it was original, it really, really tried; and that made up for all the minuses. the show was bright, verbal, quick, witty, interesting, fun to look at ... you know, it was only on once a week, i could take it once a week and look forward to it and enjoy it. i will mourn its passing. but i guess nobody will be bringing this back to life.

pushing daisies was a wonderful show. much like dead like me and wonderfalls, you can tell was created by bryan fuller. i can understand how people who don't have much of a love for theater, cinema, musicals and the like would be annoyed. this is not a typical television program and the fantastic is too much for some. these people seem to need some a little more linear and muted tone to keep them happy. this program explodes with color, winks at old movie scenes, hums with incredible music and talented performances. there is nothing random about the choices that are made from costume to leitmotif. the story takes many twists and turns but all very accessible because the conversations are about love, honesty, courage, loss and so many other things we face every day. the only unfortunate aspect was the ending of the show and that was rushed because pushing daisies was canceled. don't approach this as a typical tv show. think of it as an evening at the theater, then sit back and enjoy!

after having read two or three negative reviews on the main page of imdb for "pushing daisies", and having literally minutes ago finished watching the final episode, i thought it was about time i said what i thought of pd.first off, to address what some of the issues that i have seen other people having with this show: something along the lines of "i expect the people who have been woken from the dead to have a more realistic reaction". realistic, on this show ? pushing daisies is, truly, pure and utter escapism. it's colour palette, the dialogue used, the scenarios, situations, music: all of it, to me, is just an escape from everyday life. an escape from the mundane and boring. it is here where pushing daisies exceeds exceptionally well pushing daisies isn't for everyone: a large majority of the television audience don't "get" it, for some people it's just too out there and silly. but for people like me, even from the first episode i watched of it (season 2's "frescorts") and i was just blown away by the show. from then on, i bought both the box sets and they have barely been out of my dvd player. other people i know can't stand it, it really seems to be like marmite.the show follows the adventures of ned, the piemaker, with a magic finger, who brings back childhood sweetheart charlotte charles, works in association with private investigator emerson cod, owns the pie-hole and employs waitress olive snook. completing the main cast members are aunts lily and vivian, whom charlotte (chuck) is never allowed to see. they live in a fantasy world where the dead are brought back to life, everything is shown with a wonderfully bright splash of colour, and narrated by jim dale.other than outlining the basics of the show, i really can't praise it much more without saying: just watch it. despite being screwed over by the writer's guild of america strike, with only 22 episodes ever to be made, it provides wonderful plot twists, story lines, characters and situations while providing (for me) a satisfying ending (yes, i could tell it had been tacked on the end and rushed, but i was still happy with the way it went out). whether it is creative or just pretentious, for a lot of people (me included) it made the most addictive and wonderful viewing, and i hope for the future of television that more shows like this are created so i'm not left with just 22, 40 minute memories of what true entertainment can be.

pushing daisies is just a lovely fairy tale, with shades of "amelie"'s aesthetic and romance. it's got a beautiful palette, its shots well thought out and detailed, its names and dialogue whimsical and too cutesy to be real, its imagination great, and its romance deep.watch the blue in the sky pop out at you, as blue can't be found in the rest of the sets or shots (with few exceptions).watch a weirdly natural and totally satisfying song break out of a scene.its score is gorgeous, its cast is supremely likable, there's great music, and the two leading romantic stars can't touch each other or she'll die. how much more sexual tension do you need? (actually, i had wished they found a way around this one, but c'est la vie).it is simply a show that it is a pleasure to spend an hour with, and i recommend it highly. there hasn't been other television quite like it, and i would like to see more. it got me through a flu one crappy week, as it makes for good company.bring it back!

although this was obviously a low-budget production, the performances and the songs in this movie are worth seeing. one of walken's few musical roles to date. (he is a marvelous dancer and singer and he demonstrates his acrobatic skills as well - watch for the cartwheel!) also starring jason connery. a great children's story and very likable characters.

i never saw this when i was a kid, so this was seen with fresh eyes. i had never heard of it and rented it for my 5 year old daughter. plus, the idea of christopher walken singing and dancing made me curious. the special fx are cheesy and the singing and dancing is mediocre. but the story is great. my daughter was entranced. i loved watching walken in this role thinking about what the future held for him. very amusing to see him dance! and if the songs weren't great, at least they weren't disney over-produced saccharine sweetness. the ogre scene in the beginning was a little scary for her, and she was a little nervous when we saw him again at the end, but it was mostly benign. interestingly, we had recently read "puss in boots", and i had wondered about the implausibility of the story. but while staying true to almost every aspect, walken's acting made it believable. great fun. i'd watch it again with my daughter.

the film starts out very slowly, with the lifestyle of wallace napalm, an attendant at a photo-service drop-off station. his wife has been restricted to her home with an ankle bracelet as the result of a sentence for arson. wallace is a member of the volunteer fire department, and takes firefighting seriously.as we watch wallace's rather dull life proceeding, suddenly there comes something new and jarring: a traveling carnival comes to town. one of its stars is wilder napalm, wallace's brother. he's a clown, but he has a special talent.so does wallace. they're both pyrokineticists or "pyrotics," people capable of starting fires through mental energy. wallace keeps his powers secret; wilder lets his acquaintances know what he can do.spoiler: some of their differences go back to a childhood incident where they inadvertently caused the death of a vagrant. wallace holds back from using his powers; wilder wants to go public on national tv.complicating the matter, wilder wants wallace's wife, whom they both dated years earlier. she becomes a bone of contention, and becomes one of the reason that the brothers finally have a literal firefight.the film is entertaining, but not laugh-out-loud funny. i think enough of it to have a copy in my library. it's a good offbeat film.

here's a rare gem for those of you that haven't seen or most likely not even heard of this. during the 80s, dennis quaid was a hot commodity, but in the early 90s, dennis quaid disappeared from the scene. in 1993, he burst back onto the big screen with three movies, all of which unfortunately bombed. two of those films i liked very much, and let me elaborate on one of them."wilder napalm" is a crazy flick about two brothers, wallace (quaid) and wilder (arliss howard), whom are...fire starters: yes they have the power of pyrokinetics. wilder has decided not to use his power anymore (for anything not useful anyway) after a fatal incident during his youth, where he and his brother blew up an abandoned house which killed a man who was inside unbeknownest to them. nowadays, wilder is a firefighter and is married to the wacky vida (debra winger), who is under house arrest for, guess what, arson (see the movie to understand this better). wilder also hasn't spoken to wallace in 5 years, because wallace set his hair on fire during his bachelor party.wallace loves his pyro power and uses it for amusement. he also runs a carnival and is the head clown. when the carnival comes to wilder's town, wallace decides to reunite with his brother and also to see vida, whom which wallace has been in love with! vida's house arrest sees its end, but wilder is preoccupied. so, wallace steps in and the fun begins. brother vs. brother...fighting fire with fire! some great fireball throwing in this flick...eat your heart out, drew barrymore!the film also has some really weird, yet funny elements, like wilder's fire unit sings songs acapella during firefights and after wards. jim varney (globally known as 'ernest') pops in as wallace's redneck carnival buddy. "wilder napalm" is brilliantly shot...and cleverly put together...very off the wall and avant-guard.give this one a look...

the characters were alive and interesting, the plot was excellently paced, the pyro effects were masterfully accomplished, and it takes a basic love triangle story and tosses in a science-fiction element into it. i could identify with many of the characters and their motivations made logical rational sense in the framework of the story.the camera-work was great, the audio clear and accurate, the background music perfectly chosen for effect, the singing firemen a nice talented memorable oddity, the sets brilliantly crafted, and the special effects performed with a skilled talent.i am a tad puzzled how an entire mini-carnival in a chain-store's parking lot could be powered by one single lamppost outlet. that seems impossible to say the least. the fight between the brothers near the end of the movie was brilliant though. having jim varney in a non-clown role was a wonderful touch too as played the semi-serious role of a carny very well.

found this one in the video store and rented it. it's one of those quirky, quasi-comedies that's more interesting and weird than funny. it's a good one at that. it reminds me a lot of being john malkovich. if you enjoyed that movie you will most likely enjoy this one.

brothers with psychokinetic powers (yes, really) duel not just for debra winger's affections but really over a secret from their childhood that left them at odds over their powers.there are surreal touches (the fire brigade that act like a singing greek chorus), but there is also humour and romance. the soundtrack is great similar to the way american werewolf in london used every great wolf song they could get ~ but with fire ~ and i don't think i'll ever forget dennis quaid (mmmmm dennis quaid), setting his own trailer a rockin' to 'she's a lady' ~ priceless ;)best line missing from the quotes section btw ~ 'once you've had a clown, you never go back!'i love this movie (i ordered the dvd from the us) and if the comments written by the kind of people who'd be happier with legally blond 3 don't put you off ~ give it a try :)

brothers with psychokinetic powers (yes, really) duel not just for debra winger's affections but really over a secret from their childhood that left them at odds over their powers.there are surreal touches (the fire brigade that act like a singing greek chorus), but there is also humour, wit and romance. the soundtrack is great also. and similar to the way american werewolf in london used every great wolf song they could get ~ but with fire and i don't think i'll ever forget dennis quaid (mmmmm dennis quaid), setting his own trailer a rockin' too 'she's a lady' ~ priceless ;)best line missing from the quotes section btw ~ 'once you've had a clown, you never go back!'i love this movie (i just ordered the dvd from the us) and if the comments written by the kind of people who'd be happier with legally blond 3 don't put you off ~ give it a try :)

the people who are bad-mouthing this film are those who don't understand film to begin with. these are the people who love movie blockbusters and adverse to any movie that doesn't star leonardo dicaprio. wilder napalm is a neat little film that may seem quirky and maybe even stupid at first, but what it lacks in plot, it more than makes up for in substance.one thing in particular about the movie that impressed me was it's use of music, which plays a large part. those students of film music will notice how important music is in the movie, both in vida and wilder's life, and in the background. wilder's theme, vida's theme, and wallace's theme are all heard in the opening sequence, and it is funny how some of the lyrics play out. for instance, in the scene where the men are singing "duke of earl", vida is with wilder when the men sing something like "she is my girl", and then she goes over to wallace to give him something when the men sing the lyric "she will be my girl" cleverly showing the tension between the two brothers there are all sorts of little intricacies like this inside the movie, and while it may look like a flop on the outside, the real student of film will notice how good this movie really is.

offbeat and rather entertaining sleeper concerning two very different brothers who are both not only so-called "fire starters" (think stephen king's snore-fest of a book with the same name), but also forever at odds with each other over a woman who has a rather nasty habit of being a pyromaniac! good special effects (especially towards the end), quirky performances from a pretty talented trio of actors and topped by a really interesting and oddly appropriate soundtrack ultimately make "wilder napalm" a unique treat of a film to watch...if you can find it that is! on a personal note, i was fortunate enough to snatch it up (so to speak) from the two-dollar bin at my local video-rental store. (*** out of *****)

i used to watch this on either hbo or showtime or cinemax during the one summer in the mid 90's that my parents subscribed to those channels. i came across it several times in various parts and always found it dark, bizarre and fascinating. i was young then, in my early teens; and now years later after having discovered the great arliss howard and being blown away by "big bad love" i bought the dvd of "wilder napalm" and re-watched it with my girlfriend for the first time in many years. i absolutely loved it! i was really impressed and affected by it. there are so many dynamic fluid complexities and cleverness within the camera movements and cinematography; all of which perfectly gel with the intelligent, intense and immediate chemistry between the three leads, their story, the music and all the other actors as well. it's truly "cinematic". i love arliss howard's subtle intensity, ambivalent strength and hidden intelligence, i'm a big fan of anything he does; and his interplay with debra winger's manic glee (they are of course married) has that magic charming reality to it that goes past the camera. (i wonder if they watch this on wedding anniversaries?......."big bad love" should be the next stop for anyone who has not seen it; it's brilliant.) and, dennis quaid in full clown make-up, sneakily introduced, angled, hidden and displayed by the shot selection and full bloomed delivery is of the kind of pure dark movie magic you don't see very often. quaid has always had a sinister quality to him for me anyways, with that huge slit mouth span, hiding behind his flicker eyes lying in wait to unleash itself as either mischievous charm or diabolical weirdness (here as both). both howard and quaid have the insane fire behind the eyes to pull off their wonderful intense internal gunslinger square-offs in darkly cool fashion. in fact the whole film has a darkly cool energy and hip intensity. it's really a fantastic film, put together by intelligence, imagination, agility and chemistry by all parties involved. i really cannot imagine how this got funded, and it looks pretty expensive to me, by such a conventional, imagination-less system, but i thank god films like this slip through the system every once in awhile. in a great way, with all of its day-glo bright carnival colors, hip intelligence, darkly warped truthful humor and enthralling chemistry it reminds me of one of my favorite films of all time: "grosse pointe blank".......now that's a compliment in my book!

it does come out of left field, and really isn't what you're expecting. but i love that. the most memorable movie experiences come from being surprised, if you ask me. if you haven't been tipped off about the mysterious "thing" that makes these brothers so odd...you're in for a treat.the cast is fantastic, but not stretching so much that it's palpable. the special effects come out of nowhere (seriously, it's like an oddly dark romantic comedy until they do -- then wow) and they're great. the overall cinematography is easy on the eyes, the editing and sound are very good quality, and the twisted story unfolds without clichés. while none of these aspects individually make it a blockbuster, the "what the hell?" factor alone makes it a film treasure.the people who bash this movie make no sense. it's one of those often-overlooked flicks of the 90's that you've either never heard of, or love so much you jump at the mention of its title.i'm in the latter group.

this movie took the jerry springer approach to super-human power. "wilder napalm" is the kind of theme-based movie that i love, addressing the idea that prodigies in america are defined either by their gifts or by attempts to hide them. at the same time, the movie points out that every prodigy is only human, and no more to be feared or worshipped than any other human being. this was a great comedy, fun and human with that slight satiric edge.

when i was a kid i watched this many times over, and i remember whistling the "happy cat" song quite often. all the songs are great, and actually memorable, unlike many children's musicals, where the songs are just stuck in for no real reason. the scenes and costumes are lavish, and the acting is very well-done, which isn't surprising, considering the cast. christopher walken is very catlike, and doesn't need stupid make-up, or a cat costume for the viewer to believe he's a cat transformed to a human. and jason connery's so cute, as the shy and awkward miller's son, corin, who falls in love with beautiful and the bold princess vera. this is a really fun, enjoyable, feature-length movie, where unlike most fairytales, the characters are given personalities. some of my favourite parts are when puss makes corin pretend he's drowning; at the ball when everybody starts dancing a country dance, as it's "all the rage abroad"; when walken is in the kitchen, dancing on the table (he's a pretty good dancer, too!); and when vera tells corin all the things she used to do when she was young, like pretending she was a miller's daughter. i'd recommend this film to children and parents alike, who love magic and fairytales. and it actually is a movie you can watch together, as it won't drive adults up the wall.

first off, i want to say, "thanks, disney, for finally releasing the "cinderella" movie on dvd! now you have all the disney animated films on dvd (including the 1999 limited editions)! what are you going to do next? you're going to disney world!!!!!" well, technically (i mean, look at the castle!!!!!)anyways, disney remains magical in his 1950 animated classic film "cinderella," the movie that put fairy tale movies on the map. we are all familiar with the story of cinderella, her stepsisters, her date, the glass slipper, the pumpkin that turns into a carriage just for saying "bippity- boppity-boo!," and of course, trying to head home by midnight!what i like about this film: it's a grand old fairy tale that children like, now in a movie form (as well as on dvd as well)!!!!!"cinderella" - thank you, disney!!!!! 10 stars.

this movie is wonderful. it always has been always will be. i'm mean really what is better then a house maid falling in love. walt really out did him self here. and the music! a dream is a wish your heart makes is beautiful! what else can you say besides terrific! i can't wait until the special edition comes out it will be so awesome! i can't wait to hear all of the deleted songs! this movie is done so beautiful and smart! it is lovely. what about the cute mice too! i know i keep saying the same things over and over and over again but hey this is a great movie! woods was terrific in this beautiful beautiful beautiful movie

comment? like my comment is necessary? we are talking about all time masterpiece, for all seasons and all generations. this is only type of movies that i still have patience to watch. in this, like in other disney's movies is some kind of magic. all characters are in some way, "alive" and "real" so it's easy to understand message, even if you don't understand language, (like i didn't understood when i first watched movie, because i was about six years old). maybe my english is not so good, but i learned what i know mostly from this kind of movies, and this is one more great dimension of this kind of movies, which in present time are rare. but there is a one big shame. in my country is now impossible to watch this, or any other disney's movie! we don't have copyrights, so our children are disabled to enjoy and learn from this kind of movies. so, we will watch this movie again "once upon a dream" or...?

in my opinion, this is an absolutely romantic disney masterpiece. if you ask me, the stepmother (voice of lucille la verne) was truly diabolical. you'll have to see the movie if you want to know why. on the other hand, despite the fact that she did a lot of housekeeping, cinderella (voice of ilene stanley) was a very beautiful lady. to me, the scenery was beautiful, the cast was well chosen, and the writing was strong. before i wrap this up, i'd like to say that everyone involved in this film did very well. now, in conclusion, i highly recommend this absolutely romantic disney masterpiece to all of you who haven't seen it. you're in for a good time, so go to the video store, rent it or buy it, kick back with a friend, and watch it.

this is one of disney's top five animated features, in my opinion. cinderella was a perfect return to the full-length feature animation film (as opposed to the compilation films of the 40's), and expensive depth via the multi-plane camera returns to the film in no other way. although disney adapts the story somewhat liberally, you gather the idea of the era via the dress and set stylizations---a clear time period the story takes place.cinderella is more mature than snow white, and a multi-dimensional character. actually, all of the characters are somewhat well-developed, except for the prince--left the most flat--we know he has a sense of humor, and a great smile, but that's about all. like snow white, disney has some permanent impact on the story in popular culture---in most versions of cinderella, the stepsisters are attractive, just not as pretty as cinderella, and their character takes away from their otherwise nice appearance.favorite disney additions: the mice! also, appreciated the continuity--cinderella always loses her shoe throughout the film. the addition of the homemade gown as well as the following assault from the stepsisters was always horrific as a child--i remember view master showing this with a black background and a large red light on it! the broken slipper shows the unwillingness of evil lady tremaine to give up her hold over cinderella and admit defeat---audley would go on to characterize the most wicked of all disney villains, satanic witch maleficent, in sleeping beauty.

cinderella is a beautiful young woman who is treated cruelly by her wicked stepmother and stepsisters. one day, a ball is to be held in honor of the prince, but cinderella has no chance of going, because her stepmother and stepsisters won't let her. with the help of her fairy godmother and her animal friends, she is off to the ball, with the warning to return home by midnight. at the ball she meets the handsome prince charming. when the clock strikes midnight, she runs home, leaving behind one of her glass slippers. with the help of her animal friends, her true identity is revealed. she and the prince later get married, and they live happily ever after.cinderella, released 56 years ago, was a huge box office success, and it continues to charm audiences to this day. it has a well-written script. the characters are memorable. the songs, including "a dream is a wish your heart makes", "so this is love", and the great "bibbidi-bobbidi-boo", help tell the story. this was my favorite movie growing up, and it hasn't lost any of its charm. a true disney masterpiece! recommended. 10/10 p.s. the recent dvd release is the best way to appreciate this film, including featurettes, deleted scenes, music video, vintage radio programs, and a restored print of the movie!

cinderella in my opinion greatest love story ever told i loved it as a kid and i love it now a wonderful disney masterpiece this is 1 of my favorite movies i love disney. i could rave on and on about cinderella and disney all day but i wont i ll give you a brief outline of the story. when a young girl's father dies she has to live with her evil step mother and her equally ugly and nasty step sisters drusilla and anastasia. made to do remedial house chores all day poor cinderella has only the little mice who scurry around the house and her dog bruno as friends. when one day a letter is sent to her house telling all available women to attend a royal ball. cinderellas evil step mother and step sisters try to prevent her attendance cinderella finally gets her dream and wish and is able to attend her captive beauty , genorisity and beautiful nature help her win her prince.

the story of cinderella is one of my favorites from charles perrault, with sleeping beauty which was also made into a disney film in 1959; this film is a sweet, enchanting masterpiece from disney.the film has a great soundtrack; that's one i like in a movie is a very good soundtrack, and i love the songs too; my favorite song is the romantic "so this is love." i love the mice from the film too, they are cute. my favorite scene is the scene after the narration, the little birds tried to wake cinderella up in the morning; i also love it when cinderella's animal friends (the mice and birds) fix up cinderella's birth-mother's dress, so she could go to the ball...until drizella & anastasia tore it to bits, the b****es!

i don't think i need to tell you the story. for it has been told for years and years. so i will just share my feelings. i first saw cinderella was when i was five years old. from then on i was a disney child in a good way. the animation now seems childish and old fashioned, but that is part of its charm now. now, in the age of high school musical and computer generated images, it seems like people have forgotten the genius and magical essence of early disney movies. thankfully i was born before that so i was introduced to this classic. and it seems no matter how old i get, i turn back into that five year old watching it on vhs. which is the true magic of disney.

for quite a long time in my life, i either did not like this film, or i liked this film but not as much as many more. i watched it recently (at a sleepover, funnily enough) and i liked it more than i had done since i was under 6 or something. i now appreciate it more, as i do with a few other disney classics that i have watched recently (including "sleeping beauty" and "pinnochio" or however you spell it). i now very much appreciate the animation, the clever "disney" plot turns, the humour from the mice, the emotions expressed and the plot. the animation is very well done, often it seems you are wherever the other characters are, watching them. the animation also does well portraying the styles of the backgrounds, including the town (which is shown twice briefly). disney changes this from the original fairy tale in a surprisingly good way, injecting clever plot turns ,such as the mice making the clothes and the key part (usually i do not like disney films very much if they are not that similar to the original story, but with this i am not overly bothered. i feel they made necessary changes to make this a good disney film. often i do not think disney changed the book in a good way in some of their films). you know the story already, cinderella is a girl working for her horrible stepmother and stepsisters. she goes to a ball with the help of her fairy godmother and loses a glass slipper...this is a film very much to be watched with other people. immediate family is not good enough. to enjoy this, i recommend you watch it with friends (and immediate family, if you like. :-) ). i recommend this to people who like disney at least a little bit, people who like fairy tales and for people who like mice. enjoy! :-)

worry not, disney fans--this special edition dvd of the beloved cinderella won't turn into a pumpkin at the strike of midnight. one of the most enduring animated films of all time, the disney-fide adaptation of the gory brothers grimm fairy tale became a classic in its own right, thanks to some memorable tunes (including "a dream is a wish your heart makes," "bibbidi-bobbidi-boo," and the title song) and some endearingly cute comic relief. the famous slipper (click for larger image) we all know the story--the wicked stepmother and stepsisters simply won't have it, this uppity cinderella thinking she's going to a ball designed to find the handsome prince an appropriate sweetheart, but perseverance, animal buddies, and a well-timed entrance by a fairy godmother make sure things turn out all right. there are a few striking sequences of pure animation--for example, cinderella is reflected in bubbles drifting through the air--and the design is rich and evocative throughout. it's a simple story padded here agreeably with comic business, particularly cinderella's rodent pals (dressed up conspicuously like the dwarf sidekicks of another famous disney heroine) and their misadventures with a wretched cat named lucifer. there's also much harrumphing and exposition spouting by the king and the grand duke. it's a much simpler and more graceful work than the more frenetically paced animated films of today, which makes it simultaneously quaint and highly gratifying.

"cinderella" is one of the most beloved of all disney classics. and it really deserves its status. based on the classic fairy-tale as told by charles perrault, the film follows the trials and tribulations of cinderella, a good girl who is mistreated by her evil stepmother and equally unlikable stepsisters. when a royal ball is held and all eligible young women are invited (read: the king wants to get the prince to marry), cinderella is left at home whilst her stepmother takes her awful daughters with her. but there is a fairy godmother on hand...the story of "cinderella" on its own wouldn't be able to pad out a feature, so whilst generally staying true to the story otherwise, the fairly incidental characters of the animals whom the fairy godmother uses to help get the title character to the ball become cinderella's true sidekicks. the mice jaq and gus are the main sidekicks, and their own nemesis being the stepmother's cat lucifer. their antics intertwine generally with the main fairy-tale plot, and are for the most part wonderful. admittedly, the film does slow down a bit between the main introduction of the characters and shortly before the stepsisters depart for the ball, but after this slowdown, the film really gets going again and surprisingly (since "cinderella" is the most worn down story of all time, probably) ends up as one of the most involving disney stories.the animation and art direction is lovely. all of the legendary nine old men animated on this picture, and mary blair's colour styling and concept art (she also did concept art and colour styling for "alice in wonderland", "peter pan", "the three caballeros" and many many others) manage to wiggle their way on screen. the colours and designs are lovely, especially in the fairy godmother and ball scenes, as well as in those pretty little moments here and there.overall, "cinderella" ranks as one of the best disney fairy-tales and comes recommended to young and all that embodies the disney philosophy that dreams really can come true.

walt disney & his 9 old men put their own 1950 spin on the classic fairy tale of cinderella, which i guess you could say helps form an unofficial "fairy tale princess trilogy" from the classic disney years.the plot: cinderella is a nice girl who can't catch a break. she is the daughter of a nice, wealthy widower who loved her dearly, but her mother passed away when cinderella was very young, and cindy's father felt she needed a mother figure, so he eventually married the woman who would become known as lady tremaine, herself a widow with two daughters about the same age as cinderella, anastasia and drizella. at first they all seemed to get along, but then cinderella's father died, and lady tremaine's true nature was revealed - she was a cold, cruel, callous, heartless, mean spirited woman, and she passed those traits on to her daughters, who were spoiled, bratty, and equally mean spirited. anastasia & drizella hate cinderella because they know deep down that she's better looking and an overall nicer, more attractive lady than themselves (i.e., more appealing to men), and their mother, lady tremaine, hates cindy for pretty much the same reasons. as the years passed lady tremaine began to squander the family fortunes in a stubborn but futile quest to improve/refine her awkward, unattractive daughters (to call them "homely" would be an insult to homely people everywhere) while all three relegated cinderella to being the multi-tasking servant of the house, abusing her, mistreating her and humiliating her every chance they get (they are particularly fond of increasing her already absurd workload). that brings us to cinderella in the present, where she has blossomed into a good looking young lady who somehow manages to remain kind hearted and nice despite her abusive step family and holds on to the hope that one day the tables will turn in her favor. cinderella gets her shot at freedom & happiness when a royal ball is held to introduce the local prince to an eligible young maiden so that he can take her as a wife, settle down, start a family, etc. naturally, her step family tries to keep her from attending, even going so far as to physically assault her and rip up the dress she had procured for herself (with a little help from her mice friends - the dress belonged to her biological mother). finally pushed beyond her breaking point, cinderella runs out into the courtyard and cries in despair. it is at that point that her fairy godmother, a short, plump, jolly woman, arrives and provides cinderella with transportation and a transformed dress (after all, cinderella wouldn't make a very good impression at the ball if she entered the scene looking like she had just gotten gang raped). cindy arrives at the ball, the prince falls hard for her, but that pesky midnight rule gets in the way, forcing her to flee, but leaving behind a glass slipper. make a long story short - after a long harrowing quest to find the mystery girl via trying on the glass slipper, cinderella is found and she and the prince get married, giving her the happy ending she deserves.overall, an enjoyable disney classic. not without its flaws, the most glaring of which is that the prince is little more than a macguffin to help push the plot along - he has very little screen time and even less dialogue, so we never get to know him very well or get a good look at his relationship with cinderella (which is unfortunate since, according to the making of documentary, the prince was originally meant to play a bigger role), and a few additional scenes to help flesh out cinderella herself might have been helpful (there was a song that showed her fantasizing of turning into an army of maids to clean up the house as well as eavesdropping on her step-family post ball to show her amusement at their jealousy, which was cut because walt himself thought it made her look spiteful). still, cinderella herself is a likable enough heroine, even if she is upstaged by her mice friends, and there's a sweetness to the film that is becoming harder to find these days. of course, if this were being made now, cinderella would probably put up more of a struggle against her family during the dress ripping scene and would probably free herself in the climax (either by picking the lock herself or making an impractical yet exciting jump down from her window) but this is beside the point.and for all those who say cinderella sets a bad example for young girls, well, consider this - at least cinderella didn't go around getting publicly drunk and indecently exposed, unlike some modern day "princesses" (you know who i mean).

cinderella was one of the first movies i ever saw, and to me it is timeless. it is a lovely looking film, with gorgeous animation. my favourite animation scene was the dress scene- i just love those mice. the songs are also lovely, not as good as snow white's, but they are a delight to sing, and are reminiscent of tchaikovsky. a dream is a wish and so this is love? are standouts. the characters are also a delight. cinderella is idealistic and strong, and the mice provided great comic relief. the stepsisters were also well done, as well as lucifer. but i loved the stepmother the best, she was really evil, in comparison to a great character in the name of the fairy godmother. it is true, the movie drags slightly, with the antics of the mice, but they were genuinely funny, so i don't care. i don't think it is overrated, underrated don't you mean? it rarely plays on television, but the really bad sequel does on cinemagic on a regular basis. if you want a great cinderella adaptation, try the wonderful ever after, or the lavish slipper and the rose, which isn't as good. but whatever you do, avoid the sequel, which i have the mistake of owning, because you'll thank me. 9/10. bethany cox

"cinderella" is a film about a young girl whose mother passed away and her father remarried. once her father died, cinderella's stepmother became very mean to her and made her do all of the chores around the house, like cleaning up after her two evil stepsisters. one day the king sent out a message to all of the single women to attend the royal ball in honor of his son, to find a wife. of course, cinderella didn't get to go, but her stepsisters did. cinderella was very upset and thought that there was no way she could attend the royal ball, until her fairy godmother appeared. so she did some magic and made cinderella into a beautiful woman, but she had to be back by midnight because that is when the magic changes back. while at the royal ball, cinderella loses track of time and the clock strikes midnight, so she runs out of the palace and loses her glass slipper. then the king orders the duke to find the women who wore that slipper. the duke searched every house, but finally found the women who it belonged to, cinderella.clyde geronimi, wilfred jackson, and hamilton luske directed one of the best animated disney films in 1950. this film is about a magical fairytale. in the beginning of the film cinderella was a servant to her own family and had nobody to love her, but with a little bit of magic her whole life changed around and finally found love.my favorite thing about "cinderella" is the music. when cinderella's fairy godmother appeared doing her magic, she sang the song bibbidi bobbidi boo. when i was a child, it was one of my favorite songs to sing around my house, so i will never forget it. i also loved the part when cinderella and the prince were singing the song so this is love while they were dancing because they realized that they are in love. overall this film was my favorite film when i was a little child because every little girl wants to live a fairy tale life.

out of all the princess stories disney has put out there, cinderella probably has the most enduring appeal. i can't really say why, but for some reason, generation after generation thrusts her to the top of their lists. as a little girl, i wanted nothing more than to be cinderella with her glass slipper- it was my absolute favorite costume.honestly, i don't think there is any story that more realizes the longings of the human heart than cinderella. who has never wanted to run away from the drudgeries of daily life and find someone who sees you as no one else ever had? the story is older than the english language and somehow it still rings true.as for the characters, if nothing else, disney can make a wonderful villain. lady tremaine is evil to the t, in a wonderfully calculating, not overtly physical way. her cutting tongue and eyes do the work for her- she doesn't need staffs of lightening to strike fear into your heart. the animal friends tend to grate, especially that idiotic gus. i would have cheered had he met his fate in lucifer's jaws. cinderella herself was no pushover- making some justly catty remarks at times. however, she just lacked the drive to make her entirely sympathetic. sure, she was nice and fed animals, but what was keeping her at that place? we never know. even if she only became a maid in another house, at least she's be getting paid and have a shot at respect. it seems the only reason things work out in the end for cindy is that everything sort of falls to place in her lap. she never works for her dreams that she sings so fondly of.which brings me to the music, which is lovely, as ever. ilene woods has a lovely, rich voice, probably my favorite of any disney heroine. some big standards originated here- a dream is a wish your heart makes, so this is love, bibbidi bobbidi boo...cinderella is a wonderful heartfelt story with a ton of musical highlights. while it is lacking in some character development, it does provide some classic villains and excellent voice work. if you are feeling sick at heart, pop it in- it'll warm you up and make you hum mmm mmm good!quote of the film:-surprise! surprise! -duh duh duh- happy birthday!

when it comes down to fairy tales, cinderella was the one that made you cry the most. poor cinderella is a girl who had her whole life stolen by 2 evil and ugly stepsisters and a slave-driving step-mother. and thanks to mr. walt disney, we got to witness cinderella in animation.before the story begins, cinderella and her father are lonely, and rich beyond their needs. to share his wealth and to give his daughter some sisters, cinderella's dad marries a woman, but then dies soon after. the stepmother, only seeing dollar signs in her eyes and slavery in her gorgeous step-daughter, cinderella.so for many days, cinderella is a slave to her step-mother and her step-sisters. she has hope however, thanks to her friends, the mice of the home (sounds like cinderella wasn't playing with a full deck.) she has hope that one day she'll find her prince. the chance eventually comes when the prince of the kingdom needs a girlfriend.9/10

cinderella is a beautiful film, with beautiful songs of course. in fact, it's one of the best films of the 1950's.i think all the characters are portrayed amazingly. you can see the cruelness of cinderella's stepsisters and her stepmother, the sweetness of cinderella. the mice are funny and sweet too.i think they changed the tale a bit, but i think it's for the best. it's such a nice film, and i don't think anyone could resist it deep down.i give it a 8/10. i don't think it's the best disney film. but it sure is a true classic.

cinderella is one of disney's greatest films, one of those films i think you appreciate more the older you get. disney creates a magical adaptation of the classic fairytale. i consider the film to have been the greatest of his films at the time of its release. the characters became more dimensional than earlier films, creating more depth to appreciate the characters more. cinderella herself is, in my opinion, one of the greatest characters disney ever created. with her kindness and dash of dry humor, she is extremely likeable; however, it is the inspiration she provides which makes her memorable. like many people she is an endless dreamer, and she holds onto her dreams, never giving up. even in the most adverse of situations, her dreams endure, and she won't let anyone take that away from her. her example should serve as inspiration to everyone, and encouragement to never let go of your dreams.

any child old enough to sit up in front of a screen will be absolutely captivated by the beautifully drawn images and wonderful music in this heartfelt and humorous re-write of the grimms' fairytale. they'll be singing 'bibbity-bobbity-boo' before they can even formulate a complete sentence and will continue singing it till their dying days. it is a classic for all children, especially those adults who are young at heart.

***might not consider this having a spoiler, but i'd rather be cautious than careless*** i never saw this movie when i was little. i fell in love with it the first time i saw it with my three year old daughter. i can watch it over and over again.for the little acting ilene woods did in her lifetime, she was a wonderful voice for cinderella; very appealing; very believable. the music really fit the movie perfectly. the acting was great; loved the mice!! you really "hated" lady tremain and the step-sisters; they were just awful. the cartoonists depicted the spoiled behavior very well.this is a wonderful movie, especially if you are into love stories. my daughter has seen the movie about 25 times and still gets excited at the end.

the 12th animated disney classic is a reasonable movie told through a simple story. even though a little dated, it deserves a place in the list of disney classics.it's not among disney's top works, but is satisfying. one of disney's most "simple" works, yes, but keeps a certain magic and enchantment (which old disney is well known for). this was an important movie because it saved disney from a delicate situation. if this was a failure, there wouldn't be any more disney animated classics."cinderella" is somehow like a return to disney's 1st animated classic ("snow white and the seven dwarfs") because it brings back the fairy tale genre. it's not clear where the story takes place, but i suppose it's somewhere in france because this is based in a tale by charles perrault.there are plenty of likable characters, such as cinderella, the prince, bruno (the dog), jaques and gus (the two main mice), the fairy godmother (for a fairy she sure is funny), the birds, the king and the grand duke.jaques is very smart and amusing. i love his voice. really has that mouse-like quality. gus might not be that smart, but he's humorous.the king is hilarious, but i think that what makes him so funny is his short temper. the grand duke is a very cool chap and funny too. they're two of my favorite characters in this film and responsible for many of the most amusing moments.the prince is certainly one of the most charming in disney. no doubt that prince philip from "sleeping beauty" was inspired on this prince, because they are very similar-looking.on the other hand, lady tremaine (the stepmother) isn't supposed to be likable because she's cold, jealous, bitter and cruel. her daughters (anastacia and drizella) aren't much better than her. however, the stepmother isn't as annoying as her ugly and selfish daughters. cinderella, the main character, has nothing to do with them. cinderella is gentle, kind, pretty and lovable. by the way, i think her beautiful pink dress is much nicer than the one given by the fairy godmother.lucifer (the cat) is hilariously malicious. the way he walks, sticking up his nose in the air and those arrogant and snobbish facial expressions make him funny. ironically he's very much like the stepmother when it comes to personality. he always agrees with the stepmother's attitudes towards cinderella. lucifer has the right name for him because he's such a devilish and mean cat. yet, there's nothing annoying about him.the soundtrack is simple but pleasant, although not among disney's best. the best song in this movie is "bibiddi bobiddi boo".there are plenty of well known talented voice actors in this, such as james macdonald, marion darlington, eleanor audley, verna felton and luis van rooten.despite being simple-looking, the movie has good artwork, as well as its nice details, although never something "out-of-this-world". however, the king's palace is a spectacular masterpiece, being truly majestic and colossal.

we watched this on "the wonderful world of disney" on abc last night, and i came to the conclusion that things must be tighter there at "the mouse" than usual. since this movie only runs 74 minutes, and they had to pad it out to 2 hours of broadcast television time, they had, and i'm not making this up, commercial breaks that lasted 6 to 7 minutes. and during these commercial breaks, they had another advertisement in the guise of a "tv show" hosted by the oh-so-annoying kelly rippa that loudly proclaimed the magical wonders of "cinderella 2: dreams come true".again and again, break after break, disney took time out of the real movie to tell us, the loyal viewers, that we needed to get a copy of the sequel. thank you, disney, for doing us the service of creating a sequel to your beloved gem of a movie.anyway, all this commercialism and cash-register-ringing made it a difficult task to get into the actual movie of "cinderella", because by the time the commercials were over, i had forgotten where the story had left off.but of course, the original "cinderella" still maintains its magic, and the story is still a good one, though we've all seen it countless times. it's a shame they had to cheapen it with all the marketing for what looks to be a lame follow-up.

cinderella....i hadn't watched this film for about five years the last time i saw it. the magic remains. there is something that definitely contains that storybook feel, the songs entertain and the secondary character's all please. the villains in the form of step sisters are perfectly evil and vile. then there is the most magical of all disney, the mice making the dress and well you know the rest. to sum up the four of the disney princess movies are all great but this is a charming magical experience, watch and enjoy. oh and of course, cinderella is wonderful as the main character in the movie.if you think about it disney movies can really lost their charm. with elene wood and others the movie has such a feel to it, you simply can't help but smilethey say the moral of this story is that dreams come true. of course in the real world some are believers others are hoper's. in this film it's even more the magical when her rainbow comes smiling. and of course the rest is...cinderella

walt disney's cinderella takes a story everybody's familiar with and embellishes it with humor and suspense, while retaining the tale's essential charm. disney's artists provide the film with an appealing storybook look that emanates delectable fairy tale atmosphere. it is beautifully, if conventionally, animated; the highlight being the captivating scene where the fairy godmother transforms a pumpkin into a majestic coach and cinderella's rags to a gorgeous gown. mack david, al hoffman, and jerry livingston provide lovely songs like "a dream is a wish your heart makes" and "bibbidi-bobbidi-boo" that enhance both the scenario and the characters.even though cinderella's story is predictable, it provides such thrilling melodrama that one shares the concerns and anxieties of the titular heroine and her animal friends. both the wicked stepmother and her dreadful cat lucifer present a formidable menace that threatens the dreams and aspirations of cinderella and the mice. it is this menace that provides the story with a strong conflict that holds the viewers' interest. the film's suspense, however, is nicely balanced by a serene sweetness, especially in the musical numbers. it is in these segments that reveal the appealing personalities of cinderella and her friends, moving the viewers to care for them. overall, walt disney's cinderella is wonderful family entertainment that has held up remarkably well after half a century.

as a young boy, i always sort of hated "cinderella," since i was outvoted by my two sisters when my parents were considering what disney movie to buy. i wanted "dumbo," but my sisters won out, and we got "cinderella." they thoroughly enjoyed the movie while i sulked in the back of the room playing with my star wars action figures.a lot has changed since then. my love of the disney theme parks landed me an internship at walt disney world, and i now have two young nieces. i like to showcase disney to them as much as i can, and we recently watched "cinderella" together. with my newfound appreciation for all that is disney, i watched "cinderella" with a new perspective and was impressed with what i saw.from the beginning of the movie, though, i didn't quite understand why cinderella was trapped in such a horrible predicament. why was she such a slave to her stepfamily, and why couldn't she just run away? i wasn't too sympathetic to cinderella, but as the story progressed, i found myself becoming immersed in the story. maybe the eye-catching animation or the fun-loving characters drew me in, or maybe it was the timeless songs. listening to songs like "bibbidy-bobbidy-boo" and "a dream is a wish your heart makes" sort of whisked me back to the theme parks. i can picture myself in that carefree and fun atmosphere while looking at the awe-inspiring cinderella castle.something about this movie just evokes the magic of disney. that may make many people scoff, but go to the magic kingdom and see all the little girls dressed up like cinderella that are excited to be in this fantasy world, and you'll know what i'm talking about. the images of cinderella and the glass slipper - as well as mickey mouse, winnie the pooh, and tinkerbell - embody why disney is one of the most beloved companies in the entire world.while "cinderella" may not be the strongest story, it is sort of iconic in disney and movie history. it represents that fun, idealistic, and fantasy-like wonderment we held when we were kids. i imagine this movie holds a lot of meaning to many, many people out there. it may not be my favorite disney movie, but it does represent all that i love and admire about the company.my imdb rating: 10/10. my yahoo! grade: a (outstanding)

cinderella takes me back, when i was a little girl i loved the princesses of disney. cinderella was one of my favorites because i always was so enchanted by the story. any child or family members will enjoy this wonderful and magical story.we have cinderella who is a beautiful girl enslaved by her wicked step mother and ugly step sisters. she cleans and cooks for them without ever receiving thanks. the only friends she has in the world are the mice in the attic that are so charming and musical. when the ladies receive an invitation to the king's ball to find a lady for his son, the prince, a.k.a. prince charming, they all get excited, cinderella overhears the exciting news and asks if she could come too. her step mother makes a false promise and says if she does her chores and such, she can come too. of course, she doesn't keep her promise and destroys a beautiful dress she and the mice made for the ball. leaving poor cinderella behind, a wonderful thing happens, cinderella's fairy god mother appears and creates a beautiful dress and carriage out of things from around the house and even makes the mice and horses into elegant horses and a driver for the carriage. when the prince sees cinderella at the ball, he has fallen hard for her. all the ladies are jealous, including her step mother and sisters. but cinderella must return home at midnight when the spell is broken, all she leaves behind is her glass slipper. the next day the prince is on a hunt to find this girl who fits the slipper and is making a stop at cinderella's house where her step mother has found out about her night and locks her in her room. can she escape in time to tell the prince that it was her at the ball? you'll just have to find out. trust me, this is a true disney classic with beautiful animation and classic music that is so charming. you can't help but fall in love with this masterpiece. a dream is a wish your heart makes, this movie captures everything a girl could want.9/10

people criticise disney's animated features of the 1950s for being overly glossy, set in landscapes that are much too pristine. that criticism is just. and yet it can't be the whole story, because the two least glossy - "alice in wonderland" and "peter pan" - are also the weakest. "cinderella", on the other hand, set in a world in which the very dirt sparkles, is clearly the best.it does look good. the backgrounds are subtle and consistent; the colours are pure without being too bright. the animation varies a bit. i'll swear that some of the humans are rotoscoped - but then, the rotoscoped humans (including cinderella herself) aren't full-blooded characters in the script, so this approach works well enough. it's really the animals that make the movie. i think the studio had never quite used animals in this way before, as totems rather than sidekicks. the mice, for instance, are the creatures who draw us into the story; but they are really representatives or allies of the more colourless cinderella. the cat, lucifer, is a kind of witch's familiar to the wicked stepmother. (the cat is brilliantly conceived and animated - one of the best feline creations of all time. the supervising animator was ward kimball and he modelled it on his own cat. i wonder how he put up with the animal.) this approach allows the animals to steal the show without drawing our attention from the main story. their actions are of maximum interest only in the light of the main story.among the supporting cast the notable humans are the king and the grand duke. the king is a one note character - he wants grandchildren and appears to have no other desires at all - but the note is struck in a pleasing fashion. the grand duke is a put-upon character who deserves to be lifted out of his sphere as much as cinderella does. (although he, of course, is richer.)"cinderella" is disney's return to features after an eight-year hiatus, and neither with it nor with any subsequent movie would he recapture the raw brilliance of his early years. moreover he made things hard for himself by picking "cinderella". she's a passive heroine and there's not much anyone can do about that. (maybe i'm wrong on this score - i haven't seen the recent "ever after".) nonetheless it is remarkable how successful disney was in bringing this unpromising story to life, without cutting across the grain of its spirit.

legendary movie producer walt disney brought three of the world's greatest fairy tales to the screen. they remain among the most popular animated films of all time. the first was his groundbreaking classic "snow white and the seven dwarfs" released in 1937. the last was the then-under appreciated "sleeping beauty" which made it's debut in 1959. in between these two was perhaps his most satisfying adaptation of a classic fairy tale: "cinderella" (1950). of the three films, "cinderella" is the one most faithful to its origins. ironically, unlike "snow white", which for better or worse, became for many the definitive version of the story. "cinderella" did not follow the same path. although it was a hit and, like "snow white", was responsible for restoring the dwindling disney fortunes, it never achieved the same audience recognition which it certainly deserved. disney, for once, did himself proud, electing not to tamper with a classic, instead elaborating and adding substance to the tale, rather than rewriting it for the screen. the result was enchanting. a combination of superb animation (in beautifully soft technicolor) and the perfect voice talents brought the story to life with a radiance that endures to this day. ilene woods, who was a radio performer, recorded demonstration discs of the songs as a favor to the authors of the material, al hoffman, mack david, and jerry livingston. when disney heard them, he knew he had found his cinderella. and indeed he had. woods heartfelt renditions of "a dream is a wish your heart makes", "so this is love" and "oh sing sweet nightingale" are perfect. eleanor audley, who would go on to voice maleficent in "sleeping beauty", masterfully captured the icy cruelty of the stepmother, while rhoda williams and lucille bliss were convincingly nasty stepsisters. luis van rooten admirably performed as both the king and the grand duke, and james macdonald was endearing as both jaq and gus, cinderella's devoted mice. william phipps has little dialog as the prince (future talk show host mike douglas provided his singing voice) but film (and disney) veteran, verna felton was born to play the fairy godmother, and she made the best number, (the oscar-nominated "bibbidi-bobbidi-boo") her own show-stopper. among the artists responsible for the "look" of the film, was mary blair, whose inspired use of color was greatly admired by disney. her elegant french-period backgrounds add tremendously to the quality of the movie. but, most important of all' are the believable characters--from cinderella, right down to lucifer, the stepmother's deliciously evil cat. they bring both life and vibrancy to the often told story, something very difficult to create in an animated film.in conjunction with the film's 55-year anniversary, (and, not so coincidentally, the coming holiday season) "cinderella" has just been released on a special edition dvd. it simply has never looked better. the fully restored film must be seen to be appreciated--suffice it to say, it looks wonderful. an enhanced stereo soundtrack has been added, and serves the music well. the dvd extras, now a standard part of disney platinum editions, are too numerous to list here, but as usual, some are directed towards children, some are slanted to adults, and the rest fall somewhere in between. but real fans will want to get the deluxe gift set, because, along with an actual cell from the film and eight character sketches, it includes a 160-page hardback book, which not only incorporates most of the material found in the book with the 1995 special edition home video release, but much more as well. as usual for disney, "cinderella" will only be available for a limited time. so, if like me, you are a "cinderella" lover, get it now! this edition is truly a "dream come true."

not a film to be taken seriously, but a great little film nonetheless.it's definitely not just a piece of fluff. the acting, imo, is excellent.one of those films you wouldn't go out of your way to see, but it brings a smile every time it comes around on cable. like an old friend.definitely worth seeing if you get the chance.- - - - - - - -

good work by everyone, from scriptwriters, director, and cast; a lovely fun film that becomes believable for sentimental reasons only; a good film for television on those cloudy, cold wintry days when you just want to sit back and enjoy.

every scene was put together perfectly.this movie had a wonderful cast and crew. i mean, how can you have a bad movie with robert downey jr. in it,none have and ever will exist. he has the ability to brighten up any movie with his amazing talent.this movie was perfect! i saw this movie sitting all alone on a movie shelf in "blockbuster" and like it was calling out to me,i couldn't resist picking it up and bringing it home with me. you can call me a sappy romantic, but this movie just touched my heart, not to mention made me laugh with pleasure at the same time. even though it made me cry,i admit, at the end, the whole movie just brightened up my outlook on life thereafter.i suggested to my horror, action, and pure humor movie buff of a brother,who absolutely adored this movie. this is a movie with a good sense of feeling.it could make you laugh out loud, touch your heart, make you fall in love,and enjoy your life.every time you purposefully walk past this movie, just be aware that you are consciously making the choice to live and feel this inspiring movie.who knows? what if it could really happen to you?, and keep your mind open to the mystical wonders of life.

chances are uses that marvelous song by the same name throughout the film. robert downey, jr. is excellent in this movie. his extra large eyes and wonderfully variable facial expressions are part of expertise in acting as different people in diverse films. compare robert downey, jr. in chaplin. you will enjoy chances are. i did.

i've just seen this movie for the second time on television. it's lovely, warm, sentimental, very very romantic. i've rarely seen actors better able to reveal by their movements and gestures love for another -cybill shepherd, ryan o'neal, robert downey,jr. and especially mary stuart masterson simply outdo themselves. masterson probably has the hardest role and is just adorable. the movie is in the vein of both romantic movies such as while you were sleeping, when harry met sally, sleepless in seattle and the "high gimmick" sorts of movies like big, back to the future, peggy sue got married. i hate to say this, because this cast was superb and i'd never change any of them- but i think it didn't succeed as well as the movies mentioned above because the box office appeal of the cast was just not as great as meg ryan, tom hanks, michael j. fox, and kathleen turner at the time the movie was made. it's not superbly written - e.g., the characters' lines are not particularly memorable. yet it's executed to perfection. the romantic yearnings are truly palpable, the "feeling" of people falling in love is exquisitely communicated, love's timelessness and all-encompassing sweep, the feeling of loss and desire to recapture that connection, are so touchingly delivered. again and again, you will find yourself moved. actually, a comparable movie is made in heaven -the same romantic yearning.do see this - it's lovely.

i happen to run into this movie one night so i decided to watch it! i was very pleased with the movie... i thought it was a wonderful plot. it's a great feeling knowing a deceased one has come back and you get that second chance to say what you want to say! and this wife stayed devoted for 23 years!!! i thought it was a great movie!!

this isn't the best romantic comedy ever made, but it is certainly pretty nice and watchable. it's directed in an old-fashioned way and that works fine. cybill shepherd as corinne isn't bad in her role as the woman who can't get over her husband's death. she has a sexy maturity. but i can't say much for ryan o'neal as philip, because he is, at best, nondescript. he may be adequate in the role, but that's not good enough.however, i get the feeling that some of the characters, particularly alex and miranda, are not written with enough in-depth thought. we don't know anything else about them because minutes after they appear the story gets thick, and the writers don't tell us much beyond what happens. but that problem was salvaged because mary stuart masterson has a fresh-as-a-daisy sweetness to brighten it up, and robert downey jr. is so charming that he melts the screen. even his smile is infectious. and it so happens that his big dreamy eyes are perfect for the deja vu and flashback scenes.anyway, this movie is light and easy and if you like them that way, why not give it a try.

people call this a comedy, but when i just watched it, i laughedonly once. i guess the problem is that i first saw it when i was 14,and i wasn't old enough to understand that it wasn't meant to betaken seriously. there were quite a few scenes that were meantto be funny, but i cared too much about the characters to laugh atthem.i suggest that you watch this film next time you're falling in love,and try to take it seriously. i think you'll find that, despite a few sillyflaws, it's one of the most moving love stories you've ever seen.

nay sayers of this film are likely bitter from some seriously unrequited love. this is a great film for anyone capable of understanding johnny mathis's song, or any song from that era: bobby darin's, beyond the sea... or stan getz's, the girl from ipanema, et al...i measure films by how many times i have to watch them before i'm satisfied... chances are had me back a few good times.i also watch the synergy between the cast... i thought they worked well together.open your heart, and let the comedic magic of film transport you.'alan

i don't think i could have enjoyed it more, though certain things were disturbing. i'm not going to say what, if you haven't seen it...you'll have to find out for yourself. at any rate, what movie can lack with robert downey jr.'s puppy-dog eyes? all-in-all, the plot was developed sufficiently. nothing seemed too rushed, as movies like this tend to be. the characters were like-able, and there were plenty of hilarious scenes in it. the idea over-all is that the story is very well tied together, even if certain aspects may be unsatisfactory...by matter of opinion. but like i said before, it's hard not to love any movie with robert downey jr.

ordinarily i really enjoy movies like "chances are," but i wasn't quite satisfied with this one for a few reasons. the first half was pretty well done overall, with alex finch dying and being reincarnated in a new body (played by robert downey jr.). he meets up with his wife (cybill shepherd) and friend (ryan o'neal) and his daughter, who is now grown up. the scenes with them meeting again and downey rediscovering who he once was are well done, and there is a good amount of emotion and happiness once shepherd finally believes its really her husband reincarnated, but from there the film goes downhill. there are several sex-related scenes that turned me off completely, especially downey and shepherd wanting to get together again despite the difference in their age now. after that, however, the film manages to end in the most satisfying way possible, considering the circumstances of the plot. i was disappointed because i did not expect the film to become so immoral by the end. there was great potential with this story, and the scenes in heaven are well done. there is a good theme song sung by peter cetera and cher, but ultimately the film is not great. for a better, similar film, try "heaven can wait." decent, but i really kind of wish i hadn't seen it because of the scenes in the second half.*** out of ****

what a loss the passing of director emile ardolino was! he could take a light script and, with the right casting and editing, put a twinkle in it and make it shine like a star. this particular star may not be the brightest in the sky as great romances go, but it is definitely one that keeps you tuned in to the end. you really want to know how things are going to work out.the script is perfect for cybill shepherd, who at the time needed to capitalize on her "moonlighting" success for the new generation who was (fortunately for her) probably unaware of how many big screen major duds she had after a very promising start. in this film she's every bit back in form as a still-pining widow living vicariously through her daughter (mary stuart masterson on the cusp of stardom which would peak with "fried green tomatoes" two years later). she may have looked too young for the role, but that works well for the way the story unfolds. this is her film, but she doesn't overstep her bounds as a lead.shepherd graciously allows robert downey jr. to carry much of the film and shows a more mature comic flair than he had in his previous films to that point. and there's ample support from ryan o'neal (in his best role in years) and christopher macdonald. masterson's natural charm pretty much coasts on its own, either that or she has a way of making her character seem like a breath of fresh air with every word.ardolino makes good use of his cast's sex appeal the same way he did with "dirty dancing", but this film is not quite as sizzling so you could still watch it with your parents if they happened to be in the room. (use your best judgment, they're your parents after all.) i give this film a high mark because it is very user friendly, romantic comedy enthusiasts will find it sublime, and those who are just watching along with them should find plenty of humor to enjoy as well.again, credit goes to emile ardolino for making the most of a charming script by randy and perry howze. (where are they now?) ardolino's next film would be the phoned-in sequel to "three men and a baby" but his final theatrical release (sister act) would finally give him the nine-figure-grossing smash hit he deserved. mr. ardolino, your cinematic touch is missed!

i've always been a big cybill shepperd fan, ever since i saw her series a few years ago!! this film certainly shows her in her best light yet!! the film was so wonderfully cast and played!! every now and again she drops little amusing lines, just to make this film one of the best i've ever seen!! everybody really out does themselves!! especially robert downey jr and cybill shepperd, they really made the film come true!! also i loved the little bit where mavis loses her wig and she nearly dies when she falls to the floor!! this is film at its best!!

another downey must-see! if you are an obsessed fan like me, you have got to see this movie! he plays alex finch, a 22 year old yale grad who realizes that the life he just came into is the life he left 26 years earlier. alex is the re-incarnation of louie jeffries, a no-nonsense lawyer happily married to corrine (cybil sheppard). louie is killed on their one-year anniversary when he is hit by a car. he demands to go back, only this time in the body of alex finch. enter robert downey jr., a lot of confusion, and a lot of laughs.although this movie is 15-years old, it still makes you wonder if there really is such a thing as re-incarnation. and if so, how often to you meet the same souls life after life. i don't know the answer. but i do know that you need to see this movie. it is a riot, and downey looks so good in a tuxedo. this film makes you believe in love, and true love never dies. it just gets recycled.

yes, i'm sentimental & schmaltzy!! but this movie (and it's theme song) remain one of my all time greats!! robert downey jr. does such justice to the role of "louis jeffries" reincarnated and the storyline (although far-fetched) is romantic & makes one believe in happy endings!!

a charming romantic comedy. the plot is a little too complicated--i tried to summarize it three times and i can't. suffice to say it's worth seeing. the movie is funny, beautiful--the plot is totally unrealistic but it works. everybody in the movie is so nice and everything looks so great--it creates a sweet, romantic feel through the entire film. the acting is great--robert downey jr. and cybill shepherd are in top form and enjoying every second of it. ryan o'neal and mary stuart masterson are just ok but fine. if you're a sucker for good, sweet sentimental films (like me), catch this one. also downey looks great in his underwear!extra bonuses--the title song sung by johnny mathis and another great song "after all" sung by cher and peter cetera.

chances are is a charming romantic fantasy about a woman (cybill shepherd) whose husband (christopher mcdonald) is killed shortly after learning she is pregnant. we then see the husband in heaven letting the powers that be know that he was taken too soon and that his wife needs him. he is told he can return to earth but not as himself. flashforward 19 years where we see shepherd's daughter (mary stuart masterson) preparing to graduate from college and encountering a young man (robert downey jr.)who, it turns out is the reincarnation of her father. the film is a little on the predictable side...the story goes all the places you expect it to, but it is so charmingly played by an energetic cast (especially shepherd and downey) that you can't help but get wrapped up in the fun. shepherd has rarely been seen on screen to better advantage and she and downey are backed by a talented group of character actors in supporting roles. a lovely and charming fantasy that will engulf and enchant you.

writers perry and randy howze crafted a very engaging little story in "chances are." using the idea of a reincarnated man who happens to return to his former wife's home many years later, the plot takes unexpected, delightful turns.twenty four year old robert downey, jr. renders a delightful performance, ably assisted by cybil shepherd as the widow and ryan o'neal as a good friend. this trio has just the right chemistry for this caper, playing off one another with a graceful style. i've watched this film a number of times on tv, and each time found it most enjoyable.

i was always a big fan of this movie, first of all have you seen the cast, the acting is superb and help make this movie move along very well. cybill shepherd was given great reviews for her role, and they were well deserved. the beginning of this movie starts in the past when corinne jeffries (cybill) whose picture-perfect marriage comes to a shattering halt when her husband louie dies unexpectedly. fortunately, louse gets a second shot at life when he agrees to be "recycled" back to earth as the newborn alex finch (robert downey, jr). alex goes on to live his new life forgetting his past life while corinne tries to get on with hers. but fate crosses alexs path 23 years later when he meets corinne's daughter miranda (mary stuart masterson) and is suddenly flooded with a wealth of unwanted memories (this is where the fun begins, and embarrassing situations occur.) the music is great and the scenes are heart felt and very cute. you wont be disappointed if you give it a chance, chances are you'll like it. very funny and sweet!

coming from the same director who'd done "candyman" and "immortal beloved", i'm not surprised it's a good film. ironically, "papierhaus" is a movie i'd never heard of until now, yet it must be one of the best movies of the late 80s - partly because that is hands down the worst movie period in recent decades. (not talking about iranian or swedish "cinema" here...) the acting is not brilliant, but merely solid - unlike what some people here claim (they must have dreamt this "wondrous acting", much like anna). the story is an interesting fantasy that doesn't end in a clever way that ties all the loose ends together neatly. these unanswered questions are probably left there on purpose, leaving it up to the individual's interpretation, and there's nothing wrong with that with a theme such as this. "pepperhaus" is a somewhat unusual mix of kids' film and horror, with effective use of sounds and music. i like the fact that the central character is not your typical movie-cliché ultra-shy-but-secretly-brilliant social-outcast girl, but a regular, normal kid; very refreshing. i am sick and tired of writers projecting their own misfit-like childhoods into their books and onto the screens, as if anyone cares anymore to watch or read about yet another miserly, lonely childhood, as if that's all there is or as if that kind of character background holds a monopoly on good potential. the scene with anna and the boy "snogging" (for quite a stretch) was a bit much - evoking feelings of both vague disgust and amusement - considering that she was supposed to be only 11, but predictably it turned out that burke was 13 or 14 when this was filmed. i have no idea why they didn't upgrade the character's age or get a younger actress. it was quite obvious that burke isn't that young. why directors always cast kids older than what they play, hence dilute the realism, i'll never know.

i'm giving it only 9 out of 10, because i need to view it again, in a more current mind-frame to have a fresh perspective. what i remember is an amazing psychological thriller that dazzled my brain and my eyes when i watched it. i would watch it every time it came on hbo back in the day (probably 1990 or so). i might have even recorded it, but that recording is long gone, i'm sure.i wrote to greencine to try and get this title in, they currently don't carry it. i hope i can find it at a local video store.i would highly recommend giving it a try if you find it somewhere. it's interesting at the very least. if you enjoyed movies such as edward scissorhands, beetlejuice, gummo, or anything sort of strange and along those lines, try this one out.

this is one of three 80's movies that i can think of that were sadly overlooked at the time and unfortunately, still overlooked. one of the others was clownhouse directed by victor salva, a movie horribly overlook due to salva's legal/sexual problems. another would be cameron's closet which strikes me as somewhat underrated--not great, but not nearly as bad as the reviews i've seen. paper house is well worth your time and i think that it is one of those very quiet films that will just stick in your brain for far longer than you might think. i mean, 10 years after i've seen it and i still give it some pause, whereas something that i might have seen 6 months ago has gone into the ether.

i first saw this movie when i was about 10 years old. unfortunately i could not watch it to the end because it was aired late at night. now i bought it on dvd because i can remember that i liked it.this is really not an ordinary horror movie. it has some horror elements but i rather categorize it as fantasy. i liked it but i hoped for a bit more horror and scary scenes. especially the scene when anna's dad comes into the paperhouse trying to kill her is a bit short.now to the plot. this movie is about a young girl named anna who gets ill. while she is ill and has to lie in her bed because of her high fewer she turns on to finishing her drawing about a house - the paperhouse. when she fells a sleep, which often strangely happens just immediately, she finds herself near the house on a big green field. she realizes that the house is exactly like the one she has drawn and that every new detail also appears in her dreams. one day she draws a boy into the house to have somebody to talk to. as she forgets to draw his legs (because he is sitting behind a window) the boy cannot walk. later she is being told by the doctor, that a boy also has this strange disease and she realizes that with the boy she has drawn, she also got that boy into her disturbing dreams. she also notices that it gets harder and harder for her to wake up from her dreams. as she misses her father who is ofter abroad she draws her father into the house. she makes a mistake and her father is looking very angry on the painting. she tries to rubber him out but realizes that she cannot change anything already drawn. and next time she falls asleep the horror begins. her father is mad and blind (because she draw s*** on his head to mark him as 'invalid') and tries to get into the paperhouse and kill anna and his friend. her dreams became a horrendous nightmare. they manage to escape and to kill her father and anna can finally wake up. than anna finds her self in the hospital where her parents are sitting beside her bed. the doctors thought that she fell into a coma or so. they tell anna that the other boy died and that they want to travel to the ocean to get over those tragical happenings. anna draws a watchtower and notices that the same watchtower can be found near the hotel they traveled to. she runs to the watchtower and meets the boy (i am just not mentioning his name because i cannot remember it and do not want to go back to the previous html page) and can say good bye to him and forget those terrible dreams forever.there were a few thing i did not understand in the movie. first of all it was the ending which i absolutely dislike. i think it is too long while the main part of the movie becomes a bit too short. how does the boy fly a helicopter and speak to anna as he is supposed to be dead? why did you have to put such a stupid radio on the wall? i hated that scene it was so dumb to me. it almost ruined the main horror scene.things i liked were the scene with the photograph of anna's dad which was the first real scary and horror scene. i liked the boy. the actor was awesome. he was even better than anna. i also liked how anna tries to get her father out of the painting while she is asleep and how she is looking for it in the garbage.overall a good movie. i give it a 8 out of 10.

49. paperhouse (thriller/horror, 1988) sick in bed with a fever 11-year old anna (charlotte burke) has only her drawings to keep her company. her health progressively worsens as a series of mysterious 'black outs' grip her. in each of these episodes she dreams of a house in a desolate field, with only a sickly-invalid boy named marc (elliot spiers) inhabiting it. when a dark, unknown danger threatens her idyllic "paperhouse", the life of marc is put in jeopardy. her life is also in danger as these dreams mirror her own state of health.critique: haunting first debut feature from british director bernard rose. taken from a fable ("marianne dreams") by catherine storr, it leaves plenty of other 'original' fantasy works in its wake. whenever a story deals with dreams and nightmares it is hard to give it the mixture of fable and reality to make it work in film form. director rose successfully captures the children fantasy world aspect along with a darkness that seeks to usurp them.feverishly scored by phillip glass, rose knows how to use music wisely with expertly timed 'jump out of your seat' moments. most thrillers are very sloppy in this all-important aspect of scaring the audience into not knowing what the next scene will bring. i also like the way he captures suspense and never lets it go or falter sluggishly into the next sequence of events. also, his mastery of placing objects within the frame (as in his p.o.v.shots) gives the cinematography an added dimension it would otherwise seem to lack. only in europe will you find such ominous looking places as the ones presented here: the lonely house, the fields, coastal towns, watchtower etc. rose would follow this film with "candyman" (1992), a true 'thinking person's' horror gem and bona fide cult horror favorite.

this film is fantastic as it explores storytelling and fantasy in the way a child would, for adults. the idea of a child's drawings becoming a place she can physically visit and have influence over is wonderful. at the same time you could get all child psychologist about it and say she's really exploring her subconscious, just as we all do in our dreams when we sleep. the bit that gives me goose-pimples is when her dad is in the paper house, and chases her. the only thing i can't stand is that it was marketed as a horror film...it really isn't. if you want to see something british with plenty of storyline which keeps you guessing without the usual cheap thrills most films have to use, then watch paperhouse.

this is a wonderfully written and well acted psychological drama. it is not really a horror flick so those looking for something like the ring or the grudge will be disappointed. what really surprised me about this film was the intelligence and subtle attention to detail in the plot and the effort made to be internally consistent. i also appreciated the absence of dr. phil psychobabble or new age revisionism. rather than advancing an agenda, the filmmakers just told the story, told it well and let the viewer think about it. the sparse dreamscapes were reminiscent of wyeth paintings and amazingly effective. a great example of how to make a good film on a small budget, without big studios, star actors, big-name directors (this was far better than many of hitchcock's films), special effects or "clever" plot twists.

i'm glad that this is available on dvd now. this film is an excellent example of the triumph of content & style over empty-headed flashing lights & constant loud noises.essentially, if you have a short attention span or lack the wit & imagination to engage with literary narrative you won't like this film. the reasons for this are quite simple, but unfortunately rarely achieved: matthew jacobs has done a fantastic job of transposing the story of catherine storr's novel 'marianne dreams' successfully to a screenplay. an unenviable task as anyone who has seen a film of a book will undoubtedly know.the casting is excellent, allowing director bernard rose to use the actors in a way that is rarely seen now; they indulge in the craft of acting! i know, i know, actors doing their job & acting instead of resorting to mugging inanely at the camera lens whist a kaleidoscope of car chases, explosions & fire fights break out around them is a genuinely rare treat, but it does actually happen in this film.this brings me to the final reason that this is a film for the imaginative thinker & not the spoon-fed tabloid reader - apart from a solid script, direction & acting, it relies on atmosphere, suspense & implied horror. if it is to be categorized as horror then the presentation of 'paper house' is more in the vein of sophocles than tobe hooper.in conclusion then, if you like lots of loud noises, explosions, constant cuts, & bright flashing colours you'd be better off watching 'transformers', but if you like a suspenseful story which unfolds through a skillful & evocative use of narrative without insulting your intelligence by force feeding you cacophonous nonsense then this might just be your thing.

i've only ever seen this film once before, about ten years ago. i bought the dvd two days ago and after watching it i think it is even better than i remembered it to be.paperhouse is much more than just a horror. it had such an amazing level of emotion and great characterisation running through it. i especially thought charlotte burke was really excellent here. it's such a pity that she hasn't done anything else as she was an excellent actress altogether. her portrayal of emotion throughout the film was perfect with just the right amount of subtlety to get the message across, especially at the end when she realised that although marc had died, she knew he was going to be alright.several scenes did make me jump (which is a rarity for me in modern horror films), most notably the scene in the bathtub, the scene where anna's father was chasing her with the weird radio in the background and the bit where the legs broke apart and crumbled to dust.all in all, an excellent and very moving film.

who would have thought that such an obscure little film could be so haunting and touching? i am really impressed. it's a shame that more people have not seen it. i loved, as always, hans zimmer's score. and what a directorial debut by bernard rose! yet i wonder if i should call this a horror film. it could easily be argued that it is a fantasy or a drama as well. well, regardless, i love the interpretive potential it has. everything and everyone in anna's (played by charlotte burke)dreams represents a real conflict in her life...the house itself, the tree, mark, the lighthouse, etc. it is the many details such as these that make the film so good for repeated viewings. i hope i come across another little movie as loaded with emotion and psychological meaning as this one some time soon.

not knowing what this film was about, i checked it out at the video store and after seeing it, i enjoyed it. little seen multi-genre flick from director bernard rose (candyman, immortal beloved). great story and characters. as a fan of glenne healdy's, i was surprised of her british accent. the only exception for this film was the ending. however, it is worth the rent.

as a lover of the surreal (in art and film) i was pleased to discover this film on ifc. it is definitely a keeper. most of the other reviews tell the general plot (not all correct) so i won't bother to bore anyone with that. the main thing is the alternate worlds concept which is brought on by ana's impending illness, and the way she manages to link with someone else after being so "alone", and finally with her family, which i believe is still at least a little troubled. it only can be called a horror movie in that it has frightening scenes but is a fantasy (with a little hint of "coming of age" only because ana is a pre-teen who "hates boys"). i heartily recommend it to those who appreciate the stretch of their imagination.

my name is john mourby and this is my story about paperhouse: in may 2003 i saw alfred hitchcock's psycho, i was very scared and deeply disturbed. i began a frantic search for a film that was frightening in the same way. but none where satisfactory. amongst those tried and failed were the birds, night of the living dead, the silence of the lambs, the blair witch project, ring, the evil dead, the sixth sense, 28 days later, the texas chainsaw massacre, halloween, near dark, alien, peeping tom, the cell, rosemary's baby, don't look now, witchfinder general, friday the 13th and the omen. that should confirm i was desperate! long after i had stopped searching i found out about paperhouse .paperhouse is based on a favourite book that i own, called marianne dreams. paperhouse had also come up in some of the books i had found on horror films, but they didn't tell me about the link between book and film. i discovered the truth while on the internet, i bought the film later that day.i thought paperhouse would not be faithful to the book and dull. unfaithal it certainly was but dull certainly not. it was the answer to my prayers marianne is renamed anna in the film but most of the original story is the same. one day in school anna draws a house in her scrap book (nothing remarkable about that) then she becomes ill and every time she faints or falls asleep she finds herself outside a creepy old house (and i mean genuinely unnerving). more she also finds that every time she puts something new in the drawing it appears in the dreamworld, eg an apple tree. anna draws into the dreamworld a rather sad boy named mark who apparently is a person in the real world. mark is a cripple but wants to leave the house, obligingly anna draws in a lighthouse (a place to go to) but still the problem remains mark can't walk. so anna decides to draw her father in. she gets her pencil out and gets too work, but the outcome is deformed and unsettling anna particularly dislikes his eyes. quote "he looks like madman". so anna tries to rub him out and start again, but the pencil proves indelible (that means nothing can be rubbed out). then anna loses her temper and crosses out her father's eyes! i leave you too find out for you self the terrible consequences of the rash action.paperhouse truly is the british answer to a nightmare on elm street! the viewing of this film left me shocked and upset. but i have found what i was looking for after 2 years. the question is how dose the compare with psycho? answer, 1 the old dark house, 2 psychological parental fears, 3 a genuine shock, 4 and very scary music.

anna (charlotte burke) develops a strange fever that causes her to pass out and drift off into a world of her own creation. a bleak world she drew with a sad little boy as the inhabitant of an old dumpy house in the middle of a lonely field. lacking in detail, much like any child drawing the house and it's inhabitant marc (who can't walk because anna didn't draw him any legs) are inhabitants of this purgatory/limbo world. anna begins visiting the boy and the house more frequently trying to figure what's what and in the process tries to help save the boy, but her fever is making it harder for her to wake up each time and may not only kill her, but trap her and marc there forever.wow! is a good word to sum up bernard rose's brilliantly haunting and poetic paperhouse. a film that is so simple that it's damn near impossible to explain and impossible to forget. while you may find this puppy in your horror section it's anything but. it's more of a serious fantasy, expertly directed, and exceptionally well acted by it's cast, in particular charlotte burke and elliot speirs (marc). and yet, it's not a children's movie either, but meant to make us remember those carefree days of old that are now just dark memories. rose creates a rich tapestry of moody ambiance that creates a thrilling backdrop for the brilliant story and great actors to play with. paperhouse stays away from trying to explain it's more dreamy qualities and leaves most things to the viewers imagination. there's much symbolism and ambiguity here to sink your teeth into. paperhouse enjoys playing games with the viewers mind, engrossing you with it's very own sense of reasoning. as the story unfolded i was again and again impressed at just how powerful the film managed to be up to the finale which left me with a smile on my face and a tear in my eye.bernard rose's visuals are brilliant here. he's able to create an unnervingly bleak atmosphere that appears simple on the surface, but as a whole is much greater than the sum of it's parts. the acting is of young charlotte burke in this, her feature debut, is a truly impressing as well. unfortunately she's not graced the screen since. a much deserved burnout central award only seems proper for that performance. toward the end the movie lags a bit here and there, but i was easily able to overlook it. i wished they had took a darker turn creating a far more powerful finale that would have proved to be all the more unnerving and truly riveting in retrospect. the movie as is, is still one for the books and deserves to be seen by any serious film lover. it's a poetic ride told through the innocent eyes of a child, a powerful film in which much is left to be pondered and far more to be praised.

put quite simply, this film is terrifying.it starts off simply, looking like a study of a rebellious young girl and goes on to become a beautifully crafted horror film.don't expect gore, or zombies. this is psychological, and just as he would also do in candyman, bernard rose manages to convey the horror that is not being believed.each time you watch this film, you realise more about what's happening, and about how the two worlds in this film interconnect.drawings have never been scarier.

my friend and i picked "paperhouse" out of a random pile of movies on our weekly excursion to the horror section-- neither of us had heard of it, but the blurb on the box was really promising. and the movie didn't disappoint, though i still probably wouldn't call it a horror movie exclusively.11-year old anna madden draws a house, and visits it in her dreams. she is definitely asleep when she's seeing the house, but it's so real in a sense that it's almost like a completely separate reality. which, in view of later events, doesn't seem like a far cry from the truth. anyhow, she finds she can add to the house, its contents and its surroundings by simply adding to the picture. while this is going on, anna is getting increasingly more ill with a fever, and besides that is getting totally obsessed with the house and her drawing. on top of that, she and her mother are also dealing with her absent father; he has a job that takes him away for long stretches, though one gets the impression there's actually more to the story than that.ok, so the drawing stuff sounds nice enough-- but frankly there's something really menacing about it. the dreamworld is eerily surreal -- the house, for instance, is just a grey block in the middle of a desolate field. the folks who made the movie did a great job of making us very uncomfortable with this alternate world/ongoing dream...one of the things anna adds to the house is a boy, mark, who seems to be the same patient her doctor keeps talking about (i'm not giving that away, you know from the moment he appears that it's the same kid). in reality, mark can't walk due to an illness; in anna's drawing-world, he can't walk because she didn't draw him any legs. she blames herself for his real-life illness, and tries to rectify the situation, but... everything starts getting really weird. she even brings her absent father into the drawing, with disastrous results. the bits with the father are really terrifying.i don't want to give anything away, so i'll stop there... there seems to be a lot going on in this film. i'm sure you'll have a ball analyzing this thing do death with your pals after you watch it-- is it a simple a story as it seems, or are there actually layers of meaning? i don't know, but either way it's quite fascinating. there was a "nightmare on elm street"-ish quality about it, in that at a certain point reality and dreams intersect. i love things like that.my only complaint is that it feels like it could have ended many times, but didn't. i'm satisfied with the ending it had (some of you sensitive types might want to have kleenex handy!), though it really could have a variety of conclusions. anyway, it doesn't exactly feel drawn out once it's actually over, but while you're watching and it keeps fading back in, it's a little nerve wracking.still, "paperhouse" is a really good film. it's well done, and acting-- especially charlotte burke as anna-- is top notch. burke, who has never before or since appeared in a film, is a real gem. i don't know why she never went onto do anything else, but either way she's really convincing and enjoyable to watch."paperhouse" isn't exactly a horror movie, it's sort of a fantasy/suspense/something else type of movie, with some definite horroresque moments-- but you can still watch it with your family and not be worried that your little brother or grandmother will get grossed out by blood splashing or something.give it a chance, you won't regret it! and maybe you should read the book, too...

this is a way cool fantasy movie. one of my faves, it really is so cool. the director is bernard rose who went on to direct candyman, he made a great start with this film.the film about a girl called anna who falls ill with glandular fever on her 11th birthday. she draws a house on a shred of paper from her exercise book and falls into a dream in which the house is real. each subsequent dream that she has is altered by the presence of whatever she adds to the picture. in her third dream she meets a boy she thinks she has created called mark. she befriends him and their relationship becomes stronger as the dreams become darker and scarier.charlotte burke who plays anna is a terrific actress and it is very strange that, after just one film, she should disappear and never be in anything ever again. she really does give a great performance in this film.hans zimmer's score is also ace. much like broken arrow, the music is ghostly and mysterious. it's a real shame that the soundtrack is not available on cd anymore. the dvd is available in r2 only.

i do miss the company vestron, they sure had their finger on the pulse of unique and unusual cinema back in the 1980s. this is very apparent with the astonishing paperhouse, a film that touches me deeply each and every time i watch it.the idea of a girl manipulating a dream world with her drawings (thusly the dream world manipulating reality), and also connecting with and affecting the life of a boy she's never actually met, is fascinating and never disappoints. charlotte burke at first seems quite precocious and yet you warm up to her because by being a bit of a mischievous child, it makes it hard for the adults to believe what she is experiencing. she becomes very self aware and strong towards the end, even finding she doesn't "hate boys" as she so defiantly claimed at first. through this we are treated to many touching moments and some immensely scary ones, all visually stunning with a grand score from hans zimmer. i'm quite proud to be an owner of the soundtrack on cd when it was released in the united states on rca victor. at the time of this writing there is no dvd of paperhouse yet available in the u.s. (only in europe), here's hoping one of my wishes will come true as i truly cherish this beautiful film and a dvd of it would be very welcome!it's satisfying watching the girl work out her thoughts like a puzzle game trying to make the dream world work for her and her newfound friend marc (elliot spiers). both charlotte burke and elliot spiers do a magnificent job throughout, i find the editorial comment on amazon.com about it being "hammy acting" quite perplexing -- i found every aspect of paperhouse to be exhilarating. even in minor scenes of brilliance like when charlotte and the girl in the classroom are staring at each other through the glass on a door, it's quite powerful.you don't have to be an arthouse type to enjoy paperhouse, just be a person that enjoys a film that stimulates and has you wanting more. there is enough in this film to invite repeated viewings and i'm still in awe of the cinematography and sets. for me, it's never like watching the same film twice, as there are so many details to absorb and savor. a very emotional experience indeed.while there are many films i adore, there are only a few specific ones that strike a great emotional chord in me: films like paperhouse, static, resurrection, and donnie darko. when i see so much drek out there passing as films that will easily be forgotten and in bargain bins, all i have to do is watch paperhouse and my faith in wondrous storytelling is renewed.

of all the versions of the odyssey (or of any greek mythological story for that matter), this in my opinion is the best of them all. almost true to the original storyline - with some minor deviations and omissions, e.g. the absence of scylla & charybdis and the fact that eumaeus the swineherd recognizes odysseus in disguise in his hut - realistic acting and authentic scenery and costumes all contribute to make this a truly memorable masterpiece,not some hollywoodish sword-and-sandal b-flick. notwithstanding the fact that the dialogue and subtitles are completely in italian, if one is familiar with the storyline, he can still make heads and tails of what is going on and what the actors are saying (provided you have a good handy text of the odyssey at hand). at least i did, and so much so that it has inspired me to study the italian language to better appreciate the movie even more.

anna (charlotte burke), who is just on the verge of puberty, begins to have strange dreams which start affecting her in real life--especially involving a boy named mark (elliott spiers) who she meets in her dreams.very unusual fantasy with some truly terrifying moments. despite the fact that this is about a teenage girl and has a pg-13 rating, this is not for children. also, if you hate fantasies stay far away. but if you're game for something different this fits the bill.well directed by bernard rose with a just beautiful music score and a few nice, scary jolts. the only thing that prevents this from being a really great movie is burke--she's not a very good actress (it's no surprise that this has been her only film) and it hurts the movie. however, everybody else is just great.spiers is very good as mark; glenne headley (faking a british accent very well) is also very good as anna's mother and ben cross is both frightening and sympathetic as anna's father.a sleeper hit when released in 1988, it's since faded away. that's too bad--it's really very good.

a great film this, and a shame that it will receive little attention outside of arthouse circles and students who stay up until two in the morning to watch it on channel four.the plot is a simple one but works very effectively, the blurring between child-like fantasy and hard-hitting nightmare is very well blurred. the budget looks pretty low, but to the credit of those involved it doesn't show too often. it also hasn't dated that much either.i was lucky enough to tape this off the telly when it was on a few years ago, and it has withstood half-a-dozen viewings. it's one of those films that won't appeal to all; though as usual, those with a more thoughtful approach to cinema would get a lot out of this.charlotte buerke puts in a good performance as anna, the spoilt brat and it is a shame she seems to have gone from the acting scene. cross is also very good, carrying the stature of his character very well within the context of the picture.there are some genuinely (and i don't say that lightly) disturbing moments in this film, both half-second shockers and more drawn-out tensions. watch it with the lights out!highly recommended.9/10

paperhouse is the most moving and poignant film i've ever seen. often classed as a "horror movie" this, i believe, is a grave error. some journo once called it "the thinking person's nightmare on elm street" and while i accept the logic of his conclusion i can't help but think it's a tag that is ill deserved and misleading. those that can only see horror are truly missing out here and only serves to demonstrate they're really not thinking at all. in fact, just attempting to classify this wonderful work is probably a bad idea. quite simply, paperhouse is perfect in every exquisite detail and will always have a special place in my heart. as someone wiser than me once said, "the film hits you on a completely emotional level", which may go some way to explaining why my comments are so unrelentingly gushing. to be honest, i make no apology for this so if you feel my words are too saccharine for your taste, stop reading now because there's more to come. it's so rare to find a film that has at its heart the pain and heartache of childhood and the struggle to overcome the dreadful feelings of isolation and loneliness that can completely overwhelm us at this fragile time in our lives. even more unusual to find child actors who can actually play their roles with the sensitivity and intelligence required to make it all work. in charlotte burke and elliott spiers we had an inspired piece of casting and the lasting impact of paperhouse owes much to their ability to portray the melancholy and alienation of childhood (often overlooked) in a seamless and convincing way. and yet both of these brilliant young stars seemed to have slipped through the grasp of the studios and have somehow faded away. add to all this an incredibly talented director (bernard rose), imaginative cinematography and the most beautiful and haunting soundtrack you're ever likely to hear and you may start to get an inkling of why i have such affection and affinity for this film that no amount of words can express.

i'm italian and when i've recently looked again this film i astonished for its beauty: the first time i was 10 years old and i liked it, but today i can appreciate it with adult mind and feelings. now i can understand it was a masterpiece of a special season of the italian cinema (pasolini etc.), by that time gone. the hollywood epic films are good...for fun. perhaps this 'odyssey' had no english version because is not enough funny... not suitable for pop-corn and coke audience. however suitable for homer pathos and existentialist reflections.in italy was recently released a very good dvd version: integral, with excellent colors. you can find it in some file sharing, but it's italian only, and without subtitles. too bad: also the dialogs and the voices of this film are remarkable.

this movie of 370 minutes was aired by the italian public television during the early seventies. it tells you the myth attributed to homer of the journey home of odysseus after the troy war. it is an epic story about the ancient minoan and mycenaean civilizations, told at list 500 years after those events toke place, around 1100 bc.this is a 1969 movie, so if you buy the dvd version you would find that the sound is just mono and there is no other language than italian, even the close caption is in italian. pity. many people would enjoy this masterpiece if it had at list the english subtitles. but if this is not a problem for you, than i would strongly recommend to watch this movie.

although i have not seen this mini-series in over twenty years i can still remember how the balance between character,plot and tale of marvelous adventures succeeded. the use of special effects was restrained making a more poetic rather than literal telling of the story. the two versions i've seen were dubbed (english and french)but the actors appear to speak their own language not just italian so there is a synchronization problem. it does not spoil the story telling. among the cast irene pappas as penelope is the most recognizable to north americans. recommended to all followers of odysseus' ever returning.

in all honesty, this series is as much a classic (as television goes) as the original poem is to the world's literature. far from being crassly exploitative, it is a beautiful and respectful rendering of one of the western culture's defining texts.i was moved by the plight of odysseus and his followers; touched by the drama of the fall of troy (which was felt but not seen); intrigued by the way the gods played with the fate of mortals. (it should be mentioned that the gods appearing here are not ridiculous cgi creatures flitting around on their ankle wings, or poorly-cast fashion models in bikinis. as in homer's work, they act through mortal agents or, rarely, are represented by classical statuary).it's a pity it's not available in dvd, especially given the vastly inferior and cheesy adaptations of the odyssey that one can find in video stores.

it's very simple to qualify that movie: "a pure masterpiece". this opinion is formulated for the following reasons: the performance of the actors, they seem to be citizens of that epoch, 1100 b.c. they personalize perfectly the characters. a second reason is that the poetry expressed by homere in his poem is well given by the production. among others the narrations made by the chorus give a particular atmosphere that makes us party of the artistic rendition. third reason: the reconstitution of the decor is absolutely perfect, in mediterranean regions, where the action of the poem occurred. and most of all, the emotion is on the rendezvous. i repeat my appreciation: "a pure masterpiece".

i've been trying to find out about this series for ages! thank you, imdb! i saw this as a child and have never quite been able to get it out of my mind. as a 6-year old, of course, i was particularly struck by the episode of the cyclops, which was absolutely chilling (i talked about it so much that my older brother made me a cyclops out of a plastic cave man figurine, which i still have) what i also remember, though, was the atmosphere, which was unusual right from the beginning - mysterious, austere, and extremely authentic. when i read the original many years later i experienced that same sensation. it's a very hard thing to capture - and probably impossible in hollywood. every 'odyssey' i've seen since has been an enormous let-down. the characters in this series seemed genuine, real people - ancient greek people - and not some hollywood stars in costumes. this is a real masterpiece! but - why is it not better known? and why isn't it available on vhs or dvd? i would just love to have the chance to see this again!

as it was already put, the best version ever of homer's epic. entirely shot in natural locations in the mediterranean. the sea and the sky are strikingly blue, the islands green and untouched. the clothing is linen, wool and fur, the settings stony and bare, everything is somewhat rugged and primitive, a bit what you would find in cacoyannis or pasolini movies, and it makes it all the more authentic. although the story is based on myths and widely goes into supernatural, it gives us a good idea of what life in the 10th century bc might have been like.the rhythm is somewhat slow and austere, but the whole is so beautiful that you quickly get into it. actually, it is amazingly close to the original plot by homer, if not to the text itself. ulysses doesn't appear until the first hour, the start being centered on his son looking after him. then he suddenly appears lost in a storm, lands on the island of the pheacians where the royal family takes good care of him. his adventures are told in flashback as a narration to his hosts : the terrifying cyclop, the magic world of circe, the underworld, the sirens etc. he finally comes back to his homeland ithaca after 20 years, and it all ends dramatically with the killing of the pretenders of his faithful spouse penelope.as a story, the odyssey is an unparalleled metaphor of the struggles of a man's life. the cast is brilliant and international here. irene papas gives us a typical greek tragedy style performance as penelope, but most amazing is the albanian actor bekim fehmiu as ulysses. really good looking and totally convincing, it seems the role was really made for him. strange that he was never offered roles of this dimension afterwards. also playing nausicaa is barbara bach (as barbara gregorini) later famous as the james bond girl in "the spy who loved me", and playing athena is michele breton, who was otherwise noted in the strange movie called "performance" with mick jagger.as it was done 35 years ago, the series was actually quite an innovation for its time, as the first big european co-production for tv (italy, france, germany and yugoslavia). i have seen this mini-series in 8 parts on french television as far back as 1974. i was a kid back then, and although it was all in black and white, it left a very vivid impression. all my life long i wondered if i would ever get a chance to see it again, as it was never shown on french tv later on.i recently found a copy on dvd (all in wonderful color) through internet. it is unfortunately only in italian with no subtitles, although french and german versions existed back then. i never heard there was any english version of this film as it is widely unknown in the anglo saxon world, and it's quite a shame. if you ever get a chance to watch this, you are not going to forget it ever.there were not many versions of the odyssey before or after that. the one by camerini in 1955 starring kirk douglas is a classic sword-and-sandal like "the 10 commandments", but not as impressive and very short for such a complex story. the one in 1997 by konchalovsky is a meretricious hollywood movie, based on special effects, sometimes quite gory, very poorly acted and grossly afar from homer's story and atmosphere.

having just finished cronicles of the heroic knight mere minutes ago i find myself extremely please but questions still loom over me. while it would appear that the first 7 episodes or so are actually a retelling of the events of the first record of lodoss war the truth is that they really aren't. it would appear that the creator of cothk had a different vision as to how the original ended (and that may be the reason that the first 7 episodes occur) but i do not find that to be the case. cothk does say it starts 5 years after the war of heros which parn was a part of. i think the director made the first 5 episodes seem so much like a recap of the original just to give the viewer a small reminder and an introduction to characters and their deeds done because they appear much less after the series kicks into spark's story. now, once the series does kick into spark's portion we find ourselves kicked up another 10 years (15 years now since the war of heros). spark and his crew do, in some cases, resemble parn and his crew once the journey kicks into gear, especially the love story that brews between spark and neese. i also thought several times throughout cothk that i threw in the original series and if it wasn't for spark's long blue hair i know i would've pressed stop more than once to make sure the right disc was in. by no means do i consider these major set backs however, the writers did a fine job in crafting believable characters and a remarkable storyline. the only thing that makes me hurt is that ashram and wagnard return. ummmm... how??? don't get me wrong both are great villains even though ashram's only villainous trait is that he supports the marmo. perhaps i missed something during the coarse of the series that explained that part. as far as sequels go though, i highly recommend cothk. i place both cothk and, even more so, the original record of lodoss war far above the lord of the rings trilogy. both of these are more epic than anything i've ever seen or read. i highly recommend this.

no, this isn't a sequel to the fabulous ova series, but rather a remake of the events that occurred after the death of ghim (and the disappearance of woodchuck). it is also more accurate to the novels that inspired this wonderful series, which is why characters (namely orson and shiris) are reintroduced, and why the story may seem slightly different to those used to the ova. (the booklet included in the set provides excellent answers to such questions, as do various online sites.) the first eight episodes of this 27-part tv series focus on the fateful battle at demon dragon mountain. the remaining 19 episodes introduce us to spark, a blue-haired knight wannabe who identifies with parn, and his ragtag team of misfits as they attempt to stop the dark wizard wagnard from resurrecting kardis the destroyer.while it isn't quite the equivalent of the original lodoss war (we all love the finale where parn saves deedlit from wagnard, don't we?), this tv follow-up is still great fun for fantasy fans. even if the animation is limited (and a step down from the artistic streak of the first lodoss), this 27-part series has its elements of appeal. the fully-realized characters, engaging storyline, magic, romance, and a superb soundtrack scored by kaoru wada of ninja scroll, all give this uneven spin-off some punch.while the ova dub of lodoss has been criticized for one reason or another, i generally liked it and still consider it one of my favorite dubs. so i had significant hopes for the dub for chronicles, made in 1999-2000. for the most part, the lodoss tv english track is of passable (if not stellar) quality; it does, however, have its share of problems. much of the original cast who lent their english voices to the characters of lodoss return (including lisa ortiz as deedlit!), which is a nice bonus. on the other hand, billy regan's more mature sounding parn is a bit offputting. he doesn't do a bad job, but his voice came across as grating for the first eight episodes (causing some anti-dub fans to instantly diss the dub), but by the time spark and company take the stage, i found it less bothersome. (i don't know if it's because he improved or if it just grew on me.) also, not everyone from the oav dub returns. jayce reeves only voices wagnard (terrifically) for one episode; he's replaced by pete zarustica for the whole show, who gives a scratchy, but still malevolent turn (as well as the expected evil laughter). anthony cruise's kashue, on the other hand, is too weary and takes about five or so episodes to find his stride. oliver gregory is probably the most effective as orson, especially during his final dramatic scenes.aside from lisa ortiz (deedlit), karen smith (shiris), john knox (ashram), and al muscari (slayn), the dub's best voices come from some of the newer characters, including crispin freeman (spark, maar, garrack -episodes 16-27-), roxanne beck (little neese), meg frances (who voices pirotess in the oav but also voices ryna with vulnerability and sassiness as well as karla) and especially angora deb (who steals every scene she's in as leaf the half-elf). the rest of the cast isn't terrible by any means, but a little more uneven than the oav dub. some are all right (aldonova, greevus) while others are lackluster (hobb, palace guards, dragons, etc.) and few were awful (in particular, prince reona's va is too harsh and monotone for a fighter of justice).in fact the lack of aural continuity (some cast members get new voices for some unexplained reason by the time we get to some of the later episodes) is one of the problems of the dub. others include less memorable and more awkward sounding dialogue, uneven synchronization, and finally (i apologize in advance to the fans of this) the lodoss island segments. these offbeat, super-deformed interludes at the end of each episode will either amuse or drive you batty. admittingly, i at first found them to be a major nuisance, but they sorta grew on me after a while. (besides, there are some showstoppingly hilarious lines such as "i'm king kashue, and this is my cashew! i'm really quite a nut!") these flaws rank the dub for chronicles just a notch just below that for the ova, resulting in an uneven english track summed up best as "ok".if one wonders if the japanese language track is the preferred listening choice, well, guess what? the japanese version has its good and bad points, too. while some voices are less annoying than the english language track, i found others to be less appealing than the english equivalents (in particular, the actress who does deedlit is nowhere nearly as good as lisa ortiz or yumi tohma). plus, i should mention that the japanese cast is not the same as the ova. because the series was made seven years after the original, all but one (sho hayami) of the cast members are replaced by new ones. although they do a respectably good job, it may be a major annoyance for those who were used to the japanese ova cast. shows that not everything in japanese is better than english, eh? despite its flaws, chronicles of the heroic knight is still a fine series which deserves to hold its own ground. its not without its rough spots and doesn't always live up to its predecessor, yet there's enough good points to counter the bad, making this a moderately enjoyable fantasy anime.

this film moves the cinderella story forward to the early 1950s and makes good, if eccentric, use of the isle of man as a background. the ugly sisters have become wildly glamorous upper-class english girls, and together with kathleen turner as the stepmother they flounce about in various wonderful period costumes. the story is altered a little from the traditional version: early on it is oddly combined with the plot of "king lear", and in later stages cinderella is rather more assertive than is usual. it looks splendid and works on the whole pretty well, but does go over the top at times.

creative use of modern and mystical elements: 1956 cadillac convertible to transport evil stepmother kathleen turner (john waters' "serial mom") and the 2 twisted sisters; queen mab as the faerie godmother; david warner (evil in "time bandits") in redcoat at court; cinderella (she's a babe) shovelling coal into an insatiable furnace; cinderella and her prince charming both look like (and act like) rock stars. isle of man locations.

i thought it was an original story, very nicely told. i think all you people are expecting too much. i mean...it's just a made for television movie! what are you expecting? some great wonderful dramtic piece? i thought it was a really great story for a made for television movie....and that's my opinion.

i've seen this movie twice with my teenagers who love it. this one ought to be a cult fave! the best line, "your dress is deeply cool!" says the prince to cinderella. kathleen turner shines as the stepmother. i also like the 1950's era cars and motorcycles. the melancholy prince is a great departure from the typical swashbuckler. he tries to stay cool, but fails to hide his love for the fairy-tale princess-to-be. her slipper is not glass (truer to the original story), but cinderella loses is nonetheless but gets it back from the heir to the throne. my only complaint is that it is not shown more and seems to be almost impossible to get. hopefully blockbuster or amazon will start stocking this one sometime soon.

i remember watching the disney version and watching it now makes me think it has somehow lost its magic touch. plenty of other renditions, ever after put aside, of cinderella, have, in fact, lost their touch throughout the years. then i found this production with a flawless performance by kathleen turner as the evil stepmother and was blown away by the phantasmagorical essence of this fantasy story that has cast me under its spell since childhood.we all know the story of cinderella, a young girl who's father died and was dominated by her wicked stepmother and stepdaughters and longs to go to the ball for one last chance for freedom. but this plot line takes a different twist in the classic fairy tale by causing cinderella (whose real name is zizola, and is only called cinderella by her family because of her slavery) to be trapped in a situation of her father (who still lives) slowly losing himself to a dominant wife who manipulates him into playing favorites with his wife and step-daughters against his own and tries to poison him. thus, zizola goes out to save her father by stopping her stepmother from finding another suitor at the ball by distracting the men who come her way. there, the bored prince valiant has a change of heart from his dull life and falls in love with the mysterious lady in the strange dress (forged by a water nymph named mab) with rose petals for slippers. what drew me to this film most of all was it's original take on the old fairy tale that none can compare to. it does not weave a web of lies like most cinderella stories, it does not ignore any reason as to why cinderella would want to attend the ball and nor does it show a shallow side to the prince as the disney version did. instead it shows more of cinderella's selfless heart more than any other production and the artwork is simply stunning! the costumes are all beautifully made, especially zizola's sapphire blue ballgown to match the marcella plunkett's fantastical beauty and soft, spirit-like voice. i would highly suggest this film for anyone who is interested in a dream-like sequence of the classic fairy tale with an interesting twist. my only problem is that the producers and director did not make a full collection of other fairy tales with this same element and the fact that the film is now out of print.

this film was almost a great imaginative film. a mixture of shakespeare, pop, jazz, and faerie tales. this movie was an imaginative twist on the cinderella theme. featuring a strong cast, headed by the perfectly cast kathleen turner, this movie had everything going for it. everything but production values. i almost never think that a movie needs special effects or big budgets, but with an over the top production like this, it came off with the same seedy quality as every other made for tv movie. besides better cinematography, this film was almost perfect.

de sica is becoming one of my favorite directors, but this one was a hit-and-miss for me. a grinning idiot youth becomes the leader of a community of illegal settlers in a deserted area outside milano. it is a detailed and sparkling story of the innocent poor masses, complete with evil capitalists and trigger-happy police forces, but slowly it evolves into a magic fantasy tale, as the boy wonder toto develops unlimited superhero powers. i had it up to here with the ever-smiling toto after 10 minutes, and when the magic took over, i was left in the dust. there were so many wonderfully orchestrated shots, so many good characters among the settlers, that i kept thinking it was a waste the movie wasn't more serious with its material. the coupling of neorealism and fantasy comes out more as an experiment of the "look-what-we-can-also-do-mum" sort than as a fully developed piece of work/art.

if you have trouble suspending disbelief then this isn't for you. consider: a woman already in late middle age finds a newborn baby in a cabbage patch and raises it as her own. think about it; she makes no attempt to locate the mother, who may well be a confused teenager in need of medical treatment and seemingly no one from the italian equivalent of social services makes any attempt to put the baby into 'care' (no social services? now i know it's a fantasy). before you know it young toto is ten or so and his adoptive mother dies leaving him to the orphanage from which he emerges a happy man who loves everybody. in nothing flat he has not only given his suitcase to the man who stole it from him but organised the local homeless into bona fide shantytown residents and for an encore he leads them in a fight against capitalism in the shape of the businessman who buys the land on which the shantytown stands when oil is discovered there. this wants some swallowing without the subsequent 'miracles' beginning with toto's dead mother (the old lady who raised him rather than his biological one) appearing to him and handing him a dove which doubles as a magic wand allowing him to grant modest wishes and a finale in which the hobos fly away to a better place located presumably somewhere over the rainbow.on the other hand the film is up to here with charm and is easy to surrender to. on balance a small masterpiece.

this film is like a 1950-version of ettore scola's brutti sporchi e cattivi. less sex and less realism, but a tale with great humanism and warmth. i wouldn't call this a neo-realistic picture. it's very sentimental and more like a fairy tale, and should probably be classed as a comedy, although it deals with serious matters (a little like chaplin or 1930-comedy). typical italian though, very emotional, and hard to resist except for a stone cold person. the sentimentalism is a letdown, although this picture was not meant to be a realistic drama. it's not a masterpiece like umberto d or the bicycle thief. but it is a lovable and hilarious comedy, with good music.7/10

this film is like an allegory of the gospel. it has such direct honesty and innocence you can not possibly believe it was made after the world war when italy was ravaged and devastated, and was filled with a huge homeless, impoverished population. it is a monument to the best qualities of the human spirit, as well as to the endless creative resources of that land of inspiration. toto is a character like doestoevisky's "idiot", a modern christ finding his way in a big city. he is goodness and purity fortified by love, and his acts change the people he encounters, as much as the miracle working dove. the story is told in a natural manner and simple style, yet imbued with a magic that is almost a premonition of fellini's surrealist fantasies. it is one of the most inspiring, uplifting movies ever made.

this movie was my first touch with mr sica so i really didn't know what to expect. but what i saw just broke all my expectations - in a good way.the storyline is not complex and shows us a life of found boy- orphan and particularly his connection into the community of poor people who together built themselves a hood of simple metal plate houses. this little city in another city lives own life and things are going fine. but one day there is a water resource found and a rich nobles man is getting interested in the buying the place. but as the title of the movie hints - there is a miracle taking place. our character gets a wonder dove from his dead mother. what is he going to do to protect his friends and all built city as well?it was just a masterpiece of natural comedy. there is shown the behavior of poor people and how money and property can talk and play with people. also many funny moments and scenes are included - at the beginning with the spot where sun is shining and many more.so according to the fact that i m not a comedy lover you should see this movie because i liked it much i

this obscure de sica delivers the goods. and it is said "the meek shall inherit the earth." this tale of classes on the surface but really an allegory for all the homeless people that populated europe after the great war. they are homeless but cheerful, in a societies too impoverished and selfish to care for or acknowledge them, footmats for the italian carpetbaggers. de sica chooses to tell it as a fairy tale, a cinderella story. i have not read the book it is based on so i cannot foresay if the deus ex machina is the construct of the writer or vittorio. it begins with the words, "once upon a time..." to exemplify the timelessness of its tale, for the story could be set anywhere and everywhere. caricature sketches of the aristocracy that cut to the bone, whimsical nature of the homeless especially when they begin to grant their wishes and an ending right out of a spielberg picture makes this boulange a delight for all. de sica's most accessible picture is also one of his best. abandoning neo-realism, he always dallied between that and pure good old film-making, he creates a movie that breaks the heart and at the same time fills it with the yearning of hope that one needs to continue leaving in this world. gracias vittorio! gracias! gracias!!! gracias!!!!!!!!!!!!

the snobs and pseudo experts consider it "a far cry from de sica's best" the ones suffering from a serious lack of innocence will find a problem connecting to this masterpiece. de sica spoke in a very direct way. his italianness doesn't have the convoluted self examination of modern italian filmmakers, or the bitter self parody of pietro germi, the pungent bittersweetness of mario monicelli, the solemnity of visconti or the cold observation of antonioni. de sica told us the stories like a father sitting at the edge of his children's bed before they went to sleep. there is no attempt to intellectualize. miracolo a milano and in a lesser degree il giudizio universale are realistic fairy tales, or what today we call magic realism. the film is a gem from beginning to end and toto is the sort of character that you accept with an open heart but that, naturally, requires for you to have a heart. cinema in its purest form. magnificent.

this is a really strange film--and that is not a bad thing. it is a combination of a neo-realistic film about the homeless and a fairy tale. i'm sure that some may find this movie a bit too strange, but i loved it. once again, this director brings together a wonderful cast of everyday people (not actors) and gets a great ensemble-type performance. although not nearly as sad as umberto d, both movies have a very similar point to make--this one just does it in a very absurdist way. ignore the cheesy special effects--after all, it was made in the early 1950s and special effects aren't terribly important anyway (or at least they shouldn't be in films). instead, just sit back and enjoy the very strange and silly ride. unless you are a total curmudgeon, you'll have a ball.by the way, since i first reviewed this film, i have seen another desica directed film that is an absolute must-see and that is the children are watching us. while not a fantasy or light in spirit like miracle in milan, a great film nevertheless.

perhaps the last film you would expect to come from vittorio de sica and cesare zavattini (who wrote the novel on which this film is based). it's a neorealist fantasy, kind of an oxymoron, really. an old woman finds a baby in her cabbage patch and raises him as her own son. after a few years, the baby is a young boy (named toto) and the adoptive mother is dying. he goes to an orphanage and, when he finally turns 18, he leaves. immediately, he finds that he has no home. toto is optimistic, though, and won't let anything get him down. a man steals his valise, and instead of getting angry over it, toto becomes his friend and goes and stays with him in a small shantytown. toto takes some initiative and organizes the many homeless living in the area and they build a better shantytown. soon, the landowner is trying to sell this plot of land, and the citizens of the shantytown have to protect themselves. after many attempts, the owner mounts a force of police to get rid of the homeless. at this point, the film becomes full-fledged fantasy (before this it was more comedic/fantastic melodrama in the style of charlie chaplin). this stuff is so weird and shocking that it's probably best for others to see it for themselves. it's quite amazing, and very funny. there are objections you could raise about the plot of miracle in milan, most certainly. fellini and visconti were greatly criticized when they started to stray from neorealism. i think i read this was widely criticized at the time of its release. at this point, though, it's so enjoyable - i loved it very much. it might be my favorite of vittorio de sica's films, although umberto d and the bicycle thieves come very, very close. 10/10.

as with a bunch of guys at school we must give this a thumbs up. even the grim ripper made us smile. those two alien things made me laugh, bill and ted were the stupidest yet the funnest in the entire movie. this is a lot better than the first one. and yet for some reason i feel that it misses something. something big. something important. made a better house and girlfriends. no, i'd say better villains. use clones instead of robots.i gave this a 7 out of 10 because of those two robotic doinks.the grim ripper, don't be scared he's not the deathy kind, is funny. when he fell from the sky i split a gut. splat, i'm not sure about those aliens. what where they? scientists? no way.

this movie is awesome. if you take it too seriously, of course you will hate it; however, it's quantity of "dudes" and "right ons" brings laughs and faint memories of about 15 years ago. i like its ability to make me simply chuckle at obvious jokes and silliness, and its ability to make me want to watch its precursor, "bill and ted's excellent adventure" (1989). if you are looking for a film full of multifaceted jokes, and totally mature humor, don't watch it; however, if you want a film that is humorous and silly, yet intelligent and engaging, you will enjoy it. i actually wish more of this sort of picture showed up in today's theatres. and hey, it's keanu reeves acting the way everyone parodies him as acting...right...doesn't get much better than that :)

two years later... bill (alex winter) and ted (keanu reeves) are becoming near rock stars in the present future but still needing more work in their instruments. in the future, bill & ted are in the public popular history but then a evil man (joss ackland) is set to kill bill & ted by sending cyborg look-likes to destroy them. cyborgs are sent to the past present and they actually murder the real bill & ted. now, both guys are spirits and they have to travel through heaven and hell to save themselves and their future.directed by peter hewitt (tom and huck, the borrowers) made a clever sequel with terrific visual effects. much more funny and entertaining than the original. william sadler (the shawshank redemption) steals the show as the grim reaper.dvd has an good anamorphic widescreen (1.85:1) transfer and an fine-dolby digital 5.1 surround sound. dvd has the theatrical trailer and an amusing behind the scenes featurette. this sequel was a box office hit like the original but it is also (believe it or not), one of the best sequels ever made (depending on your point of view). george carlin reprises his role from the original briefly. pam grier also appears in a bit role. it's a enjoyable fantasy comedy. (****/*****).

it may have not been up for academy awards and admittedly, it's pretty cheesy, but it's just so much fun! nothing makes me smile like bill and ted. lovable, optimistic, and hilarious, bill and ted are a great way to unwind.although i love excellent adventure, bogus journey is funnier to me. death is flippin hilarious and bill and ted are even more endearing. people give me grief about loving this movie, but only really pretentious movie-watchers will say it's not even a bit entertaining. if you like this, you'll probably also be a fan of wayne's world, dude where's my car, and dumb and dumber. admit it, though foolish, they make you grin and turn your tickle box over. so watch them just for kicks and giggles!!

bill and ted's bogus journey is the sequel to bill and ted's excellent adventure. their bogus journey follower almost directly after the first movie, and does just as good of a job if not better to entertain the viewer.the plot is an evil person from the future is trying to kill bill and ted using evil robots that look exactly like bill and ted. once the robots kill bill and ted, they must compete with the grim reaper (death) and return their lives to normal.the acting in the movie is top notch, and even thought it is a little weird at times, especially bill and ted's conversations, it is a great movie. the wannabe rockers sure have made another great movie. pick this up the next time your at blockbuster!

alex winter and keanu reeves return as the two dopes from san dimas who get sent on another trip of a lifetime as someone from the future feels exactly the opposite the way it was presented in the first movie.the only difference is that their trip is "somewhere" between heaven and hell and ends up being both. when they meet the grim reaper, they get the chance of an after-lifetime to play him for a chance to return and stop two evil robots from ruining what future they were supposed to have. besides playing roles they have...er...perfected, they also play (and revive a couple of extra sales in the process) some classic games (i even have my original copy of battleship in the closet).the reason i liked this movie better than the original is because it deals with "what it might be like" instead of "what was." without spoiling the movie, i can't give you anymore information about this (i guess you'll just have to watch them both and decide for yourself! 8 out of 10 stars.

now this is more like it! the first movie had some iffy dialogue and some weaker acting, but it seems like the team behind this got their stuff together for the sequel and put out a solid, thoroughly enjoyable, hilarious and creative comedy that will keep everyone on the edge of their seats the whole way through.seriously, this is just full of great stuff, brimming with creativity, and it's less of a spoof on 80s movies at the same time. the scenes in hell are great, and so are the ones in heaven. there's really no shortage to the mad-cap adventurous romp that this one promises, and you will never see another movie like this. even the hammy final act of the movie isn't as bad as the first one, being generally heartwarming and enjoyable in its extremely cliché repertoire of family fun movie bliss. and even keanu reeves, despite looking about 30, isn't that bad here.sounds like a good deal to me.

okay, i'll admit it--i am a goof-ball and i occasionally love a really silly comedy. while i have seen more films by kurosawa, bergman and truffaut than practically anyone on the planet, i still have a soft spot for a dopey comedy that doesn't try to be sophisticated but is simply funny. a few such films that immediately come to mind are monty python and the holy grail, uhf, start the revolution without me, strange brew and the bill and ted movies. they all lack snob appeal but only a zombie or professional film critic could dislike them.while bill & ted's bogus journey isn't as wonderful as the original bill and ted film, it still is great fun. also, unlike the original, it actually seems to improve with repeated viewing. i remember not loving the film the first time i saw it--possibly because the other movie set such a high standard for laughs. but, every time i see it again i am amazed at all the great moments--particularly those involving the grim reaper. and, by the way, this reaper is about as different from bergman's in the seventh seal as you can get!! in addition to a lot of laughs, this film features some excellent music--one way that it's actually better than the first film. the kiss anthem at the end is great but so are the rest of the hard rock tunes--provided you aren't an old killjoy like de nomolos. great viewing for kids and adults alike.

will and ted's bodacious journey is an existential trip through themes of mortality, religion, time, heaven and hell, man's quest for fame and his fears of the body being overcome by a soulless machine. it is the most intelligent work of fiction since paradise lost and references many great past works of art- dante, iron maiden, virgil, shakespeare. this time the dudes are a famous rock band having travelled through time collecting icons from the past- napolean, joan of ark (noah's wife), oscar wilde, and charles darwin. they took the skills they learned from each of these people, abducted a couple of princesses, and finally learned to play their guitars and write hit songs. these songs teach the world to love again and war, hunger, evil are vanquished for eternity. we fast forward into the distant future where an evil dictator who despises good music called simon cow-al wants to rule the world. he eats rooshus (the cool guy from the first film who helps bill playboy esquire and ted theodore alvin) and gains the power to send two cyborgs back in time. the cyborgs are living tissue over metal exoskeleton and coated in mimetic poly alloy allowing them the survive the turmoil of time travel, and they can imitate anything they sample by physical contact. it is their job to kill the good biff and fred and take over their lives by making terrible music that no-one could like. by doing this they will change the world forever- gryll and jed's music will never be made leaving a world of war, famine, and hatred, and more annoyingly, bland boy/girl group pop music. there is a startling twist as the good guys actually are killed and they have to work out a way to save the world, themselves, and their wives from the evil dopplebangers inhabiting their bodies.penelope spheerhead shows her knowledge of both youth culture and real culture by mixing modern day music and phrases with post modern sets and artistic references, and seeks to teach us all something by delving into our very psyche to show us ourselves. she presents the nightmares which faced the late 80s teen in a society which had abandoned them and beckons us to dissect the post structuralist jingoism, self love, and malaise of the time. charging us with a belief that we can indeed change the world it is an inspiring message, but in order to achieve such dreams we must traverse and indeed face our nightmares. to overcome is to succeed, to defeat death is the first step in truly living and not merely surviving. in the words of kenneth reeves- 'wow!' best scene: for a fun game- see how many songs, bands, and albums cover references you can spot throughout the film. there are at least 6.

visual creative epic of inimitable style.this film may neither have the most alternative dramaturgy nor the most artistic acting. but who dares to say this film is no art? i'm not a supporter of the idea, that an important film must be serious, non-commercial or bothering me with questions. even there are a lot of films, apposite to this attributes, that i like.bogus journey, for sure, is not one of this films. what you get is pure, excessive creativity with a very positive charged, childlike energy. this film doesn't reflect reality. its friendly-naive and utopian. imagine the world of the future described by rufus - for me it would be a pretty nice time-place combination to live in! except of that music ;- )technically, bogus jorney is very well made. i always liked the cinematography and the sceneries of this movie. especially in this point bogus journey tops its prequel by far. also the effects are good, and i think most of them very made without cgi. i generally prefer the good old effects in big budget movies. sure its 'just another hollywood movie' out of some peoples view. but i think it is this in a very charismatic way.a short word to the soundtrack: all the band and orchestral music fits very well into the film. also the sound design has no lack. i am not a big fan of rock music, but i had to get this track by winger from the scene 'station' builds the bill and ted robots in the van. i love the unorthodox camera work at its beginning.let me conclude saying this:this film is very naive and very imaginative! it is way better than panzerkreuzer potemkin, the godfather, eraserhead or aguirre - the wrath of god. it is absolutely superior to citizen kane, apocalypse now or chris markers sans soleil... ...it is even better than total recall... no way!? yes way!bill and ted's bogus journey is simply the best movie ever made.who dares to disagree makes himself guilty of "artsie-fartsy behavior" or likes terminator salvation (what is the bigger self-defamation)ps: part 1 is not the better movie. so bogus jorney is a superior sequel. not even terminator 2 is a superior sequel! its not!

go way back to page ten of this review section, and work your way back up. go ahead; i'll wait.done? well, then you've probably noticed the same trend that i have. you could nitpick all day long about the lame jokes, dated timing and obviously derivative plot points and shtick in 'bogus', but this movie seems to be one of those 'hate me now, love me later" flicks.bill and ted's biggest problem was that the original appealed to those 80's kids who followed the tends and considered themselves on the cutting edge of fashion. that worked fine for the original, but obviously bombed in 1991, when no self-unrespecting slacker would be caught dead wearing anything but flannel or admitting he liked anything about the 80's. as ted would put it: "dude, this is a totally deep hole. wanna play 20 questions?" they say nostalgia goes in 20 year cycles, and that certainly seems to be the case here. here in 2010, those of use who grew up with cindi lauper and megadeth are beginning to look back to appreciate some of those pivotal films that (like it or not) made us who we are. if you're one of those who look at 'bogus' as if it were an outdated ("fa gs!") ripoff, then you're missing the point and probably spent six years growing facial hair, wearing flannel and looking like you just crawled out of bed.in self-referencing its own origins (the star trek episode" and and time traveling with a phone booth), b&t makes no attempt to hide its creators' love for homage. quentin tarantino, anyone? i'm not saying 'bogus' is 'true love,' but i do think it needs to be appreciated for what it is: a fun snap-shot of our society at a time before child psychology, ritalin, anti-smoking ads, terrorist paranoia and the proliferation of media fear-mongering. so, for all of you b&t haters out there...turn off your screaming trees cd, get that hair out of your face, go to the beach and lighten up. narcissistic depression and intellectual ennui are so corporate.

i realize that alot of people hate this movie, but i must admit that it is one of my favorites. i happen to like it better then its predeccesor and happy to like it better than alot of movies.first off, i think that people never give the story any credit, much like back to the future, time travel is hard to write, and in this movie they included time travel and a spiritual journey.i also feel that keanu and alex were on there best performances in this movie, they looked cooler, acted cooler, and said cooler things.the set design of this movie is awsome as well, the sets are quite detailed and massive at times and it can be hard to believe that these sets were made for a movie about two teenage buds who can hardly spell...but isnt that the genius of the whole franchise, making these two idiots bigger than life characters that are responsible for the entire utopian future of earth.the costume design was awsome as well. bill and ted actually look cool in bogus journey, where as in excellent adventure they look rather like, well as they would put it, fags!!!even the music in this movie is awsome, the score especially. there so much i could say about this film, cause i love it. but this is one of those movies i grew up watching and everytime i did i liked it more, so i can understand why people hate or just think its bogus compared to excellent adventure (which i also love by the way).get down with your bad self!!!!

oh, come on, learn to have a little fun. when i was a kid, oh, this movie was oscar-worthy to me. i thought it was absolutely hysterical. one of the best movies i had seen.now, it's a little stupid, but come on. if you enjoyed "excellent adventure", you should most likely have fun with "bogus journey". this was the movie before "dude, where's my car?". only this one is actually funny. like i said, it's just a good time. it shouldn't be taken seriously and if you enjoyed the first one, you should like "bogus journey". it's just a funny movie with some memorable characters. for your enjoyment only, watch it, let go, and remember that it's a silly comedy. that's all.7/10

when will people learn that some movies are made for fun and are not necessarily out to change the world? if you realise this then expect to have heaps of fun while watching "bill and ted's bogus journey." this is a movie that is heaps of fun to watch, keanu and alex make a great on screen team reprising their characters from "bill and ted's excellent adventure" with even more 'style' then they had in 1st movie. it's not rocket science but it's great for a laugh, the characters being extremely like-able and the story-line being so radical you have to laugh. don't expect 'deep-and-meaningfulls' just expect pure fun!

1991 saw the release of the two best sequels of all time: terminator 2: judgment day and bill & ted's bogus journey. out of the two, i've always liked bill & ted's bogus journey a bit better. terminator 2: judgment day is the better made, but there's just nothing like bill and ted. besides chris farley and david spade in tommy boy, it's hard to think of a greater comedic duo than bill and ted. they are one of a kind.seemingly influenced by national lampoon's o.c. and stiggs, bill and ted were created by ed solomon and chris matheson, two incredibly talented writers who invented the duo while performing at a local theater in l.a. back in the 1980s. the two quickly began writing a screenplay about two and before long bill & ted's excellent adventure was born. the film, shot in 1987 and released in 1989, became a big box office success and an instant cult classic. it wasn't long before work began on the sequel. stephen herek, the director of 'excellent adventure' wasn't keen on working on the sequel since he considered it to be too mean-spirited and unlike the first one so peter hewitt, making his feature film debut, was brought in to direct the sequel. there couldn't have been a better director for the job. bill & ted's bogus journey is marvelously directed. it's filled with its own unique style and energy that can't be matched.what makes 'bogus journey' one of the best sequels ever is that it while it is darker than the original, it is just as fun. it doesn't change the characters like most sequels do. bill and ted are the same lovable characters that they were in the first film. this is because it was written by the original writers. most sequels are not written by the same writers as the first one, but since 'bogus journey' had the same screenwriters, it ended up being just as good as 'excellent adventure' if not even better. just like the first one, 'bogus journey' is absolutely hilarious, well written, fun, and above all, original. it's filled with spectacular special effects and fantastic comedic performances from alex winter, keanu reeves, and william sadler. it's an unforgettable 'journey'. 10/10

bill and ted's bogus journey is possible the most excellent film i have ever watched. though the acting and scenery etc is poor, who cares. the story line is brilliant and the jokes and words they come up with are most excellent, the ideas are great as well. i recommend anyone to see this classic. the best part is obviously when they 'melvin' death, i was cracking up for 10 minutes and missed the next part of the film. this is so much better then the first one, which was great as well. possibly the funniest movie of all time!!!!! i think the best parts of the film however, are when bill and ted shout excellent and play the guitar solo, it was hilarious. rock on bill, ted and eddie van halen, bring out a 3rd film!!

bill and ted are back, only this time an evil dude from the future has sent back an evil bill and ted to destroy them, thus destroying 'wyld stallions' and the basis for human society in the future. this time bill and ted have to travel through the afterlife 'totally bogus' and save humanity 'excellent'with much of the same zany humour and some wonderful new characters like the grim reaper, station and robot bill and ted (stations creation) bogus journey once again entertains, and is worth watching for its soundtrack alone.7/10 a most triumphant sequel party on dudes! hehe

in the sequel to the brilliant bill and ted's excellent adventure, bill and ted are under threat from the future, as the evil chuck de nomolos sends two evil robots, disguised as bill and ted to earth to kill human bill and ted, in order to change the future.in a great comedy pairing, winter and reeves excel to deliver delicious humour to the audience in this entertaining sequel. though lacking the sharpness of the first, bogus journey still has the great catchphrases and dialogue from the leading pair, not to mention an hilarious performance by william sadler, who brings a humorous side to the figure of depth, the grim reaper. watch for the games sequences, the best moment in the entire film, but one of many great techniques used to justify the genre.though still packed with humour, this film has a more dramatic film towards it, with stakes being more serious and situations more risky. this gives the film great dimension and another lovable feature. the creators also stretch the boundaries of the fantasy genre and the use of realism, with hell and heaven being heavily symbolic and present in the plot. the fantasy genre is again spot on with the use of that amazing time travelling machine, though again somewhat confusing at points with the use of timing, and objects and situations being placed before it happens in the present, as is evident in the final couple of scenes.the first watch i hated this sequel, but the second time was a real joy as i appreciated the jokes and story more, and though the jokes and plot aren't as strong as its predecessor, bogus journey has enough feel good motives, jokes and a fairly steady plot to make it a good natured family film.

my take: a goofy, yet imaginative mess. keanu reeves (yes! that keanu reeves) and alex winter return as the two punk-rock idiots in this sequel to the time-trotting adventure comedy bill and ted's excellent adventure, now a cult classic. in this sequel, bill and ted are given much more to do than travel through time. they might as well travel heaven and hell too! during the beginning of this sequel, bill and ted are preparing for a "battle of the bands" competition which may make them more famous than ever. meanwhile, many years in a futuristic civilization, the time-wizard from the first film (the always watchable george carlin) is running a university praising bill and ted's names. there, an evil tyrant (joss ackland, from the hunt for red october) plots to get rid of the two idiot rock-stars once and for all. so he sends two identical android replicas (in the words of bill and ted: robot us's) to do the dirty job.there after, bill and ted experience death and must find their way through hell, with inhabitants that happens to include the duo's worst memories, and then through heaven in an attempt to get back to earth to save their girlfriends... and their show. along this whacked-out voyage, they play board games with none other than death (william sadler, from die hard 2), reminiscent to a similar moment in the 1957 foreign film classic the seventh seal, aid help from a couple of intelligent alien beings and more.bogus journey's array of exuberant special effects gimmicks aren't up to to-date standards, and even some of the humor and the for-the-time look and feel are somewhat dated (to be honest, the film also feels like it was released on the wrong year, even for the 90's). but with it's no little lack of imagination and a lively turn by both the performances and direction, bill and ted's bogus journey is fun, imaginative, and yes, bogus.rating: ***1/2 out of 5.

what can i say? i know this movie from start to finish. it's hilarious. it's an strong link to my past and will change the way i view film in the future. hypothetically speaking :) the down-fall? there's no socrates johnson!

anyone who doesn't think bill and ted's bogus journey is one of the greatest movies of all time needs their head checked. it somehow manages to be both completely inane and no-brainer, but also terrifying knowing and clever at the same time. one of those rare films that actually improves upon it predecessor, bogus journey can be enjoyed again and again. notable highlights include the duel with death and the ending, which is highly "emotional". keanu wants to forget all that matrix rubbish and get down to doing what he does best, ted theodore logan in bill and ted: the return.

the first film had little ambition so nothing sticks to the screen. it was a bad version of 'back to the future' with zero charm. once accepted that bill & ted are nitwits, the joke can only get hammered at the audience for so long before it breaks.this is a surprise. this is your only spoiler warning...by today's standards, this is more fun. this was shunned upon release, sad considering that more talent is involved than the first time. we get the photographer of 'face/off', the editor of 'fugitive', a production designer from burton's early work, and the sound designer of 'matrix'.the writers made up for their shallow first outing with something deep. since this was shunned by the fanbase and public, the director probably decided the style was too extreme. it's not, it fits the material. like 'death becomes her' and 'catch-22', this dares to be smart, but we like our movies "simple" so we don't buy it. probably since this dared to be different is why it took 12 producers to pull it off. what's so good?--nice self-reference towards keanu; from airhead to messiah. see also arnold schwarzenegger.--joss hates his creations as much as he hates their counterparts, he makes his own hatred. the evil b&t and the "good robot usses" have the same vocabulary as their originals: lesser copies and depreciation of language.--the "duality" motif. nowhere else is this evident than in the photography styles, lots of high and low angles. they even use roy brocksmith from 'total recall' to emphasize the point.--the "choices" motif. i don't know where this started in the genre (maybe 'ghostbusters'), but it's used pretty well here. it even boils down to the 7 games against death--battleship and club.--film self-reference, even present in the game against death (clue). this is smarter than tarantino or brooks. notice the premier magazine cover at the end: "bill and ted: the movie." ironic also how death and nomolos were villains in the 'die hard' and 'lethal weapon' sequels.i still have some minor nits, but nothing compared to the original. music and film are different mediums so it makes no sense why many scripts revolve around the former--particularly in the teen market. carlin is a great comedian, but in these movies he's wasted. also, for all the daring this effort shows, even cracking gay jokes, they can't kill a cat?so, despite looking like a nickelodeon production, this is incredibly interesting. from this movie we got beavis and butt-head. "we're in heaven and we just mugged three people." final analysis = = midrange material

i got the first bill and ted movie for christmas and i had to get the second when i saw it in a store. this one was (i think) just as funny as the first but a much wierder story. it was funny how they had their own personnal hell and how they had to play death. the funny thing was that they played him in stupid little games like clue. the only thing i'd change is station and death being in the band but other than that it was great.

it was only on my second viewing, years later, that i realized two things about this movie: 1) i enjoyed it immensely, and 2) that because its execution is decidedly sharper than the premise itself warrants. i had laughed my way through the movie before it occurred to me to renew my initial protests--valleyspeak and loogies and airheadedness (even *good*-natured airheadedness) just aren't inherently funny, especially when drawn out to feature length. but though the movie's momentum does begin to sputter out towards the end, reeves and winter and sadler (and hal landon jr. in an unforgettable scene) display such a remarkable sense of comic timing throughout that even the more clumsily-scripted jokes (e.g. ted failing to recognize a certain inhabitant of hell) work as effortlessly as the witter ones (e.g. the challenge). and the teaming of winter and reeves clicks so well that the teaming of bill and ted (who spend only one scene separated in the entire movie, disaster if they're not well-matched) appears utterly unstrained.(side note: i found the first movie to be only sporadically entertaining--sightly different comic sensibilities there, it seems.)i give it a 7.75. surprisingly good fun.

i wouldn't dare say this film is better than the original, but it is very good in it's own right. the comedy in this film is just as good as the original though, there are so many scenes that get me laughing just thinking about them.the story in this film is even more bizarre than the original, but that's what makes it so great. peter hewitt does a great job directing this film with a great cast. the core cast from the original film returns to their characters in this film and all do a fantastic job with their roles. i don't care what anyone says, i think keanu reeves is a great actor! i really enjoyed his portrayal of ted in both of these films as i did alex winter's bill. i was very happy to see george carlin returning to the role of rufus, very cool! hal london jr, who plays the part of ted logan's father does a really good job. the scene where ted possesses his fathers body and hal london jr begins acting like ted is a great scene, and he pulls it off impressively well. i can't forget to mention william sadler as death, he completely made the movie for me. the rest of the cast is quite good as well.if you liked the first installment of the bill and ted series, then i would hope you would like this film as well. but, don't expect it to be as good as the original. i really hope you enjoy the film, thanks for reading,-chris

when i was a kid, i totally loved both bill & ted movies. the other night, bogus journey was on and since it was at least 5 years since i last saw it, i decided to tune in. and i loved it all over again! this film is still funny after all those years. 'excellent adventure' is better, but this one rocks just the same. sure, some of the perfomances are a bit cheesy, but hey, this entire film is cheesy in a cool way. plus it features the coolest personation of death ever in a movie! concluding: totally like non bogus movie dude! way excellent! station!!!

i admit it's very silly, but i've practically memorized the damn thing! it holds a lot of good childhood memories for me (my brother and i saw it opening day) and i have respect for any movie with fnm on the soundtrack.

one of the most underrated movies i've seen in a long time, bill & ted's bogus journey is the second hilarious adventure of bill s. preston esq. and ted theodore logan, aka wyld stallyns. there are two ways to look at this film: first, you see dumb dialogue, far fetched plot, juvenile idea. or.. you see brilliantly downplayed idiots who yet again find themselves in a situation too big for their brains. throw a bruce willis or a arnold schwarzeneggar into this plot and it becomes a big blockbuster movie. bill and ted go into the story with the same level of sincerity, only it's bill and ted. this is a tricky fence to balance on, but when you watch the movie not as a throwaway screwball comedy, but as an adventure featuring two guys who have no business being in an adventure, it becomes so much more.

this movie is very underrated. it's highly imaginative, creative and clever. it's just plain fun and in my opinion this film tops the first one. but the film was forgotten when it first came out, and became even more overlooked as the years passed. "bill & ted's bogus journey" also bombed at the box office, whereas the first one was a pretty good hit and very popular. i think the problem may be that this film was just released a couple years too late. in 1991, bill and ted already seemed "so '80s". even though the '80s were only a couple years ago back at that time, the landscape of the music and style for kids had changed so radically with gangsta rap, hip hop, pearl jam, nirvana, grunge and the seattle sound. bill and ted with their ozzy osbourne, van halen and guns n' roses music along with their '80s style seemed so out of place and very outdated in '91, and i think that's one big reason the film bombed at the box office. nobody but surfers were still saying stuff like "excellent!" and "bogus!" in 1991. "gremlins 2" which also came out in the early '90s suffered a similar fate of being a good film that bombed at the box office because it was too associated with the '80s. the transition from the '80s to the '90s was a much faster change then now with the '90s and '00s. 1991 was nothing like 1988 or 1989, whereas right now, 2002 and last year 2001 still looks/looked like 1995 or 1996.if only "excellent adventure" which was made in 1988, was released that year instead of 1989, and "bogus journey" was made quickly and released in 1989, then it too would have probably been just as wildly received as the first.

tsui hark's visual artistry is at its peek in this movie. unfortunately the terrible acting by ekin cheng and especially cecilia cheung (i felt the urge to strangle her while watching this, it's that bad :) made it difficult to watch at times.this movie is a real breakthrough in the visual department. when i first saw this, my jaw dropped repeatedly and i thought to myself that i've never seen anything remotely like it but this is how it should be done in order to do full justice to the mythical world of chinese historical kung-fu novels! without a doubt this is one of the best-looking chinese historical kung-fu epic ever made.but alas, tsui hark hasn't improved much in the writing department, and the story and dialog are rather juvenile (his apparent obsession with the silly and overly-long depiction of the evil guys didn't help either). to make it worse, this movie is very badly cast. they decided to use the "hot" popular hong kong idols as lead characters, but unfortunately both ekin cheng and especially cecilia cheung are totally unsuited for historical kung-fu dramas because they lack the nobility and mystique that such characters are supposed to embody. adam cheng siu-chow and brigitte lin in the 1983 version are infinitely better.i wish that someday zhang yi-mou and tsui hark can join forces and produce a movie that has the visual artistry of tsui but with the maturity and story-telling poetry of zhang...

this movie is good. it's not the best of the great cg kung fu flicks but its pretty good. first thing first, the story is actually good. the whole idea of gods vs fallen gods type deal with super powers is pretty cool. my problem is theres too many characters! it got very confusing when they switched scenes! the special effects were incredible! the fighting scenes were very fast paced and complex. this movie practically all computer generated. the acting is superb, as always expected from such high profile players. ekin cheng makes an excellent protagonist, loner character. zhang ziyi did nothing for me in this movie. i thought she would have a bigger part but she did one fight scene and a whole lot of yapping. the bad guy, the whole skull army and the whole blood cloud thing is very frightening. the music is also excellent. to me this story deserve at least a mini-series and not just one movie. theres too much story to cram in 2 hours. maybe if there was a book or something, i would be able to keep up with all the characters and the details. this movie sacrifices story integrity for action. i reccomend storm riders over this any day.

...and i love it. lots of special effects, and for a movie that's not made on mega budget, this movie really does great job of creating a fantasy masterpiece. i'm one of the guys who didn't understand the story at all, but this was still a great flick to watch. it's definitely up there in standards surpassing bored of the rings, and on par with movies like harry potter. which is saying a lot for a movie again, made on a fraction of the budget of these international hits.one thing i really love about this movie is that it so stretches the envelope of adventure movie to come out of hong kong. the topic is exotic and original. production quality is unlike anything seen coming out of hk for fantasy action movie, and acting is great.one of the best movies to come out of hong kong, this is the infernal affairs of hong kong fantasy movie, and i hope they'll continue working in this area, until they surpass hollywood adventure movies.just fantastic.

yeah right. sammo hung already acted in the main role in 1983's "zu warrios from the magic mountain". now, 2001, he does it again with "zu warriors". but this time, he finally does it right. you seldom see him in wuxia, more often in classic eastern or crime slapstick. but this role simply does fit him! the ancient chinese legend about zu mountain is not often represented in movies (as far as i know about movies translated for the west). although, the legend contains a vast of interesting stories and possibilities. straight said: you haven't seen a story alike yet in a modern movie! and that makes it so great! and wow: all the colors plus the enormously deep, right-into-the-heart going story makes you fall for this movie in an instant. the first time i watched it, i had to watch it again instantly, and i did. ok true, i didn't understand all of it the first time. but that makes it only better! you know, you didn't understand all of it, because there is so much spice in it! therefor it is a pleasure for one self to watch it over and over again. and yeah, it grows deeper in your heart, the more often you watch it.summary: a story to love, characters you cry with, and truly: a movie you never forget! -- editors note: well, i think i must watch it right now again :d

the first thing i thought when i saw this films was: it is not really a film, at least it is not what we imagine spontaneously when we hear the word "film". it is entirely symbolic, everything in it has a figurative meaning. so if you are not used to express thing in a symbolic way, you will find it strange, if you are not acquainted with philosophy, religion, spiritual life, you will think it's just a fairy-tale... and even a weird one, chaotic. for me "the legend of zu" is perfectly transparent. and i do like it. it tells us in images the story about the fight between light and darkness, the fight that is as old as humanity, and every one who is in search of the sens in this life is confronted with it. the film is obviously made by buddhists. i am not a buddhist. my religion and the vision of the world and human is different. but as far as we are all humans and have the same human nature we necessarily have common experiences and can understand each other. it is a really beautiful film! and i which we had more films like this - films that have a meaning. there are too many empty stories which are good only to make time pass more quickly.

"zu:the warriors from magic mountain" was and is an impressive classic! you never would have guessed it was made in 1983. tsui hark's use of special effects was very creative and inventive. (he continued doing this in the chinese ghost story trilogy and later productions.) even now it can measure up to other movies in this genre. "legend of zu" is connected to "zu"warriors from magic mountain"! it is not necessary to have seen this movie to understand the plot of this one. the plot is a bit hard to follow. but to be honest it doesn't matter. it is all about the action and adventure! i always was wondering what tsui hark would do if he got his hands on cgi. now we know,he made this movie. maybe it sometimes is too much but the overall result is so beautiful that i am not going to be critical about that. there is so much happening on the screen,you simply won't believe! i think it is a big shame that this movie wasn't shown in theaters here in holland. because this movie is screaming for screen time in cinemas! this movie easily can beat big budget hollywood productions like "superman returns" or xmen 3. the only thing i do have to mention is the lack of humor! in most of tsui harks's movies he combines drama,fantasy,martial arts and humor. somehow it is missing in this movie. again i am not going to be picky about these small matters. "legend of zu" delivers on the action front with the most beautiful special effects you will see. a true classic!

the legend of zu, as i saw it, was a very interesting story. i think many of the people who didn't like it were not seeing the underlying mythology behind the film. they were expecting something akin to star wars, and it was not that. joseph campbell, i believe, would have liked this film. there were a number of metaphors and hidden meanings that an average viewer might have overlooked. we all have a mountain of swords within us. we all have to go into our own cave of blood sometime in our lives. we all have to face our own insomnia someday. granted some of the narration was a bit confusing, and some of the action got a little hokey at times, but i think other points of the film easily made up for it. i'd watch it again. i don't know if there's a difference between the legend of zu (which i saw in mandarin with english subtitles) and zu warriors (the dubbed usa version.) it might have been dumbed down for american audiences, which really would have detracted from this film.

for those of you who love lord of the rings and love special effects, watch this movie! this will be sure to keep you glued to the screen. you will probably even like it if you like watching people fight with magical stuff.

this is an incredible comeback from movie director mastermind, tsui hark. it is one of a few movies that deserves to come a face to face match to steven chow's shaolin soccer. from the moment the movie started,there was astronishing backdrops at every edge which weredeplicted with superb style. if you are a science fiction or chinese martial arts "geek", you'll love the excessive amounts of many 3d effects and realistic computer generated weapons. there, comes a fine performance(as always) from ekin cheung who plays "sky king". he teams up with louis koo(red) who i was very impressed by his flexible "wing" which deflected incoming attacks. the fighting movements of these actors were proficient in every way. not only is the action superb but the has a somewhat complex storyline. many criticisers of this movie complain of the lack of story/theme or just "shoved in random bits of debrise" and even describe as "the legend of poo". however, the viewer cannot rely on watching dragon ballz and other similar manga cartoons to understand this movie. others who are famarialy with "wu xia" movies will have a better appoach. in due respect. there can be one weakness that could be foreseen. the blow that was deliveried to the enemy at the very last fight scene could of been more substantially and devastiingly made.in spite of all this, its a must see.

visually stunning and full of eastern philosophy, this amazing martial arts fantasy is brought to you by master director tsui hark, the man behind some of the best films hong kong cinema has produced. the special effects are beautiful and imaginative. the plot is a bit on the cerebral side, but is a refreshing change from films that treat their audience as if they were morons. if thinking is not your forte, however, this may not be your movie. maybe you should go see the latest from the hollywood studio's no brain club, but if you are looking for something more, he's where you will find it.

legend of zui remember well tsui hark's original zu warriors made 18 years earlier. over one christmas, on a rare week when channel 4 in the uk showed a week of hong kong movies, zu warriors was so gripping for a very young viewer and his brother and so memorable, that it's been etched into the memory of the now grown up sprog...in fact, i think the original zu warriors is one of the earliest films i saw as a kid that i can clearly recall the story line and action scenes from. and the memories of seeing yuen biao, sammo hung and others in their classic prime.so when i saw this remake of zu warriors, there was a feeling of apprehension. could it beat the dreamy childhood memories i had of the original, or will it follow the road of other remakes and die a death more horrible than the baddies and their broken necks you find in those kung fu movies?well the answer is i can't say. but that was because this isn't really a remake. the stories (and styles) are almost completely different.the legend of zu tells of the story of king sky, a lone warrior, whose master, dawn, declares her love for him but her life is taken from her by a monster called insomnia. two hundred years later, insomnia returns, dawn is reincarnated as enigma, and insomnia has returned to destroy zu. meanwhile white eyebrows and red try, with the help of king sky, to stop insomnia.the plot isn't one full of twists and turns, but had enough detail in it to keep me interested. but i can see this film as one you either love or you hate. the film is very much about the special effects, with the majority of it involving several computer generated environments, much like the storm riders and a man called hero. but unlike the other two, this film was one which didn't overdo the graphics and the whole thing was tasteful. nothing appears rushed - unlike hero. the backgrounds were complementary to the acting and not at all overpowering the scenes.the story also involves plenty of characters and the intermingling of so many individuals does make the film intriguing. it was possibly on the verge of 'too many cooks', but generally each character had its part in the story. but some of the roles appear to be 'extended cameos' in my opinion, and i somehow am left to slightly question the necessity of this.ekin cheng and louis koo play very central roles in the film, but i couldn't say this film showed their best performances. cecilia cheung appears to at least have matured in her acting, but it is still quite raw. kelly lin was the new revelation for me. despite her very short role, i have apologise and admit to ogling!overall, i have to say, did enjoy this film as much as i enjoyed the 'original'. given that both movies are made by the legendary tsui hark, the two films together are part of a chronicle showing how film making in hong kong has changed over two decades. and one beauty of that is the fact that you can't really compare the two films at all, as much as apples are apples and pears are pears.ultimately, both are thoroughly enjoyable films in their own right. and i'm going back to reminisce by watching the original again.two to watch, but not compare.

i have to admit that tsui hark is one of a kind, you can't top a person with a strong style of movie presence. a chinese fantasy picture may not be easy to present to an audience, the director attempted to bring back the classic fantasy tales of zu mountain and this is what he displayed.the new legend of zu has truly improved from the one in 1983. from this new millenium update, we could see tsui hark's vision of the zu mountains. spectacular visual designs, amazing action-fantasy epic made beautifully well. kept me glued through the entire picture. great cast with just fine acting. it's truly a fun movie to watch, but is it too weird?now the down side is people will definitely get confused with it's broad story line shortened down into a 95 minute movie. plot may not have much relation among characters, but by rewatching the movie, you'll have a better sense of understanding the characters itself. some can complain there isn't too much physical combat, besides with characters that have supernatural powers to defeat foes, spirits fighting by hand-to-hand wouldn't really make sense at all. i appreciated this nice stylish picture. it may have a thin story, but hey look at tsui hark's "time & tide," we got confused by the plot as well, but it was truly something stylish and awesome. tsui hark always attracts something different into h.k. cinema. american audiences, may have some difficulty to understand while watching this movie, cause this ain't no crouching tiger, hidden dragon, this is a whole new genre. although it may not be a masterpiece, but it's special effects is truly better than storm riders. this is really worth checking out.

i'm stunt, i must admit i never saw a movie with such good story and none stop high special effect martial art fighting scene. if you like the fantastic genre, like me, you will certainly be more than satisfied! all character have very cool power and the special effect are near perfection, in one word, flawless! i will listen to this movie a lot in the next years.

this movie is very cool. if you're a fan of tsui hark and chinese fantasy films, you should love this. this film is the asian lord of the rings: a high fantasy story, based in actual chinese mythology. (i realize many critics have called this film plot-less, i think they probably have zero knowledge of chinese mythology.) if you liked stormriders or warriors of heaven & earth, this one should be right up your alley. this film is still very difficult to find in the u.s., even though it was purchased for u.s. distribution along with crouching tiger, hidden dragon and iron monkey. well worth the search!!! this dvd is also worthy of owning.

when tsui hark experiments, nothing and no one can withstand him. legend of zu is possibly 6hours condensed into 1h40. one does not understand all, but like at "2001 a space odyssey" you also don't have to, but one feels the power of the film to every second, every picture. an extraordinary vision of the future of the 7th art and the one of the most pioneering, astounding, rejoicing in the recent years. vital severe masterpiece! it's absolutely perfect as it is.when tsui hark experiments, nothing and no one can withstand him. legend of zu is possibly 6hours condensed into 1h40. one does not understand all, but one feels the power of the film to every second, every picture. an extraordinary vision of the future of the 7th art and the one of the most pioneering, astounding, rejoicing in the recent years. vital severe masterpiece! it's absolutely perfect as it is. 10000000000000/10000000000000

i just came back from hong kong on my summer vacation and saw the legend of zu. i thought it kicked a*s! it was so creative and unique. it's the crouching tiger hidden dragon with a lot less drama. even if some thought there was too much special fx(yeah right!), you can't complain about the cast. zhang ziyi and cecilia cheung are so fine!!! the legend of zu.....kicks a*s!!!!!!!!

i have previously seen zu: warriors from the magic mountain. in that film, the setting takes place in china's mountains, the legend of zu looks like another dimension!! thank that to tsui hark's extensive use of cgi effects. he's able to portray his vision of mountains floating above the clouds, a land where beings fly freely, and powers ranging from razor sharp wing blades, split swords, and the ultra cool moon orb.while there are many characters in this one, the focus is mainly on king sky and enigma. the romance aspect is there, although the movie seems much darker than its predecessor. cecilia cheung is beautiful and her presence on screen makes this movie worth watching. in the beginning, i like how she resembles the countess (from zu warriors) and she does well playing enigma as she deals with facing her past life. oh, by the way, did i mention that cecilia's very appealing to the eye??in truth, zu warriors had more comedy elements and its special effects were limited due to its time in 1983. tsui hark takes it to a whole new level and sets a new standard in cinema.

i remember that the trailer for legend of zu was quite impressive and being a fan of a man called hero (my all time favourite), storm riders i decided that i must watch this one too. i know that there is way to much critcism on ekin cheng's acting ability everywhere but he is my favourite hong kong moviestar so far (way better than nicolas tse nevertheless)and he is one of the factors that i enjoyed this movie. without a doubt this film is a work of art from the beginning to the end. i even thought that only the actors were real and everything else was computer generated by the end of this film. they must have put a lot of work into this one and they deserve good credit for that. the storyline of the movie was a fairytale between good and evil with a love story thrown in (i guess ekin cheng pulls the girls easily).the story is not very intellectual and deep but that is not what you expect when watcing an action movie. i wished there were more martial arts action with fists and fist instead of battles with magical abilities, but well that's life and it never goes the way you want it to. and why did they sound like supersonic planes in the battle through the sky in the end ? that's way too funny. legend of zu cannot be a man called hero in my eyes but it flows like a videogame and that is not a bad thing at all. if a company decides to publish games on this movie i will not get suprised as it carries all the videogames elements. good work. please make more fantasy movies like this

this is like "crouching tiger, hidden dragon" in a more surreal, fantasy setting with incredible special effects and computer generated imagery that would put industrial light and magic to shame. the plot may be hard to follow, but that is the nature of translating chinese folklore to the screen; certainly the overall story would probably be more familiar to its native audience. however, an intelligent person should be able to keep up; moreover, the martial arts scenes potency are amplified by eye popping cgi.

i've been a fan of xu ke (hark tsui) for many year since school. this film is the best fantasy movie in years. i dont think "action" is the right genre, though there're lot of action and kongfu scenese. wait, did i mentioned this is an oriental fantasy moive? please, keep in mind that do not use hollywood formula to rate this film. and for the guy who "poo" around, i don't blame you, 'cause you still young and need to know more about "culture".

this is one amazing movie!!!!! you have to realize that chinese folklore is complicated and philosophical. there are always stories behind stories. i myself did not understand everything but knowing chinese folklore (i studied them in school)it is very complicated. you just have to take what it gives you.....enjoy the movie and enjoy the ride....hooray!!!!

o my gosh... just give me a minute to breath. this movie takes you on an awesome ride and doesn't let you go until the very last blow in your face ending. this is the the movie for fans of stormriders and such. legend of zu was beautifully created, although i didn't like a few things, they used alot of stand ins. i wanted to see the real person fight but, oh well... a few small let downs,and i didn't really like it a lot until i watched it again, when you understand it more it totally kicks a**! i encourage anyone who ever wanted to see a true asian movie, to see this movie. i give this movie one of my highest ratings.go and see it when it comes out in america!!!

i can't tell you all how much i love this movie. i have read reviews that say that this move is "too confusing" or "like swimming in drying concrete". i say that these reviewers have no imagination! for anyone who loves fantasy fiction, this movie is for you. if you ever loved playing dungeons & dragons... this movie is for you, (especially if you got into the oriental adventures) i'm just sorry that i did not get to see this movie on the big screen. (just more incentive to get my own big screen t.v. :-)

this is a film exploring the female sexuality in a way not so often used. almost every other film with this kind of sexual scenes always becomes rated x, and so seen as a pornographic movie. here is a kind of romantic horror story combined with the females "own satisfaction" need.a very good film!

i guess this is meant to be a sort of reworking or updating of "beauty and the beast", but i can't say i've ever watched a movie that began with several minutes of graphic horse sex. wow. anyway it seems that a young woman and her..aunt? have traveled to this castle in france where the woman is to be married to the son of the castle owner, who is the man who takes care of making sure the horses get their rocks off. it seems that there are legends in that area of a beast that was rather, uh, frisky, i guess you could say, with the ladies, or at least, one in particular. there are all kinds of references tucked away in that regard but every time the soon-to-be-blushing young bride gets her curious little hands on one the groom's father removes it from her sight. anyway, the young bride-to-be goes upstairs to sleep while the family is waiting for a cardinal to show up to the wedding (a family member, i guess) and as she dreams she dreams of a beast in the woods that has its way with her. the effects in this leave a little to be desired, and any attempt at eroticism (not that i know much about that) is kind of rendered laughable, especially when certain featured appendages appear about as realistic as a bed post or a baseball bat. this has a rather strange and abrupt, yet twist ending, with not really any clues or much build up to it, but it was kind of fitting and definitely not what i expected. i don't know, this is kind of a tough one to get through but it has its moments and is definitely weird. 7 out of 10.

if you were born around the time this movie was finished, and had a liberal/open minded household that i had, i'm sure during the early 80's you'd be first introduced to walking in on your parents watching dirty movies or extreme dirty movies. you know, not 100% pornographic but rather an alchemical mixture of actual drama and pornography, or that you'd sneak into their collection and pop in the plastic rectangle representation of such a film in a big dookie machine called a vhs. you had to be very quiet and ninja like but still having minor heart failure when huge pop noises were made when pressing the tablet-like buttons out of fear of being discovered. whatever the case, such films were sent into the back of your mind, waiting and waiting to be reunited with such visual "art". needless to say, this movie fits into the aforementioned description to a "t". many people will comment on the extreme sexual nature of the film but perhaps due to me being desensitized, i am more disturbed by the subtleties. was the creator speaking to us on deeper levels of human carnality and or what could be considered a true abomination, interracial relations, bed frame masturbation, voyeurism, or could it be desperation for social status to the point of murder, pedophilia/homosexuality, or the repressed sexual nature of social elitist females in 18th century france? who can say, but despite mr. borowcyzk's taste for vivid, raw sexuality being the "norm" for his works, i'd say that indeed this movie does speak to the viewer on a deeper level concerning bestial carnality. once i have learned this, the story became much more interesting beyond the giddiness of shock value and there fore, it is well worth checking out.

wow. uhm...well...wow! i guess i'll start with the plot. a betrothed woman (lucy) arrives at the family home of her would be husband (mathurin) in france, where they are awaiting the arrival of the bishop or cardinal or someone in the catholic church to marry them (to satisfy a will.) while waiting, young lucy learns about a legend of a beast who roamed the grounds centuries before. in bed that night, she begins fantasizing about the beast and his rape-turned-consensual tryst with the former lady of the house. that's where it gets interesting! the plot is really pretty thin (and it seems to drag on for quite a while in the middle of the flick), but the filmmaker rewards (?) those who stick it out with a shocking and hilarious finale.this movie isn't for everyone. if you're looking for great cinema, look elsewhere. if you're looking for a far-out movie about bestiality (that almost casts a sympathetic glance over the subject) this movie is for you! (if you have a weak stomach, don't be afraid of this one. outside of some horse-on-horse action at the beginning, the 'deeds' are pretty cartoonish, imo)

i must say, i thought i had seen it all. i am an extremely jaded movie buff. this movie didn't shock me, by any means. i'm way past that point. but it did take me to certain emotional places i didn't know i could go to. i had no idea i could ever find (ick) the idea of beastiality erotic. never never never. ever. ever. but there you go. he did it. i have to give the director credit. he pulled it off.for the first 40 minutes this movie is a total bore. we start off with some very explicit footage of two horses having sex. after five minutes of this i started wondering if buying this movie wasn't a mistake. then an old guy in a wheelchair talks to some other old guy about two people getting married. then some nervous guy shaves. then we see (briefly) a hot chick getting it on with a butler (but this is very brief). at this point i was cursing the movie out loud while trying to stay awake. in fact, i fell asleep at about the 40 minute mark and forced myself to finish it the next night.we finally get the good stuff when a girl (who knows who she is, or who anyone is in this movie) has a dream about a victorian-era gal being ravaged by a beast-thing in the forest. the scene goes on for quite some time and is really the meat (heh-heh) of the whole deal. it's beautifully shot, superbly edited, and does deliver the goods. they do try to wrap up the plot at the end and it sort of makes sense but sort of doesn't either. oh well. i would definitely recommend this film. the first 40 minutes made me want to shoot myself (and my tv) but the last 50 minutes totally redeems it.

this one is out there. not much to say about it except that it deals with a rarely touched topic in films of beastiality. i can see why this film was banned for so long, the topics dealt within the film are still a little taboo for most of the world will say the eroticism in the film is well deserved and fits in with the mood of the film. it's a good film that is well acted and serves a purpose ...to shock the viewer and cross boundaries that we don't see to often in films. i came across this film on the net that i thought i might check out. i enjoyed the film as it is thought provoking and somewhat erotic at the same time. something you don't rarely see in films today.

strangely erotic schlock gothic horror that will be loved by hammer house of horror fans the world over. appears to be an interesting take on "beauty and the beast". it is definitely worth a look and surprisingly well acted when taking into consideration the genre and era.corsets, castles, rutting horses, rampaging faux fur monsters in the woods, proof that no-one had a brazilian in the 70's, and more bodily fluids than you can shake a stick at, what more could you possibly want?!it certainly brightened my sunday afternoon!

legend of zu is possibly the most exciting movie ive seen in recent years. it transcends all expectations and is truly a work of art. with unmatched visual sceneries and story of divine proportions, legend of zu proceeds to blow over its viewers with its majesty. this movie is wonderously crafted through the use of high tech cgi which allows fans of the fantasy genre to see their visions come to life. the acting is perfect for this type of movie; if you were an immortal with supernatural powers i would think you'd keep more to yourself.unlike the comments of many, the plot is actually quite easy to follow while maintaining a quick pace that adds a sense of urgency. anyone that cannot keep track of the different characters simply must not be paying attention since or are used to such levels of sophistication as the titanic. the plot is engaging and layered with themes so epic that they will leave you gasping for air. legend of zu is on a level of greatness so high that perhaps many people are put off by its grandeur. allow yourself to be completely engulfed within its fantastical vision and you will grow to love this movie.

this movie is simply incredible! i had expected something quite different form the film that i actually saw. however, it is very insightful in that it shows the aggressive nature of human sexuality and its linkage with animal behavior. let me warn those among the readers of this article who are easily offended by content that is all too sexual, for the explicit sexual nature of this film feels like a high-brow sort of pornography. it even features a scene that comes extremely close to rape.meanwhile, i strongly suggest seeing this rare work of "sexual art". every minute of the picture breathes the sexual spirit of the seventies, by the way. one should not forget how times have changed!go see it! it´s worth your money and time!

i saw this film in a london cinema in 1975 and have not seen it since. i found it hilarious. i loved it's originality. it's rare that someone makes a movie like this - and it's sad too.what i mean is, i once read a book called "the black hotel" - and as a film-fan, i always "picture" books as films. kinda "adapt" them, you know? but as i read it, i thought, well, this would make a great movie - but of course it would have to be "adapted" - to the point where it would bear little relationship to the book.but then i thought, well why? sure, it could never be shown on sunday afternoon tv, but provided it were shown in cinemas to adults, who knew what it contained, where's the harm? dammit, my civil liberties were being crushed here. a director should be able to make a literal film adaptation of "the black hotel".in an ideal world, censorship of films for adults should not exist. but sadly, whilst i accept that with intelligent adults, such freedom might be harmless, there would always be those who would lack the rationality to differentiate between fantasy and reality, and who might be spurred on to commit foul deeds.however, it's hard to see how "la bete" falls into that category.on it's appearance in england, the british censor dismissed it out of hand. despite the '69 relaxation on nudity, given the film's theoretical theme of bestiality, had the censor passed any of it, he'd have been looking for a new job on monday.but... in those days, there was an alternative. the g.l.c. this was a local town council with a department who had the power to pass a film just for london, where it was deemed audiences were more "sopisticated" than those who lived out in the sticks.the film was duly submitted and passed. however, it later emerged that the "board" consisted of just four people - three who voted, plus a "chairman". and on the day, one of the voters was off sick. thus the remaining two voters and the chairman sat down to view "la bete".one of said voters thought, like me, that the film was hilarious and hardly likely to encourage foul deeds by anyone. the other lacked imagination and simply thought the piece disgusting. and the chairman didn't understand it, so decided to err on the side of freedom.when the missing voter finally saw the film, they too thought it disgusting, but it was too late! the film had received its "x-london" certificate and opened to mixed reaction. the g.l.c. film censorship board was disbanded soon after! thus "la bete" only opened in london by what could best be termed a fluke! but i'm glad it was. it's great! if you haven't seen it, do so. it's a fantasy, and as such, it's far less disturbing than most things you see on the news these days...

good movie, very 70s, you can not expect much from a film like this,, sirpa lane is an actress of erotic films, a nice body but nothing exceptional savant to a pornographic actress from the body disappears, but the '70s were characterized a small breasts and a simple eroticism. not demand a lot from these films are light years away from the movies today, the world has changed incredibly. the plot is simple and the actors not extraordinary. and the brunette actress has a single body, has one breast slightly bigger. be satisfied. papaya also is not great but at least these films have a certain charm ... download them again but then again who knows what you pretend not to them.

regardless of what personal opinion one may have of walerian borowczyk grotesque yet beautiful gem "la bête" of 1975, one has to admit that this bizarre gem is an absolutely unique cinematic experience. borowczyk erotic fairy tale was banned in several countries for a long time, and it is quite obvious why this controversial gem fell victim to stuporous film censors. "la bête" is a fascinating blend of intense and beautiful fairy-tale-like atmosphere, quite explicit eroticism and genuine weirdness that bravely refuses to take any compromise. the fact that beastiality (of sorts) is one of the film's central themes did certainly not help it with the censors, but it made it highly controversial and therefore known to a wider audience.pierre de l'esperance (guy tréjan), the head of a french aristocratic family, has arranged for his somewhat demented son mathurin (pierre benedetti) to marry lucy broadhurst (lisbeth hummel), the young and beautiful daughter of a wealthy english family. due to an old curse, mathurin's uncle (marcel dalió) is strictly against the wedding. when lucy and her mother arrive at the french estate, lucy immediately gets fascinated with a portrait of the 18th century ancestor romilda (sirpa lane), and with an old book depicting bizarre drawings. the story soon descends into a bizarre sexual fever-dream... without giving away too much, i can say that fans of exceptional cinema should not consider missing this film. as bizarre as it is, "la bête" is doubtlessly also stunningly beautiful in style, settings and cinematography. the fever-dream-like atmosphere is present within- and out of dream-sequences. the forest estate and the imposing family mansion are magnificent settings, and the beautiful score and incredible cinematography build an overwhelming atmosphere for this grotesque tale. the very explicit sexuality ranges from erotic (elegant female nudity, ravishing actresses) to seriously demented and even somewhat disgusting (close-ups on horses' genitalia while having intercourse,...); in either case it is not likely to be forgotten. the entire cast of "la bête" is fantastic and all involved deliver great performances in eccentric characters (some of which are seriously demented). the film profits from an exceptionally beautiful cast, be it lisbeth hummel in the lead, finnish actress sirpa lane (who sadly died of aids in 1999) as the ancestor in the dream-sequences, or the relatively unknown but particularly ravishing actress pascale rivault, who plays the aristocratic daughter who takes ever opportunity to have sex with a black servant in a cupboard.i am intentionally not giving a full description of the most important parts of the plot as they simply have to be seen to be believed. some scenes are among the most bizarre ever caught on film, the scenes with the eponymous 'beast' definitely being among them. certainly not everybody's cup of tea, but very highly recommended to fans of controversial and unusual cinema. a true cult gem!

for anyone who has only seen disney productions beautifully animated version of 'beauty & the beast', or even jean cocteau's surreal fairy tale vision will be quite taken aback by this 1975 french (but with a director from poland) version. the plot concerns a french family of fading aristocracy that is marrying into a well to do english family. the major catch is that the bridegroom is carrying an ancient curse on the family. the film also includes many flashback sequences (potentially) explaining this family curse. from the opening credits, to the very end, it's a nearly non stop erotic fun house ride, with some very explicit & graphic sexual content (hence the film's x rating in the u.s. in it's initial run,which is now unrated). the film's somewhat contemptuous sentiment at the ruling class will probably remind one of bunuel's flights into similar territory. if you have a taste for the truly bizarre, and are not offended by "taboo" material, then this film may just scratch that itch for you.

now my friends, films like "la bête" (aka "the beast" or "o monstro")only can be done in the old continent :),in this film we see all: horses dirty sex, nymphomaniac kind off gorilla, non sense dialogs, etc, etc, etc... in the serious terms now,its an allegory, that men sometimes could be bestial, visceral and brutal,walerian borowczyk (the director) shows us the loss of innocence, sexual violence, rape and brutality. its a astonishing cinematic experience, bizarre and full of grotesque scenes. for all fans of european shocking exploitation, i recommend this film.if you like this one i recommend: "orloff against the invisible man" and "alterated states".

perhaps it's me and my perverted ways, or the fact that i tend to have a very sick mind, but i rented this film at random one very weird night and to my great surprise, i enjoyed it. yes, i read the synopsis on the back of the dvd box and read that it had been banned for 25 years and figured i was prepared for anything it would offer. i was clearly deceived after seeing...well...everything, to cut a long story short. i can see why it was banned, not only for such explicit sex scenes, but for beastiality. of course, as it is freely based on the classic fairy tale of beauty and the beast, a personal favorite of mine, it tells the story of a girl's sexual awakening over a dream about a duchess being chased by a whatever-the-hell-that-thing-was-like beast with an enormous erection and a substantial amount of ejaculation. of course, the beast gets what he wants and the duchess decides she likes it and they continue frolicking in the woods. but that's not all. oh, there is so much more! not only do we get to see interspecial sex, but there's also humping horses, the babysitter who gets down and dirty with the slave when she's not humping the bed to get her...er...satisfaction and the daydreaming girl masturbating with rose petals. creative and enjoyable, but it did take a while for my father to talk to me again after he watched it after i went to bed...i was 15. words of advice when watching this film: make sure you're the only one who knows you have it and watch it with the curtains closed. it may be fun, but i doubt there are other porn films like this one.

youth, sexuality, and the french countryside -- one of the more unique films you're ever going to see. if you can see it that is, no mean feat considering how hard it is to find copies of it (a combination of scarcity and censorship.) it's sometimes erotic, sometimes disgusting, and occasionally funny. a trifle boring also in the middle, but all in all you can't call yourself an aficionado of bizarre film until you've seen this one at least once.

polish film maker walerian borowczyk's la bête (french, 1975, aka the beast) is among the most controversial and brave films ever made and a very excellent one too. this film tells everything that's generally been hidden and denied about our nature and our sexual nature in particular with the symbolism and silence of its images. the images may look wild, perverse, "sick" or exciting, but they are all in relation with the lastly mentioned. sex, desire and death are very strong and primary things and dominate all the flesh that has a human soul inside it. they interest and temptate us so powerfully (and by our nature) that they are considered scary, unacceptable and something too wild to be true. a sophisticated young woman travels with her mother to a french countryside to meet her soon-to-become husband whom with she has had a letter affair of some kind. all are very exciting and each others' parents and relatives wait impatiently to see the new people arriving to their families. the innocence of the young bride shines through and no one knows what can happen and wake up inside the walls of the big and beautiful french mansion, with all its humans and animals, and a mysterious "la bête" that turns out to be something that the characters, nor most of the film's audience, could have never imagined to be real and (in front of) them.the film is about the same theme as canadian david cronenberg's debyt feature shivers (1975), which happens inside a huge luxury building in which destructive and gory parasites spread from human to human by sexual contact and make people act furiously and violently in their lust for pleasure and fulfilment of instincts. human has instincts that can be and are stronger than his will and that is why those instincts can be as dangerous and powerful as the instincts of some other animal, a beast, be it a lust for blood, revenge or sex and carnal pleasure. humans are only animals that have intelligence and tools to convey it but because we are also animals, that intelligence is not always used too much as can be seen anywhere around us. the film opens greatly, and very shockingly for most hypocritic attitudes, showing a horny male horse raging in fury as he waits to get inside the mare and continue the race, but the rage and visible lust we see from his eyes and violent movements are the key elements of that beginning and why it is there, not the close-ups of organs as could be so easily claimed. the horse is a beast that battles in an almost unbearable heat, in heat that's much stronger than his will as he doesn't have any control at that point anymore. the power of the instinct makes an animal a beast.after the memorable beginning, the characters get introduced, and the film fantastically has all the necessary age groups inside it from the little innocent children waiting to grow up and develop to their blossom, to the adults and elders that all represent their own part of the lifespan, creating the face of human life on screen. a film doesn't necessarily need more characters this way as all the important ones are already there and represent the whole race, including the urban and countryside inhabitants, and both sexes. the mansion makes the protagonist girl's sexuality wake as she saws the horses coupling and acting like she obviously has never thought of. for the first time she sees something unique and something that excites and feels almost vital for her and her body, like getting water when you're very thirsty. the transformation of the girl is a very important element in the film as she has lived unaware of these things inside her, with his mother and camera and a letter-boyfriend, even though the things have just waited for the moment to burst out. flesh desires flesh and that belongs to being a humanimal, but still those things are not so easily admitted everywhere and films like these trying to depict it get banned for decades? man's stupidity and unwillingness to interpret images must not be an argument for a film being banned or otherwise violated.the film's last 30 minutes are also as important as the beginning, and once again show how powerful cinema is without needless words and talk. as the girl and audience realizes what her body starts to feel and desire, she starts to have dreams about the mysterious beast that turns out to be none other than the undressed form of ourselves, having lived in the woods without other people/beasts near him. the dream sequence is the one that causes and caused most of the controversy alongside the film's overall straight and honest attitude, and the images are so easy to be judged as "perverse" and "pornographic", without a courage to go deeper into them, character reactions and thoughts behind what we see. the images are exciting in her dream and also eventually inside the dream for the dream's (more) human character, and borowczyk forces us to admit it with the images that are so close to a "normal" sexual act between a man and a female, which is a beautiful thing and expression of love, another human need. also the numerous, and cleverly blackly humorous love making scenes inside the mansion, between the young mother and the black servant, get interrupted many times as someone screams for the servant, for example, and there's no doubt that the sensual image of two young human bodies being together and being interrupted with an angry shout at least doesn't become any more pleasant by the interruption. borowczyk has managed to paint his images so beautiful and "sensitive" that his message is almost impossible to be misunderstood, but nothing seems to be impossible for our cultures and minds that criticize art. he uses dialogue only when it's necessary, otherwise the images do the job and make the film powerful.death is also there, as flesh dies sooner or later, after years of life and instincts, it dies. the ending is inevitable but the meaning of the dream sequence could have also been as powerful without the kind of dramatic and "revealing" ending too. another blackly humorous element comes when we see the shocked city women running out of the place in which they saw a little more than they were looking for! they visited the mansion of truth about flesh, us and them. the film reminds me of french writer georges bataille's story of the eye with its same themes about eroticism, death and how they both are always connected to the nature of our flesh. the book is well written and fantastic as well as this film, and naturally both have been blamed for their "too explicit" content and other equally noteworthy shallow comments.borowczyk's film is also very beautiful visually alongside its raw honesty, and the nature and forest have rarely looked so bright and shining as they do in this film. the sun shines through the trees, and to everyplace where humans live, and the beauty of it is always there, but so is the ugliness that originates by the inhabitants of the world. to every innocent white sheep there's a selfish, evil and horrible beast in our world and that is why the intelligence we have been given never fully seems to overcome the power of our bad instincts and the other side of the sheep, present inside every human soul. it is about how many manages to keep the dark side passive and not active. the fulfilment of some of our instincts is not a bad thing, and by using this intelligence and seeing which of the instincts are good and which bad, they can be satisfied without exploitation, violence and the lethal and destructive circle created by it. human is not more than an animal with intelligence, intelligence that is so easy to be forgotten and eaten to the background by things that feel better and more satisfying at each and perhaps sudden moment. borowczyk's film is a masterpiece, unforgettable and clever piece of magical cinema with ageless theme and also an example of how much can be achieved, expressed and given by a film maker, who is also only a human.

ok...this one's a weirdy....honestly, i can't tell you all the inner plot-points of the beast, cuz i started losing interest when nothing happened during the first 45 or more minutes - but just wait, it definitely does "pick up"...the plot involves something about a monster in the woods that some french aristocrat chick screwed back in the day. eventually you see "the beast", which looks like a guy dressed in a giant rat-bear costume with a horse cock attached to it. the scene takes place with the aristocrat woman running around the forest looking for a lost sheep. the sheep ends up dead and the woman gets scared. the beast pops up, rapes the chick and shoots 400 gallons of spunk all over her. eventually the chick starts to enjoy the beast's "attention" which results in some pretty novel simulated sex scenes, including an unnervingly erotic foot masturbation scene where the woman jerks the beast off with her feet while the monster shoots more huge loads everywhere (yeah, i've got a twisted foot-fetish - so sue me....)...the whole film is told in flashbacks and long-winded dialog scenes that tended to be a bit tedious. a "shocking" but predictable ending concludes this extremely strange film...the beast is a film that i find kind of hard to rate. the cinematography itself is quite eye-catching and the sets, costumes and locations are elaborate. the plot is a little convoluted and seems to take it self awfully seriously for what ends up being such an unintentionally hilarious film about a chick boning a rat-bear. a good bit of tits, ass, and hairy 70's french bushes to help make up for the dull first half of the film. i have to honestly say, that if it weren't for the graphic scenes of the beast spackling all over the willing maiden, this film would have been a real bore - that is unless you like dull dialog and some graphic horse sex (the beginning has a very up-close and personal scene of two horses boning, including a pulsating and spunk covered female horse vagina...yum!!!). but the beast sex scene is so strange and such a refreshing change from the rest of the film, that i have to say that those scenes alone make up for what otherwise would have been a real snoozer. i have to recommend this one to anyone who thinks they've seen it all - the beast rape really is out-there and something to be witnessed. also recommended to any fans of 70's/80's sleaze films - this one ranks pretty high with them. worth a look for you sick rat-bear beastiality lovers out there (like me)...8/10

i rented this film in dvd form without knowing anything at all about it, part of a winter marathon of watching a film every night. after several awful american action adventure films (ballistic, daredevil, cradle of life) zhu warriors struck me as brilliantly original filmmaking. the story is complete nonsense, but i found the film's sincerity, good- heartedness and complete lack of irony refreshing, and the film looks spectacular. sure, the special effects are not technically as flawless as those produced by hollywood, but the filmmakers wisely are more interested in color, composition and movement than realism and so many of the shots are breathtaking. in one shot, two of the superhuman characters stand on craggy spires of rock, a huge moon rising before them, the image perfectly balanced by the three elements. in another, a princess-warrior spires through the heavens behind her glowing sword like a heat-seeking missile. and the colors explode from shot to shot, used to express emotion rather than to represent reality.the characters have the same simplicity and directness of comic book characters, offering no great depth in themselves but referring to archtypes that resonate more deeply. physically, several of the actors are astonishingly beautiful. they play their roles straight up, without irony or guile, and so are believable.most strange of all, despite the clumsiness of plot and thin characterizations, i found myself very near tears at the end, moved by the beautiful simplicity of the actors and the wildly original, good-hearted vision of the director.

"la bête" by walerian borowczyk is based on the short story "lokis" written by prosper merimée.lucy broadhurst(lisabeth hummel),an american heiress betrothed to the son of an impoverished marquis,arrives at the family's crumbling château and learns of a mythical ursine beast purported to prowl the nearby forest.it is fabled that a former lady of the house(sirpa lane)once engaged in perverse sex with the creature and lucy finds herself consumed by dreams of the incident. "the beast" is an art-house mix of surreal horror,explicit sleaze and porno.there's implied bestiality,assault and perversion in the priesthood,copious fake ejaculate smeared on bared breasts,masturbation with a rose and, most graphic of all,the eponymous beast toying with incredibly big phallus.still this genuinely erotic film is wonderfully photographed and tasteless.the women here are stunningly beautiful and they are naked most of the time.overall "la bête" is a visual feast.whether it be from the fetishistic attention to detail,or the visual motifs pregnant with information,borowczyk's masterpiece should be watched with care and attention.a must-see for fans of european cult cinema.

if, like me, you like your films to be unique, and unlike the majority of other movies, then i wholly recommend that you check out the beast. the film is a grotesque, erotic, fantasy fairytale that centres around a mythological 'beast' that is rumoured to wander the grounds of a french mansion and lusts after women. the film is very daring with it's subject material, and that is something to give it credit for. the theme of bestiality is a definite taboo, and for good reason, i might add; but the film conveys it; straight and to the point. like other films that handle a taboo subject at their centre, the beast could have gone around it, and made us use our imagination to fill in the gaps, but borowczyk didn't do that, and he is brave in that respect, especially as making a film like this will leave him open to all kinds of criticisms, but the fact that he went ahead with it, in my view, means a big thumbs up for the guy.the film starts off with a sequence that sees a randy male horse mount a female. this opener puts an exclamation mark on the film and prepares the audience, in some ways, for the incredible, tour de force of eroticism that they are about to see. the scenes which see the beast mate with the woman are gratuitous and shocking, and are bound to offend many people (hence the reason it was banned for over 20 years), but these scenes are not merely an excuse for borowczyk to shock the viewer; this film has a defining point. as said during the film; the only difference between man and beast is intelligence. both man and beast have instincts, only man knows how to control them. the beast explores this difference between man and beast through sexuality; the fantasy sequence in which the beast appears epitomises the control of human desire, and it is only when the central female character lets go of her control that she can see the beast. the film has strong themes of the age-old story of 'beauty and beast' weaved into it, and overall this is a shockingly morbid tale of lust, but not without a moral.many criticise the scenes around the film's shocking sex sequences for being boring, but these scenes are important to the film's story. without these scenes, we wouldn't get to know the characters or the story of the beast, and, most importantly; the story of 'beauty and the beast' would not be able to have it's horrifying conclusion dealt to the audience, and as that is one of the key elements of the film; it would be a real shame. besides that, borowczyk keeps his audience entertained through these scenes, not with shocks, but with dialogue and the upper class persona of the family, along with the beautiful shots of the mansion's ground would not be seen, and therefore the stark contrast between that and the events later on in the film would not exist either.overall, the beast is a shocking film. it's portrayal of a taboo subject and the shocking way it is portrayed will ensure that this film is not for everyone. however, if you can get over the film's shock, and embrace the beast; what awaits is a skilful and beautiful piece of art that should not be missed by anyone that is willing to give this film a chance.

this movie is well done on so many levels that i am in awe that the score is as low as it is (5.9/10(576 votes) as of this writing). this movie has incredible special effects, a true epic storyline, complex great character interaction, and mind-blowing battles - they have to be seen to be believed! the only complaint i have is the subtitles on the hk dvd version i got (some lines were not translated - ???).i just don't understand when i read & hear from various sources: "it has a confusing plot....", "i couldn't follow the story...." or "characters came from nowhere...". from the very 1st time i watched this movie, i understood it, followed it, knew why characters were there, and i absolutely loved it! i've watched it about 8 times already and each time it is pure enjoyment. oh, and this is not just my opinion, because i've shown this movie to many fellow americans (people who have never seen an hk film before) who feel the same way. not one of them failed to follow the storyline and each person declared their love for this movie. oh man, why can't we have stuff like this coming out of hollywood? at least lord of the rings had a nice marriage of special effects, character development, and storyline.this is not coming from a asian film lover newbie either. i own an extensive library of asian films and i must say that this movie is one of my greatest dvds. when you watch it you will be blown away by the amazing special effects and epic feel of this movie. you will be drawn into this fantasy world and you won't want to leave! i've seen both the 1983 version and the 2001 (both done by tsui hark), and the 2001 is far better in comparison imo.besides the subtitles, i have one additional complaint about this movie: i didn't want it to end.... i'm begging you mr. hark - can we please have a sequel?

this movie is not only the funniest film ever created, it's the greatest. my hats off to mr. and mrs. zodsworth and the rest of the wacky, wacky cast. good morning satan, want a donut? see it post haste! go see it now!

fatty drives the bus is simply the funniest, most original and entertaining piece of work i have ever had the pleasure of seeing.this movie is by no means up to hollywood standards, or even that of a straight-to-video movie fluff comedy starring terry "hulk" hogan, in terms of camera work, editing, acting, budget, or anything else.what this movie does have though, is a very original and enjoyable story, and it is obviously done by people who love making it, and the enthusiasm of the all the cast and crew really break through all its budget and acting downfalls.this movie proves that you don't need a huge budget or decent actors to make a great film, all you need are some original ideas and some passion for what your doing.simply the best movie ever. i don't care how you get it, rent it, order it, steal it, download it, just see this movie.now i just hope they make a dvd version.

no, i'm not joking around. if you ever, ever, have the chance to see this movie see it. if you need chop off your arm to see it, see it. it's worth it.fatty drives the bus is unlike any film you've ever seen. it takes trash cinema and elevates it to a work of art. while it contains poor shots, idiotic characters, bad dialogue, strange acting, and cinematography that belongs on public access in iowa, it actually succeeds in its goal as a film. it strives to be the dumbest, strangest, most inane movie you've ever seen. and boy does it ever succeed.i will lay out the plot for those of you who worry about such things (the filmmakers obviously didn't), but really you needn't pay too much attention because the entire film's plot is presented in a very long piece of text played before the opening credits. in any event, fdtb (as its admirers call it) is the story of a bus tour through chicago, which is led by satan. you see, jesus is in town, and all the passengers on the bus are supposed to die, and all their souls would have gone to hell, except with jesus in town, a lackey in hell calls off the job, and this angers satan because, well he doesn't like looking like a fool in front of the guy, so he decides to get the people on the bus to sign over their souls to him directly, but he's a devil, so he needs to disguise himself, otherwise, who'd go on a tour with him right, so he disguises himself as roger and he gets on the bus, where the driver is never referred to by name, but he is kind of fat, so i guess he's fatty. the bus (and the riders) are on a collision course with wackiness!examples of some lunacy: the title repeats on the screen 3 times. i don't know why. a character appears on the bus in mid-trip without explanation or introduction, and occassionally sits next to the others, and they look at her like she doesn't belong. i don't know why. two characters fall in love and exchange longing glances, that are really the same shots repeated over and over again. i don't know why. after satan gives a minute long monologue about transforming into human form a title card flashes "satan is going to transform." i don't know why. one character is a woman who is very obviously a man in drag, and is referred to by other characters as "the glamorous bridget." i don't know why.if there was one good thing that came out of my internship at troma last summer it was getting my own copy of fatty drives the bus.

for a while i was caught in the trap where i found myself watching independent and foreign films and lying to myself that i liked them. fatty drives the bus is the exception. it is the truth. it is the best "bad" movie ever.the "badness" of this movie seems to come naturally. halfway through satan's opening monologue, the word "hell" appears at the bottom of the screen. the glamorous bridget is an unshaven man in a wig and a thrift store dress. it takes the eccentric couple that keeps trying to kill each other forever to walk down the stairs. jesus walks to a funk soundtrack.anyways, fatty gives the impression that someone lost their tenure for advising a senior's film project. but it's the sincerity of how bad it is that makes it so wonderful. you get the impression the makers knew it was going to be bad, but never forced it.never to be duplicated in wonder, fatty delivers. highly highly recommended.

though i liked on the town better i really liked it. i'm a new comer when it comes to frank sinatra and gene kelly. though i had heard of them i had never seen anything with them in it until recently. the first one i saw was singin in the rain that made me a fan of gene's. i think that is better too. but i thought that this movie was good and like all movies there are some parts that are better than others but in my book it's an awesome movie and i love it. frank and gene make a good team. i have yet to see them together in take me out to the ballgame. but i'm sticking to my guns bu saying that i really enjoyed it, and that i love it!

lots of singing and dancing in this one, especially by gene kelly. two sailors go on liberty to see if they can find love and romance. they meet up with a woman who is trying to break into show business. musical lovers only.

yes, this is one of the great musical movies i grew up with with such great entertainers as frank sinatra and gene kelly, not to mention the petite and glorious voice of kathryn grayson. the music and dancing is superb. i understand frank took lessons from kelly; and there is kelly dancing with jerry mouse, which is quite unique for the time. betty garrett plays the waitress who falls in love with sinatra. she is one of hollywood's great underrated stars. i saw this again on a&e tv and as well have it in my old vcr tapes. never get tired of these old musicals. whatever happened to hollywood??

this has some excellent spots but the length of the film can not sustain the wafer thin plot. it is another sailors on leave film, zippier than astaire's 'follow the fleet' but not as good as 'on the town'. kathryn grayson is bland but kelly and sinatra work well together. their 'if you knew susie' number is hilarious as they make up the song as they sing it. 'i begged her' is also fun with sinatra showing how adept he was at hoofing. sinatra's solo songs are dull and seem to be inserted to show off his singing rather than as part of the story. fortunately there are accomplished supporting actors like grady sutton, rags ragland, carlos ramirez and pamela britton and an unlikely but impertubable jose iturbi as himself, to keep one watching.kelly is the star of the film, although third billed and it is interesting to see him interact with children, which astaire never did. dean stockwell plays a child who wants to be in the navy and latches on to the kelly character. he also visit a school resulting in him telling the children a fictitious story of his life in the pomeranian (!)navy which leads to his wonderful dance with an animated jerry mouse. in another scene he dances a charming mexican hat dance with a sublimely grave faced little girl, sharon mcmanus, that is entrancing and sweet. very pleasant then but a bit too long. a taster of better musicals to come.

for such films like `anchors aweigh', few have been bestowed with as many academy award accolades in a warm up for happy hour. either 1945 was a beleaguered year for good film or they were still suffering advance shock by billy wilder's `the lost weekend' that they wrote anything starting with a on the ballot for best picture to please the still musical picture faithful public. since gene kelly was nominated for this performance instead of his role in `singin' in the rain', then there had to be something wrong with the behind the scenes rigging systems at mgm. of course, the studio is on its best behaviour during this much lauded tour of the great studios and of hollywood itself, handy for those stuck on the other side of the world.yet a sailor suit musical with the brilliant talents of gene and frank sinatra is certainly an enjoyable farce, despite the need for more people to yawn at the previews for the musical so today's audiences wouldn't be slapped with an unnecessary runtime. there have been many longer pieces before and since, but in this case all of the charming kathryn grayson's scenes could have been eliminated. until the viewing of `kiss me kate' it may have been necessary non-opera enthusiasts to watch any of her films with remote control in hand. if there was a need to practice picking up women for 1949's `on the town', then perhaps the shore leave lucky sailors did not have to promise an audition with jose iturbi and strike up the piano for a whole hearted `susie' rendition. few are lucky to get a screen test at the golden studios of mgm. then few are even luckier to be attended to. there are no regrets to be had about the successful screen tests of susan abbot or kathryn grayson, but it makes the continual non-opera enthusiast hope for the eventual pink slip to be handed out to both. but for all, the star talents are good shape and an above average score thrown in with a slight, but fun great navy story intertwined with young ambitious navy boys good for late bursts of wartime morale, makes `anchors' at least doesn't question picking the wrong mgm film. the direction holds up as the cast carries the story in lovely colour cinematography. whenever anyone bursts into music or song, the film makes for a joyous occasion.the natural highlight of the film is gene kelly's cartoon adventures in a fantasyland, climaxing in a brilliant dance with jerry the mouse. this is a well-deserved masterpiece number of kelly's career, and it's nice to know he thought of it before fred astaire started taking to dancing on walls and ceilings.it's not exactly sitting down to a triple flavour, rainbow sprinkled, chocolate wafer, cream and cherry and banana split sundae, but it is a square solid lump of sugar that somehow eventually melts in your mouth and despite the guilt, is still a pleasant feeling.rating: 7/10

ah, a kelly/sinatra sailor-suit musical. so familiar, right? yes, but this isn't the one you usually hear about. on the town's that-a-way. but if you stick around, you might learn something. okay, probably not. anyway, anchors aweigh tells the story of two sailors on a three- or four-day leave. joe is the "sea wolf" and clarence, the bookish type, begs joe to get him a "dame". now, after they're picked up by the coppers they get little donald home. that's where they meet susie, that temptress, that jezebel. just kidding! clarence falls in love with her. at least he thinks he does. is he right? or is he a moron? or is he just misguided by society? find out all this and more when you watch {trumpet fanfare} anchors aweigh!p.s. if you want to see kathryn grayson be anything but sickeningly sweet, try kiss me kate (1953).

i really liked this movie. i have seen several gene kelly flicks and this is one of his best. i would actually put it above his more famous american in paris. sometimes it seems the story gets lost in gene kelly movies to the wonderful dance and song numbers, but not in this movie. it is definitely worth renting.

one of the first of the best musicals, anchors aweigh features several memorable musical sequences, such as kelly dancing with jerry the mouse, kelly dancing with 7-year-old sharon mcmanus, sinatra singing with jose iturbi playing piano, kathryn grayson singing with iturbi conducting, and much more. the technicolor is perfect, with some innovative camera work such as seeing a piano played from beneath, through transparent keys, and grayson singing, seen through the finder of another camera. the plot is thin, but you get involved from kelly's & sinatra's enthusiasm. sailor's on leave, they have to take home a runaway boy (dean stockwell) and sinatra falls for his aunt. to set him up with the aunt (grayson), kelly suggests that sinatra can get her an audition with jose iturbi. but sinatra's young and naive in this one, and in his own sung words falls in love too fast. while they're trying to contact iturbi, who's never available, he starts to fall for another girl (barbara britton); but kelly's now falling love with grayson. anchors aweigh is most often remembered for the combination live-action / cartoon sequence with tom and jerry, but there's a lot more here that's worth a look. i'm giving it nine stars because, while it's not quite as good as the best musicals - singin' in the rain, the music man, oklahoma - it is one of the first of their class of technicolor big productions (perhaps meet me in st. louis was the first), and better than most others.

a recent viewing of that's entertainment has given me the urge to watch many of the classic mgm musicals from the forties and fifties. anchors aweigh is certainly a lesser film than on the town. the songs aren't as good, nor is the chemistry between the characters. but the film beautifully interweaves classical favorites, such as tchaikovsky. and the scene at the hollywood bowl, with sinatra and kelly emerging from the woods above it at the top, and then running down the steps, while dozens of pianists play on the piano, is the best scene in the film, even though the scene in which kelly dances with jerry mouse is more famous. classical music enthusiasts will no doubt identify the music the pianists are playing. sinatra then croons, "i fall in love too easily," before having his epiphany about whom he loves. the color is beautiful, hollywood looks pretty with its mountains and pollution-free air (can you imagine hollywood in the twenties, let alone the mid-1940s?!), and the piano music is absolutely glorious. mgm certainly had a flair for creating lyrical moments like these.

incredibly artistic nobody could make them now i think.it seem to be perfect the biggest and the greatest musical ever made listen to the beautiful songs the are quite poetry.i'm italian and admired by american musical. why can't you do something like that now?american were the best and for that i absolutely show my devotion to you with this movie.there are words to describes the perfection of this movie. all of a sudden my heart sings, what makes the sunset? i fall in love to easily,jealousy...and the scene with tom and jerry. the greatest without reserve. if you you doesn't know your eyes are not open my friends you must see it and appreciate...wake up!

anchors aweigh is an entertaining mgm musical that fans of the genre will enjoy but i wouldn't rate it up there with classics like singin in the rain or the band wagon. this was the first of three musicals that gene kelly and frank sinatra appeared in together. kelly and sinatra play joe brady and clarence doolittle, two sailors on leave in hollywood who befriend a young boy (dean stockwell)who introduces them to his attractive young aunt (kathryn grayson) a struggling actress who is working as an extra at mgm. though both guys are initially attracted to grayson, she eventually voices a preference to joe but clarence later hooks up with a waitress (pamela britton)who, he learns is from his hometown of brooklyn. the paper-thin plot leaves room for several great musical numbers including "we hate to leave", joe and clarence's lament to their fellow sailors as they're leaving the ship; grayson's torrid rendition of "jalousie"; sinatra's dreamy rendition of "i fall in love too easily" (a number which is sadly deleted from some prints of this film), and "the worry song", a fantasy dance that kelly does with animated jerry the mouse from tom and jerry fame. kelly also does a sort of kissing bandit fantasy ballet which rivals his pirate's ballet in the later the pirate. kelly is in peak form here, in a robust and energetic performance that earned him his only oscar nomination for best actor and sinatra's endearingly shy character here is undeniably sexy. an entertaining diversion for fans of the mgm musical factory.

"anchors aweigh" is the product of the classic mgm musical production unit, and on the whole the film is every enjoyable  good music by jule styne and others, excellent dancing by gene kelly (and even a passable job by frank sinatra), and a funny well-paced script. the only major element i would criticize would be the casting of kathryn grayson, whose presence in a film always means the audience will be subjected to endless pseudo-operatic warbling from the petite miss.kelly plays a naval serviceman named joseph brady, a man with a mythic reputation around the ship as a lover but whose valentino-charms are constantly being subdued by the presence of his less cocksure friend with the improbable middle-american name of clarence (sinatra). upon receiving 3 days of shore leave for saving clarence's life, joe reluctantly agrees to help clarence find a girl based on the dubious premise that he owes him something for saving his life. they are drafted by a policeman (rags ragland), who needs them to help coax a precocious young boy (dean stockwell) who wants to join the navy into returning home to "aunt susan" (grayson). at first it is clarence who is interested in wooing "aunt susan" but eventually kelly's character emerges as the more likely candidate.there are several standout musical scenes but nothing to come close to kelly's more famous work in films like "singin' in the rain" and "american in paris". the closest we get is a gimmicky sequence with kelly's character in a fantasy sequence dancing with jerry, the mouse from "tom and jerry" (although he seems to be closer in size to a dog or cat here than to a mouse). it's a startling sequence for its time but doesn't have enough complexity or emotion to really stand the test of time. i actually enjoyed the parts of the sequence that took place prior to the animation, where kelly was using semi-balletic moves to emphasize the transition into the fantasy world and where we see him dance down a tunnel that looks like something right out of "alice in wonderland".eventually the characters find their way to susan's favorite bar, a somewhat sanitized mexican restaurant/bar in tijuana. there the patrons happily allow ms. grayson to chirp her arias with abandon, and the management becomes very excited at the opportunity that clarence and joe have extended for her to sing with their "friend" jose iturbi (playing himself with a light humorous touch). of course they've never met their "friend" iturbi and they spend much of the film's length trying to reach him (in an amusing scene sinatra's character meets iturbi but mistakes him for a piano tuner and urges him to abandon tuning pianos and try a professional career), sneaking into the studio and the hollywood bowl, where iturbi is rehearsing a surreal symphony comprised of dozens of young piano players  you haven't seen anything like this outside of "1000 fingers of dr. t". iturbi himself is a kind of a god-figure in the story  he represents the opportunity for salvation from the drudgery of unfulfilling work and the possibility for fame and artistic achievement for the heroine. everyone is 100% sure that as soon as mr. iturbi so much as hears ms. grayson, her operatic career will be a reality. the 3 primary characters are desperate to reach him and they think of him as some kind of remote and distant mythological figure  a lot of the film's charm and humor comes from the contrast of this perception to the very down-to-earth "real" mannerisms of the maestro. and speaking of iturbi's contributions to the film, he also provides a very stimulating musical moment with his orchestral interpretation of "donkey serenade".when all is said and done, this is a film that nobody who enjoys musicals will want to miss. the majority of the music was written for this film, a nice contrast to recycled soundtracks for other kelly opuses like "rain" and "american". kelly is still at his early peak, adventurous and boisterous in both his dances and his interpretation of the character. sinatra's voice was never in better form and he rarely had better songs to sing. stockwell is a charming addition to the clan, and grayson's character is endearing when she isn't posturing on stage. iturbi adds that well-grounded but sophisticated tone that perfectly matches the atmosphere and style of the classic-era mgm musical. this is one of the better ones.

absolutely enjoyable singing and dancing movie starring frank sinatra and gen kelly, as well as kathryn grayson.the film won and oscar for george e. stoll's score, and it garnered nominations for best picture, best actor for kelly, and best cinematography, as well as a best son nomination for "i fall in love too easily" sung by sinatra.it was a cute story about kelly helping his pal sinatra get a girl and falling in love with her himself. the lovely grayson (the toast of new orleans) dazzled us with her singing, and we had a lot of great songs and dance routines by kelly and sinatra, as well as the artistry of pianist-conductor josé iturbi.a classic hollywood music from an era gone by.

two sailors are on leave--ladies man joseph brady (gene kelly) and shy innocent clarence doolittle (frank sinatra). they meet beautiful susan abbott (kathryn grayson) and both fall in love with her. there's more but you've probably guessed it.the story (even for a 1940s musical) is ridiculous and everything is so nice and wholesome--gets annoying pretty quick. also this movie is far too long. it's 140 minutes and that's way too much for such a silly story. there are also some boring numbers by jose iturbi and his orchestra. still this is worth catching.when kelly is dancing or sinatra or grayson are singing this becomes magical. none of the songs are particularly memorable but sinatra had such a beautiful voice you won't care. it's shot in rich technicolor with all the gloss mgm had. the acting is ok--kelly is fine (although seeing him as a ladies man is pushing it) and sinatra is just great (although seeing him as a shy guy was pushing it too!). grayson is given nothing to do but she's incredibly beautiful to look at. some shots of her literally took my breath away! there are plenty of highlights here: sinatra and kelly's big dancing and singing number; sinatra singing anything; grayson's two songs and the justly famous animated sequence in which kelly dances with jerry--an animated mouse! tom does a funny cameo too. also there's little dean stockwell who steals every scene he's in.so it's too long and the plot just doesn't hold up but it's still worth catching. this was a huge hit in its day.

usually musicals in the 1940's were of a set formula - and if you studied films you know what i'm talking about - a certain running lenghth, very "showy" performances that were great on the surface but never got into the real personalities of the characters etc.this one is different - and light years better and well worth it's nomination for best picture of the year - 1945 (although had no chance of beating the eventual winner - lost weekend).gene kelly was probably in the best form of his career - yes i know about "american in paris" and "singing in the rain". this one is different. he really gets into his character of a "sea wolf" thinking (at first) that "picking up any girl while on leave" is nothing more than a lark. and if you had to make up a "story" to get her - so be it - until. sort of like the music man when he gets "his foot caught in the door". the eventual hilarity of the film stems mostly from his and his new pal (sinatra)'s attempt to make the "story" good in order to "get the girl" that he really and unexpectedly falls in love with. you are going to have to see the movie to see what i mean.besides that there are so many other elements of great film in this one, it's a classic buddy story, nostalgia to a time when wwii was almost over (the war ended about a month after the films release), a realization that a guy that always laughed at life can find out that he really is a great human being, great songs and probably a few other elements of classic film making that i can't think of right now.why not a 10? near the end - at nearly 2 1/2 hours starts to feel a bit long. there is a small ballet number that gene kelly does that must have been a sensation in 1945 but seems dated and feels like it just adds minutes now. but overall, this ones a definite winner on every level.

similar to "on the town," this musical about sailors on shore leave falls short of the later classic in terms of pacing and the quality of the songs, but it has its own charms. kelly has three fabulous dance routines: one with jerry the cartoon mouse of "tom and jerry" fame, one with a little girl, and a fantasy sequence where he is a spanish lover determined to reach his lady on a high balcony. sinatra, playing kelly's shy, inexperienced buddy, and grayson, the woman who serves as the love interest for both men, do most of the singing. iturbi provides some fine piano playing. at nearly two and half hours, it is a bit too long for a light musical but it doesn't drag.

gene kelly, frank sinatra, kathryn grayson, and jose iturbi star in "anchors aweigh," directed by george sidney.kelly and sinatra are joe and clarence, two navy guys on leave in hollywood. they meet a little boy (dean stockwell) and on taking him home, they meet his aunt (grayson). clarence falls for her. she wants an audition for jose iturbi. they try to help, but there's a mix-up.this is a very energetic musical with great dancing and singing by kelly and sinatra. kelly gets to dance with jerry the mouse in a delightful sequence. grayson sings jalousie and my heart sings. not one of my favorite voices, but she does well. iturbi's piano work is beautiful.sinatra gets to show his versatility and why the girls swooned over him, with those big blue eyes and boyish face. for kelly, this was a major break for him at mgm.wonderful movie, very buoyant.

right from the start you see that "anchors aweigh" is a great comedy. gene kelly and frank sinatra make such a funny team! the songs they sing together are pure entertainment. kathryn grayson is gorgeous and really sweet. dean stockwell is the cutiest child actor i've never seen. if you are fond of piano, you'll be amazed by josé iturbi. this movie was the first one to combine animation with real actors and it did that wonderfully in an unforgettable dance number. undoubtedly one of kelly's funniest movies.

although in my opinion this is one of the lesser musicals of stars frank sinatra, gene kelly, kathryn grayson and director george sidney, a lesser musical featuring anyone from that line-up is nothing to sneeze at, and in conjunction, the line-up makes anchors aweigh a pretty good film despite its flaws.sinatra and kelly are clarence doolittle and joseph brady, respectively, two navy men. as the film begins, they're just pulling in to the los angeles area for some much needed leave. brady plans on visiting a girlfriend named lola. doolittle is still a bit wet behind the ears, appropriately enough, and seeks advice on women from brady in private (publicly, scriptwriter isobel lennart and sidney have all of the navy men comically exaggerating their finesse with women to each other). brady promises to help get doolittle hooked up, but primarily because doolittle won't leave him alone otherwise. a kink is put into their plans when local police basically force them to assist with a young boy who is obsessed with the navy. he won't give the police any information about who he is or where he lives. brady helps and he and doolittle end up taking the boy back home. when the boy's guardian, susan abbott (grayson), finally shows up, doolittle goes gaga for her. brady tries to convince him to forget about her; brady just wants to get back to lola. but they keep getting coaxed back to abbott's home, and eventually something of a love triangle forms. things become more complicated when brady lies about doolittle knowing a famous musician, jose iturbi, who is in residence at a film studio, and claims that doolittle has set up an audition for abbott, who is a singer and actress, in front of iturbi.because of the story, the music is a strange combination of militaristic music--because of the navy premise, obviously, broadway pop--what the stars tend to sing in more informal settings, opera--what abbott's character excels at, liberace-like popular classical--what iturbi did, and mexican music--because abbott frequents a mexican restaurant in a mexican section of l.a. the combination doesn't work as well as it could. plenty of the songs are good, and everyone involved is certainly talented as a singer or musician, but the genre hopping tends to lose coherence. worse, there are a couple showcases for iturbi, who was apparently a big star at the time, that effectively bring the plot to a halt and that seem more than a bit hokey at this point in time. i just watched another film that happened to have outstanding music, robert altman's kansas city (1996), but that misguidedly stopped the plot to periodically turn into a concert film. anchors aweigh takes a similar tactic. yes, this is a musical, but there's a difference between songs that propel and are integral to the plot and concert showcases that seem like contractual obligation material.there are also some plot problems. it's not very well established why brady is so against doolittle's pursuit of abbott. we can guess that brady thinks doolittle shouldn't become involved with someone who has to take care of a kid, and who seems relatively "proper" and traditional, but on the other hand, brady can tell that doolittle doesn't have the same womanizing disposition that brady admits of himself. abbott seems like a good fit for doolittle, and furthermore, lennart works hard to establish that brady just wants to get doolittle out of his hair and get on with meeting lola--it seems that brady's character should be quickly pawning doolittle off on any candidate, whether she's a good fit or not. this might seem like a minor detail, but it's actually the hinge for about a third to half of the plot. the story also seems a bit drawn out. length is a problem. anchors aweigh, clocking in at roughly two hours and twenty minutes, should have been cut down by at least a half-hour.the above surely sounds like i'm complaining about the film too much to justify an 8. i just wanted to stress what i see as flaws, because the conventional wisdom on anchors aweigh is much closer to the idea that it has no flaws.sinatra, kelly and grayson are certainly charismatic, separately and together. they turn in good, interesting performances. sinatra looks and acts much younger than his actual age of 29  30 while shooting. he plays an unusually naïve, virginal character--completely different than most of the roles he would take later, and different than his public image as a crooner. for kelly, this was his breakthrough film, and rightfully so. his choreography is varied and impressive, as is his acting. grayson is charming, her performance is sophisticatedly understated, and she's simply gorgeous. all of this helps override the flaws with the script and the drawn out pacing.and there's even a very interesting element that probably only arises because sidney was allowed to sprawl over a large variety of moods--the infamous kelly dance with jerry the mouse (of "tom and jerry" fame) in an extended fantasy sequence. this is one of the earliest examples of combining live action and animation, and it is extremely well done and enjoyable as long as you're a fan of fantasy. the fantasy sequences tend to be the best of the film. matched in excellence to the dance with jerry the mouse is a long song and dance number featuring kelly and grayson, where brady is imagining abbott in a scene from a period film while he woos her, having to resort to acrobatic stunts to reach her physically as she stands on a high balcony.as uneven and flawed as the film is, it is largely successful and entertaining to watch. fans of classic musicals certainly shouldn't miss anchors aweigh, and neither should sinatra fans, who'll get quite a kick out of his character.

this film (like astaire's royal wedding - which was shown after it on turner classic network last night) is famous for a single musical sequence that has gained a place in gene kelly's record: like fred astaire dancing with a clothing rack and later dancing around a room's walls and ceiling, this film had gene kelly dancing in a cartoon sequence with jerry mouse. the sequence is nicely done. what is forgotten is that kelly is telling the story behind the cartoon sequence to dean stockwell and his fellow child students at school during a break in the day, and sets the stage for the sequence by having stockwell and the others shut their eyes and imagine a pastoral type of background. kelly even changes the navy blues he actually wears into a white "pomeranian" navy uniform with blue stripes on it. jerry mouse does more than dance with gene. he actually talks - a first that he did not repeat for many decades. he also finally puts tom cat into his proper place - tom briefly appears as king jerry's butler, trying to cheer him with a platter of cheeses.but the sequence of the cartoon with kelly took about seven minutes of the movie. far more of this peculiar film is taken up with kelly's story of the lost four day furlough in hollywood, and how kelly ends up meeting katherine grayson and (with frank sinatra) stalking jose iturbi at the mgm film studio, the hollywood bowl, and iturbi's own home. except that the two sailors mean no harm this film could have been quite disturbing.kelly has saved sinatra's life in the pacific, and is getting a medal as a result. they are both among the crewmen back in california who are getting a four day leave. but the script writers (to propel what would be a short film - kelly has plans to spend four days having sex with one "lola", an unseen good time girl in hollywood) saddle gene with frank. it seems frank is one of those idiots that appear in film after film of the movie factories (particularly musical comedies) who are socially underdeveloped and in need of "instruction" about meeting girls (or guys if the characters are women). frank insists that gene help "teach him" how to get a girl. just then a policeman takes them to headquarters to help the cops with a little boy (stockwell) who insists on joining the navy (and won't give the cops his real name and address). when a protesting kelly is able to get this information out of stockwell by asking him some straight questions (which the cops could not ask), they insist kelly take the boy home to his aunt (grayson). still protesting, kelly gets saddled with increasingly complicated problems (mostly due to sinatra's simplistic soul view of things). he misses seeing lola the next day by sleeping late - sinatra felt he looked so peaceful sleeping he did not wake him up. he keeps getting dragged back to grayson's house, as sinatra feels she is the right woman for himself, but needs kelly to train him in love making.i suppose my presentation of the plot may annoy fans of anchors aweigh, but i find this kind of story irritating. while the singing and dancing and concert music of kelly, sinatra, grayson, and iturbi are first rate, it is annoying to have to take the idiocies of someone like sinatra's character seriously. in the real world kelly would have beaten the hell out of him at the start for following him at the beginning of the four day furlough - what right has he to insist (as sinatra does) that someone who saves their life should assist him on learning how to date? that kind of crap always ruins the total affects of a musical for me - unless the musical numbers are so superior as to make me forget this type of nonsense.the stalking of iturbi is likewise annoying. kelly tries to get grayson to like sinatra when he says sinatra can get her a meeting with jose iturbi to audition her singing ability. for much of the rest of the picture sinatra and kelly try to do that, and keep floundering (at one point - for no really good reason - grayson herself ruins kelly's attempt to get an interview at mgm with iturbi). it is only sheer luck (that iturbi feels sorry for an embarrassed grayson) that she does give him an audition of her talent. kelly, by the way, ends up with grayson. sinatra's conscience at not being able to help her see iturbi makes him ashamed of his bothering her (but not pulling kelly into it, oddly enough) and he meanwhile accidentally stumbles into meeting a waitress (pamela britton) from his native brooklyn. and naturally, without any assistance from kelly, sinatra and britton fall in love. ah,"consistency"! thy name is not "screenwriting" necessarily!

the united states was still fighting world war ii (the movie was released in between ve day and vj day). any studio worth its salt was either making fighting movies where fearless american soldiers beat the enemy, or americans in general were singing and dancing. technicolor musicals were what america thrived on in the depressing days when everything was rationed. most musicals of the day were simply a bunch of musical numbers strung together with the best available plot slipped in to fill time til the next musical number! i get the feeling now that the people reviewing this movie were all born after 1970. depressing how quickly we forget.this film could've been called "the search for jose iturbi" but now everyone wonders why. allow me to explain. from 1929--his arrival in america--until his death in 1980, iturbi was one of the finest pianists to grace a concert stage. he agreed to do a few movies in 1942, but hollywood had been after him for nearly a decade at that time. not only an excellent pianist, but a successful conductor as well, iturbi was very much a household word for more than 40 years. the scene where iturbi and 17 other pianists play one of liszt's rhapsodies was planned early on--and hasn't anyone ever noticed the other pianists were all children? joe pasternak, who produced that movie & many other mgm musicals, credited iturbi with interesting america's youth in classical music. grayson's wanting an audition with iturbi in the movie was not unlike real life at the time. everyone wanted iturbi back then. the joke among soldiers was that "gi" meant "get iturbi" (he did a lot of concerts at military bases).gene kelly was a great dancer and frank sinatra an excellent singer, but at the time this movie was made sinatra was barely 30 and had only been under contract to columbia records for four years. kelly was already well-known as a dancer, but iturbi had by then been a world-wide sensation for 20+ years.and as to the lack of a plot, americans didn't need plot. they were tired of war, they were sick with fear for their loved ones, and worried about the future. they needed happiness and hope and the assurance that things would work out fine in the end. they needed music and smiles and joy and romance. this movie and others like it delivered just what was needed.enough lecturing. mouse dancing aside, the best scene in the movie occurs between sinatra and iturbi with each of them "ignorantly" complimenting the other's music.if you have any interest in jose iturbi, the spaniard who conquered more of america than de soto, cortez, and de leon put together, please drop by my website, www.joseiturbi.com, where you can find a plot summary, excerpts from movie reviews "of the day" and pictures from this and certain other mgm musicals of the 1940's, as well as a biography and discography of iturbi.trout

joseph brady and clarence doolittle are two sailors, who have a four-day shore leave in hollywood.joe knows everything about girls and can't wait to see lola, while clarence is shyer and needs some advice from his buddy on how to meet girls.they then run into a little boy, donald martin, who has ran away in order to join the navy.they take him home and meet his beautiful aunt susan, who wants to be a singer.clarence wants susie to be his girl, but his shyness gets in the way.but he doesn't feel shy with a waitress, who comes from brooklyn, like he does.soon joe notices he's in love with susie.the boys are in a fix when they lie to susie on meeting with a big time music producer they don't even know.as they are in a fix with their feelings.george sidney's anchors aweigh (1945) is a great musical comedy.gene kelly is top-notch, once again, in his singing and dancing routines.frank sinatra is terrific as the shy guy from brooklyn.shy isn't the first thing that comes to mind when you think of frank sinatra, but he plays his part well.kathryn grayson is fantastic as susan abbott.we sadly lost this gifted actress and operatic soprano singer last month at the age of 88.the 9-year old dean stockwell does amazing job as the little fellow wanting to become a sailor.jose iturbi does great job performing himself.it's magic what he does with the piano.edgar kennedy plays chief of police station.sara berner is the voice of jerry mouse.there's a lot of great stuff in this movie and some fantastic singing and dancing numbers.just look at kelly and sinatra performing "we hate to leave".it's so energetic."if you knew susie (like i know susie)" is quite funny.it's a nice moment when frank sings brahms' lullaby to little dean stockwell.it's lovely to listen to grayson singing the tango "jealousy" .the most memorable sequence is the one that takes into the animated fantasy world, and there gene sings and dances with jerry mouse.also tom cat is seen there as the butler.they originally asked mickey mouse but he refused.the movie was nominated for five oscars but georgie stoll got one for original music score.anchors aweigh is some high class entertainment.

this one has a lot going for it - sinatra, styne, cahn, pamela britten -and a lesser amount of dross - iturbi, grayson - plus a little ho hum - kelly. it was sinatra's first real movie where the producer's spent a buck and you could see it on screen (previously he'd appeared in two low-budgeters, higher and higher and step lively) but if they'd only relied on the sinatra pipes and deep sixed grayson's plus iturbi's ego-tripping piano spots we'd have been left with a much tighter movie and a better showcase for sinatra. as it is he scores heavily in all his songs from the two duets with kelly - we hate to leave, i begged her - to his own solos, what makes the sunset, the charm of you and i fall in love too easily. despite this step lively remains the best sinatra musical of the forties on one tenth the budget.

overall this is a delightful, light-hearted, romantic, musical comedy. i suppose a small case could be made for the movie being to long. but i'm not sure what you would cut out. the singing that kelly and sinatra do? no. the fabulous dancing that kelly does? no. the time the movie takes to develop the story line and develop the relationships of the characters? no (that seems to be a common complaint many times that more recent movies don't develop the characters).some comment that iturbi didn't bring much to the movie but this gives us a chance to see and hear a great talent from the 1040s. so what if he wasn't an actor? he was an important part of the movie as the basic plot was to get grayson an audition with him. originally katherine grayson wanted to be an opera star. louis b. mayer brought her to mgm for a screen test that included an aria. during her audition in the movie there is a shot of the mgm brass nodding and smiling. you can just imagine it was like that when she had made her real screen test years before.this movie is so full of life it is hard to hit all of the highlights. great use was made of color and lighting throughout the movie. you can see why frank sinatra became the star he did. a nice counter-point in the movie is how sinatra (a ladies man even then) played the role of wanting to just find a date while on leave. you'll feel good after seeing this movie. 7/10

since i first saw anchors aweigh in 1945, viewing it on videotape holds a lot of nostalgia for me. at age 15, it was easy for me to be drawn into the first of the great mgm technicolor musicals. now i am perhaps most interested in thinking about the future careers of the leading players. though sinatra had done a couple of negligible films soon after his emergence after his dorsey days, as a solo singer, this was his first major film appearance. as another viewer noted, this seems almost to be a warm-up for on the town. sinatra may have had to work hard at it, but his dance with kelly is credible, and he would do better in their next pairings. however, observing his physique, it's easy to see why he was caricatured as a string bean. who would have imagined that within a decade he would win an academy award for acting, and go on to play many roles as a tough detective or leader in combat. though gene kelly's personality and dancing dominated this film, his winsome performance did not suggest that he would become a major creative force, almost the iconic figure, for mgm musicals, where he developed a style of dance complementary to that of fred astaire. finally, it was strange to see the fresh-faced dean stockwell and remember that he would later play a "thrill" killer in compulsion, based on the leopold-loeb murder from the 1920s. an additional note: one reviewer praised the performance of betty garrett as sinatra's love interest. she later played opposite him in on the town, but pamela britton was featured in this film.

in the citadel film series book the films of gene kelly, anchors aweigh is described as a kingpin of a musical. i sure can't do better than that. it's such an important film in both the careers of gene kelly and frank sinatra. kathryn grayson didn't do too badly with this either.louis b. mayer had lent gene kelly out to columbia where harry cohn had an inspiration to let kelly choreograph his own numbers and because of it, cover girl became a classic. so if mayer didn't learn a lesson, producer joe pasternak did and allowed kelly artistic control. when anchors aweigh was finished, fred astaire at last had a dancing rival for monarch of cinema dance.the main number everyone talks about with gene kelly here is the dance with jerry mouse. originally kelly wanted to do the number with walt disney's mickey mouse, but disney wasn't lending mickey out to nobody. mickey would have to wait until who framed roger rabbit to do an outside film. not to worry because mgm had it's own animated rodent one half the team of tom and jerry.kelly as dancer always strived to do something new and different on screen as did fred astaire. for the next dozen years, these two were allowed all kinds of artistic control and were praised for their work even if the films themselves weren't up to snuff. it was like each inspired the other to bigger and better creativity, kelly for mgm, astaire for mgm and any number of other studios. in anchors aweigh, kelly got sinatra to dance a bit. in fact frank sinatra always gave credit to gene kelly for showing him how musicals should be done as he gave credit to both burt lancaster and montgomery clift for their help in earning him is oscar for from here to eternity.when frank sinatra had half of his contract bought from rko by mgm he insisted on a little artistic creativity on his own. he'd become friends with the songwriting team of jule styne and sammy cahn. in his autobiography sammy cahn tells about how sinatra insisted that they write his songs for this film. louis b. mayer gave in and the team wrote some really fine ballads for him to sing. one of my favorite sinatra numbers comes from anchors aweigh, i fall in love too easily. frank sings it accompanying himself on the piano at an empty hollywood bowl. it's sinatra at his best. with jule styne and later with jimmy van heusen, sammy cahn richly earned the title of having put more song lyrics in frank sinatra's mouth than any other person. they were lifetime friends and cahn always credited sinatra with this milestone boost in his career.on a bet styne and cahn said they could write a song just using a chromatic scale. they proved it in anchors aweigh when kathryn grayson put her soprano to work on all of a sudden my heart sings. she also did some classical numbers.here singing in fact is the basis of the plot. two sailors on leave through a combination of circumstances meet up with kathryn grayson and her orphaned nephew dean stockwell. trying to fix her up with sinatra, kelly says he can get her an audition with jose iturbi. they spend the film trying to accomplish just that. my only disappointment in anchors aweigh was that pamela britton, who plays the waitress 'brooklyn' never got a number herself. she had gotten rave reviews from her performance as meg brockie in brigadoon on broadway and that's what brought her to hollywood. i have a suspicion she had a number that was cut and somewhere in mgm's vaults it might still be.anchors aweigh is a great example of why musicals just aren't made any more. all that creative talent was under contract to metro-goldwyn- mayer. if you had to pay market value for it, the cost might retire some third world country's debt.but the film results would be extraordinary.

the only reason i give this movie 8/10 stars, and not 10, is because 1) sinatra is awful and 2) the love interest of kelly's character leaves much to be desired, (imho). do love that dean stockwell, quantum leap - al, is the little boy. the dance sequence with jerry mouse is one of the most entertaining and amazing dance sequences i have ever seen. tom and jerry is still a personal favorite of mine and my daughter's. i'm 28 and she's 4, so while the character is less iconic than mickey, he is still a favorite of many children and adults today. kelly is as always captivating, his eyes full of fun and excitement. in every movie i have ever seen him in, he always steals the show. one of the best dancers of the 20th century. it is no wonder paula abdul "sampled" kelly's moves. i would also list gene kelly as one of the most beautiful people of the 20th century. if you were to watch only one part, don't miss kelly's dance with jerry mouse. you will not be disappointed.

anchors aweigh sees two eager young sailors, joe brady (gene kelly) and clarence doolittle/brooklyn (frank sinatra), get a special four-day shore leave. eager to get to the girls, particularly joe's lola, neither joe nor brooklyn figure on the interruption of little navy-mad donald (dean stockwell) and his aunt susie (kathryn grayson). unexperienced in the ways of females and courting, brooklyn quickly enlists joe to help him win aunt susie over. along the way, however, joe finds himself falling for the gal he thinks belongs to his best friend. how is brooklyn going to take this betrayal? and does joe end up with susie, who loves him too?the first and second times i saw anchors aweigh, i also saw it at the same time as i did on the town, the kelly/sinatra collaboration from 1949. both times i felt that anchors aweigh was the better film in terms of plotting and structure--all the dances and songs fit the moment in the plot, and they develop the characters and story rather than hamper them. yet, both times i came away feeling that on the town is the better film overall. having now seen both films a third time, i still stand by that judgement. somehow on the town, as a film and a piece of entertainment, is just lighter, gayer, purely and simply *happier*. the numbers are more outrageous and less integral to the plot, and yet somehow it works better than all the dances and singing in anchors aweigh. i'm not quite sure why this is. the typical argument is that the latter film is over-long: at almost two and a half hours, this is certainly a valid criticism to make. i certainly felt the length the first two times i saw it! however, it's also a film that grows on you--the more you see it, the shorter it feels and the more you appreciate the technical mastery involved in its making. and yet, something just doesn't hang together quite right. it feels almost as if the script was pored over, and *every* single moment when kelly could break into dance or sinatra into song was noted, and that's exactly what happened. no opportunity to shoehorn a musical number in was given up... and that's probably the film's biggest weakness. it has 16 numbers (give or take a few), and no matter how big a fan you are of kelly or sinatra, this really starts to turn one numb after a while. (contrast this, for example, with the ten numbers in on the town.) you might well feel that each song, each dance, can't be taken out of the film without leaving it lacking... and that's true. but that's also because the writers weren't more restrained in adding them in in the first place.all this long preamble doesn't mean there's nothing good about anchors aweigh. the musical *is* splashy with great songs bursting out all over, like the duets between kelly and sinatra ('we hate to leave', 'i begged her' and 'if you knew susie'), the singing of sinatra ('what makes the sunset', 'the charm of you', and the best of all, 'i fall in love too easily'), and without a doubt the always inventive, always breathtaking dancing of kelly. it's also hard to miss with a cast of this calibre. grayson is sweet and seems to improve on each viewing (her voice becoming stunning rather than frightening); jose iturbi's role is written sympathetically and he does a great job with it; even clarence's own brooklyn, pamela britton, is cute and charming... as close as one could get to betty garrett without being garrett herself! sinatra is adorable with those blue eyes and curls of his, and plays the innocent boy-man wonderfully (a role he reprises in on the town). his singing is, as usual, simply faultless from enunciation through to timing and phrasing. his solo numbers might seem to drag a little, but when you've got the voice of a century, showcasing it is probably as good a reason as any to slow up the rest of the film!gene kelly's sheer genius in this film is worthy of its own paragraph. third in the billing behind sinatra and grayson respectively, anchors aweigh really is kelly's film. his joe brady is a believable, real character--he's tough on the outside, glib and willing to lie when necessary to win a gal, but he's actually the biggest softy on the inside. kelly makes this charming rather than cloying, but also gives joe a real edge that you see in the scene when joe chases brooklyn around the room with a genuinely murderous look on his face and his breakfast tray in his hands. and the *dancing*--again, the film suffers from the 'too much of a good thing spoils the effect' syndrome, as it does with sinatra's singing. but once again, if it's gene kelly doing the softshoe, or tapping across the screen in a sailor's outfit or dressed up as a bandit chief... might as well err on the side of overdoing it! all of kelly's dances are breathtaking, be it the pared-down simplicity of his tap number with sinatra to 'i begged her', his 'mexican hat dance' with the sweet wide-eyed little girl, or his lavish spanish-influenced dance 'la cumparsita'. of course, the classic image left in audiences' minds for all time would be kelly in his red, white and blue sailor suit, dancing with jerry mouse of 'tom & jerry' fame. a well-deserved golden film memory, to be sure--it's not often that one can say you're impressed by the special effects in a film made in 1945, given the saturation of cgi in the contemporary film market. but gene and jerry still look great, with kelly always hitting his spots and looking exactly where he needs to look. it *would* turn out that just about the only people who could really keep up with gene kelly would be kelly himself (in cover girl) and a cartoon animation. it's doubtless that this first daring, inventive kelly dance with jerry has reserved a place for anchors aweigh in film history and the hearts of classic film buffs. but it's also notable for being the first of three kelly/sinatra film collaborations, and though rather too drawn-out, still a great couple of hours of entertainment. watch it first, then again and maybe again--it'll grow on you before you realise it! 7.5/10

everything a musical comedy should be. gene kelly (as joe brady) doesn't miss a step, and frank sinatra (as clarence doolittle) doesn't miss a note. scenes with them together are very good, showing how much talent can add to a somewhat uneven plot. sinatra's "i fall in love too easily" is an indication of his then and future best. kelly's "mexican hat dance" with a young mexican girl is delightful. kelly certainly earned his nomination as best actor. and there is a bushel of truly funny lines, like: "you think the navy takes dopes?"; "you think anybody sings a sailor to sleep?"; and, "we got in a little trouble, we picked up a little kid." a thoroughly enjoyable movie, just the thing for shaking off the dust of a recently concluded world war ii.

released some months before the end of the war, "anchors aweigh" is one of gene kelly's major musical triumphs of the forties under the direction of george sidney, it had the benefits of a pleasant score, andbest of allthe services of gene kelly in his first true starring role at mgm the year before, in columbia's "cover girl," he had revealed an innovative approach to dance on the screen, a light but agreeable singing voice, and considerable charm in "anchors aweigh," although he was billed under frank sinatra and kathryn grayson, he was laying the solid groundwork for his most revealing years at mgm the film's story, a kind of dry run for "on the town" four years later, follows sailors kelly and sinatra on shore leave, spend their holiday in hollywood, where they become involved in the affairs of an aspiring singer (grayson) and her little nephew (dean stockwell).grayson, it appears, has her heart set on an audition with conductor-pianist jose iturbi she gets the audition, of course; kelly gets grayson after some misunderstandings; and sinatra, has forgotten to be shy, and has lost his heart to a girl from brooklyn (pamela britton).the plot is conventional for the period but, regrettably, it now seems barely tolerable but there is gene kelly, who dominates the movie with his agreeable personality perhaps he grins too much, but when is permitted to dance, the film finally lifts off the ground "i begged her," his early song and dance with sinatra, is amusing and slightly absurd, in which he imagines himself as a bandit chieftain in a spanish courtyard, courting maiden grayson with a flamboyant flamenco dance and some athletic leaps he also does a charming mexican dance with little sharon mcmanus in the square of a mexican settlement in los angelesthe highlight of the movie, however, is kelly's famous dance with the cartoon character jerry the mouse (of "tom and jerry" fame). delightful and innovative, it skillfully combines live action and animation in its tale of a sad mouse king who refuses to allow music in his kingdom until kelly, a sailor in the "pomeranian navy," wearing a striped shirt and a beret, shows him how to dance "look at me, i'm dancin'!" says the gleeful mouse king...

a fey story of a martian attempt to colonize earth. (things must be pretty bad back on mars.) two state troopers investigate the scene of a reported ufo crash. whatever landed is buried under the ice at tracy's pond but there are footsteps in the snow leading to a nearby diner.the diner has had no customers since eleven o'clock that morning. now there are a handful of bus passengers sitting around waiting for permission to cross a structurally weak bridge. the bus driver insists that six passengers were aboard the bus, although he didn't notice who they were. the problem is that there are now seven people waiting for the journey to be resumed. one of them is an alien, but which one? all of them are suspect. there's the crazy old man (jack elam), of course, who seems to exercise a sub rosa wit. there's a blustering businessman who must get to boston (john hoyt). a young couple on their honeymoon. (execrable performance by the husband, ron kipling.) except for the couples, nobody has noticed anyone else. and even the couples are suspicious of each other. bride to newly minted husband: "i could have sworn you had a mole on your chin." the story continues in a sprightly but slightly spooky way -- the phone rings for no reason, the lights go on and off, the juke box turns itself on -- and none of it is to be taken seriously.it's a thoroughly enjoyable ensemble play and the climactic revelation is worth a chuckle. there is no discernible "depth" to it. it's not a moral message about pod people masquerading as normal citizens. it's not a warning of any kind, just a fairy tale that diverts and amuses.i always enjoy it when it's on. it's especially interesting to see john hoyt as the irritable and impatient businessman, knowing that in 1954 he was the roman senator who masterminded the assassination of julius caesar in mgm's version of shakespeare's play. and here he is -- with three arms.oops.

in a series chock-full of brilliant episodes, this one stands out as one of my very favorites. it's not the most profound episode, there's no great meaning or message. but it's a lot of fun, and there are some fine performances.but what makes it really stand out for me is that it is, to my knowledge, the *only* twilight zone episode with a *double* snapper ending. the zone is rightly famous for providing a big surprise at the end of a story. but this time, you get a surprise, and think that's that, but it turns out there's *another* surprise waiting. i just like that so much, that this is probably one of my two favorite episodes (the other being a deeper, more message-oriented one).

one of my favorite twilight zone episodes. and the next day we were in the supermarket at hollywood blvd. and la brea, my father and i, and guess who was coming toward us in the aisle! barney phillips, but no hat on -- at least, i don't think he had a hat on.we asked him about his third eye, and he said something like he left it at home, and everybody he met that day had asked him about it.a friendly guy. we used to see all kinds of character actors in la in those days.btw, i was a teenager and it took a long time for me to get over the "three hands" on the other alien! robyn frisch o'neill hollywood native and resident 1947 to 1963.

a bus full of passengers is stuck during a snow storm. the police have closed the bridge--saying it's unsafe and they are stuck in a little café until the road has been cleared. however, after a while, their boredom is turned to concern, as it seems that one of the passengers was not originally on the bus and may just be an alien!! this leads to a conclusion that is ironic but also rather funny in a low-brow way.this is another of the fun episodes of the twilight zone. instead of the typical twists or social commentary, this one features no lasting message. however, it's also very and watchable, so who cares?! exactly what occurs you'll just have to see for yourself.by the way, this one stars john hoyt--a face most of you will recognize from countless old tv shows and movies. in almost every case, he played a real grouch (like charles lane during the same era), but boy did i love seeing him--as he perfected the grouchy persona and was kind of funny at the same time.

this is one of the more adorable episodes of the twilight zone, with some fun dialog and amusing characters to break the tension of some creepy moments. there's the usual blond vamp "dancer" (what is up with serling's fondness for that kind of character, such that she keeps showing up in various episodes?) and other assorted characters, but it's jack elam's "old man" who totally steals the show. i consider this the funny, light-hearted version of "the monsters are due on maple street" -- or, perhaps, a 20-minute twilight zone parody of "the thing." on another note: i thought the young lover of the episode might be someone who eventually went on to other things -- he looked familiar -- but it seems that "ron kipling" disappeared after just two tv credits to his name.

rod serling was, of course, a genius and his wonderful, playful, creative mind left something of the period in which he lived and examples of television at that state of development. there are no such shows now, but rather "housewife" sluts ala eva longoria or terri hatcher, or the pitiful stabs at humor and witty banter that litter our high-tech screens.jack elam edged into the episode with such acting precision and with his usual craziness that i can't help but think that rod serling was tailoring that long ago week's show around elam, even though he was an ancillary to the flow of the story. this episode ends with a twist, as usual, but shock and humor are mixed with especially "serlingesque" dexterity.rex lewis field

after an anonymous phone call about a spacecraft that would have crashed in a frozen wood, two police officers find evidences that the event really happened and apparently one martian had walked away from the spot. they drive to the nearby hi-way café and they find a bus stopped and seven passengers waiting the reopening of a snowed in bridge. however the driver tells that he had only six passengers when he parked the bus. while interrogating the travelers, weird things happen in the diner, with the lights switching on and off and the turntable turning on and off. when the passengers are released and the bus follows his travel, one passenger returns to the diner and discloses a plot of invasion of earth."will the real martian please stand up?" is one of the best episodes of this great series. the intriguing story has ironic and witty dialogs, funny characters and situations and a surprising and totally unexpected plot point in the very end. my vote is eight.title (brazil): "o marciano" ("the martian")

nifty little episode played mainly for laughs, but with clever dollop of suspense. somehow a martian has snuck aboard a broken-down bus on its way to nowhere, but which passenger is it, (talk about your illegal immigrants!). all-star supporting cast, from wild-eyed jack elam (hamming it up shamelessly), to sexy jean willes (if she's the martian, then i say let's open the borders!), to cruel-faced john hoyt (the most obvious suspect), along with familiar faces john archer and barney phillips (and a nice turn from bill kendis as the bus driver). makes for a very entertaining half-hour even if the action is confined to a single set.

i watched this with my whole family as a 9 year old in 1964 on our black and white tv. i remember my father remarking that "this is how it could have happened - adam and eve." i vividly remember the scene when adam finds eve, her eyes were blackened. i asked my father why were her eyes blackened and he told because she was tired and hungry. having not seen this episode in 45 years, i still remember it vividly - the tv transmissions back and forth with the home planet, scenes of bombs shaking the headquarters, with the final scene of the two walking off, adam carrying his pack and eve following. it may not have been a theatrical work of art, but it certainly left an impression on me all these years.

i just saw this episode this evening, on a recently-added presentation by one of our local independent channels, which now presents two episodes each weekday.as the gentleman opined in the other, previous comment here, i agree this may not have been one of the best programs of the series, but i find it entertaining nonetheless.my father was a friend of one of the principals (in my hometown, cincinnati), for whom young rod serling had worked in the media there -- and i remember dad telling how talented and creative he was remembered there. overall "twilight zone" is certainly one of the true classics in television, and given its production during the height of the cold war period, provides not only a view of this era in the country, but also (today) a nostalgic picture of production techniques, creative viewpoints and the actors of this era several decades ago.* minor "spoiler."*this particular story depicts, as did other presentations in this series and elsewhere, a story where the locale is meant to provide a "surprise" ending. sometimes the characters are on earth, from elsewhere, while the story at first implies at least one is an "earthling." these usually contained the message (as here) of a situation prompted by the doomsday buttons having finally been pressed by the super powers during this cold war period.viewed today, stories like this one provide a nostalgic look at this worldly viewpoint 4-5 decades ago, and still provide some food-for-thought. -- as did this episode.while the dialog may not have stretched the considerable talents of the leads, it still presents a simple, important message, and a worthwhile 20-some minutes of entertainment and interest.

when i heard patrick swayze was finally returning to his acting career with king solomon's mines i was very excited. i was expecting a great indiana jones type action adventure. what i got was a 4 hour long (with commercials) epic that was very slow. the second and third hour could have been dropped altogether and the story would not have suffered for it. the ending was good (no spoilers here)but i was still left wanting more. well all a guy can do is prey that swayze does "roadhouse 2" so he can get back into the action genre that made him famous. until than if your a fan of king solomon's mines than read the book or watch the 1985 version with richard chamberlain and sharon stone which is also not very good but its only and hour and forty minutes of your life gone instead of 4 hours.

who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!! who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun, and these people are supposed to be professional trackers/journeymen!!

i never had an inkling while watching the movie that it was meant for the idiot box. i always thought that this was some very good successful movie of the late 90's. but after i saw on the internet that this was meant for the tv, i was shocked because for a television film, it is absolutely fantastic!the thing that mostly concerned me was the length. i felt that the one on one battle scene should've been removed as it was completely unnecessary. also, it began to drag towards the end as it seemed as if the adventure was never going to end. on the plus side, there is a strong, very interesting and captivating plot with magnificent performances by everyone. i just felt that patrik frayze looked a bit haggard. i also felt that gogool, who looked dementing turned a bit stupid at some scenes.i was delighted by the beautiful landscapes of africa. also, the first half of the movie would have made me give this movie a 9. still, its a great film for the television. 8 out of 10.

true, it does not follow the book very closely, but it's still a very entertaining take on the story. swayze was far better in the role than i expected. and doody avoided the "silly woman out of her depth in the wilderness" portrayal most of us probably expected (cf. kate capshaw in "indiana jones & the temple of doom").at any rate, it's amazingly better than richard chamberlain's awful pair of quatermain flicks.it is very reminiscent of a western in many ways. about the only thing i didn't care for was all the mysticism, but i guess that is part and parcel of the genre. like "how can you have an african adventure story without witch doctresses and preternaturally wise wandering tribesmen?" heh.

i loved this movie. great storyline and actors and good movie sets. it told the story in a way i can easily understand and pay attention to without falling asleep. i would like to know where i could get the soundtrack. i can not find it anywhere. please email me if you know where i could get the soundtrack. other than not being able to find the soundtrack i thought the movie was fascinating. swayze did a great job. i think this is some of his best work. his past movies were ok, but this one really told a story for a change. this will go down in history as being one of the best tv films ever aired. congrats to the producers and writers of such a great piece of work.

watched both parts twice. enjoyed the story and enjoyed seeing an older patrick swayze as the hero. he was very believable as the hunter alan quartermaine and certainly bested the performance of richard chamberlain. i do admit that i would have preferred seeing someone else as the "lady in distress". alison doody should stick with modern and not period pieces. she didn't have the look of the woman of the 1800's. the rest of the cast were terrific and followed the plotlines very well. i am glad to see that the actors of this generation are not afraid to try on different characters and are not afraid to be seen as getting older. age is inevitable, but let's not hide from it. a man at 50+ can be much sexier (and , patrick truly is sexy) then a green youth, no matter how pretty. hoorah for character lines to go along with a great smile.

i thought king solomon's mines was beautifully done. my only reservation was alison doody. her acting was superb but her makeup and hair was not of the period, and always seemed to make her look out of place next to the other actors. i thought patrick swayze was an excellent choice for alan quatermain. it was nice seeing a seasoned, rugged looking actor in this role after sitting through movie after movie with the fair haired, fair skinned actors like val kilmer, brad pitt, etc. he was an excellent choice and i enjoyed every minute of this movie. this version cannot be compared with the 1950's version with stewart grainger. it was a big screen movie and not a made for tv movie. i thought both quatermains were believable but the two medias have to be kept separated. i am looking forward to seeing this once more, and i hope patrick swayze will again look to these type of roles.

the problem with the 1985 version of this movie is simple; indiana jones was so closely modeled after alan quartermain (or at least is an alan quartermain type of character), that the '85 director made the mistake of plundering the ij movies for dialog and story far too deeply. what you got as a finished product was a jumbled mess of the name alan quartermain, in an uneven hodge podge of a cheaply imitated ij saga (with a touch of austin powers-esquire cheese here and there). it was labeled by many critics to have been a "great parody," or "unintentional comedy." unintentional is the word. this movie was never intended to be humorous; witty, yes, but not humorous. unfortunately, it's witless rather than witty.with this new m4tv mini-series, you get much more story, character development of your lead, solid portrayals, and a fine, even, entertaining blend. this story is a bit long; much longer than its predecessors, but deservedly so as this version carries a real storyline and not just action and eye candy. while it features both action and eye candy, it also corrects the mistake made in the 1985 version by forgetting ij all together and going back to the source materials for aq, making for a fine, well - thought - out plot, and some nice complementing sub-plots. now this attempt is not the all out action-extravaganza that is indiana jones. nor is it a poor attempt to be so. this vehicle is plot and character driven and is a beautiful rendition of the aq/ksm saga. filmed on location in south africa, the audience is granted beautiful (if desolate) vistas, sa aboriginal cultures, and some nice wildlife footage to blend smoothly with the performances and storyline here.steve boyum totally surprised me with this one, as i have never been one to subscribe to his vision. in fact, i have disliked most of his work as a director, until this attempt. i hope this is more a new vein of talent and less the fluke that it seems to be. this version rates a 9.8/10 on the "tv" scale from...the fiend :.

if you a purist, don't waste your time - otherwise, hold onto your hat and enjoy the adventure. i loved the stewart granger/deborah kerr version - i've seen it dozens of times, but this film is every bit as good, only different. i won't detail the differences because it would spoil the film. also, it is a pleasure to see alison doody again (i'm a huge indiana jones fan), patrick swayze is good as quatermain, and the supporting cast is superb. i find the quality of the supporting cast one of the trademarks of a hallmark production and this film was no exception. the cinematography is splendid and the score is perfect. if you are looking for entertainment, you won't be disappointed.

king's solomon's mines brings us patrick swayze (playing allan quatermain)who has spent a lot of time in africa, but decides it is time to return to england and be a father to his son. he finds that his wife's parents have taken custody of his son and that he has very little chance of getting custody of him with lots of money for a law suit. in comes alison deedy (playing elizabeth) whose father is in africa and being held by an african tribe for ransom of the map elizabeth's father had sent her. elizabeth seeks out quatermain to take her back to africa to find her father.there is a good cast of supporting characters that go along with quatermain and elizabeth and of course there are some enemies (russians) who want the map also.the movie holds your attention until the end. patrick once again plays a ruggedly handsome honorable man who comes to the rescue of the damsel in distress. patrick is a great dramatic actor who can easily portray passion, loss and despair, the rugged silent good man, anger and strength; in king solomon's minds his character actually smiles a few times. i would really like to see patrick swayze in a relaxed live-loving story again, one in which he doesn't have to clench his jaws and be quite so strong. maybe a little dancing would help. but this is a good movie for the entire family and worth the time to watch it.

this is a sprawling (4 hours) remake of the rider haggard story, with the usual added female and an extraneous subplot with russian soldiers seeking a "stone of power" buried along with the treasure of king solomon. it's very well shot, giving a vivid sense of the wide open spaces of africa, and very well acted. patrick swayze is an excellent alan quatermain, and allison doody is attractive as elizabeth maitland, who hires quatermain to help rescue her father. sidede onyulo as umbopa, gavin hood as mcnabb and the leader of the russian soldiers (not named in imdb's listing) are also memorable. for all that hollywood can't leave a good story alone when they adapt it, this one is well told and, except that it's too long, i enjoyed it. 6/10.

i just watched this for the first time in a long time - i had forgotten both how imaginative the images were, and how witty the movie is. i had not forgotten however the opening scenes which are (with the scene at the candlelight club in waterloo bridge) among the most romantic ever filmed.anyone interested in politics or history will love the movie's offhand references - anyone interested in romance will be moved by hunter-niven, and anyone who loves visual imagery will enjoy the depiction of the afterworld.my favorite movie remains "odd man out" made near the same time - but this one is superb. 

i first see this film almost 21 years ago when it was an itv (before the days of cable and satellite) matinée. i was off school with the mumps and i was totally wrapped in the film. i have had it on bought video for about 10 years and i want to obtain a dvd copy of it. david niven is my all time favourite actor and i think it is a travesty that he was over looked so many times when the oscars came around. i also think that the queen should have knighted him as he easily did as much for the movie industry if not more than sean connery or anthony hopkins. the way the film switches from black and white to colour and back again is well done and the film has such stellar actors as roger livesy, marius goring and an early appearance from richard attenborough.

"stairway to heaven" is a outstanding invention of movie making, probably never duplicated. i rank it with "the wizard of oz" and "african queen," although it is a totally different type of movie than "african queen." "stairway to heaven" is a psycho-drama that uses performance concepts and technical effects that, to my knowledge, are totally unique. for example, there is the combination of b&w and color footage - as in "oz," but the significance of the contrast goes way beyond the simple - but beautiful - effect achieved in "oz." in "stairway" the purpose and effect of the contrast can only be described as powerful.another brilliant aspect of "stairway" is the concept of "time" and how it is used here. how could anybody have conceived of a better way to make time stand still  literally? and then there is the stairway itself!if you have any imagination at all, you will agree with me. "stairway to heaven" is a true gem.

filmed just after the war, this story was made in order to highlight anglo-american relations after the war. it ended up receiving the honour of being the first royal premiere after wwii.remarkably the film tangles together the royal air force, sigmund freud psychology, the founding fathers of america and various others up the long stairs (special effects in its infancy) and beyond the heavenly gates without losing any of its integrity. although sounding absurd, this clever script leads and dances the viewer between heaven and earth with the skill of a mountain goat and a presents a charming ease rarely matched in cinema since. be prepared to have your heart warmed by this sweet, innocent and charming love story. roger livesey acts like a man possessed to steal the show!!!! british cinema should cry when it remembers how good it used to be in those early post war years.

surely one of the best british films ever made, if not one of the best films ever made anywhere. script, cinematography, direction and acting in a class on their own. this film works on so many levels. so why is it completely unavailable on tape, dvd. never shown on tv? why is it hidden away when it is regularly shown at the national film theatre in london to packed houses?

i remember the first time i saw this movie -- i was in the office working over the weekend & the tv was on for background noise. but i gradually found myself more & more engaged in this movie i'd never seen or heard of, until i was completely absorbed. a matter of life & death (the british title -- stairway to heaven in the us) is delightful, compelling, whimsical, & moving, all in one superbly-written, well-acted, perfectly-directed package. it's a classic that really does rank right up there with casablanca, it's a wonderful life, gone with the wind, citizen kane, & chariots of fire. why has it never received the same public notice & video-store prominence? fortunately, some knowledgeable critics have put it on their "top 100 of all time" lists. there is hope -- 1940's fantasia wasn't a hit 'til the '60s, & the wizard of oz was a dud at the box office, but made a hit by tv. buy it -- rent it -- watch it -- demand it! you won't be disappointed!

one of the few best films of all time. the change from black and white to colour for the heaven and earth sequences was directorial excellence.the plot is extremely clever, the complete film leaves you overwhelmed by all of the human emotions, and although a war film it doesn't discriminate. i must have seen this film more times than any other, and i never tire of it. it is a film that makes you question your own mortality and beliefs on what happens after our demise.

pressburger and powell's greatest movie. david niven plays the raf bomber pilot who misses his own death but is granted a second chance at life when heaven notices that he is awol and dispatches an angel to investigate. the scene when the young soldiers, men and women, black and white, all killed in action, arrive in heaven to be processed for eternal life is unbearably poignant. watch out too for roger livesey, a deeply under appreciated actor, and kim hunter as the love interest (later, of course, zira in planet of the apes). incidentally, steven spielberg cast the actress who played the chief angel (kathleen byron) as the elderly wife of the eponymous private in saving private ryan half a century later, an act that speaks volumes for his cinematic literacy.

also known as "stairway to heaven" in the us. during wwii british peter carter's (david niven) plane is shot down in combat but he survives. he meets and falls in love with lovely june (kim hunter). but it seems a mistake was made in heaven--he should have died! a french spirit comes to get him but he refuses. he is soon to plead his case in front of a heavenly tribunal that he should be allowed to live.sounds ridiculous but this is actually an incredible film. the script is good with the actors playing the roles completely straight-faced and it's beautifully directed--the scenes on earth are in breath-taking technicolor (i've never seen such beautiful blue skies) and the scenes in heaven are in black and white! niven is a little stiff at times but hunter is just great (and very beautiful) and roger livesey is superb as a doctor trying to help niven. the imagery throughout is amazing (especially the staircase and during the final trial sequence) and the special effects are truly great (considering the age of the film). there's also a very strange sequence when niven runs into a totally nude young boy herding sheep! this is an absolutely beautiful, thought provoking film--highly recommended. this remains unknown in the us which is a shame.

i first saw this movie about 20 years ago and have never forgotten it. it's beautifully filmed and the story keeps one riveted for the entire time. it's difficult to believe this was made in 1946, as the tale is still fresh today, and really makes one think. i'm not very knowledgeable regarding film technique however the special effects in this film are terrific considering when this was made. in addition, the acting is superb, and the use of english and american actors quite astounding. i recently purchased the dvd so now i'm able to watch whenever i wish. i highly recommend anyone interested in post-war british films to watch this.

my only minor quibble with the film i grew up knowing as stairway to heaven, is the fact that the wonderful raymond massey is relegated to the last twenty or so minutes in the trial scene. and the trial itself, imo, is the least interesting portion of this fascinating fantasy.david niven and kim hunter are wonderfully cast as the young lovers, but it's roger livesey who gives the liveliest and most credible performance. french accented marius goring is a delight (he even gets in a remark about technicolor) as the heavenly messenger sent to reclaim niven when his wartime death goes unreported due to an oversight. goring has some of the wittiest lines and delivers them with relish.seeing this tonight on tcm for the first time in twenty or so years, i think it's a supreme example of what a wonderful year 1946 was for films. the technicolor photography, somewhat subdued and not garish at all, is excellent and the way it shifts into b&w for the heavenly sequences is done with great imagination and effectiveness.the opening scene is the sort that really draws a viewer into the fantasy aspects of the story--and niven's tense talk with radio operator hunter while his plane is crashing toward earth, unexpectedly leads to a memorable romantic encounter. truly a marvelous film from beginning to end, another triumph for michael powell and emeric pressburger.

this is probably one of the most original love stories i have seen for ages, especially for a war based (briefly) film. basically it is a story based in two worlds, one obviously real, the other fictitious but the filmmakers say at the beginning that it is only coincidence if it is a real place. anyway, peter carter (the great david niven) was going to crash in a plane, he talked to june (planet of the apes' kim hunter) before he bailed out and said he loved her. he was meant to die from jumping without a parachute, but somehow he survived, and now he is seeing and loving june in the flesh. this other place, like a heaven, is unhappy because he survived and was meant to come to their world, so they send french conductor 71 (marius goring) to persuade him to go, but he is obviously in love. peter suggests to him that he should appeal to keep his life to the other world's court, he is granted this. obviously love prevails when the two lovers announce that they would die for each other, june even offers to take his place! also starring robert coote as bob trubshawe, kathleen byron as an angel, a brief (then unknown) lord sir richard attenborough as an english pilot and abraham sofaer as the judge/the surgeon. david niven was number 36 on the 50 greatest british actors, the film was number 86 on the 100 greatest tearjerkers for the happy ending, it was number 47 on the 100 greatest war films, it was number 46 on the 50 greatest british films, and it was number 59 on the 100 greatest films. outstanding!

a wonderful film by powell and pressburger, whose work i now want to explore more. the film is about what we perceive as real and what is real, and how the two can be so difficult to distinguish from one another. beautifully shot and acted, although david niven doesn't seem to be 27 years old, as his character claims to be. fun to see a very young richard attenborough. this film made me think, while i was watching it, and afterwards.

why is this movie not in the 250 best? this movie looks still astoundingly fresh 56 years after its production but it could only have been made at the aftermath of w.w.ii because of the perception of the nearness of death. people were more aware that life could be stopped at one unexpected moment. and what after life? i liked the scene at the end with the judgment and all people of all nations gathered. the phlegmatic judge (abraham sofaer-a typical british judge-), doctor reeves (roger livesey) defending peter carter (david niven) and also june (kim hunter) against the american prosecutor abraham farlan (raymond massey i -there is a reason why it is an american-). it is all so imaginative! michael powell wrote, directed and produced this astonishing movie which is a real "tour-de-force". the message of the movie is clear: in the universe the law is the most important but on earth nothing goes beyond the love between humans. the way in which this beautiful story is told is far more interesting than any hollywood-movie could ever make.

i saw this movie years ago on late night television. back then it went by the title of "stairway to heaven". even as a young boy, i remember being deeply moved by the story and astounded by the visual effects of the court trial (those who have seen it know what i'm talking about). such imagination! a perfect blend of romance, drama, humour and fantasy, this movie is right up there with the greatest classics ever made: citizen kane, casablanca, gone with the wind. this movie is rated extremely high by imdb voters and rightly so - over 51% voters rated it 10 out of 10; over 84% rated it 8 or higher out of 10. i was surprised it was not listed in the top 250 films until i realized so few have seen/rated this movie, compared to those on the list. what a pity. i hope this movie gets released on dvd for region 1 (north america), so that 1), i can purchase it, and 2), others discover this hidden treasure.

just after the end of wwii powell & pressburger were asked to come up with something to try to heal the rift developing between the uk & the usa. at the time there was a lot of "overpaid, over sexed and over here" type of comments. somehow they came up with this masterpiece.my favourite movie of all time. it's got everything. romance, poetry, emotion, religion, drama and very quirky.i can never explain exactly why, but it hits all the right buttons and although i've seen it hundreds of times (yes, really) i'm still guaranteed to be in tears at many points throughout.was it the magnificent acting, the wonderful sets, the inspired script ? who knows. but *do* watch it and you'll see what i mean.

if ever anyone queries whether cinema is an art form, you can do worse than pointing them at this movie.quite simply it is the perfect combination of story, script, actors and cinematography ever committed to celluloid.the story of a doomed bomber pilot who is missed by his heavenly conductor in the english fog during the second world war, and his subsequent brushes with the celestial authorities (or is it in his head) is played with panache by david niven and kim hunter and is incredibly touching - especially in the opening scenes when the doomed pilot (niven) describes his plight to the ground radio operator (hunter).the sense of otherworldliness is heightened by jack cardiff's photography and the incredible production designs.the supreme touches extend to the heaven shots appearing in black and white and earthbound scenes presented in technicolour - this is even mentioned by the celestial conductor (a fantastic marius goring).not only a highpoint in british cinema, but a highpoint in cinema, period.

i can remember watching this for the first time, when i was 9 years old. i wanted to be one of the "barbarian brothers". this movie is still great. one original aspect was that the fight scenes where very short. implying that the "barbarian brothers" where so good that they finished there enemies off quickly! plus, you have chases, a cage fight, a dragon, and yes even a bar brawl! yes, the acting is bad so that's why it's not a ten, also the story line has received a lot of criticism. i think it is quite original. not to many movies in it's genre have the same original story lines, or colorful dialogue. i definitely recommend this film.

well, some people would say that this particular movie stinks...but hey! thats not right, not right at al...the movie may not have the best special effects, and may not have the best actors (except the exelence of the barbarian bros.) dispite theese minor fact, i can honostly say that this is one of the funniest movies i´ve ever seen, and i´ve seen em al!

apparently ruggero deodato figured out, early on, that his story wouldn't work if he approached it too seriously, so he decided to camp it up. the result is a film that can be viewed as either a ludicrous sword-and-sorcery epic or as a very entertaining comedy! and i think i'll go the second way. the brief gore moments are well-done, the paul brothers openly mock the material (they even bark at each other in one scene!), and there is also a charming, spirited, good-natured performance by eva la rue, as the girl who tags along with the "boys". plus, where else can you see the insides of a dragon lighted like a discotheque?? (***)

the barbarians maybe´s not the best film that anybody of us have seen, but really????........it´s so funny......i can´t discribe how mutch i laughed when i first saw it..the director really wanted to do a serious adventure movie, but it´sso misirable bad....so bad that it´s one of the funniest movies i´ve ever seen......so my advise is that you should see it.....and if you alredy did, se it again!!!!!!!

i love bad movies. not only, because they often are as entertaining as 'really' 'good' films (like pirates of the caribbean series and other hollywood pathos), but they often are far better than those films. and that's the reason why i love italian rip off cinema of 1970s and 1980s. and that's the reason why i especially love this movie, the barbarians & the company.director ruggero deodato has made some actually very good movies, like house on the edge of the park, and also his atlantis interceptors and live like a cop, die like a man are enjoyable action movies. but this is really bad. the barbarians is so idiotic movie. peter and david paul as the barbarian brothers kutchek and gore are very funny, because of their lack of charisma and acting skills. but if they can't act, they yell and scream every time they do something important. in one scene people try to hang the barbarian brothers, and they escape very extraordinary way.bad acting, bad special effects, very stupid story, bad direction, actually everything is bad in this movie. i can't describe how much i laughed when i watched this first time. the barbarians & the company is camp classic everybody should see once. if you thought plan 9 from outer space is fun camp, this will be a real killer.

it is no surprise that writer/director michael powell considered "a matter of life and death," his and emeric pressburger's spellbinding fantasy from 1946 to be his favourite of their films together. released during the aftermath of world war 2, this colourful romantic adventure would have provided just the tonic for a traumatised, recovering nation in need of a good uplift.following a string of other patriotic war films, 'the archers' made this one their quirkiest, skittish and most patriotic of the lot. quintessentially british for upholding british heritage (shakespeare, beer, fair play, good manners), it is also visibly americanised in its baroque compositions, technical inventiveness and a fine multi-ethnic cast.oddly echoing another 1946 classic, "it's a wonderful life," amolad opens on a grand firmament, with one of those jolly voice-overs preaching about the earth and the heavens, and what a big, wonderful world we live in. it then cuts to the inside of a british cockpit, badly hit, up in flames and with the co-pilot already dead. it sounds misconceived, but the connection is soon made lucid with the events that follow.clocking in at nearly 5 minutes, the rapid-fire exchange between british pilot peter (david niven) and american radio contact june (kim hunter) is breathtaking in its intimacy. resigned to dying, peter nevertheless exhausts plenty of vigour, charm and outpouring confessions, and his warm affiliation with june closes with a mutual exchange of 'i love you.' keeping with the magic of the moment, peter, by oversight of his conductor 71 whose job it was to transport him to the 'other world,' escapes death and finds himself stranded on a beach. he later encounters june riding a bicycle, and instantly matches the body with the voice. but realising their error, the high court want peter sent back, and order the french conductor (maurice goring) down to earth to retrieve him. but peter is adamant to live because of june and the conductor's mistake, and wilfully guards his corner.peter's fate ultimately lies with the heavenly court and american prosecutor (raymond massey), whose jury consists of several deceased war heroes and posh british delegates. the surreal trial, which dissolves from b/w back into rich technicolor, once the verdict is announced, may well be a dream, but the final shot in the hospital validates the predictable outcome.the abstract, frame filling "stairway to heaven" (the american title of the film) is used twice: the first time in b/w, when it elevates peter and his enigmatic french guardian upwards, crossing giant statues of peter's potential attorneys for the trial, including abraham lincoln and plato. the second time, the softly lit colour stairway provides the setting for what is an iconic image in cinema - peter and june frozen side-by-side, their marvelled eyes fixed forward in the frame, their fate sealed.the unlikely affection shared between peter and june never turns mushy or verbose; it's treated with nobility and the perception that the couple are already suitable enough to be married and simply need to convince people of their love, so it can keep them together. the french conductor, who can freeze time and people's bodies, obtrudes many of their key moments together, lecturing peter about history and among his mischievous tricks, pinching peter's 'top 100 game tricks' book and his coffee cup.as visually inspired as other powell/pressburger collaborations, this was the first time they combined colour with b/w  the latter having a cheerful quality when used for the heaven scenes, and both are equally captivating. the outstanding script more than matches the imaginative set design, with dialogue that sounds so immediate that is doesn't feel like it was written or performed for the screen. amusing and witty, powell/pressburger's writing deserves equal acclamation with their forte for colour and composition.made in 1946, "a matter of life and death" is one of those films that defies it age, looking fresh and inventive, even in this age where cgi would vamp up its artificial effects, probably stripping them of their emotional wonder. other jarring changes would include the need for reduced average seconds for cutting and the inevitable plea to shorten dialogue so it can preserve the low attention spans of most audiences. powell weaves a spell that subconsciously absorbs the viewer from the first frame, giving him freedom to experiment with images without betraying the logical development of peter's predicament.

this movie maybe really bad, but it is alot of fun. the bad acting and poor direction enhance the film's hystericalness. the twins are very funny in their conanesque roles. if you go into this film expecting the first conan or excalibur, than you will hate it. if you watch it while in a good mood and accept it as good, dumb fun you will have a good time. watch for the scene where they try to hang the brothers, its funniest scene in the film. i wish mystery science theatre 3000 would have done this!!

as shallow as it may sound, i actually delayed my viewing of "the barbarians" several times just because the vhs cover (as well as the picture image displayed here on the website) looks so incredibly gay! by now i wish i had watched it earlier because the movie isn't so much gay. just trashy, cheesy, campy and enormously fun! it's almost unbelievable that ruggero deodato, director of "cannibal holocaust" of all people, was the man responsible for this comical cash-in on the contemporary popular sword & sandal fantasy flicks, particularly schwarzenegger's conan movies. the film opens with a terrific 'once-upon-a-time' type of off-screen narrator, introducing us to the ragneks. their founder once traded an entire mountain of pure gold for just one magically powerful ruby that would allow them to travel in freedom and access every country as entertainers. in other words, the ragneks are a bunch of traveling circus freaks! their happiness abruptly comes to end when the greedy kadar kidnaps the ragneks' beautiful queen canary and continuously attempts to discover the whereabouts of the ruby. meanwhile, and as some sort of amusing waste of time, the two orphan twin-brothers gore and kutchek are trained to become muscled warriors and they're unwarily prepared to fight each other to the death. instead of that, however, they escape and develop a plan to free their queen. actually, the plot isn't half as bad as i initially feared, but still the most fun is provided by the beefcake brothers' on screen chemistry, the crazily inept dialogs and of course the utterly cheesy fantasy-monsters, like a dragon with adorably cute eyes, some kind of werewolf creature and zombies that randomly appear to pop out of the swamp. the soundtrack and make-up effects are great and our almighty director deodato maintains a terrifically fast pace. the barbarian brother's acting capacities are much better than i anticipated, apart from the fact that one of them constantly produces gross belching sounds. the supportive cast is splendid as well. eva la rue never looked more beautiful as the witty savage girl cara, virginia bryant is indeed bewitching like richard lynch states on several occasions and the lovely sheeba alahani makes her first and only appearance on film as a vicious sorceress with a donut-shaped hair style (i kid you not!). last but not least, "the barbarians" stars everybody's favorite eyes in the hills creep michael berryman as the appropriately named dirtmaster. i know the displayed picture looks gayer than a promotional campaign for the musical version about the rise and fall of the village people, but "the barbarians" really is a must-see italian exploitation highlight.

deodato brings us some mildly shocking moments and a movie that doesn't take itself too seriously. absolutely a classic in it's own particular kind of way. this movie provides a refreshingly different look at barbarians. if you get a chance to see this movie do so. you'll definitely have a smile on your face most of the time. not because it's funny or anything mundane like that but because it's so bad it goes out the other way and becomes good, though maybe not clean, fun.

this was directed by ruggero deodato, a true icon to many horror film fans after he directed the seminal and notorious cannibal holocaust. however, don't expect to find any such notoriety in the film reviewed here as it proves to be incredibly tame in comparison and plays more like a conan inspired outing for a young audience.such a description may instantly put off most fans of the whole conan inspired sword & sorcery genre but before you turn your nose up at this, it has to be said, this movie is just so much fun!it's mostly played for laughs and features two huge and highly likable heroes in the form of david and peter paul aka. the barbarian brothers who both seem to be having a ball with their characters.b-movie favourite richard lynch turns up as the main villain in the piece and it's also great to see roles for big george eastman and michael berryman.added to this, the ladies are stunning to behold and suitably scantily attired throughout the films duration (a staple and much welcomed ingredient in the genre!)what can i say, - this simply is a really fun and lighthearted take on the genre and i recommend it wholeheartedly!

yes, i loved this movie when i was a kid. when i was growing up i saw this movie so many times that my dad had to buy another vhs copy because the old copy had worn out.my family received a vhs copy of this movie when we purchased a new vhs system. at first, my mom wasn't sure that this was an appropriate movie for a 10 year old but because we had just bought a new vhs system she let me watch it.like i said, this movie is every little boys dream the movie contains a terrific setting, big muscled barbarians, beautiful topless women, big bad monsters and jokes you'll only get when you get older. so, a couple of days ago i inserted the video and watched the movie again after a long time. at first, i was bored, then started thinking about how much i loved this movie when i was kid, and continued watching. yeah, the experience wasn't as great as i remembered the acting is pretty bad, the storyline is pretty bad, the jokes weren't funny anymore, but the women were still pretty. yes, i've grown up. even though the movie experience has changed for me, i still think it's worth 7 stars. for the good old times you know

if you want to be cynical and pedantic you could point out that the opening where a raf lancaster bomber is mortally wounded on the 2nd of may 1945 is somewhat unlikely since german air defences were as lively as adolph hitler on that day but this isn't a movie that should be viewed by a cynical audience and i guess a character being killed in literally the last hours of the war adds to the poignancy . in fact you'd have to have survived the second world war to fully appreciate the intellect , beauty and soul of powell and pressburger's masterpiece . the scenes of heaven are painfully twee when viewed today ? again you have to view the movie of the context when it was made . raf bomber command lost 58,000 men during the war , the same number that america lost in 'nam but during a shorter period and a far , far smaller pool of active combatants , there's no atheists in a fox hole and i doubt if you'd lost a relative during the conflict you'd view material atheism as being a sensible thing . when richar attenborough's young pilot looks down in awe at the sight below him many war heroes must have openly wept at this scene as they remembered much missed comrades who didn't survive the war . also bare in mind that despite losing several million people from 1939-45 there seems to be very few people from germany passing through the pearly gates . it's obvious nazis don't go to heaven the plot itself where dashing young pilot peter carter arguing for his life in front of a celestial court wouldn't have had much appeal to me if it wasn't for the subtext , you see a matter or life and death is a highly political and visionary film that laments the end of the british empire as it's replaced by american ambitions . there's little things that show up the film as being made by people aware of american history and culture . one is the ethnic mix of america , even today many britons think that the usa is overwhelmingly composed of white anglo saxon protestants when in fact only 51% of americans are " white european " . the film rightly contains a scene where a multitude of different races confess " i am an american " as peter is judged by abraham farlan , an anglophobe who was the first revolutionary killed by british forces in the american war of independence . as for the " special relationship " between britain and america - what special relationship ? powell and pressburger know their history when it comes to britain and america . they obviously know their future too so remember to watch this movie with some of your mind in the past and some of your mind in the present . it's strange , beautiful , poignant and clever but most of all it's a film that would never ever work if it were made in the last 40 years . can you imagine if the story was set in 2003 and revolved around a british soldier killed in iraq ?

this is one of the most overlooked gems hollywood has ever produced. -- a young wwii british fighter ace whose plane is about to crash, has radio contact with a young american woman who comforts the brave pilot, knowing that within minutes he will be dead. for some reason the man who should certainly be dead walks away from the wreckage and eventually learns that he was meant to report to heaven. when a messanger is sent to ask the pilot to accompany him to heaven, the man refuses and demands to have his "day in court" to argue his case. the man argues that his situation had changed during the final moments of his earthly life, that he had fallen in love and therefor had become a different person, one who deserved a chance to live on. the "heavenly court" is a cinematic delight! the "announcement of the jury of peers" is a definite highlight. the story, as fantastic as it seems, is an engaging one and will keep you spellbound for the nearly 2 hours play time. the final scene is simply beautiful and will require a "kleenex treatment" for most viewers. this film is in my personal all-time favorite top 10, it has my highest recommendation!

the great talents of michael powell and emeric pressberger are noticeable in their wonderful "a matter of life and death". it was part of the recent tribute to mr. powell that played at the walter reade in new york. this film, in particular, shows us one of the best british films from that, or any other era."a matter of life and death" has a brilliant cinematography by jack cardiff, a man who knew how to work wonders with a camera. particularly impressive is the contrast from the monochromatic tones given to the scenes played in heaven, and the colored ones when the action comes back to earth. this was quite a coup, and well ahead of its times. the black and white sequence that involves the long staircase where peter and the conductor are chatting has to be one of the most amazing things on any film.much has been said in this forum about the film, so our comment will be about the great acting powell and pressberger got out of the large, distinguished cast, who responded magnificently to the directors' guidance.david niven, is peter, whose aircraft is hit and his best friend dies as a result of it. this film marked one of the highlights in mr. niven's career. he was an excellent film actor as he shows us in this movie. kim hunter is surprisingly good as june, the woman who talked to peter as his plane was falling from the skies. as fate would have it, peter and june fall in love at first sight.some of the best british film actors grace this film with their presence. robert coote, is bob, the man who is admitted to heaven, but he is surprised his friend peter never made the trip with him. an excellent star turn by marius goring, who as the conductor 71 steals the film. mr. goring, who had worked with the directors, is one of the best things in the movie. also, roger livesey, as dr. frank reeves, does one of the best appearances of his career, as well as raymond massey, who is seen as abraham farlan."a matter of life and death" is a timeless film that will always be seen with gratitude toward its creators.

this movie has the most beautiful opening sequence ever made. i've seen this movie for the first time a week ago, since then every day i see the opening and every time i feel as thrilled as i felt the first time i heard david niven uttering the immortal words from sir walter raleigh's the pilgrimage:give me my scallop-shell of quiet, my staff of faith to walk upon, my scrip of joy, immortal diet, my bottle of salvation, my gown of glory, hope's true gage; and thus i'll take my pilgrimage ()do you know why it would be a truism to say michael powell's and emeric pressuburger's lives are thoroughly justified for having crafted such a wonderful opening? because they had been already admitted in the paradise of poets long before they made this movie.i imagine both of them facing trial during doomsday and saying nonchalantly to an irate god: i beg your pardon, sir. so, do you want to know what have we done during our lifetime? well, well you'll see: we've written directed and produced: i know where i'm going, colonel blimp, red shoes do you think that enough sir? it is rather obvious that these two great artists had already fulfilled their duty with god, nature the muse or whatever you may call it when they shot a matter of life and death. the fact that other people's lives would be justified for their deeds could be not apparent to everybody, notwithstanding i feel my life would have a meaning had i never done anything else that to see this movie.of course old-timers will be tempted to say: they don't do movies like this one any more. they'll be partially mistaken; they didn't make movies like this in the past times either.i've have already quoted keats here, but i'll repeat his words: a thing of beauty is a joy forever.

enchanting, romantic, innovative, and funny. the vision of this extraordinary film is almost unparalleled, exceeding better known "death romances" such as ghost. while we know intuitively that peter and june will find ultimate happiness at the end of that long-long stairway, the joy is in the journey. the moral of the tale, of course, is timeless: love conquers all. but the struggle to achieve that victory is played in a celestial arena of sweeping vision and gripping grandeur. with more than 500 suitably clad extras portraying various ages and cultures, the directors' vision of heaven remains memorable six decades later, far into the cgi era.yet for all the cosmic scale, powell and pressburger knew an essential truth: the best story is told at the smallest level. the wonderfully, determinedly romantic aspect of "stairway" is captured with ultimate simplicity: june's teardrop, preserved on a rose petal. this film, like the story and the set itself, is one for the ages.

i love this movie. director michael powell once stated that this was his favorite movie, and it is mine as well. powell and pressburger created a seemingly simple, superbly crafted story - the power of love against "the powers that be". however, its deception lies in the complexity of its "is it real or is it imaginary" premise. basically, one could argue that it is simply a depiction of the effects of war on a young, poetically inclined airman during wwii. or is it? the question is never answered one way or the other. actually, it is never even asked. this continuous understatement is part of the film's appeal.the innovative photography and cinematography even includes some nice touches portraying the interests of the filmmakers. for instance, pressburger always wanted to do a cinematic version of richard strauss' opera, der rosenkavalier, about a young 18th century viennese aristocrat. this is evident in the brief interlude in which conductor 71, dressed in all his finery, holds the rose (which appears silver in heaven). the music even has a dreamy quality.all of the acting is first rate - david niven is at his most charming, and he has excellent support from veteran roger livesey and relative newcomer kim hunter. but, in my opinion, the film's charm comes from marius goring as conductor 71. he by far has the most interesting role, filling each of his scenes with his innocent lightheartedness, brightening the film. it's a pity that some of conductor 71's scenes were left on the cutting room floor. it is also a pity that goring's comedic talents are rarely seen again on film, except in the wonderful videos of the scarlet pimpernel television series from the 1950s. this is by far and away the most memorable role of his film career. he is a perfect foil for relaxed style of niven, and his virtual overstatement contrasts so nicely with the seriousness of the rest of the characters. ironically, also in the mid -1940s, niven also starred against another heavenly "messenger", played by cary grant, in the bishop's wife. their acting styles were so similar that i found the result boring, unenergetic, and disappointing. as a note, according to powell, goring desperately wanted the role of peter carter, initially refusing conductor 71. it's a good thing he gave in and gave us such a delightful portrayal.the movie, "commissioned" to smooth over the strained relations between britain and the u.s., overdrives its point towards the end. but it is disarming in its gentle reminders of the horrors of war - the numerous casualties, both military and civilian, the need to "go on" when faced with death. there is a conspicuous lack of wwii "enemies" in heaven, but the civilians shown are of indeterminate origin. powell and pressburger could have been more explicit in their depiction but it wasn't necessary. the movie may not have served its diplomatic purpose as was hoped for, but its originality continues to inspire moviemakers and viewers alike on both sides of the atlantic.

the opening flourishes left me purring with delight at their inventiveness - the altered version of the archers' logo, the introductory disclaimer, the way the camera pans over the cosmos. it's strange to think that `it's a wonderful life' came out in the same year. no great coincidence: the 1940s was awash with heaven-and-earth films; but the glowing cotton wool nebulas and cutesy angels of the competition look tattered, something best passed over in silence, when placed next to alfred junge's vision.it continues to look great all the way through, as more and more striking ideas are sprung upon us. i'm not a great fan of mixing colour with black and white in general. one of the two visual schemes almost always looks ugly when placed next to the other. not so here. powell dissolves colour into monochrome and monochrome into colour as if it's the most natural thing in the world, a mere change of palettes. both the colour photography and the black and white could stand on their own.as for the story ... this may be pressburger's best script, or at least it would have been had the conclusion been a more logical outcome of preceding events. other than that it's tight, yet with more going on than i can possibly allude to here. was the heavenly stuff real or imaginary? (or both? perhaps carter dreamt up a fantasy that was, as it so happened, true.) everyone says we're meant to neither ask nor answer this question, but i don't see why. i'm sure we are meant to ask the question. the film even gives us clues as to what the answer is - indeed, the problem is that there are too many clues and they seem at first to be pointing in different directions. the fact that other things ought to occupy our attention as well doesn't mean that this shouldn't occupy us as well. there is, as i've said before, a lot going on.consider the scene in which abraham farlan (heaven's prosecuting lawyer) plays a radio broadcast of a cricket match, and contemptuously says, `the voice of england, 1945.' dr. reeves (the defence) acknowledges the exhibit with a great deal of embarrassment, and then produces one of his own: a blues song from america, which farlan listens to as though he's got a lemon in his mouth. reeves looks smug.snobbery? well, i don't see why it's snobbish to condemn blues music - and that's not what powell and pressburger are doing, anyway. as the song is being played, we get a shot of the american soldiers listening to it: several of them nod their heads to the rhythm, perfectly at home. they don't find it incomprehensible. there's something valuable about the song and neither reeves nor farlan knows what it is. reeves probably realises as much. all english audiences (and all australian, indian, etc. audiences as well) know without being told that there is something of value in the cricket broadcast, too; and that while reeves understands that, he is unable to explain it to farlan - hence the blues broadcast, which shows that people can understand each other without sharing an understanding of everything else. it's a clever scene.one last thing. i found david niven a bit cold, without the charisma he would acquire later in his career; but even so, i don't think a film has grabbed my heart quite so quickly after the action began, as this one did.

a matter of life and death, what can you really say that would properly do justice to the genius and beauty of this film. powell and pressburger's visual imagination knows no bounds, every frame is filled with fantastically bold compositions. the switches between the bold colours of "the real world" to the stark black and white of heaven is ingenious, showing us visually just how much more vibrant life is. the final court scene is also fantastic, as the judge and jury descend the stairway to heaven to hold court over peter (david niven)'s operation. all of the performances are spot on (roger livesey being a standout), and the romantic energy of the film is beautiful, never has there been a more romantic film than this (if there has i haven't seen it). a matter of life and death is all about the power of love and just how important life is. and jack cardiff's cinematography is reason enough to watch the film alone, the way he lights kim hunter's face makes her all the more beautiful, what a genius, he can make a simple things such as a game of table tennis look exciting. and the sound design is also impeccable; the way the sound mutes at vital points was a decision way ahead of its timethis is a true classic that can restore anyone's faith in cinema, under appreciated on its initial release and by today's audiences, but one of my all time favourites, which is why i give this film a 10/10, in a word - beautiful.

few movies can be viewed almost 60 years later, yet remain as engrossing as this one. technological advances have not dated this classic love story. special effects used are remarkable for a 1946 movie. the acting is superb. david niven, kim hunter and especially roger livesey do an outstanding job. the use of black and white / color adds to the creative nature of the movie. it hasn't been seen on television for 20 years so few people are even aware of its existence. it is my favorite movie of all time. waiting and hoping for the dvd release of this movie for so many years is, in itself, "a matter of life and death".

to me a matter of life and death is just that- simply the best film ever made.from beginning to end it oozes class. it is stimulating, thought provoking, a mirror to the post war world and the relations between peoples.the cinematography is simply stunning and the effect of mixing monochrome and technicolour to accent the different worlds works seamlessly. the characters and plot development are near perfect and the attention to detail promotes a thoroughly believable fantasy.no matter how many times i watch the film - and i have watched it a lot - it never fails to touch me. it makes me smile, it makes me laugh, it makes me think, it makes me cry. it is as fresh today as it was in 1946.if i were allowed just one film to keep and watch again a matter of life and death would be that film.

a highly atmospheric cheapie, showing great ingenuity in the use of props, sets and effects (fog, lighting, focus) to create an eerie and moody texture. the story is farfetched, the acting is merely functional, but it shows how imaginative effects can develop an entire visual narrative. this movie is recommended for its mood and texture, not for its story.

probably the best picture producers releasing corp ever made, this little horror piece rivets the attention from first to last. director frank wisbar obviously knows a good story when he writes one and what's more important he knows how to realize its full shock potential on the screen. not only is the plot involving and the characters fascinatingly drawn, but the setting is absolutely out of this world! just about all the action takes place either at night or in the middle of a clinging, pervasive fog. this chilling atmosphere is augmented by wisbar's inventive direction and the wholly convincing performances he has drawn from all his players. the lovely rosemary la planche makes an ideal heroine, beautiful, spirited yet vulnerable. robert barrat delivers his usual no-nonsense, straight-down-the-line portrait of the local bigwig, though it's hard to believe that the personable, good-looking guy who plays his son is none other than the later dullsville writer/director blake edwards.

very well done and spooky horror movie from poverty-row film company prc who usually put out really cheesy films like devil bat or the flying serpent. german expatriate director wisbar does wonders with a small budget and his studio-bound swamp set. gaunt and ghoulish charles middleton is effective as the strangler.

prc which was the lowest of the low actually struck gold with this moody little thriller. they did the same thing a year earlier with "detour" which is probably one of the finest low-budget films ever made."strangler" is basically a one set film, filled with mist and shadows, a technique used by most poverty row studios to hide the sets, or lack thereof. but here, it works well. the ghost of charles middleton (better known as ming the merciless) lurches around the swamp killing those involved in his wrongful execution for murder and generates some sympathy from the viewer. his final victim is to be the daughter of the ferryman.....he concentrates his wrath not only on those directly involved in his fate but their relatives as well.rosemary laplanche does her usual imitation of someone in a coma that passes for her acting style. she offers herself up to the strangler in order to put a stop to the killing but as a sop to the audience, the strangler sees the goodness of her gesture as a sign that his mission is complete and he returns to the hereafter, somewhat chastened. if ulmer(who directed "detour") has directed "strangler" she would be hanging from the nearest tree and the strangler's job would be done. but who's complaining? it's not the story that is the major attraction but the shrouded sets, lighting and the general moodiness of the piece. it stands, right behind "detour", as prc's finest hour

**** includes spoilers ****i've been a horror film fan now for many decades. just when i think i've seen all the great ones another pops up to surprise me. i had never seen this film before. it was a treat, off the beaten path too...not just the path to the swamp ferry boat either. here was a horror film made in the 1940s that dared to try something very different. the pretty girl is (gulp) fearless for a change and saves the men, including the man she loves, from the monster ! how is that for a twist. this girl was the complete opposite of most women in films of that time, no screaming at her own shadow, no fainting from fright, no tripping over a leaf as she runs. this gal wasn't afraid to live alone in a secluded hut far away from the rest of the villagers. not only that but the place was on a foggy swamp rumored to be haunted. heck she even takes naps on the swamp grass outdoors...like a regular 1940s version of ripley. no snake, gator or ghostly strangler would dare bother this gal. books on early feminist films should be sure to include this overlooked work.see this if you are a fan, like me, of those wonderfully atmospheric classic b/w horror films they made only in the 30s and 40s. and be sure to wear your cast iron turtle neck for protection.

some people say this is the best film that prc ever released, i'm not too sure about that since i have a fond place in my heart for some of their mysteries. i will say that this is probably one of the most unique films they, or any other studio, major or minor, ever released.the plot is simple. the ghost of a wrongly executed ferryman has returned to the swamp to kill all those who lynched him as well as all of their off spring. into this mix comes the granddaughter of one ghosts victims, the current ferryman. she takes over the ferry business as the ghost closes in on the man she loves.shrouded in dense fog and set primarily on the single swamp set this is more musical poem than regular feature film.listen to the rhythms of the dialog, especially in the early scenes, their is poetical cadence to them. likewise there is a similar cadence to the camera work as it travels back and forth across the swamp as if crossing back and forth across the door way between life and death, innocence and guilt. the film reminds me of an opera or oratorio or musical object lesson more than a normal horror film. its an amazing piece of film making that is probably unique in film history.this isn't to guild the lilly. this is a low budget horror/mystery that tells you a neat little story that will keep you entertained. its tale of love and revenge is what matters here, not the poetical film making and it holds you attention first and foremost (the technical aspects just being window dressing.) if there is any real flaw its the cheapness of the production. the fog does create a mood but it also hides the fact that this swamp is entirely on dry land. the constant back and forth across it is okay for a while but even after 58 minutes you do wish that we could see something else.don't get me wrong i do like the film a great deal. its a good little film that i some how wish was slightly less poverty stricken. its definitely worth a look if you can come across it.

strangler of the swamp was made by low budget studio prc and is certainly one of their best movies i've seen.a man who was hanged for a murder he didn't commit returns as a ghost for revenge on the people who accused him. he uses a rope to strangle his victims and after several deaths, including the old man who operates the ferry across the swamp, he disappears. the old man's granddaughter takes over the ferry herself and also falls in love with one of the local men and they decide to get married.this movie has plenty of foggy atmospheres, which makes it very creepy too.the cast includes rosemary la planche, blake edwards and charles middleton (flash gordon) as the strangler.strangler of the swamp is a must for old horror fans like myself. excellent.rating: 3 and a half stars out of 5.

simple story... why say more? it nails it's premise. world war 3 kills all or most of the human race and we're viewing 2 of the survivors. the message is that the 2 warring sides should not have been at odds in the first place. distilled down to representatives from each side, we see they have everything to come together for:security... finding resources... food, shelter, etc... survival... love...at the end they've decided to pool their resources, (she finally does), so they will survive. simple story, expressed in the limited budget of the early 60s television landscape. we see it in 2009 as somewhat old and maybe predictable. in the early 60s, no one had seen such stuff... i give it a 10...

a lot is dated in this episode (just like most twilight zone episodes), such as the woman's incredibly sexist military "uniform." and some things are so unbelievable, like the easy availability of clean water. still, consider the year this was made and the time, and you quickly understand why this episode is so special as you watch. it has a nice sense of hope, something missing from a lot of twilight zones, as well as an interesting female character (despite the fact that she rarely speaks), something else rare on the twilight zone. "two" is a great example of how the twilight zone, in just over 20 minutes, could pack more emotion and drama than most two hours movies today. and it's great to see two people who became american icons so early in their careers.

this episode apparently grew out of the cold war. there has been a holocaust but somehow elizabeth montgomery and charles bronson have come through unscathed. it then becomes a battle for turf. she is attracted to him and vice versa, but the instinct for survival takes over. it's a quiet, slow moving, chess battle as they attempt to achieve trust. they come to truces but distrust takes over and they start again. of course, the male female role of the sixties comes into play and modern viewers might find that her need to follow him is a bit offensive. but it still is captivating and interesting. because she doesn't speak, we don't know here mind very well, but in the end we can guess.

this is one of my favorites along with the mariette hartley and robert lansing "sandy" and the agnes moorhead-and-the-tiny-spacemen episodes.it is an important take, from mid-1961, on the long cold war that the u.s. was then embroiled in. the beaten-down city-scene, the near-starving characters' sparse dialog, their threadbare uniforms, and the minimal action "says" it all: the absurdity of an on-going conflict that threatens to destroy human life, modern civilization, and all that is sweet and redeeming about it.it is a "fable" because it was made in a time in which, had events turned out differently, such as the second berlin crisis (spring 1961) and the subsequent cuban missile crisis (oct. 1962), it would have actually been a reasonable representation of one of the u.s.'s major cities, ruined and replete with a few miserable survivors. i also see it as a "fable" because it is not only a cautionary tale, but because it is the most redemptive of all our popular myths: it is a love story, set in an impossible situation, and involving two highly mismatched lovers.

wow! all i can say is that if elizabeth montgomery is the enemy (she speaks russian), then i'm surrendering right now. in her short skirt, high-top boots, and pronounced bust line, she's a real babe, even if her zombie-like eye-shadow sort of comes and goes. this 30 minutes is no doubt the sexiest of the series. note the realistic and revealing wrestling match with bronson until he ungallantly slugs her on the chin, ruining all the fun. okay, probably i should leave off my hormonal response.this is a very well produced half-hour by that underrated force behind the series's success, buck houghton. naturally, the producers want to lead off the third season with an above average entry. it's post nuclear-holocaust america (we know because she's part of the invading force) and only american bronson and soviet montgomery are left, along with about twenty tons of realistic wreckage. they wander among the destruction in alternating moods, while we wonder how long it will take for biology to trump politics, which of course it eventually does, (lucky bronson). and that's about it. no real talk, except for what bronson has to say which is pretty overblown. nonetheless, the screenplay is still entertaining, and rather daring for its time, even suggesting that not all russian women looked like truck drivers (a popular cold war stereotype of the time).in passing-- it's rather curious that the very slavic-looking bronson (buchinsky) would be cast as the american and the glossy-looking montgomery as the slav. appearance-wise, it should be the reverse. my guess is that the producers did not want to cast the american in the physically weaker role of the female, regardless of appearances. however that may be, there is little of the usual tz fright or atmosphere, still the episode remains a very, very watchable 30 minutes.

this has got to be one of my very favorite twilight zone episodes, primarily for the portrayal of two lonely souls in a post-apocalyptic environment.the cobweb-strewn shops and rubble-laden streets are eerie in that particular way the twilight zone does best.while the parable can be a bit heavy-handed by today's drama standards, it is an excellent one - using the setting to make a statement relevant to the human experience, as well as geopolitics, in a way that is timeless. the entire drama rests solely on the shoulders of mr. bronson and ms. montgomery, who do not disappoint. (may they both rest in peace.)a true classic.

this movie is the only movie to feature a scene in which michael jackson wields a tommy gun. plain and simple.this movie rocks because it is freaking' hilarious! it may be creepy to see jacko w/ little kids, but this movie also stars.......................................... wait for it,.....................joe pesci!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!think about it, joe pesci and jacko with tommy guns, throwing coins into jukeboxes from 20 feet away? whats not to like? as stated before, this movie rocks!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!! !!!! !!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!! ! !!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

moonwalker by michael jackson is a real adventure film for the whole family!before the real story of the movie starts, we get a performance of the bad tour (man in the mirror), and it kicks off a great movie. after that we get a kind of a collage of michael carrier, as it was until moonwalker came out in 1988. after a few music videos also (speed demon, leave me alone, etc.) the story starts.the plot is basically that michael and his 3 friends (who are kids) are being chased by the bad guy of the story "mr. big", because they discovered his evil plans of getting children all over the world hocked on drugs. during the chase we see fantastic segments, fx. michaels video for smooth criminal, which is absolutely fantastic with its dance sequences, etc. but then one of the kids get kidnapped by mr. big, and michael will haft to save her before she gets a drug addict.during the movie we see special effects not only amazing for those days standards, but also impressive today. for instance, see michael turning in to a robot/spaceship in order to protect his friends! it's so cool!the movie ends with a performance of come together (later published in michaels double-album of history), and you leave the movie with a magic feeling. amazing!i recommend this for every family who wants to spend a nice night together with candy and popcorn in front of the tv. and now some parents might stand up and say: "but michael jackson is an alleged child abuser!" yeah, he is indeed, but, come on, we all know it isn't true! wait and see..

michael is king. this film contains some of the best stuff mike has ever done. smooth criminal is pure genius. the cameos are wonderful, but as always, the main event is mj himself. he is the best, hands down.

this movie is my all time favorite!!! you really have to see michael jackson in this wonderful film!! i'm always over the moon, watching it!! this is a film, that you really have to see, also if you aren't a mj fan, cause this film writes, like captain eo, e.t. and ghosts, a bit of film and music history!! this wonderful film, out of michael's feather, is a must have!! and: smooth criminal, is really the most wonderful, exciting and amazing song i've ever heard in my life!! thank you michael for this film and i love you!!! mj's the best musician to hit this planet, he's a fine man and he always brings sparkles in your eyes, when you listen to his music!! please, if you don't know this film, watch it and don't miss it, because would be too bad for yourself if you'd miss it!! -highly recommanded film, for every movie lover-

moonwalker is a fantasy music film staring michael jackson with different segments. i will rate each segment individually.segment 1 opens the film with a music video. the music video is a concert of michael jackson performing the song "man in the mirror", the music video also show's montages of historical figures such as gandhi, martin luther king jr, john lennon and more. the first segment was a good choice to open the film i liked the song and also loved the montage of the historical figures. i even loved the message in the song. i give the first segment a 9/10.segment 2 shows a montage of michael jackson's start from the jackson five to his solo career. the montage i thought was well made, i liked the animation they put into it and i also loved their choices of songs such as "i i want you back, beat it, thriller, can you feel it and the way you make me feel." the only thing i wish they could have done a little a better in one of the songs in the montage is "we are the world". the reason why is all you see is rain drops and in those drops are images of michael jackson and the chorus of the celebrities, but it's a little hard to see the chorus. other than that the segment is still good. i give it a 9/10segment 3 is the song bad. you're probably thinking it's michael jackson's music video of bad,well yes and no. this segment is the music video but it's redone by kids. the segment was cute but it wasn't as good as the other segments. i give it a 6/10segment 4 is a short claymation music film that takes place after the kid's version of bad called "speed demon". the short is about michael jackson being chased by his beloved fans and the press and he disguises himself as a rabbit and rides a motorcycle to try to get away from them. the claymation in the chase sequence was great but some parts in the film the claymation characters looked a little fake when they interact with real people. also at the end of the clip out of nowhere michael jackson rabbit costume comes to life and he's dancing with it. i liked the dancing but that was like out of nowhere. i give it a 8/10segment 5 is michael jackson's grammy winning music video "leave me alone." the music video is about the media poking their nose at michael jackson's personal life and michael jackson feels they won't leave him alone no matter how much he's proved innocent. the music video really speaks out( but keep in mind this happened before the child molestation this just all about the rumors of him in the 80's.) but i didn't feel this video should be in this movie because it's a kids movie and i don't think kid's will understand what he's singing about. i give this music video 8/10segment 6 leads us to the main story of the whole movie called "smooth criminal." michael jackson plays a gangster who uses his powers of a wishing star as a crime figure to protect children ( including john lennon's son sean lennon) from an evil mobster named mr bigg (played by joe pesci). the segment i thought really brought out the film especially when he danced and sang the song "smooth criminal" with a bunch of criminals. i also thought the special effects were good. the weird thing about the segment is why are kids hanging out with a grown man it never explained why. also joe pesci character talks about drugs and what he plans to do with them. i mean why would you talk about drugs in a kids film. other wise it was good. my rating for this segment is a 8/10segment 7 is the final segment of the whole movie. the film end's with michael jackson singing a cover version of the beatle's song "come together" and then during the credit's we see michael jackson singing with ladysmith black mambazo. michael did a good cover of "come together" and i think it was good idea putting including a group of good singer's with a talented musican like him. my rating is 9/10this movie is a good michael jackson film i think it really brings out children s imagination. the film is almost as imaginative as the beatles animated movie "yellow submarine" if you like michael jackson and you're up to a film with a lot of creativity this is the film. my overall rating for this movie is 8/10

and i don't say it in a bad way.i watched this movie at the cinema when i was 6 or 7. for me and my cousins it was magical, beautiful and scary at the same time. when we left the theatre, michael was our best friend even though we knew he had no idea about it.over the years, i saw this movie being aired a few times but i always changed the channel. even seeing a few seconds of it would bring back that feeling of magic and warm my heart. and i liked it that way.so i've only seen this movie once and i believe it was a good decision not to watch it again. if i saw it today, i know i couldn't help but criticise mj's acting, the plot (if there was one) and this and that. for me this is a childhood memory, so my feelings towards it are those of a child from 20 years ago.i see my adult self intervenes in my rating and gives it an 8 for the memories and wonderful music. for that little kid who watched it in awe 20 years ago though, this is definitely worthy of a 10.

i first saw this when they showed this around easter time 1993/4 and didn't think much of it then, i bought this on dvd last summer when i started getting into michael jackson (i liked his music before) and enjoyed it more now i am older. it is a good film but it won't be this classic film like the sound of music, west side story, the wizard of oz etc. michael jackson as an actor was good and so were the other cast members. there were a disturbing scenes like the little girl katie getting slapped by the gangster frankie lideo who was played by joe pesci. the scene that frightened me when i was younger was when michael turns into a robot. my favourite song on the film was smooth criminal i think it was better than thriller in my opinion.

at long last! one of michael jackson's most well known and beloved films comes to dvd! in michael jackson moonwalker, (michael jackson) stars as michael. a man with powers that are not of this world. michael must save sean (sean lennon), katie (kellie parker), zeke (brandon quintin adams), and the rest of the worlds children from drug lord frankie lideo aka mr. big (joe pesci) who's mission in life is to get all of the worlds children hooked on drugs! a note to people in the usa looking for this film on dvd: make sure when buying this film on dvd you buy warners product #wk00817 as ntsc region 3 which plays on north american ntsc region 1 players.

this is by far my most favourite movie in the world!!!!! i enjoyed it when i was 4 and i still enjoy it at 16!! its an absolute masterpiece! no video collection is complete without it!!! i enjoy every second of it and not only does the film have some great special affects but its sends a great message to the youngsters of the audience which may sound sheesy but in actual fact the movie is done very cooly in actual fact! although michael jackson has been in afew movies now, people still dont see him as an actor. in reality he's the most talented actor i know! he's so talented! he's incredible!!! moonwalker is a must see!!!!!!

this movie is exciting,daring and the music is very good.the movie moonwalker was meant to coincide with the album bad(1987).i have bad.it is excellent(*****).the movie begins with michael jackson performing"man in the mirror"on stage.then,it shows a history of michael,from his early days in the jackson 5 right up to the bad era. oh,and badder is good too(badder is a music video parody of the music video for bad the single).it then shows the speed demon video.the song and the video are very,very good indeed.same for leave me alone,which appears after.then it shows the movie moonwalker.after a few minutes,he plays smooth criminal in a club called club 30s.like it when he does the lean.anyway,nice to see you.bye bye.

moonwalker is absolutely incredible !!!!!!! what else can i say !? michael jackson is the true king of pop, rock and soul !!! moonwalker has everything ! great story line, fantastic music, great visual effects, and of course it has michael jackson !!!!!!

wow, i forgot how great this movie was until i stumbled upon it while looking through the garage. it's a kind of strange combination of a bio of michael jackson, a collection of musical vignettes, and a story about a super hero fighting to save some little kids. the vignettes are good (especially speed demon), but the best part of this movie is the super hero segment, in which michael jackson turns into a car, a robot, and finally a spaceship (and it's just as weird as it sounds). joe pesci is hilarious, and has enough cool imagery and great music to entertain throughout!the real gem however is the incredible "smooth criminal" video, which makes the movie worth owning for that part alone!

michael jackson is not very popular in usa anymore, however in europe (especially germany) he has still got lots of fans. many will say that this is a bad movie, and it is: it has no plot, it's full of cliches, michael praises himself constantly.but, you can't expect a plot or non-cliches in this kind of movie! it has entertaining visual effects and the music is perfect. the smooth criminal fragment - the greatest song ever, full of moonwalks, group dance acts and even the famous "michael jackson's bench-over" - makes this film one of jackson's masterpieces with an even good-looking (and white...) michael jackson!a must for jackson fans, a must for music fans, a must for dance act fans.however, as i'm an mj fan, i should warn all michael jackson haters out there: don't watch this movie, you'd only make your hate increase...

(there isn't much in the way of spoilers, since there isn't a plot to reveal, but still, i guess i describe some of what happens so...) this is it. this is the most nonsensical film i've ever seen. there are simply no words to describe this movie, although "bizarre" "ridiculous" and "ego trip" are pretty close. the opening half hour or so are really, really weird music videos, with absolutely no plot or continuity, apart from that mj falls into some from the previous. one of the highlights of this part of the "film" in the section where mj is flying a merry-go-round aeroplane through what seem to be half-arsed bond intro rejects and sections cut from yellow submarine (dear lord you could not make this up).then, with a little over an hour remaining, the "film" begins, with a lot of claymation (some of it really creepy) spotting our "hero" and chasing him looking for an autograph. obviously, this leaves our as of yet mute (discounting songs) lead somewhat worried, and he manages to temporarily lose them. fortunate for him, because it means he can witness a falling star and, and again, i'm not making this up, turn into a claymation rabbit. he uses this cunning disguise to try and sneak past them, but, for reasons i can't recall right now, they see through it (oh no!) and the creepy chase begins again. cue another song (big shock there).shortly after the end of the chase, mj somehow brings the rabbit to life, until he is busted by a policeman (in the middle of the desert) because it is, apparently, illegal to dance there.the rest of the film is equally as strange, highlights including mj cleaning up a bar to the tune of smooth criminal, including shooting a man with his finger, not only killing the guy, but burning his shadow into the wall, a la nuclear fission weapons. another good moment is when mj, seeing, mr big (joe "what the hell happened to his career at this point?" peschi) kidnap one of the children he was friends with, magically creates a tommy gun, and in another moment of violence that pepper this film seemingly at random, opens fire at everything that moves. a final moment i shall mention is when mj, surrounded by mr big and his private army. seriously, this guy has dozens of people working for him, and they're decked out more like commando units rather than mobsters, which i guess they are. how does he get out? why, he turns into a robot, complete with weapons and shield. this is the third of four transformations he makes, almost always when backed into a corner and/or on the run.this film is quite, quite surreal, with little in the way of plot, and virtually no continuity.

if you see this movie, you know you will see an extense video-clip of popular music. but you will find more. incredible fx, great music and a nice time to enjoy with your kids. if you compare this movie, you have to remember is a pop extravaganza. clips of "man in the mirror", "leave me alone", "smooth criminal" and beatles' "come together".

this is, in my opinion, a very good film, especially for michael jackson lovers. it contains a message on drugs, stunning special effects, and an awesome music video.the main film is centered around the song and music video 'smooth criminal.' unlike the four-minute music video, it is normal speed and, in my opinion, much easier to watch.the plot is rather weird, however. michael jackson plays a magical 'gangster' that, when he sees a shooting star, he transforms into a piece of machinery. throughout the film, he transforms into a race car, a giant robot, and a space ship.the robot scene in particular is a bit drawn out and strange. i found it a little out-of-whack compared to the rest of the film.a child is kidnapped, michael tries to save her, is tortured and beaten, and suddenly turns into a giant robot that blows up all the bad guys. a little weird? yeah.but besides the bizarre robot scene, it's a very good movie, and any michael jackson fan will enjoy both the smooth criminal music video and the movie.

moonwalker is such a great movie, from start to finish you cant take your eyes away. i love all the clips of michael singing and dancing and i just love the 'studio tour' bit...soo funny :) and the 'mini movie' is to cool, with all the special fx etc...michael is a genius and always will be!!!

i think that this movie is very neat. you eithier like michael jackson or you don't, but if you like him then you have to see this movie. i think that it is a very neat film with great song play and good imagination. not to mention the film center piece smooth criminal which has some of the best dancing you will every see.

mr michael jackson is an artistic phenomenon. his short movies, i.e. music videos, are simply the best. i do not care if i get a sane sci-fi feature from this man, but i do care to get a medley of his crazy dancing, shriek yells, cool crowd choreography, and some bits of cgi and animation. there also should be a few uninterrupted videos. everything i've mentioned is here. stupid plot and over-the-top "vanity fair" are not a problem when i witness mr michael jackson in action. to me he will always be the ultimate king of music videos (not "king of pop" which sounds moronic, especially for us, russians, because "pop" sounds like the russian word for "arses" and mj is definitely not "king of arses"). i can re-watch his best music videos (which are artistically beautiful) and i never get tired of them.my first impression of this film was "what is this...?" (bits of different videos, some drawn images, unsettling jumps from one theme to another, absence of any cohesive plot line, some kids fooling around, etc.) but as i watched it till the end, i could tell that it was great and really nothing like anything else shown on tv nowadays. what i like here too is that it never shows any shameful material and can be watched by kids easily.without mr michael jackson the universe of music videos would be rather poor. even the best classic videos of other artists cannot come very close to the energetic hyperbole of mj musical insanity and artistic quality. he knew how to get the audience of different ages and he knew how to remain a man with moral principles.when i see a proper dvd release with mr michael jackson videos i know that it deserves to be purchased even if some clips have already appeared in some other previous release. "history i", "history ii", and "moonwalker" are all great, though only "moonwalker" is more like one movie (with a solid "smooth criminal" theme, "paparazzi" topic, and a few weird spoofs and twists).being no fan of mj i can still give this "film... like no other" a solid 9 out of 10 (i've been hit by "smooth criminal" for sure and my major complains are the following: initial segments of the movie could have been dropped while the main "mj anti-drug campaign" should have been given more "sky-rocketing insanity and stress" and there should have been more "moonwalking" itself of course). thanks for attention.

only a 9/10 from me, a perfect ten would have been if there was more of a plot to the movie, but nevertheless moonwalker to this day remains a fun fest of music, dance and entertainment. beginning with the montage of video clips from jackson's long career, it reminds the viewer of just why he is often regarded as 'the king of pop'. from his hit 'i want you back' to 'we are the world' the multi-award winning charity record for the benefit of africa. following this a short movie of sorts, although lacklustre in an oscar winning script, nonetheless provides a fantastic and entertaining drama for the audience. ending with a perfect (sexy!) rendition of 'come together'. something the whole family can watch and enjoy.

moonwalker is probably not the film to watch if you're not a michael jackson fan. i'm a big fan and enjoyed the majority of the film, the ending wasn't fantastic but the first 50 or so minutes were - if you're a fan.i personally believe the first 50 minutes are re-watchable many times over. the dancing in each video is breathtaking, the music fantastic to listen to and the dialogue entertaining.it includes many of his finest videos from bad and snippets from his earlier videos. it also includes some live concert footage.if you're a big fan of michael jackson this is a must, if you're not a fan/don't like michael jackson, steer well clear.9/10

this movie is great.now, i do tend to like my films heavy on the story and dialogue, but now and then, something like moonwalker comes along, and it's watchable, despite numerous flaws.this film is no more than a highly entertaining michael jackson advertisement. beginning with sickly video set to 'man in the mirror' a montage listing his achievements, and bits and bobs from his career, it goes through all the highs of his life, then crashes down into a really, really entertaining segment which acts as a funny music video for 'bad' and 'speed demon', following the adventures of mj as he runs from manic stop-motion fans, and finally dancing against a rabbit costume. the stop motion isn't that bad as some would have you believe. it's passable.then we see the great video for 'leave me alone', and straight into the main feature.yes, the plot is laughable. very laughable. we see michael walk out of a building, then get shot at by thousands of troops. then we hit flashback, showing mj and three children stumbling upon an underground lair. 'mr big' (joe pesci) is the nefarious villain who has a plan to get every child in the world hooked on 'drugs' (no specifics are mentioned) at an early age. mj and the little girl he is with get caught, then chased... yada yada yada. the plot isn't really the important part. we get two very cool sequences where mj turns into a car, then a robot-spaceship thing, and of course, the amazing 'smooth criminal' sequence.it's a so-so film, but it is fantastic for anyone who likes mj. it has most of his greatest hits, and some cool little bits, and some quite good special effects (the robot/spaceship sequence in particular) worth it, especially seen as though you can pick it up for about a quid on ebay. it'll keep the kids quiet for a couple of hours, as well as most 20 somethings who were kids when it was first released.

with all this stuff going down at the moment with mj i've started listening to his music, watching the odd documentary here and there, watched the wiz and watched moonwalker again. maybe i just want to get a certain insight into this guy who i thought was really cool in the eighties just to maybe make up my mind whether he is guilty or innocent. moonwalker is part biography, part feature film which i remember going to see at the cinema when it was originally released. some of it has subtle messages about mj's feeling towards the press and also the obvious message of drugs are bad m'kay.visually impressive but of course this is all about michael jackson so unless you remotely like mj in anyway then you are going to hate this and find it boring. some may call mj an egotist for consenting to the making of this movie but mj and most of his fans would say that he made it for the fans which if true is really nice of him.the actual feature film bit when it finally starts is only on for 20 minutes or so excluding the smooth criminal sequence and joe pesci is convincing as a psychopathic all powerful drug lord. why he wants mj dead so bad is beyond me. because mj overheard his plans? nah, joe pesci's character ranted that he wanted people to know it is he who is supplying drugs etc so i dunno, maybe he just hates mj's music.lots of cool things in this like mj turning into a car and a robot and the whole speed demon sequence. also, the director must have had the patience of a saint when it came to filming the kiddy bad sequence as usually directors hate working with one kid let alone a whole bunch of them performing a complex dance scene.bottom line, this movie is for people who like mj on one level or another (which i think is most people). if not, then stay away. it does try and give off a wholesome message and ironically mj's bestest buddy in this movie is a girl! michael jackson is truly one of the most talented people ever to grace this planet but is he guilty? well, with all the attention i've gave this subject....hmmm well i don't know because people can be different behind closed doors, i know this for a fact. he is either an extremely nice but stupid guy or one of the most sickest liars. i hope he is not the latter.

i was a kid .. crazy about michael jackson. his music, his dancing .. he was and is the greatest of all times. few days ago a friend gave me a present .. "moonwalker" dvd .. i just couldn't believe it! so i took my time and saw the movie again.. after a lot of years, and it kicked me back in time. i almost cried. not because of michael jackson but of the good old times i remembered back than when i went to his concerts, enjoying music and dancing. the movie gave me some other perspective than back then when i was a kid. you can truly see the parody that michael went through his life. thank you michael jackson to bring me back to those great times, to your great music and dancing. it's a shame that people has forgotten you .. i didn't because you gave me great moments with your music .. all the best to you where ever you are out there ..

the first time i saw this "film" i loved it. when i was 11, i was more interested in the music and dancing. as i've grown older, i've become more interested in the acting as well. while the first half is just a retrospective of michael's career (from the jackson 5 up to "bad"), it was still entertaining to watch. the "badder" sequence could've been left out, though the kids were pretty good. "speed demon" and "leave me alone" were funny, especially when the police officer tells michael, "i need your autograph right here", after stopping him for dancing in a no-dancing zone. but it's "smooth criminal" that's the icing on the cake. joe pesci did an excellent job as the toughie (and that hair was wild). the dancing is perfect, and so are the special effects. the only thing i could have done without was the spiders. any fan of michael's should see this, if you haven't already. i give it a 10+!

if you want to remember mj, this is a good place to start. this movie features sweet tunes, mj as robot, and a crazy, messed-up plot. i recall, many a night, passing out to this fine feature film in college, and pondering the sheer awesomenes of whoever decided to green light this ridiculous piece of .there is lots of singing. lots of dancing. there is lots of singing while dancing. mj slays it as you would expect when it comes to this stuff. but there is much more to this movie. there is claymation. there are fat children (clay). there is an anthropomorphic rabbit that michael jackson has to battle in a dance off (obviously clay too). there is joe pesci as well (not made of clay).rip- we love you michael! it is a sad day for all of us.

actually this movie has silly moments, both in the claymation part and in the joe pesci and children part, and it's much worse than other mj movies like "the wiz", "captain eo" and "ghosts". but as a die hard michael jackson fan since almost eleven years, (yeah, that's half my life, you guys!), i can't complain too much about it. just seeing this lovely guy and hearing his wonderful music is a trip to heaven for me. but as a movie, it's not good at all, and i'm afraid, that it would get a much lower grade for me, if my darling mike hadn't been the one starring in it. but since no one but mike is the moonwalker, it has to get a 7 out of 10 from me.

i've loved this movie ever since it first came out. i was about nine years old, and now i'm 27. i remember playing the video game on sega genisis. i had so much fun, i would love to show my son this movie. he likes michael jackson as well and i know he will love this movie just as i did when i was a kid. even though he's much younger than i was when i first saw it. i can't wait for it to come out on dvd! i hope it comes out on dvd! please let it come out on dvd!! i'm dying to see it again!!! well that is my comment i hope that one day soon i'll get to view this movie again. i love all of the videos in this movie. my favorite mini-video is badder!

ah, moonwalker, i'm a huge michael jackson fan, i grew up with his music, thriller was actually the first music video i ever saw apparently. believe it or not there was a time where michael jackson was like a god to people, a time where women fainted at the sight of him before really fainting before seeing the sight of him, sorry, michael. but moonwalker was what started to be a tribute to all of michael's success of the time right when he released his famous bad album that was record breaking, was the first album to have 6 top ten singles. michael is an incredible artist, there is no doubt, he writes, sings, dances, but when it comes to acting or keeping a story straight with his audience not so much.we start off pretty simple: jackson's music, life, career, success and the mania that was the 80's biggest star in the world michael jackson. later on, jackson is a 30's style gangster who uses his powers as a crime figure to protect the children. when jackson was allowed to be near children, we cut to him playing in a field with the children and their dog. the dog runs away, and in their search for it, jackson and the children uncover the lair of mr. big, frankie lideo, a drug dealing mobster with an army of henchmen who wants to get the entire populace of planet earth addicted to drugs, starting with the children. mr. big discovers jackson and the children, but they escape; jackson tells the children to meet him at club 30's, which turns out to be a haunted nightclub abandoned since the 1930s. the story goes back to the mobsters attack on jackson, and here it is revealed that jackson is actually a magical gangster, who draws his power from shooting stars. as one passes by the club, jackson transforms into a sports car and mows down several of mr. big's henchmen. the story picks up on the children at club 30's, and at first the children are afraid, but when jackson appears the scary atmosphere of the club transforms and the children find themselves back in the 1930s. the club is now filled with zoot suiters and swing dancers. jackson participates in a dance-off with the other club members, which serves as the music video for "smooth criminal". at the climax of the song, mr. big lays siege to the club and kidnaps one of the children, katie. jackson follows them back to big's lair and ends up surrounded by his henchmen. mr. big appears and mentally tortures jackson by threatening to inject katie with highly addictive narcotics. while katie manages to just grab joe pesci's glasses and get free from being injected, mr. big decides he's had enough and orders his men to kill katie before finishing off jackson, but not before a shooting star flies by. jackson transforms into a giant robot and kills all of mr. big's soldiers. yup, ummm, you want more weirdness? watch the movie.moonwalker is fun for the first half hour, seeing michael's success and all his hard work really makes his fans appreciate him once again. is it mostly to hype up his album? yeah, i love how he spends the first 25 minutes praising how awesome he is, then we go to his song called "leave me alone", which is kind of hypocritical, not that it's not a great song, just a small turn of events. then when we skip the crummy acting, the story was incredibly weak: the villain spells his name out loud while michael and katie are spying on him, lol, michael is a transformer all of a sudden, the villain's big monster plan is to make kids high? also the villain has some sort of massive ray gun that would make marvin the martian blush. but if there is one new thing that is incredible that the movie gives us is the new video for smooth criminal. this music video is perfection, it's choreographing, it's setting, it's song, it's smooth style, michael always goes above and beyond perfection and smooth criminal was incredible. i loved moonwalker as a kid, i still watch it for fun to this day, but it's not the best movie by any means, it's pretty silly, but it's all good if you're a michael jackson fan as well.7/10

i was quite surprised to read some of the comments on this work, honestly. some people were looking for a plot??? ok, when this video came out over a decade ago, i watched it for what it was: a collection of music videos. it's not a movie. it doesn't have a plot, nor a central storyline. it's a rather artistic anthology of mostly long-form videos, all of them rather smartly or creatively done. michael jackson may be considered a freak these days, but, after all, this was the man who gave us thriller (considered by many to be the greatest music video of all time) and set trends with billie jean and beat it. with moonwalker, he and the filmmakers and artists who collaborated with him once again took his music and dance moves to create some vividly entertaining stuff, incorporating claymation, special effects, live performance footage, and even self-parody (the "badder" sequence). and for those wondering what joe pesci was doing there, this video came out just a tad before he became a household name, and was one of his most memorable appearances on film. and, imho, i think the smooth criminal sequence (the choreographed section) beats anything else michael jackson did up to that point!

can i be as simple and primitive in my evaluations as to simply say "i liked it"? it's reasonably funny by bits, it got great stars and it's gorgeous to look at. the songs (there are about two which are then repeated) are forgettable, but they get a healthy ironic treatment (such as the terribly handsome mr fairbanks exploding into frenzied wagnerian version of the tender ballad miss grable has just rendered); there isn't much dancing with all the 1861 crinolines draped around miss grable, and the comedy might be a bit heavy handed, but the result still is very uplifting. the photography (including real outdoor shots which are a thrill) is amazing, playing around with different shades of lush heavy gold. miss grable is a bit past her prime and on the plumpish side, but still fresh and comfortable in this continental "olde worlde" comedy. it's pretty much along the line of "down to earth" with rita hayworth, and that one tends to be rather disliked by many. so i suppose several people would deem "that lady in ermine" to be outdated and stuffy. but it's a fairy tale, and these tend to move along at a certain paste anyhow. my suggestion is - just enjoy the artwork, the costumes, the witty script and everything else this film has to offer, and stop complaining. the film has been released on dvd in germany, with both german and english soundtrack.

lubitsch's last production but not his least interesting film. somehow largely ignored by critics as he couldn't finish it himself and as the movie wasn't co-signed by preminger who he did most of the staging... a very strange mix of musical (a remembrance of the merry widow ?)and classic lubitsch touch sentimentalism (an impossible love-story like cluny brown)yet a very clever and intelligent one yet not to be understood as some nostalgia of some lost world but rather a testament on eternal feelings prevailing on the foolishness of mankind and especially men in times of war with a "moral" lesson still true today as it was in 1948. billy wilder as an answer to preminger who grieved at lubitsch's funerals about having lost a great man replied that we still had his films and that sums it all up about that lady in ermine...

in 1948 this was my all-time favorite movie. betty grable's costumes were so ravishing that i wanted to grow up to be her and dress like that. douglas fairbanks, jr., was irresistible as the dashing hungarian officer. silly and fluffy as this movie might appear at first, when i was eight years old it seemed to me to say something important about relations between men and women. i saw it again the other day; i was surprised to find that it still did.

i enjoyed this film far more than anything had led me to anticipate; from reading other comments here, i suspect it benefits enormously from being seen on a full-size screen in the cinema, in the company of a cheerful and enthusiastic audience. i was lucky enough to have that experience, borne up on ripples of laughter from all around, and had an immensely good time with this undemanding comedy.for it is as a comedy that it shines, if it shines anywhere at all. the music is nothing special -- in fact, i hadn't realised it *was* a musical, and was very surprised when the assembled ancestors burst into half-spoken lyric -- but i do have to admit that the half-threat, half-promise of 'oh, what i'll do...' has proved far more catchy than it ever seemed at the time, as it's still going round and round in my head!the plot, such as it is, largely pivots around the past history of the eponymous francesca, a sixteenth-century portrait sporting a distinctly anachronistic hairstyle and fur-coat. her idea on the sanctity of marriage don't quite jibe with those of her distant descendant, the countess angelina, and one can almost hear the storyline creaking at the seams under the strain of the production code in order to ensure that the heroine arrives unsullied in her much-delayed marriage-bed with the right man...the romance is scarcely earth-shattering, and in fact the first few scenes, played pretty well straight, verge on the tedious. but where script and film really come to life is in the battle of the sexes that follows. the impudence of douglas fairbanks jr's courtship of betty grable's married angelina is equalled only by betty-grable-as-francesca's pursuit of him in turn, culminating in complete role-reversal in the hilarious fantasy sequence where she -- literally -- sweeps him off his feet. this is probably the comic climax of the plot, although the consequences of the colonel's understandable confusion are worked out with a deft touch in the remaining two 'acts' of the operetta-structure, and the spectacle of fairbanks' blissful, bemused awakening is more or less worth the price of admission on its own.grable is entirely convincing in establishing her two contrasting characters, wisely gets almost all the (limited) singing opportunities, and shares the honours where the swathes of quotable dialogue in the various verbal duels are concerned. but in the field of unspoken reaction she is really outclassed by her male supporting leads; fairbanks in particular is an absolute treat in a number of wordless sequences whose set-up and humour is worthy of the silent screen.this film is too uneven in style to be a classic, varying from sparkling repartee to hackneyed tedium. but at its best it is quite honestly very funny indeed, and brought a round of spontaneous applause and laughter across the auditorium at the end as the lights went up. out of tune with its times, it may have failed to draw contemporary audiences -- but, on this showing, really didn't deserve to be disowned by both grable and preminger, the (uncredited) director. this is no masterpiece, but a thoroughly entertaining minor work, and i for one found myself grinning in remembrance all the way home.

this game is fun and it has a plot that you could actually expect to see in the comics. spider-man has been framed by a mysterious impostor. the city is being overrun by a strange gas, and symbiotes like those of venom and carnage are appearing all over the city. who is behind these crimes? could it be doc ock? well he seems to have turned over a new leaf. venom also does not seem to be involved as he is just ticked off that spider-man has apparently cost him a rather good photo opportunity. well cameos from other heroes and lots of villains later spidey will unravel the mystery. the fighting is basic, not to hard to pick up, the fights with the bosses are rather fun. you get to collect comics, you run out of web and it is somewhat fun traversing the city. however, that is also a weak point. the swinging is not all that great as all you do is hover through the city as spider-man seemingly attachés his webs to the sky. you also do not have much maneuverability web-slinging either especially compared to a say spider-man 2 movie video game. still, it makes up for the rather bad swinging with the other elements especially the story. so be prepared to see scorpion, rhino, venom, mysterio, doctor octopus, and carnage for one wild action packed ride.

if you played "spider-man" on the ps version, then you've seen it all. to truly experience it you should get the dc version. simply put it's a much graphically superior game; the textures are sharp, levels are easy to navigate, and it has much better sound then it's ps cousin. i bought this game back in late '00s and it still holds up even till this day. well, marvel: ultimate alliance is a much superior and strategic game but if you're a fan of 'ol web head then you owe it yourself to pick this up for your gaming library. swinging around the city as spidey has never looked this good and dead-on in a video game. if you have a dreamcast, snag this up for cheap. the dc version is simply incredible.

rated e(contains violence).i had the original spiderman game for the pc for a couple of years now.i still have not beaten it because on windows xp there is a glitch on one level which i cant beat because of it.so be warned if you have xp.but for those who don't have xp give this game a try.its a fun clean family game with action and its great for any spiderman fan.in the game you play spiderman and you take on various criminals who commit crimes.spiderman is a fun little game and i recommend it to any spiderman fan or a parent wanting a fun,clean game for their kids.8/10

summary- this game is the best spider-man to hit the market!you fight old foes such as scorpion,rhino,venom,doctor octopus,carnage,...and exclusive to the game...monster-ock!monster-ock is the symbiote carnage on dock ock's body.storyline- dock ock was supposedly reformed and using his inventions for mankind...supposedly...he was really planing a symbiote invasion! see the rest for yourself.features- you can play in numerous old costumes seen throughout the comics.almost every costume has special abilities!you can collect comics in the game and then view them in a comic viewer.and last but not least..............spidey-armour!collect a gold spider symbol to change into spider-armour.it gives you another health bar!graphics- great!though they they can be rough at times.but still great!sound- sweet!nice music on every level and great voice overs!overall- 10 out of 10.this game rocks.buy it today!

spider-man is in my opinion the best superhero ever, and this game is the best superhero game ever. while it may be somewhat easy, you have to play it several times to get all the costumes and comic book covers, which makes up for how easy it is to get through the game. it may seem hard to control at first, but once you get the hang of it, you will be web-slinging like spider-man himself.the bosses, while like the levels are somewhat easy, are fun. the first boss, scorpion, is incredibly easy to beat, which shouldn't be so because as fans of the comic books know, scorpion is one of spider-man's most deadly villains. the second boss, rhino, is also very easy. the 3rd boss is venom, who is in my opinion the easiest boss in the game, which definately shouldn't be. the 4th boss is venom again. this time, he is a little bit more difficult to beat but still easy. the 5th boss is mysterio, who i think is the funnest boss to battle in the game. he is also one of the harder bosses, but once again, still fairly easy. next boss is carnage, who is, you guessed it, easy to beat. but carnage is actually kind of fun to fight. 7th boss is doctor octopus, who is like all the other bosses easy, but not as easy as the other ones because he has a shield. the 8th and final boss is exclusive to the game, never in a comic book or cartoon. i won't spoil it for you for those of you who haven't played the game, but the boss is the only boss in the game that isn't too easy. took me 4 or 5 tries to beat while the others i beat on the first or second tries.all in all, a very good game. i gave it an 8 out of 10. the reasons why i didn't give it a 9 or 10 are that once you get all the costumes and comic book covers it gets kind of boring (getting all that stuff will take a while though), it is not very accurate according to the comic books or cartoon show, the bosses are too easy, and they should have used hobgoblin and/or green goblin as a boss, i think it would be fun to battle someone flying around in the air! they didn't use them in the sequel to this game either! well the green goblin is the villain in the upcoming spider-man movie, so hopefully they will make a video game based on the movie.

this cool marvel superhero game pays proper tribute by staying true to the comics. of all the marvel superhero games that have been so lame with weak graphics and gameplay, spiderman improves in both departments. it also features the voice of stan lee, the creator of spiderman comics.as you'd expect spiderman does whatever a spider can. he does more than spin webs. in fact, he uses them as weapons and shields. when he's not using web in combat, he punches and kicks as well. spidey has his hands full as he battles venom, rhino, mysterio, scorpion, and dr. octopus to name a few. look for captain america in a cameo.most of the levels are challenging, but some of them require patience to beat. the only complaint about this game is that it's so short and can be completed in less than three hours. if you're a real marvel superhero fan, this game is for you but don't expect long gameplay. better luck in "spiderman 2." my evaluation: 9 out of 10.

an enjoyable game, which offers fun and easy game play and fair replay ability. staying true to the comic and providing a low learning curve gives this game something not seen in most action cartridges today. also, the narration and animated scenes used (though lengthy animations are replaced by slide shows on the nintendo 64 version) use full advantage of the platforms' capabilities.

50 years old, this musical comedy fantasy might look its age, but it wears it with dignity.this film is still great fun. crosby was never really romantic lead material, but he delivers the material with the lightly humorous edge it needs. bendix plays broad and is huge fun in a part which calls upon his strengths. hardwicke - how joyous for a knight of the realm - a genuine one - to throw himself into caperings like this with such abandon. and rhonda fleming enjoys herself in the least showy of the main roles. only murvyn vye disappoints as an unconvincing merlin.though not a musical, the songs are very good, and the "dance" routine accompanying busy doing nothing is perfect - funny, appropriate, dexterous without being challenging, and making a virtue out of crosby's musical movement which, let's be fair, was inherently amusing due ti its never being his greatest strength.the colour is fine, the sound is a little muddy in places.and the story - well, it takes some liberties with the original, but i suspect that mr clemens might well have been pleased with the result.

some of the posters seem less than gruntled because this is neither mark twain nor rodgers and hart but clearly it doesn't pretend to be either. you'll look a long time to find a greater rodgers and hart fan than me but burke and van heusen weren't exactly chopped liver in addition to which they knew der bingle inside out and tailored some great songs - but beautiful, moonlight becomes you, it's always you, the day after forever, etc - to fit his highly personal style and here they come up with yet another fine - and unfairly neglected - ballad, once and for always, plus a couple of upbeat philosophy-lite entries in if you stub your toe on the moon and busy doing nothing. the flimsy plot isn't meant to be taken seriously - why else make merlin a heavy when in most, if not all, of the other versions he is more a friend/mentor to arthur - so if you start wondering aloud why sir lancelot who has been sold to historians as the epitome of chivalry and uprightness metamorphoses into a schoolyard bully you're not going to get much fun out of what is essentially a fun movie. on balance it does what it sets out to do, entertain, so good luck to it.

hello again, i have to comment on this wonderful, exciting, and believable tale of romance and intrigue. the music in wonderful and memorable. very good colorful movie. another movie i liked as well later on was high society with bing crosby. wonderful music. thanks for listening, florence forrester-stockton, reno, nevada

this movie is a great. the plot is very true to the book which is a classic written by mark twain. the movie starts of with a scene where hank sings a song with a bunch of kids called "when you stub your toe on the moon" it reminds me of sinatra's song high hopes, it is fun and inspirational. the music is great throughout and my favorite song is sung by the king, hank (bing crosby) and sir "saggy" sagamore. overall a great family movie or even a great date movie. this is a movie you can watch over and over again. the princess played by rhonda fleming is gorgeous. i love this movie!! if you liked danny kaye in the court jester then you will definitely like this movie.

stylishly directed, picturesquely photographed and brilliantly acted  crosby's interpretation seems exactly right, hardwicke has his best role ever, while bendix is a treat too  this yankee's appeal is universal and irresistible.one of the principal joys of the movie, of course, are the songs. as might be expected, bing is in fine voice. and although hardwicke's solo has been cut, we can still hear him sing heartily as he dances merrily with crosby and bendix in their famous novelty number, "busy doing nothing". it's also a treat to hear rhonda fleming, who, although she enjoyed an extensive stage and concert career as a singer, was rarely given a chance to be heard in the cinema. she has a lovely voice that more than matches her ravishing looksand she looks very fetching indeed in her mary kay dodson costumes.director tay garnett gets the most out of his lavish budget, using all the resources at his command to present every fabulous scene as effectively as possible. (perhaps the eclipse looks a trifle too contrived, but who's complaining?) in short, as the trailer actually describes, an entertainment delight from start to finish.

this movie is humorous, charming, and easily becomes a favorite for those who enjoy light entertainment. hollywood is hardly the place for serious history lessons so i simply accept it as is. bing, in his usual inimitable style, performs quite well as the blacksmith, hank martin, who by accident is transported back to another age, the time of king arthur. the beautiful rhonda fleming is breathtaking as alisande, or sandy, the object of hank's affections although she is betrothed to the brave and formidable sir lancelot, played by henry wilcoxon.i just love that episode when king arthur (cedric hardwicke), sir sagramore (wm. bendix), and hank (bing crosby) dress up in tattered clothing and take to the high road with their knapsacks to experience the kingdom at firsthand. king arthur's comment, "i say, we are not alone" while giving his scruffy garments a good scratch, is one of those hilarious moments in the film. william bendix's portrayal is superbly ridiculous, not to mention his attempts at quaint "ye olde english." the story is not deep but it's well done in my opinion and i enjoy it more each time i see it. it's great family entertainment too.

i understand that paramount wanted to film this with the rodgers and hart score, but couldn't work out the copyright problems, so burke and van heusen who wrote the between them the most songs for bing crosby contributed a very nice score.i read leonard maltin saying that this movie, "fit crosby like a glove" and i couldn't have put it better. no, it's not mark twain's satire, it's a bing crosby film and in 1949 crosby was the most bankable star in hollywood. for once paramount used technicolor and rhonda fleming was never lovelier on the screen. this was a woman that technicolor was invented for.william bendix's brooklyn origins kinda stand out, but it's to a good comic effect. the trio of crosby, bendix, and sir cedric hardwicke have a rollicking good time with busy doing nothing. bing has one of his patented upbeat philosophical numbers with if you stub your toe on the moon.the third song he sings once and for always by himself and with rhonda fleming. that song was nominated for best song, but lost to baby it's cold outside. nice also that bing managed to record the score for decca with rhonda fleming and bendix and hardwicke.one thing i like about this film is that it shows crosby's comic talents without bob hope. i like the road pictures, but bing was a comic talent onto himself and this film better demonstrates than any other.this is crosby at the top of his game.

maybe i loved this movie so much in part because i've been feeling down in the dumps and it's such a lovely little fairytale. whatever the reason, i thought it was pitch perfect. great, intelligent story, beautiful effects, excellent acting (especially de niro, who is awesome). this movie made me happier than i've been for a while.it is a very funny and clever movie. the running joke of the kingdom's history of prince savagery and the aftermath, the way indulging in magic effects the witch and dozens of smart little touches all kept me enthralled. that's much of what makes it so good; it's an elaborate, special-effects-laden movie with more story than most fairytale movies, yet there is an incredible attention to small things.i feel like just going ahead and watching it all over again.

going into seeing this movie i was a bit skeptical because fantasy movies are not always my cup of tea. especially a romantic fantasy.little did i know that i was in for a ride through cinematic magic. everything in the movie from plot to dialogue to effects was very near perfection.claire danes shines like the star she is in this movie. from beginning to end you fall more and more in love with this character.michelle pfeiffer is menacing as an evil witch bent on capturing the star for eternal youth and beauty.robert de niro is a lovable character who gives the audience the greatest bit of comic relief as the movie is gaining momentum towards the climax.overall this was a movie that surprised and delighted me as a movie fan. if you are looking for a fun and enjoyable movie that will be fun for the kids and adults alike, stardust is the way to go.

highly enjoyable, very imaginative, and filmic fairytale all rolled into one, stardust tells the story of a young man living outside a fantasy world going inside it to retrieve a bit of a fallen star only to find the star is alive, young, and beautiful. a kingdom whose king is about to die has said king unleash a competition on his several sons to see who can retrieve a ruby first to be king whilst a trio of witches want the star to carve up and use to keep them young. these three plot threads weave intricately together throughout the entire picture blended with good acting, dazzling special effects, and some solid sentiment and humour as well. stardust is a fun film and has some fun performances from the likes of claire danes as the star(i could gaze at her for quite some time) to michelle pfeiffer(i could gaze at her at full magical powers even longer) playing the horrible witch to robert deniro playing a nancy-boy air pirate to perfection. charlie cox as the lead tristan is affable and credible and we get some very good work from a group of guys playing the sons out to be king who are constantly and consistently trying to kill off each other. mark strong, jason flemyng, and ruppert everett plays their roles well in both life and death(loved this whole thread as well). peter o'toole plays the dying killer daddy and watch for funny man ricky gervais who made me laugh more than anything in the entire film in his brief five minutes(nice feet). but the real power in the film is the novel by neil gaiman and the script made from his creative and fertile mind. stardust creates its own mythology and its own world and it works.

although stardust seems to be a fantasy film with predictable ending and average performances, it is certainly not. when i saw the movie, i knew it was going to be one of my favorite movies. and i was right. stardust is more of a fairytale than an adventure film. it has this magical 'aura' from the beginning to the very end of the movie. the storyline is well written , and it keeps you on the edge of your seat. like every tale , it has some short of morality. therefore we know in our hearts that the evil brothers won't take the throne but the innocent boy who manages to overcome every obstacle and difficulty he encounters during his journey. we also know that the true love is yvaine and not victoria , the material girl who is shallow and manipulative. i have to give extra credits to claire danes. she literally shines in this movie. her eyes have this sparkle that fit totally in her character. moreover, she and cox do have chemistry which makes the romance in the film even more notable. the rest of the cast are well known actors and actresses which of course make stardust an interesting and ''high classed'' movieoverall , the movie is fantastic, the locations magical and the plot interesting.i was very disappointed that the film didn't get nominated for more awards. i have to give at least 9/10 stars for this.

i contend that whoever is ultimately responsible for creating/approving the trailer for this movie has completely blundered. no one i know wanted to see this movie based on the previews, and everyone who actually saw it (that i know) absolutely loved it... the advertising campaign is disgrace/disaster/blunder.opened at #4 behind...#1-rush hour, which i have not seen, average imdb score of 7.4.#2-the bourn ultimatum, which i have seen, awesome movie but 3rd week out, average imdb score of 8.7 (deserving i would say).#3-the simpsons movie, which i have seen, okay movie but 4th week out, average imdb score of 8.1 (a bit high in my opinion).#4-stardust, average imdb score of 8.4 (lower then bourn, but that's been our for 3 weeks).whether it was poor scheduling or poor advertising i think that the powers that be behind this movie screwed up big time! this should have been advertised as an amazing movie that happens to be a fantasy/fairytale and not advertised as just another fairytale too bad :( anyway- now that i have very pointlessly ranted on-and-on... awesome movie, go see it!

jack frost is really a cool movie. i mean....its funny. its violent. and very enjoyable. most people say that it is b rated, but that couldn't be farther from the truth. it has great special effects and good acting. the only weird thing is of course, the killer snowman. i think this movie was actually one of the best films of the late-nineties. most films these days lack the criteria of a clive barker master piece. that is, be original and give the viewer what they do not expect. jack frost is very cool. 10 out of 10. grade: a+. ed also recommends the movie uncle sam to fans of jack frost.

okay, but just plain dumb. not bad for a horror/comedy film. i was reading how people switched it with the michael version and that is a good trick in my opinion because some grown ups hate horrors and when they see this one it will get them interested in horror films like this one or maybe (never seen it) the horror (possibly comedy) uncle sam, i'll have to see about renting or buying that film but the 2nd is way better then this one but i bought this one on vhs of amazon and got it november 21, the day before thanksgiving. worth the four bucks, l.o.l. at this film.9/10

this remarkable film can be summed up very easily. first of all, while the comparisons to "princess bride" are inevitable, it's almost futile to do so. while both films combine adult wit and humor with a fairy tale backdrop, "stardust" is so much different than any other fantasy/sci-fi film i've ever seen. it's such a hybrid of those genres, but its plot and script are so unique that--along with the performances, special effects, cinematography, and score--the finished product is simply not all that comparable to anything that has ever appeared on the silver screen. secondly, the score is very effective at simultaneously pulling us into the story and the fantasy world in which it takes place and pushing the story along, while creating just the right amount of awe and excitement necessary to make the magic believable within the realm where the characters exist. thirdly, i did not find the film to be even remotely difficult to follow or confusing in any way. in fact, the interesting interplay between the three main subplots actually made it even that much more compelling to watch. wonderfully casted, and superbly acted across the board. this fantasy adventure (with sci-fi elements) was the best one i've seen since "return of the king" (not that i am comparing the two at all). ok, so its not that easy to sum up, but don't let any crude and/or heartless and cynical review nor the film's pathetic pr prevent you from partaking in the best time you could have at the movies this summer (or even possibly in a long time)!

as far as horror flicks go, this one is pretty darn good. while it may not be a classic tale of horror and suspense, it does provide many quality chuckles that make this movie a must see if you're into the horror/comedy genre.

how can someone not like this movie??? this movie is so good, that the first week i saw it on the shelf at the video store it was stolen....best horror movie ever!!!....i mean he took the carrot and he...well you know hahaha..how is that not funny? the only movie that comes close to touching this is bride of chucky and that was just great!!

this film is absolutely hilarious. basically, the plot revolves around a serial killer being somehow turned into a snowman through some b-movie chemical accident. he then heads for town and starts terrorising the locals. its up to the local police chief and some other characters to try and stop him. its made on a wee budget and it certainly shows, but the great thing about this film is it knows that its rubbish. the improvisations of styrofoam and polystyrene mimicking the giant killer snowman are classic, and this is clearly the intention - its one of the few films that has its budget as its main selling point. alongside the comic tackiness there are some other great comedy moments - listen out right in the beginning for the voice over of a dad scaring his kids to death, and the funniest rape scene ever committed to film. fantastic tacky fun

before i comment about this movie, you should realize that when i saw this movie, i expected the typical crap, horror, b-movie and just wanted to have fun. jack frost is one that not only delivers but is actually one of the best that i've seen in a long time. scott mcdonald is great as jack frost, in fact i think he has a future in being psychopaths in big time movies if ever given the chance. mcdonald is a serial killer who becomes a snowman through some stupid accidental mix of ridiculous elements. as soon as that snowman starts moving around and killing people, though, you will find it hard not to laugh. the lines that are said are completely retarded but really funny. the fact that the rest of the cast completely over-acts just adds to stupidity of the film, but it's stupidity is it's genius. the scene where the snowman is with the teenage girl is truly classic in b-movie, horror film fashion. i truly hope there is a sequel and i'll be right there to watch it on whatever cable channel does it. of course it's only fun to watch the first few times and it's not exactly a good work of motion picture technology, but i just like to see snowmen kill people. i gave it a 7 out of 10, this is a great movie for dates and couples in the late hours.

this movie is goofy as hell! i think it was written as a serious film, but then when it came time to film, michael cooney said "hey, let's throw in some humor and spice it up!" the characters are actually slightly developed, too. oh, and the death sequences are the best. one thing i hate, though, was the hairdryer-weapons. what was that all about?

okay, here's what i think about jack frost. i looked at the morphing box for the vhs tape and i thought to myself, this looks interesting. i rent it and i take it home. boy was i right, it is interesting. they put serial killer's spirits in dreams, in walking corpses and inside every day machines. but this has got to be the most unique place to put the spirit of a serial killer. inside the body of a snowman. i liked all the friendly snowman images littering the landscape, the pot holder, the snow globe, etc. i like the actor who played jack, he put some fun into a killer really not seen since freddy krugger. that's right, i said it. freddy krugger. it's that level of "cool". i wish some of the puppet effects were better, the mouth movements could have matched better. but i chalk that up to a small budget. the cast does a great job, there are some great one liners and scares to make any hardcore horror fan jump. all and all, a great story, good effects, great dialog and a great cast. i give jack frost...9 stars

i saw jack frost for £4:00 at my local store and i thought it looks pretty good for a low budget movie so i bought it and i was right it was good. for starters this film is about a killer snowman so that's something to laugh about and the way it looks was funny compared to the snowman on the cover. the acting was okay and the lines jack frost said had me laughing "i only axed you for a smoke" and "worlds most pi**ed off snow cone" how funny and camp is that? the tale at the start was pretty funny and silly too "jack be nimble, jack be quick, jack gouged eyes with candle sticks". if you're looking for a for a b-movie comedy horror that's full of puns then check jack frost out. 10/10

jack frost is about a serial killer who is sentenced to death. on the way to his death sentence the prison truck that he rides in collides with a chemical tanker filled with a chemical that turns his molecules with the snow on the ground turning him into a snowman. being a killer himself that would turn him into a killer snowman. jack now wants revenge on the sheriff who caught him. jack now starts his rampage all over again killing people in a small town.i don't think jack frost has a chance of becoming a horror classic but its a entertaining flick. just put your brain on hold and have fun with it, but just don't take it too seriously.

yes this a b- grade horror. but at least the producers, directors, and cast does not pretend this flick is manna from heaven. the plot is corny, a psychotic serial killer on his way to execution is splashed with genetic acid turning him into a snow man. the snowman a.k.a. jack frost then goes on a murdering rampage to find the small town sheriff that finally arrested him. with a limited budget the crew had to make do with limited special effects, most of the money appears to spent on the snowman's costume. particullary difficult shots are managed by cartoons or pan away shots (shots where the camera moves away to disguise the details).  this is no kid's movie and should not be confused with disney movie of the same title. if you do not let your children watch pg-13 movies alone than parents should not let their kids watch this movie. this movie has two claims to fame. 1. the beatiful shannon elizabeth (american pie)did her first major movie role. the scene where jack frost attacks shannon elizabeth is worth watching a few times. 2. this movie has the worst snowman joke ever. the joke is so bad that the directors credit the joke teller in the credit list.

note that i did not say that it is better...just more enjoyable. the lack of social commentary and realism helps keep things moving.i was actually sort of surprised that this was not a troma movie, as it has all the troma trademarks, including spewing acidic liquids, wisecracks from the villain after every murder, a ridiculous bathtub rape scene (which is sort of hard to get upset about, since the rapist is a snowman), and dumb deputies.there's a lot to love: 1. a snowman, about whom it is remarked that he has no legs or feet, drives a police cruiser around town.2. even though it is supposed to be close to (or below) freezing, nobody's breath shows and there are no signs of car exhaust when cars are running.3. the snow reminds you more of flocking or styrofoam peanuts than actual snow.4. a teenage girl gets the hots for her boyfriend just a few hours after her brother is gruesomely murdered. she talks him into breaking into the sheriff's house, of all places, in order to get it on. but first, she tells him that he has to build a nice fire in the fireplace and open some wine.5. after teen-aged jake's head is cut off by a sled runner, his father argues with the sheriff about whether tommy, the sheriff's son, had anything to do with it. the sheriff maintains that tommy wouldn't have been fighting with jake because jake "is at least two feet taller than tommy." at that moment, someone in the background chimes in, "not anymore!" 6. when the evil snowman finally starts to melt away, the sheriff wrestles with a flat snowman made out of some sort of fabric for an extended period. this is much better than tarzan wrestling with rubber crocodiles or gladiators wrestling with stuffed lions. if i were an actor, i would not have been able to keep a straight face at this point.all in all, a fun film. there's not really even that much blood.

please, future writers, producers, directors - learn from this movie!never before have i seen such a bold and original tale created for the big movie screen. bold, because the script constantly made a step so many fantasy movies safely avoided - a step to something new, creative and daring. just when you think 'oh, i've seen this before' or 'i am sure this is what will happen now' - stardust would make an unexpected twist and involve you more and more into the story.the actors are great - even the smallest part is performed with such talent it fills me with awe for the creators of this movie. robert de niro is gorgeous and performs with such energy that he simply steals the show in each scene he's in. michelle pfeiffer is the perfect witch, and claire danes a wonderful choice for the innocent and loving 'star', yvaine. other big names make outstanding roles. i had the filling everyone is trying to give his best for this movie. but once again, the story by neil gaiman, all the little things he 'invented' for this universe - simply outstanding.i watched this movie at a pre-screening today, a day before the official release, and do hope it will have huge success. there is so much humor, but also tense moments as well as lovely tender scenes. the look in the eyes of yvaine, the 'frivolities' of captain shakespeare, the passion of lamia the witch - impressive, unforgettablefor me this is the number one entertaining movie of 2007, watch it and enjoy it11/10 - outstandingpeace and love

surprisingly good. the acting was fun, the screenplay was fun, the music was cheesie fun, the plot was stupendously fun. this was a fun movie to watch and to give your brain some rest. parts of the plot and quotes i found to be very creative. 7 out of 10. actually for what it was, it would deserve a 10 out of 10. you are not supposed to compare this to an arthouse film or to a bloody slasher film.

this is one of the funniest movies that i have seen this year. the people that made it must be so incredibly whacked and twisted. it is a beautiful thing. there were a lot of quality one-liners. this movie blew uncle sam out of the water (it was made by tha same people, i think)

i'm glad that users (as of this date) who liked this movie are now coming forward. i don't understand the people who didn't like this movie - it seems like they were expecting a serious (?!?!?) treatment! c'mon, how the hell can you take the premise of a killer snowman seriously? the filmmakers knew this was a silly premise, and they didn't try to deny it. the straight-faced delivery of scenes actually makes it funny! yes, there are times where the low budget shows (such as that explosion scene), but i think an expensive look would have taken away from the fun of the movie! so if you like b-movies, and the goofy premise appeals to you, then you'll certainly like "jack frost".

easily the greatest low budget horror film of all time. i first saw this movie when i was around nine years of age, and i have to say that it scared the hell out of me. now that i'm all growed up, however, i see this movie for what it really is... a work of genius. everyone, or at least everyone with any taste, has dreamed of seeing a snowman going around killing people, even if they won't admit it. i have always found something genuinely frightening about snowmen, so naturally, for a horror junkie such as myself, thismovie was a dream come true. some people say that this movie is silly, or otherwise void of any intelligence... it's a movie about a serial killer snowman, what the hell did you expect? anyone who gave this film a low score is obviously too uptight to sit back and have a good laugh at stupid one-liners and cheap gore. i love this movie for what it is, a comedy, and until the movie industry wises up and makes a serious horror flick about a killer snowman (which seems impossible, unfortunately) i will forever hold this great piece of indie horror close to my heart.

what a wonderful, fanciful movie "stardust" is.i could easily end it with that one statement and suffice to say, one could take it as a very strong recommendation to go see it.at a time when hollywood seems bent on forcing remakes and sequels down our throats, "stardust" makes us remember why we go to the movies in the first place - to escape reality for a couple of hours and explore other lives, other times, or other planets. ironically, "stardust" takes us to all three places effortlessly and with a childlike glee we all long for."stardust" is full of all the characters we remember as children: princes, witches, pirates, ghosts and scoundrels. it has the damsel in distress, the hero, the rogues, the obstacles, spells, antidotes, charms, and even a touch of light-speed to make it quasi modern."stardust" is about a man from the town of wall, which is conveniently situated next to a wall that separates their town from a magical kingdom. the only way past the wall is through a breech that is diligently guarded by a scruffy old codger (played wonderfully by david kelly). one day a young man from wall named ben barnes out maneuvers the old guard and escapes through the breech. he happens upon an enchanted kingdom called stormhold where he meets a chained (and very sexy) young lady named una. she is held captive by a witch and leashed by an unbreakable chain. while the witch is away, una seduces ben and sends him on his way. ben returns to wall without incident and continues his life. but nine months later he is summoned to the wall breech where the old guard hands him what you might expect - a baby boy.the boy, named tristan grows up to be a rather hapless young man (charlie cox) who is smitten with a girl way out of his league and also betrothed to another. nevertheless, the young lady (named victoria and played sienna miller) goes out once with tristain and he confesses his love to her. after they espy a falling star, she tells him he can have her if he retrieves the star and brings it back to her. he agrees and sets out on his quest, which will take him to the other side of the wall.meanwhile in the kingdom of stormhold, the old king (perfectly played by peter o'toole) is dying. he calls his remaining living sons to tell them who shall succeed him to the throne. his sons' names are primus, secondus, sextmus, and septimus. the other sons where killed by the other brothers in a humorous competition to see who lives to get the throne.anyway, he tosses his ruby charm to the sky and voila, that what brings the star to earth.the star crashes in the form of a beautiful woman named yvaine (clare danes) and she, of course, is wearing the charm. but little does she know she is now being persuaded by tristain, the princes, and also an aging witch named lamia (michelle pfeiffer) who wants to cut out the stars heart to regain her own youth.complicated? yes. but it all comes together as the adventure unfolds.tristain is the first to find yvaine but is so blinded by his devotion to victoria he doesn't recognize the growing bond between he and yvaine. his initial interest lie only in returning yvaine to victoria as proof of his love. but he must get past the princes and lamia first. the princes aren't that big an issue as they are constantly trying to kill each other - and just as in "pirates of the caribbean" - never has death been so funny. but tristain also encounters the witch who enslaved his mother (though he doesn't know it's his mother) and a band of flying pirates led by robert deniro.his is the most important character in the movie and deniro plays it to a tee. he steals the movie with his toughness and soon we learn an undercover secret that will leave audiences on the floor with laughter. though his role is small in length, deniro is extraordinary!michelle pfeiffer is wonderful as lamia - a sexy evil witch. claire danes is most appropriate as the confused and distressed yvaine. she makes a perfect damsel. jason flemyng, adam buston, rupert everett, and mark strong add the perfect dose of levity as the fighting princes whom, as they die return as ghosts ala "blithe spirit" and "high spirits".moreover director matthew vaughn, whose only other directing experience was "layer cake", weaves an enchanting tale that everyone will enjoy."stardust" may be too complex for young children, but anyone over the age of 13 will want to see this movie multiple times. it's that good. "stardust" is what movies are supposed to be. perfectly written, perfectly cast, perfectly directed, and perfectly acted. in other words...perfect.

this is the epitome of fairytale! the villains are completely wicked and the heroes are refreshingly pure. danes, deniro,and pfieffer are wonderful as well as the new actor who plays the role of tristan. outstanding performances, delightful magic, funny and dramatic, and a perfect fairytale ending make this film absolutely fabulous! i'm not so sure all content is appropriate for younger children but for an older audience, there are plenty of hilarious subtleties! the previews do not do this movie justice! my fiancé and i were quite skeptical but were so thrilled we had taken a chance on this movie that i can only hope to assure anyone on the fence about this movie to give it a try!

if any style of film could be called my "guilty pleasure", it'd be this generic fantasy type. guilty is the wrong word for it, though, as i'm pretty pleased to be an escapist from time to time. "stardust" is good stock fantasy, the likes of which one should expect from neil gaiman (or gaiman adaptation, as it were). it isn't the visual dream-scape of mirrormask, it isn't the adult pretension of pan's labyrinth, and it isn't the fun-loving classic the princess bride, but it contains just what the fantasy-lover is familiarized enough with to be completely comfortable during the entire viewing. fantasy lovers should rejoice--special effects work has finally become good enough and cheap enough that this stuff is in regular production now.the story of stardust involves a young man named tristan who, in order to gain the love and approval of the most beautiful girl in their small town of wall, goes on an adventure to retrieve a fallen star. to make things difficult, however, tristan's fallen star is actually a woman named yvaine, and he's not the only one looking for her... some witches have their greedy eyes on the immortality the star's heart can give, and a brother's feud over the magic kingdom leads murderous princes in her direction.from there it's all pretty predictable, but it involves some attractive fantasy elements, some warm-hearted commentary on the nature of love, and the best part, robert deniro as a gay pirate. on that note, deniro's performance is spot-on... it's not the excessive lisp that most actors use to portray gay people, but a surprisingly effective one from someone used to being seen as a rough-and-gruff typecast character (thus the ongoing joke surrounding his character matching deniro's own opening up into alternate forms of acting). deniro hasn't been so unique to his own image since brazil, and that's saying something.stardust is the type of movie, perhaps, that will subsist on children's and fantasy-lover's shelves for a long time. i can't say it offers anything new, but it's not really there to. it's actually those most familiar with it's tropes that will enjoy it the most.--polarisdib

greetings again from the darkness. this one will be compared to "the princess bride" and although it doesn't measure up to that classic, it is extremely entertaining and well made in its own right. the story line is a bit odd and the whole wall thing is never really explained, but the execution is fine, even building up strong suspense.charlie cox plays tristan, who falls for the wrong girl (sienna miller), and agrees to fetch her a fallen star ... who happens to be played by the stunning claire danes. not much suspense on what happens with these two, but the suspenseful part comes in with the wicked witch played by michelle pfeiffer and the prince son of king peter o'toole looking to reclaim the ruby necklace our "star" is wearing. lots of bad chasing the good.along the way, an encounter with the strangest pirate you will see (including any from the carribbean). robert deniro plays captain shakespeare - tough on the inside, and shall we say in touch with his feminine side. another encounter involves the brilliant ricky gervais as a fast talking trader and that is good for a couple of laughs.not your typical chase, coming of age, or fantasy film, but director matthew vaughn's ("layer cake") effort deserves an audience. sadly the poor marketing campaign will probably prevent it from making any money. my guess it will find big success on video.

this movie is wonderful.i was 'enchanted', i should say, and surprised because of how uniquely it was done. the cast, the sequencing, the effects...everything! magnificent! i mean, it was a love story, yes, but what made it outstanding from the rest was that it was told in an entertaining, wholesome manner.for me, it is the representation of modern fairy tale. it's like the modern peter pan...simply amazingi surely would buy a copy of this the moment it hit the market.this movie is really a double must see one...!!!! 10 stars for that!

i anticipated this movie to be decent and possibly cliché, but i was completely wrong! charlie cox (i had never heard of him until now) played an incredibly good leading man; he was so earnest and romantic, me and my friend that saw the movie with me totally fell in love with him.claire danes, who i did like before (loved her in romeo and juliet), made me enjoy her even more. her acting was fantastic, i couldn't even tell that she was american. the chemistry between her and charlie cox was extremely good, the casting was quite perfect.robert deniro and michelle pfeiffer were equally well-casted; deniro as that gay pirate...priceless, priceless. i laughed so hard at that one scene where septimus comes on the ship...oh my god, wow. pfeiffer played a decent villain, i liked her as the snippy mother in hairspray. but she had the right amount of melodrama and snide comments throughout the movie. overall, it was funny (but not slap-stick at all!), romantic, the special effects weren't totally frequent but when they were, they were great; the cameos from ricky gervais and peter o'toole were also well-placed. i totally recommend this movie to anyone who likes fantasy movies like the princess bride or even lord of the rings. it kept my interest the entire time and i will be buying the dvd when it comes out!

the beautiful story of stardust is written by by neil gaiman (writer of mirrormask) and it's really a good story. i think it would appeal to any labyrinth, princess bride or 10th kingdom fan and yet it's totally unique and stands up on it's own. and i feel the film adaptation of this story has a far better ending than what was presented in the original novel by neil gaiman. i won't spoil it for you.the main character, tristan (tristran in the novel), is the son of a mortal and a faerie slave kept by a witch in the realm of faerie. the story begins in a town near a wall that separates the magical world from the human world. when there is a falling star tristan promises to retrieve it for a girl he is infatuated with. he is unaware that the star has taken the form of a girl in the fairy world and that there are others after her too. three elderly witches who want to use her heart to become young again, and some bickering princes.it's a really good story. it has humor and magic and beautiful, surreal scenes and visuals. it's charming and i feel it can be watched by children and adults of all ages. it's simply magical. it's a true classic fairy tale, the likes of which i haven't seen in cinema since the 1980s.

as a massive fan of fantasy in general, and of the works of neil gaiman *in particular*, i've been looking forward to this film so avidly, so hungrily and with such a bittersweet mixture of anticipation and fear of disappointment that i can scarcely believe it's finally here. and you know what? i needn't have feared, the film version is bl**dy awesome. different from the book, but in a good way - less whimsical, more comical, still deeply sweet and enchanting.the special effects are absolutely spot-on, and make magic feel a natural and proper part of the world of wall without being overtly spectacular and intrusive.proper attention has been paid to storytelling and pacing, and the casting in the main is a triumph, with the ghostly princes (whose roll-call read almost as a "who's who" of currently cool british comedy - rupert everett, david walliams of little britain fame, two of the blokes from green wing etc) stealing most of the best lines and pretty much all of the films' funniest moments, which exist in abundance. in fact, the one minor criticism i have at all of the film is that sometimes the comedy elements become a little ott, subtlety goes out of the window to the detraction of the main story.... ricky gervais' cameo, for example, was far too much just "ricky gervais doing his usual david brent from the office comedy persona" for my liking, and in my opinion, created an unwelcome and jolting break from the magical spell of the progressing story (though in fairness, from memory i believe the ferdy character in the original book was pretty "ricky gervais"-esquire when i think back on it)....but this is a minor quibble in an otherwise immaculately cast and scripted fairytale with a good mixture of action and romance. charlie cox, as the protagonist tristan, captures the correct mixture of naivety, subtle comedy and self-realisation required for a story like this where a "humble young boy embarks on life-changing quest"; claire danes as yvaine is beautiful, feisty and just ever so slightly alien or ethereal, a perfect interpretation of her stellar role; robert de niro, in the cameo every reviewer is talking about, is indeed deserving of praise, rollicking good fun (looks like he's having a ball, too)... and michelle pfeiffer is triumphantly cool and nasty as wicked witch lamia, my favourite performance of the film overall. if you enjoyed her deliciously b!tchy performance in the recent "hairspray" then you will thoroughly enjoy her in this, too.so to round off this review: you will laugh, for sure, you will smile, and you may even cry - stardust is a beautiful, heart-warming fairytale for all the family, with a heart of gold and more sass 'n smarts than is immediately apparent. one of my all-time favourite films is the absolutely fantastic princess bride, and stardust is being readily likened to this with good reason as it is a very similar type of film exploring similar themes and territory.... and just as the princess bride remains fresh, smart and funny twenty years after its initial release, i believe that the delicious tongue-in-cheek sweetness of stardust will be showing up as a family favourite on our televisions (or equivalent future device!) for many years to come.

while i don't consider myself a big fan of fairy tale movies, stardust intrigued me based on seeing michelle pfeiffer in the trailers as a villain (especially since i was about to see her as the bossy velma von tussle in hairspray). boy, is she so convincingly evil here as a witch, especially with her age-ugly makeup in the beginning and end! robert de niro is also great as the pirate captain who's forced to hide "in the closet" to protect his "reputation"! just about all the actors like claire danes, rupert everett, ricky gervais, peter o'toole and many others do fine work here. while danes and pfeiffer are classic beauties, there's also stunning faces of sienna miller, olivia grant (as girl bernard), and kate magowan especially when we first meet her. newcomer charlie cox is fine as the lead tristan and he looked so much like his father dunstan as a young man that i thought that was him in early scenes with magowan (actually ben barnes). many comments have compared this to the princess bride and while i can see some resemblances, the main difference was that with pb, you always knew it was just an imaginary tale as told by an old man to his grandson. stardust makes you believe, for the most part, that what you're seeing and hearing could have actually happened even with all the hilarity that happens throughout. so on that note, i highly recommended stardust.

there are not many movies around that have given me a feeling like stardust did all throughout the course of the film. as magically fairy-tale-like as the princess bride, stardust is most definitely the most wonderful fantasy spectacle of the 2000's as well as the 1990's. exciting, hilarious and equipped with wonderful imagery as well as unforgettable characters, michelle pfeiffer and robert deniro's especially, i challenge anyone to watch this movie without a smile. from the first ten minutes of the film you know perfectly well how it will end, but it is the journey and not the destination that enthralls the viewer from start to finish.ten stars, and not a decimal less.

the summer has been so full of blockbusters and comebacks of films, and not to mention some of the disappointments of those comebacks, that i was woe to find a film i could just sit down and enjoy. in case you don't want to read further down the page (there aren't any spoilers), i'll sum it up here: it's more mature than ella enchanted (there are some questionably violent parts, plenty of death, and a handful of scenes with a little blood, not for small children), but doesn't try to be overly corny or overstep its bounds. think of it as a bit more serious, bit more magical princess bride, and you'll be close. -------------------------------------------------------------i am, perhaps, not as prodigious a movie goer as others... maybe once or twice a month, if i feel active. i'm also a huge sci-fi/fantasy fan. i get bored of remade repetitive story lines and films with more flash than filling faster than you can count to 10, and this film is the diamond in the rough.by the end here (august), i was tired enough of fractured expectations from the big hits that i averted seeing bourne ultimatum in favor of stardust. having had my hopes thoroughly muddied by transformers for my fiction addiction, the previews of stardust seemed appealing, but i was certainly wary.as many others here, i was utterly surprised. i had gone in thinking to see another generic fantasy movie clichéd from here to breakfast. don't be fooled, it is most definitely a fairy-tale, and it does indeed have witches, magic, and utterly requires suspension of disbelief... but the most refreshing thing i found, is that it's not based on anything i've seen or read in the past 15 years, and it's actually a really good movie.((unlike 90% of the other movies which seem to persistently re-appear like thorns in a side, perhaps a sign that hollywood is running out of ideas? i could read a book this year, and in two years the movie would be out as another "epic fantasy tale, the likes of lotr and the rest" so says the nyt and such and such no doubt.))stardust didn't have me bolted to my seat because of jam-packed action at every turn, nor was i sweating bullets because of plot-hook after plot-hook threatening to tear the dramatic tension apart and echo throughout the theater in a loud boom. it didn't even use enormous blasts of sound to grab my attention to what's happening on screen (transformers, i'm looking at you). it's not trying to show off the latest cgi techniques, nor did it offend my intelligence with dimwitted dialogs and story lines that are simple enough i could've figured them out in 3rd grade (boy i hate those). i just... watched. watched, and enjoyed a refreshingly creative storyline unfold before my eyes. sure, i may have known what was going to happen throughout most of the film, but it makes you forget that. it even made my heart twinge at some parts, but the most important aspect i noticed is that i left the theater feeling better than when i'd gone in.it truly is a gem. after so much slush this summer with so many remakes and films that fell short of my expectations, this was like a cold sweet cup of tea to cap off all the hard work i'd done sitting through the others trying to come out of them with my money's worth.it's probably not for everyone, but do yourself a favor; if you enjoy fantasy films that stand the test of time alone (princess bride, black cauldron, the dark crystal, etc.) then you should really see this movie. this little diamond is finding its way into my dvd collection the moment it hits stores, you can trust me on this.simply wonderful.

this afternoon we took the kids to the movies and saw neil gaimans stardust and all i can say is wow.it is rare that i am completely taken aback by anything but this is quite possibly the greatest fantasy movie i have ever seen, maybe even the best movie of any kind and it is all neil gaiman's fault.sure, i could have been sucked in by the wonderful dialog which was smart, flowed smoothly,and made the characters completely believable.i could go on for days about the spectacular acting, charlie cox is perfect as tristan, claire daines is brilliant as yvaine, and robert di nero almost steals the movie as the deeply in the closet pirate captian shakespeare.the pure joy brought about by the humor which managed to be laugh our loud funny, intelligent enough to make the first shrek look like an 80's sitcom, and blend in perfectly with the rest of the movie alone would have made this a great movie.special effects were near perfect, true this was no lotr or star wars sf extravaganza but where they were use they were exactly what was called for, not too much to distract you from the movie itself and blended into the story perfectly.then there is the story? what can i say. how often do you come across a story containing all of the classic fairytale formula components that doesn't just come off as another cheap princess bride knockoff. it manages to be familiar and comfortable and yet completely new and refreshing at the same time.any one of those things would have made this a good movie, all of them combined make it a great movie but they pale in comparison to the rich enchanting world that those elements combine to bring to life well. once again neil gaiman has done it, he has driven another dagger into my heart by creating a world of fantasy that is so beautiful and enchanting that i would do almost anything to live in it and only given me a short glimpse into it. i didn't want it to end, i wanted to be sucked through a vortex to the land of stormhold and get to meet tristan and yvaine in person, to travel it's fields and valleys, stroll through it's marketplaces and meet it's residents both dangerous and friendly and stay there forever. it is a feeling that i have noticed whenever i have read anything by gaiman, the sandman, american gods, coraline all left me with a deep sense of sadness when i finished reading them because it was over, i could not see anything more into the worlds he had created which seemed to be so much more vibrant and alive than the one i am forced to live in and watching stardust was no different.in the end i'm sure that neil's writing and this movie won't have the same effect on everyone but trust me when i say you will not regret the time or money spent watching this movie, it is easily one of the top 5 movies i have ever seen and i can guarantee that anyone at all with a soul will at least like it.

the power to dream is a wonderful thing. there's a saying, "not all dreamers achieve, but all achievers dream." by exploring our imagination we shape our own futures. or build empires. perhaps overcome our fears, limitations and obstacles. gain wisdom and benefit mankind. or (put simply) just find our way to true love and happiness. freud might express such things in symbols. the language of fantasy.tristan ventures out of a rather twee english village called wall. he goes through a break in the wall. a portal. in search of something that will prove his love to victoria (sienna miller). victoria doesn't take him very seriously. so he pledges to bring back a falling star.stormhold is the world outside the wall. he discovers the fallen star has taken the form of a beautiful girl, yvaine (claire danes). to complicate matters, three evil witches want to get hold of yvaine. if they can eat her heart, it will replenish their youth. (one of the witches is played by michelle pfeiffer, who does fabulous young-old transformations of looks and manner.) the 'good guy' they meet on their way is captain shakespeare (robert de niro). he has a fierce, swashbuckling pirate exterior but is a sweetie closet queen underneath. heirs of stormhold meanwhile are engaged in a pitched battle over inheriting the kingdom. ricky gervais is an added extras. a buffoon trader throwing in standard gervais-type gags well. tristan's purity of spirit arouses the love of yvaine, so there is a nice little triangle going. till he achieves the maturity to discern pedestal divas from real women.stardust is a full-on, large scale fantasy that does credit to its myriad stars. wholly positive, and written with a clarity that makes it more worthy of psychoanalysis that a coven full of harry potter romps. production values rival hollywood, and the storyline is free of the racial stereotyping, misogyny, religious or class agendas than shape and pervert so many large scale fantasies.that is not to say that stardust is without its faults. plot and dialogue have many predictable elements, and the fairytale quality may be too saccharine for some audiences. but if you want an excuse to let your heart fly, this film may well provide it.as a boy, i remember listening in wonder to albums by the moody blues (who practiced in a house not far from where i lived). they made records with names like "in search of the lost chord," and wrote lyrics like, "thinking is the best way to travel." i would fill my head with books on magic and mystery, from timothy leary to aleister crowley. shaping dreams. learning to make them real. nowadays people might talk of nlp or positive thinking. adults that remember how to dream with the force of youth but with the vision and application of maturity. do you still enjoy that feeling?you are advised not to wait for stardust on dvd. see it on the biggest cinema screen you can find. and dolby digital surround sound if you can get it. the actors look like they had a ball. maybe you will too.

except for an awkward scene, this refreshing fairy tale fantasy has a fun and delightful undercurrent of adult cynical wit that charms its way into the audience as well as a soundtrack that powerfully moves this fairy epic along. except for one of the robert deniro scenes that doesn't come across smooth and appears out of sync with the tone of the rest of the movie, this luscious romantic fairy tail has a great storytelling feel and the strong magic and the fine balance between serious adventure scenes and the lighter spiritual humor is well done. in the updated tradition of the princess bride this contemporary presentation of magic and love is captivating. eight out of ten stars.

this movie is a lot of fun. the actors really make the movie go the distance though. without giving away the plot, i would describe it as a new princess bride cult favorite that should stand the test of time. you get to see a whole different side to robert deniro in this movie! (worth the price of admission just for that!) all the elements are there from adventure to romance, and well placed comedy.people of all ages will enjoy it. (my parents even did!) good special effects, may be scary for the little ones. good date movie. great for some escapism.deserves an a. (hope it does well at the box office)

the 14 year-old in me is immensely happy that they're now able to make really good looking fantasy movies, and that they're all the rage, what with lord of the rings, harry potter and the chronicles of narnia making loads of cash at the box office. this year will see (and already has seen) several more, most notably the golden compass, which has the most exciting trailer i've seen this year. stardust, based on a novel by neil gaiman, showed up in theaters this week with little more than a peep. i saw no previews for it, only a couple of commercials. the critical reaction is kind of blah. i wouldn't even have seen it if not for the fact that i have to wait on a friend to see the bourne ultimatum, and that nothing else interesting opened this weekend. well, if you'll forgive the horrible pun, the stars must have been rightly aligned, because i went to see stardust, and i loved it. it's not a huge movie like lord of the rings. the plot line is your very basic fantasy quest (the hero sets out to look for a fallen star) filled with obstacles. but within that basic outline, the story is lively and imaginative. it's simply aiming to be a lot of fun, and a charming little romance. and it succeeds wonderfully. there were a lot of big films this summer, but none of them were nearly as fun as this one. there's a lot going on, but the story is told well and is almost entirely coherent. it isn't a masterpiece, but it definitely can occupy the same kind of ground that something like the princess bride has (though i don't like it quite as much as the earlier film). a lot of fun to be had here if you're a fan of the genre.

using buster keaton in the twilight of his career was an interesting choice. he may have been the most talented comedian of the silent age. this gives him a chance to display those talents in a little time travel story. he get hooked up with a guy living in modern times, and it becomes obvious that we are best left in our own times keaton is able to do his sight gags very well. i've heard his voice before. i believe he did some of those beach party films, playing some vacuous characters just to earn a few bucks. serling seemed to have respect for him and portrayed him that way. it's not a bad story. it shows how one reacts when we wish for something we don't have and get that wish.

well now, this was certainly a surprise episode. in this anthology science fiction series, with all of this alien beings, extraordinary occurrences and many brushes with the hereafter, this episode would certainly rate as unusual. its seemingly insignificant settings apparently not imparting any morale at story's end. or does it? kicking off with the silent movie form, no recorded dialog, but having musical accompaniment. in this case it's on the sound track, not utilizing the playing of organ or piano by an on sight musician. this part of the episode, along with the ending section, also made liberal use o title cards, just like "the old time movies." while these titles are a bit exaggerated and overdone, they are made so intentionally and with an affection for rather than any contempt for the silent film.veteran comedy film director, norman z. mcleod, was the man in the chair for this half-hour installment. he had been the director of many of the greatest comedies of all time, featuring people like the marx brothers, w.c. fields, harold lloyd and danny kaye. he was no stranger to to tv, as he had done a lot of work on television series.it doesn't appear that he and mr. keaton had ever worked together before(as i cannot find any evidence of this)' but judging by the outcome of the film, they succeeded in doing so with flying colors! anyone who directed keaton was aware that buster was also a fine comedy director as well as a comedy player. he was just as comfortable behind the camera as he was in front of it. their short partnership must have been a harmonious one, with 'give and take' about how to do things. it is apparent that many of the gags were keaton's, resurrected from his own silent picture days. for example, the gag of putting the pair of pants on with rollo's(stanley adams assistance was done by keaton and roscoe "fatty" arbuckle in one of the arbuckle 2 reelers, the garage (1919). that was a clear example of his craft in a nutshell.buster knew that we film our world with a camera, rendering it a two dimensional image. this one fact is at the bottom of so many of gags. it is a cardinal rule for his film making.the cast was small and once again just chock full-of veteran talent. stanley adams was rollo and served as mr. keaton's straight man. jesse white, the old 'maytag repair man', ran the fix it shop that fixed the 'time hjelmet'. gil lamb, serene veteran of rko short comedy series, was the 1890's cop. james flavin, george e.stone, harry fleer, warren parker, and milton parsons all rounded out this largely silent cast.without spilling the beans, let's just say that yes, there is probably a lesson to be learned here. if not the one already mentioned, "the grass always looks greener on the other side of the fence!", then how about, "be careful in what you ask for, because you just may get it!"

this is a clever episode of twilight zone that was comic rather than strange or tragic. buster keaton is woodrow mulligan, a janitor from 1890 america, works in a laboratory. he is constantly griping about the life problems around him: meat is too expensive (it's like $1.00 / lb. unheard of!). he is always yelling after crazy speeders (on bicycles - autos haven't appeared yet). griping to the end, he sees a helmet like device by a scientist, and puts it on and tries it. suddenly he is in modern america. the beginning was a seven minute silent film. now it is all noise, all talking, all beeping, all blowing. keaton is here only a few minutes when he realizes that the world has changed and not for the better. he runs into stanley adams, a professor rollo, who realizes that mulligan is from c. 1890 (he mentions president cleveland). rollo has always wanted to live in that charming, quiet age. he helps mulligan get the helmet repaired, and they go back in time. rollo gets bored after awhile, due to the lack of scientific equipment that he can use. mulligan puts the helmet on him and sends him into the future. but now woodrow is fully content with the quiet, simple age he lives in. he has found contentment.in his last fifteen years buster keaton was frequently on television (many times for allan funt on candid camera, where he could help set up sight gag tricks on the public). he did make a few films as well (most notably a funny thing happened on the way to the forum and the railrodder). but he occasionally popped up in television plays and episodes. he is in his element here, presumably advising the director (old comedy film director norman mcleod - he directed the marx brothers in horse feathers) on the tricks he could do. watch how stanley adams and he time adams picking him up when he is snatching a pair of trousers he needs. in terms of timing it reminds one of gags he did in the 20s in films like sherlock jr. the episode does show keaton in fine fettle for a man in his sixties.the appearances of jesse white (here as a repairman, of all things) is always welcome. but look a bit at "professor rollo". stanley adams was a well known figure in movies and television from the 1950s onward to his tragic suicide in 1977. plump, with unkempt appearance, and heavy, booming voice, his best known dramatic role was as the wrestling promoter in the film version of requiem for a heavyweight (he wants anthony quinn to be a wrestler wearing a costume as an indian). his best known television appearance was as the space trader who introduces the crew of the starship enterprise in star trek to those furry, fertile little creatures "tribbles" (as in "the trouble with"). adams was always worth watching (like jesse white, and certainly like keaton), enhancing most of the productions he appeared in. i have never understood his suicide, but it was a sad end to a first rate character performer.

buster absolutely shines in this episode, which is the only vehicle i've seen towards the end of the career that allowed him to do the physical (and silent!) comedy that made him famous. it's still a shock to hear his gravelly voice in the talkie sequences - his voice is about the only thing i don't care for, as far as buster is concerned - but his ability to take a pratfall is still unparalleled. he even repeats some of the gags used in his early two-reelers with roscoe arbuckle.my deepest gratitude to rod serling for presenting us with this episode, and for giving buster's genius full scope. he didn't have much time (one episode) to do it in, but this is a touching tribute to hollywood's greatest genius.

this episode of twilight zone combines a silent section (1890) with melodramatic acting and sight gags, an homage to the early buster keaton films. lots of slapstick: buster falling on a bulkhead door, falling in a puddle, running around pants-less. silly scientist's invention of a time helmet, reminiscent of a flash gordon idea of what the future would be. cheap prices, like $1.95 for ladies hats, or 17 cents a pound for beef seem outrageously high to buster. even the world of 1890 is too much for buster/mulligan. how shocking when he is mistakenly transported to the "modern" world of 1960! buster was trying to go backwards! the "scientist" of that time wants to return to a calmer world, the 1890 that he has studied and admired. they go back together, and buster/mulligan is now happy and the "scientist" regrets not having electronic equipment, modern beds or an electric blanket. so buster sends him back with the crazy helmet.this twilight zone doesn't have a heavy message. since buster keaton died in 1966, it is one of his last efforts. that's enough.one other cute thing--longtime underutilized maytag man jesse white is a repairman who fixes the time helmet--foreshadowing his washing machine career.

i was not expecting much from this movie. i was given a ticket for an advanced screening. i had just gotten off of work. it was hot and i was tired. i had to wait in the movie line for 40 minutes and there seemed not to be any cool air flowing through the hallways of the theater complex.once seated in the theater, tired and frustrated, the movie started, i did not recognize any of the actors in the beginning, but the flow of the movie was perfect. right from the beginning i became consumed with the movie, getting more and more excited with each minute passing. i think this movie is destined to be a fantasy/fairytale classic. the actors were fabulous, the pace was perfect, and the ending was magical.

this movie has everything a fantasy movie should have, romance, clever witticisms, great acting and a fair dose of magic. i thoroughly enjoyed this movie and was drawn to its original plot (based on the neil gaiman novel which i am now looking to read) and colorful characters.one of the most striking things to me actually was how self contained the story is. unlike so many sci-fi fantasy movies out there right now which leave open-endings and such this was a pure fairy-tale, satisfying in and of itself with no need for a sequel.original. fun. feel-good fantasy.

ok here is how i do this. i grade movies on 10 components. each component will inherently start with 5 points. it can then lose or gain 5 points for a possible 10 or 0.mood: action, romance, comedy, drama, suspense - i give this component 10 points. it had a perfect balance of all five aspects. the action was fun and exiting. the romance was not overdone, but still very emotional and moving. i laughed hard and long throughout the movie and still i was captivated by the fantastic drama, and riveting suspense.plot - i give this component 10 points. i thought all the good fairy tales had already been told. i found my self, sitting in the theatre, returned to my childhood, and in that instant i again believed in unicorns, wicked witches, and falling stars that make dreams come true.cinema photography - i give this component 8 points. while the movie captured the story very well in the majority of the angles, i found my self more than once trying to figure out what happened just off camera.fx - i give this component 10 points. i love that they used c.g.i. sparingly. the epic scenes were believable. the magical powers were frighteningly realistic. all in all less is more, and this had it all! cast - i give this component 10 points. no names and seasoned actors alike, the cast was amazing! michelle pfeiffer was wonderfully wicked, charlie cox made tristan come to life, claire danes gave emotion to the stars, and i will never look and robert de niro the same again.acting - i give this component 10 points. even the newbie actors played their rolls to perfection. once again, i will never look and robert de niro the same again.character development - i give this component 9 points. this felt a little rushed and i think if the movie had been a bit longer they could have done the characters a little better justice.dialogue - i give this component 10 points. the dialogue was smart, witty, fun even the mush had good dialogue.score - i give this component 7 points. i can honestly remember only one small piece of music from the entire movie. i am not complaining beyond the fact that the music could be more memorable.ending - i give this component 9 points. almost perfect ending! i feel that certain aspects of the ending should have been more pronounced, while others could have been more subdued, but no threads were left untied.total: 93% buy the dvd? hel yes! see it in the theatre? most definitely! bottom line: excellent movie for everyone! epic! i strongly recommend seeing it in the theatre, i know i'll be going back for seconds!

stardust another guarded review (originally written june 15, 2007)the marketing machine has only just begun for this one (no site yet? wth?), so i doubt most of you have heard about it. in truth, i hadn't either (sort of). when i got the posting, i thought it was another code name and was actually worried it was transformers, one of the movies i want to see when not working so i an enjoy it 100% as a mere mortal movie-goer. turns out, it wasn't transformers and i had been aware of it way back when as 'that neil gaiman movie'. what is it about? well, in short, it's a gaiman fairy tale about a boy and a fallen star. any more than that and i'd be giving away plot info which is (a) a breach of contract, and (b) spoiling your fun. if you really want to know what it's about, go buy the book. rumour has it, gaiman might be something of a writer.not knowing what to expect in a movie can be so pleasant if the surprise is worthwhile. and for this one, it certainly was. this screening was 'special' in that it included not just film critics, but also exhibitors (they rarely have a mixed screening) and local sci-fi/fantasy folks. so, you know the expected audience, right? i mean, with this crowd and the title of stardust, i knew what to expect.oh how sweetly wrong i was.yes, it is a fairy tale written by an author famed in comic bookdom. but it was not lord of rings. it was not even another lord of the rings wannabe (ahem, eragon). it was much more intimate than all that.but, like lord of the rings, it was the, well, humanism of the film which sells the fantastical qualities. it's surely a romantic tale, but with generous splashes of humour. and that humour is of the sort which is not slapstick shrekism. it's more along the lines of dramedy than comedy. before i go on, let's do this movie review thing.acting is, in the very least, good. it's always hard to say more than that for fantasy films but i do believe there were significant superbly acted roles. michelle pfieffer is not, sadly, one of those. she plays a villain, and she does the job. nothing special. rupert everett, though, he was a real jerk. that is, a great villain. peter o'toole is, well, peter frickin' o'toole -- which is marvelous. ricky gervais is perfectly cast and shows why. robert de niro seemed to be having too much fun for the most part. when he wanted to deliver the goods, though, he did. and charlie cox (who?) as the lead character was fine surprise from a guy i ain't never heard of.claire danes. claire danes. claire danes. i've always been of mixed opinion with her. she can be great, and then she can seem to miss the mark. in this, she's the former. and she is, quite literally, the star of this film. sure, her accent stumbles here and there. and, yes, she's not as good as she can be when cox isn't in the scene. however ... well, see for yourself.special effects are muted yet accomplished, and only significant where they should be. best flying ship yet -- sorry potter. direction is light-hearted and flows nicely. cinematography could have been better but not everyone films in new zealand. all else is top bracket.and now that that's done......the writing. oh, the writing! neil, you devil. it's hard in today's climate to do anything original and, at first, you begin to wonder. a kingdom, a dying king, a boy out to prove his own worth, witches, ghosts, a quest (or three) -- what's new? but gaiman's story draws you in with its surface familiarity only to subvert it all into a sweetly original tale of a boy and his heart. and, though you suspect how it's all going to turn out, you begin to wonder in the third act and -- if you're me -- find yourself pulled into the rousing climactic confrontation and hoping for the best. in the end, you'll find this story, this movie, is what all fairy tales should be but all too often are not. fantastical and real.(i wish i could talk about septimus vs tristan but i won't ruin it for you. for those who read the book, rest assured, it's done properly.)those i spoke to afterward had the same impression i did. a great film for all ages to enjoy, and the new {withheld} for this generation. the blank gets filled-in only after the movie is in wide release because, well, you might be expecting it. you'll know when you walk out, anyway. i sincerely hope stardust doesn't get lost among the tentpoles. even if it does, it'll be my pleasure to push into the hands of everyone i know.---forgot to add the {withheld} reveal. i'm a few years late, but ... "a great film for all ages to enjoy, and the new the princess bride for this generation." perhaps a bit lofty an assessment but i'm still confident that years form now, there will be the same "oh, i love that movie," response to this as there is now for the princess bride.

i really liked this movie i saw the original classic a few times but could hardly remember any details. i think this movie is much better than the cartoon its not so black and white as it. i specially liked how they made the grinch such a complete character and gave a cause of why he was the way he was, the villain in this movie was not the actual grinch but the major, much different than the original cartoon. jim carrey was perfect for the part all in all a great movie made for both kids and adults alike.

the part of the grinch was made for jim carrey and i was extremely impressed with his performance. not being a great fan of his i was apprehensive but pleasantly surprised with the outcome. taylor momsen as cindy lou who was the cutest little girl i have seen on the screen for a long time and she showed a maturity beyond her years in her acting skills. i was even drawn to tears at one point! i've never read the dr seuss book of the tale so i didnt know what to expect, the humour was quite dark. overall,i enjoyed the film (apart from the songs!) and would recommend it, for family viewing especially.

i was one of about 200 people that was lucky enough to see an early sneak of this film.stardust follows tristan a young man on a quest to find a fallen star and bring it back to the woman he loves in order to prove his love for her. the only catch is that the star has fallen on the other side of the wall, a doorway between england and a magical kingdom known as stormhold.this film was just a joy to watch, it has something in it for everyone, all of the action scenes are played out beautifully and the comedy is spread out through the film making it funny without being corny. if i had to compare the likes to another film it would probably have to be the princess bride, a classic.all the performances are outstanding, the beautiful claire danes makes you love her in her portrayal of yvaine the trusting naive star and under rated michelle pfeiffer delivers a stellar over the top performance as larnia...but the performance to talk about is robert de niro...in every scene that he is in hands down he steals the show...if you are in the mood for a funny fantasy love story this is the film. guys don't get turned off by the description there is enough action comedy and not to mention lots of eye candy with claire danes and michelle pfeiffer to keep you entertained throughout. the cinematography is dead on and keeps with the feel of the film...nothing about the film seems forced.

first an explanation on what makes a great movie for me. excitement about not knowing what is coming next will make me enjoy a movie the first time i watch it (case en point: twister). there are also other things that go into a great first viewing such as good humor (john candy in uncle buck and the great outdoors), good plot with good resolution (madeline and matilda), imaginative storytelling (all star wars episodes-george lucas is the man), and good music (again all star wars episodes, wizard of oz, sound of music). what makes me watch a movie at least six times in the theatre and buy a dvd or vhs tape? characters. with that said, i present cindy lou who and the grinch. excellent performance taylor momsen and jim carrey. the rest of the cast was very good, particularly jeffery tambor, bill irwin, molly shannon, christine baranski, and josh ryan evans. but, every single scene with cindy and the grinch-together is excellent and very funny and/or heartwarming. cindy lou is my favorite character in this movie and the most compelling reason why the movie is better than the cartoon. the grinch has a strong plot, good conflicts, and a very good theme (i can't get started because i don't want to spoil it). jim carrey was very funny as the grinch-particularly when he interacted with cindy. and the music! wow! excellent music by james horner. i loved his selection of instruments and the compositions. very good job jim carrey-i didn't know you could sing. taylor momsen! whoa! your voice is reason enough to see the movie at least once. on your solo - where are you christmas - is your voice really as high as it sounds? sounds like an f#? that is an obscene range for a 7-year old (obscene meant in the best possible way). great job. this is the best performance by a child i have ever heard in a movie(taylor beat out the von trapp children-no small feat!). and now to the actors. jim carrey was great, funny, and, surprisingly very sensitive (this really showed through in his scenes with taylor momsen). taylor momsen's unspoken expressions(one of the secrets to a good acting performance) are very strong-she really becomes cindy lou who. and when she does dialogue she is even stronger.******************************danger:spoiler alert********************* ***********************************************************************examples: expression when she first sees the grinch. this is a classic quote ("you're the the the" and then filled in with the grinch line "da da da the grinch-after which she topples into the sorter and then is rescued by the grinch). the "thanks for saving me" quote and subsequent response by the grinch was also very good.my favorite part of the movie is when cindy invites the grinch to be holiday cheermeister. this scene is two excellent actors at their best interacting and expressing with each other. little taylor momsen completely holds her own with jim carrey in this spot. i sincerely hope we see taylor momsen in many more films to come. all in all everything was great about this movie (except maybe the feet and noses).

although i really enjoyed jim carrey's latest "serious" performances ("the truman show", "man on the moon"), i've always thought his real genious lies in physical comedy. this is not to say he is a fantastic, talented actor: those bozos at the academy awards seem to dislike him so much, he has never had a (truly deserved) nomination or award. well, any "institution" that nominates for 11 oscars a bore such as "titanic" shouldn't be taken seriously.on with the review. "the grinch" is the sweetest, best looking, best acted, more enjoyable seasons film since "the nightmare before christmas". both movies seem very similar, too, with their highly stylized sets and the premise of someone stealing christmas. both make their principal actors seem like the villains (one in a higher degree than the other), both pack a strong moral lesson, and both are truly enjoyable.that is, until you realize that jack skellington is a doll, and the grinch is a human being. but a human being that is so incredibly expressive, so fluid in his movements, so cartoon-like, so unreal, that never gets in the way of the movie. he can be hilarious, he can be a sad soul, he can be angry. he lives in a 3-dimensional world, where 3-dimensional people live. he jokes, he laughs, he cries, and ultimately he saves the christmas. i loved this film to bits, and cannot wait for it to come out on dvd. this is one of those films you will really enjoy 10, 20 years from now. as timeless as they come.

in a word - excellent. this is the movie. go and see it. the director ron howard... i mean, the director ron howard did a fantastic job, as he usually does. an incredible attention to detail, vivid colors and decorations, breathtaking whoville atmosphere, astonishing variety of costumes. wait, there's more to it than that - the story is very good, too. there's clearly a message to be extracted from it by the thoughtful viewers. jim carrey is top-notch. he is probably the best grinch possible. the girl, taylor momsen, is real good. i'm sure she has some great future. the dog is cool. all in all, it's a very high quality christmas fairy-tale. if you like fairy-tales, it's for you. if you like christmas, it's for you.reading some other reviews here... get a life. it hurts me every time to see people out there who... well... got their hearts two sizes too small.

let me set the scene. it is the school holidays and there is absolutely nothing at the movies. i am with my friend deciding what to see. we look for a movie that is starting soon and "the grinch" comes up. we buy tickets not knowing what to expect. what we got was a roller coaster of fun.jim carrey (who may i add is my no.1 actor in the whole world) was absolutely magnificent as the grinch in this ron howard's best movie (next to apollo 13). the way that this movie was made, the scenery, the actors, the props and the music was just amazing. it really brought this childhood movie to life.the story is based upon the story of the grinch. as we all know the grinch is a horrible person who just can't stand christmas. he lives high above whoville and has never mingled well with the townfolk. but one little girl is going to change the grinch's look on life and on others in a drastic way.cindy lou who (played by adorable new actress taylor momsem) meets the grinch as finds the kind part of him straight away. she attempts to break the barrier and to help the grinch move in and mingle with the towns people.all up this movie is a barrel of laughs for the whole family both kids and parents. a solid 10/10. well done jim.

i'm overwhelmed by the work of jim carrey. i keep on getting this movie stuck in my head. the grinch liking martha may, cindy lou(who's very annoying; her sweet innocence) who tries to get the grinch in the christmas spirit, the childhood of the grinch (very funny!), and moreover the weak obvious ending with- christmas isn't all about presents. i have to say, i felt stupid walking out of the theater with a bunch of babies and toddlers laughing and so forth, but this movie was a good full-lengthed adaption of dr.seuss's short film and is for all ages.

the costumes and make-up were grand, there were some exceptionally funny lines, and the role was made for jim carrey. carrey did as good a job as could be done given the rather disappointing script writing. sure this was mostly a movie for kids, but if you are going to spend this much money making a movie you really ought to at least give the story enough body to go beyond that of dr seuss. i expected more from ron howard. it's worth a see, but it lacks the necessary qualities to become a major classic, by any measure.

i grew up watching, and loving this cartoon every year. i didn't think they would be able to take a half hour (20 min!) cartoon and make it a movie. they did it. with flying colours! fabulous, funny, heart warming, effective movie!

how the grinch stole christmas instantly stole my heart and became my favorite movie almost from my very first viewing. now, eight viewings later, it still has the same impact on me as it did the first time i saw it.screenwriters jeffery price & peter s. seaman of who framed roger rabbit fame do a fantastic job of adapting the story of the grinch to the screen. ron howard's direction brought the story to full life, and jim carrey's typically energetic performance as the grinch steals the show.some detractors of the film have claimed that it is not true to the spirit or principles of the original story. having read the original story, i must say i cannot agree. the movie makes the very same point about christmas and its true meaning as the original story. indeed, it enhances the impact of the story by making it more personal by showing us how and why the grinch became what he was.*mild spoilers* (they probably wouldn't ruin the movie for you... but if you haven't seen it yet and you're one of those who wants to know nothing about a story until you've seen it, you should skip the next two paragraphs.)i think just about everyone can relate to the grinch's terrible experiences in school. i think all of us, at one time or another, were the unpopular one in school who was always picked on. i know i was... and that's why i personally had so much sympathy for the grinch and what he went through.and cindy lou who's naive idealism, believing that nobody can be all bad, was heart rending. when everyone else had turned their backs on the grinch out of fear and ignorance, cindy lou was determined to be his friend. if only everyone could have such an attitude.in fact, i think the only thing that might've made the film a little better would have been to further tone down the adult humor and content. it was already pretty restrained, but any of this adult humor (like when the grinch slammed nose first into martha may whovier's cleavage) just doesn't fit in a story like this.this one's well on its way to being a christmas classic, taking a richly deserved place alongside the book and the chuck jones cartoon as a must-see of every christmas season.

jim carrey is good as usual, and even though there are quite a few "jim carrey moments", it's definitely not a "jim carrey movie".it's targeted mostly at children, and i managed to enjoy it as such movie. it was promoted in israel as another jim carrey movie, so those who expected a weird over the top comedy were disappointed.the movie has nice moments and works well as a movie for kids. i can't say i loved this movie, but then again i'm not its target audience!

jim carrey rocks! if he's in a movie its bound to be good! he did not disappoint me with this one!the rest of the cast was cute,especially little cindy lou who and martha may, i was laughing through the whole thing and cannot wait to see it again!

i went to a small advance screening of this movie on july 19th, knowing no more than the names of a few of the actors and that it was a fantasy/adventure quest of some sort.the plot line really is nothing like i have seen, and a unique story is certainly appreciated with everything else that is currently in or coming soon to theaters. in spite of what first impressions may give, it isn't cheesy, corny, tacky, or ridiculous, and is actually highly entertaining and funny. the flow is quite well done, nothing seems rushed or dragged out. the soundtrack, for lack of better words, is magical and adds much to the film, as opposed to simply filling the silence as often happens in movies or tv. and even though i might have known what was coming at points, i still couldn't bear to stop watching the screen; to my knowledge, not a single person left the theater during the entire movie.my one gripe is that there seems to be almost no marketing for this film, and as brilliant as it is i can't figure out why.

i waited and waited for this film to come out,the trailers seemed to be on for years, it was worth it. i'm not a big fan of watching films over and over again but i cant wait for this to come out for all to buy! not a big fan of jim but this suited him perfectly, there was so much to see and the 'feel good factor' is off the scale, perfect for christmas. i think ron did a fab job turning this into a film, if you haven't seen it then do so, if you have, watch it again, i know you want to!

when the grinch came out i was excited though i thought it was going to be a happy go lucky film and it was. though it did have a little nightmare before christmas touch to it. you know kind of dark and spooky. i loved this film because it helped fill people with the christmas spirit. so mostly the grinch saved christmas. and what happened then well in whoville they say that the grinch's small heart grew three sizes that day. merry grinchmas!

jim carrey shines in this beautiful movie. this is now one of my favorite movies. i read all about the making and i thought it was incredible how the did it. i can't wait till this comes out on dvd. i saw this in theaters so many times, i can't even count how times i've seen it.

what can i say. oh yeah those freaking fingers are so weird. they scare the heck out of me. but it is such a funny film, jim carrey works the grinch. if you havent already seen it then what you waiting for an invitation. go, go and get watch it. you dont know what your missing.

jim carrey can do anything. i thought this was going to be some dumb childish movie, and it totally was not. it was so incredibly funny for everyone, adults & kids. i saw it once cause it was almost out of theatres, and now it's finally coming out on dvd this tuesday and i'm way to excited, as you can see. you should definitely see it if you haven't already, it was so great!liz

i already loved "how the grinch stole christmas" when it was released and i'm still loving it now, 5 years later. still lots of people seem to disagree with my opinion and this movie never really had received much love at the time it came out.sure, the movie is over-the-top and campy but that at the very same is also the reason why this movie is so charming and fun to watch. all of the sets, costumes and characters are done perfectly over-the-top in a fun way, without ever becoming truly ridicules. it's a visually spectacular movie to watch. it's a campy movie making at its very best! director ron howard really surprises with this fun little christmas movie.main reason why the movie works and why it's so much fun to watch is jim carrey as the grinch. he truly carries the movie with his good and fun role. he is of course helped by the convincing make-up, which also received an academy award. of course if you're a jim carrey hater you shouldn't even think about watching this movie. this movie is really his movie and he makes it all work and so much fun to watch. other fun and memorable roles are being played by jeffrey tambor, clint howard and josh ryan evans as the young grinch.the movie has a good morale but it is all a bit sappy to me. perhaps it's because i'm dutch and we don't really celebrate christmas that enthusiastic and big here, as in the united states or england. for me the movie was simply fun and entertaining and the morale just left me quite cold to be honest.the musical score by james horner is good and fun, even though it's your average every day horner stuff, it still all works perfectly for the movie and helps to make some of the scene's work.perfect christmas entertainment.8/10

i thought how the grinch stole christmas was a pretty good movie.it wasn't horrible, nor was it great, but it was enjoyable to watch.i felt as if jim carrey got a little annoying at times.they made the grinch seem like a special education person, when all he needed to be was evil and devious, but yet he turned out kind of retarded.i did think the scenery, when not inside the grinch's cave, was beautiful, and there was a few parts where i laughed, but most of the time i thought it was just annoying.this movie could've been "so" much better if they had changed the grinch's personality, and they had included some more laugh scenes, because most of the humor wasn't funny.i liked how the grinch stole christmas anyway, but it's not anything to get excited about seeing.

i found this a very entertaining small kids movie that actually is geared more for adults with a lot of jokes and humor only they would understand. a few things are inappropriate for the kiddies, but just a few. othewise, "the grinch" (jim carrey) cracks so many jokes you can't keep up with them all, ranging from sexual to cultural to insider-hollywood to racial.the film is very colorful and looks great on dvd. the little girl in here, "cindy lou who" (taylor momsen) is really cute and the costumes and hairdos of the little people in here are fun to view. anthony hopkins' voice is pleasing, too, so having his narrate this elevates the movie further. his rhymes are fun to hear.i saw this in the theater, though it was "fair," but on dvd, it was far better. i've seen in three times and it got better each time.

i love this movie, but can't get what is in this movie tht is not to like. people who don't like this movie must be richard roeper and roger ebert. but i can't believe that is mr. carrey behind all that makeup. and i am sure that most of the actors and actresses in the movie has made film before this. and there is a new face in the movie. taylor momsen who plays cindy lou who. as the opens, the grinch (jim carrey) comes out of hiding. and causes some mean fun to the whos in whoville. sicne we know that the whos love christmas. while the grinch does not like christmas. and even makes fun of little cindy lou who (taylor momsen) who is the daughter of the town's postmaster (bill irwin). the movie was directed by ron howard. and the narrtor's voice is done by anthony hopkins. and jeffrey tambor (muppets from space) is cast as the mayor of whoville. who doesn't like talking about the grinch close to christmas time.

if you went to this movie to see some huge academy award presentation...oh well..but if you wanted to see a funny delightful adaptation of an old classic, you will love it..jim carey was incredible as usual. the story line was great, a few parts added like the history of the grinch made it even better. ron howard never misses a beat..but although there were a few adult comments and cleavage added, this is supped to be a kids or family show. try not to lose sight of that ..if you do you really wont enjoy the movie...and as for the comments about ron howard, try to direct a major motion picture and see how you do..its not easy as it looks ...

why are the previews so blah for a movie that is so awesome!! everyone should know what an excellent movie this is. it is engaging and funny from moment one, original, and well-acted. i wish the movie was doing itself as good press as it deserves!for anyone that loved the princess bride, labyrinth, and other truly funny and original fantasy adventure, this is one of the great ones. robert deniro is hysterical. relative newcomer charlie cox is an incredible leading man. claire danes is fantastic as always. michelle pfiefer is making quite a splash with her recent returns to the screen. there are also a lot of wonderful moments from minor characters...even down to facial expressions.

i have just read the lead comment for this film that is on the front page with the voting results and cast run down.why is it that some people can not take a film for what it is supposed to be.this film is supposed to be a light hearted, tonge in cheek, family comedy, things to make the kids laugh and things for the adults, and that is exactly what this film does.i laughed my nuts off at this film, i thought carey put in a great performance and the whole film (if watched at christmas) really give you a bit of festive cheerso to all of you film reviewers stop trying to sound like film students and knock every film because it is not "taxi driver" or "the godfather" and take films for what they are supposed to be, entertainment!!

i have been eagerly anticipating the opening of this film for several months. being a huge jim carrey fan, i easily saw how he could morph himself into seuss' grinch and make the character his own. i was not disappointed. this movie was pure magic. carrey is a master at his trade and no one could have played this role to perfection as he did. there was plenty to enjoy for both adults and children alike and this movie is sure to become a timeless classic for all to enjoy in the years to come. i already have visions of my young daughter sitting down year after year to watch this remake on video, and i undoubtedly will watch with her and laugh as i did the first time i saw it.clearly, this movie has jim carrey written all over it, and i do not believe that it would have come together without him. however, the supporting cast was charming and entertaining in their own right, most notably the adorable taylor momsen who was the perfect foil for carrey's antics. the set design, musical score and costumes all lent their hands to a magical, fabulous finished product and i believe all involved can be proud. it is not an easy feat to turn a 22 minute cartoon classic into a full length live action film, but howard has succeeded with flying colours. for those critics who disagree, perhaps it is your hearts that are 2 sizes too small.

it's this sort of movie that you try and imitate. by attempting to realise something... then flying through the air almost immediately. i'd like to do that and i know you would too!great stuff!

if the movies are to be believed, chinese ghosts are much prettier and more mischievous than their western counterparts. the storylines of the three 'chinese ghost' films are largely identical, but the direction is excellent and the detail and colour is such that it's not a huge problem. as always, humour is an integral part of the film, accompanied, of course, by a great deal of mugging. for those who haven't encountered the 'chinese ghoststory' trilogy yet, this film offers an interesting departure from the western horror/ghost genre; for those who have, another enjoyable romp in the chinese ghost world.

while essentially a remake of the original chinese ghost story, this third installment has higher production values and greater subtlety in both the acting and the story. tony leung is particularly good. cgs iii is a gorgeous, moving film.

the visuals and effects are up to par with the the original film and provide a lot of entertainment even if the storyline is essentially the same as the first two films. it also seems a lot more erotically charged than i remember the other films being. if you're a big fan of flying prehensile hair and tongues that can reach all the way down into your stomach, you'll like this film.

9/10- 30 minutes of pure holiday terror. okay, so it's not that scary. but it sure is fun.the crypt keeper (john kassir) tales a tale of holiday fear, giving us all christmas goose... gossebumps that is. bwahahahahha. you should really be careful what you axe santa for. have a scary christmas and a happy new fear. okay i'll stop.okay, so in the story, a greedy wife (best screamer in the world, mary ellen trainor) kills her husband (marshall bell, the coach who gets towel whipped to death in anoes 2) for the money. but, her plan is ruined when a crazy killer dressed in a santa suit (larry "dr. giggles" drake) comes her way.if you look it up on youtube, you can watch it for free, but most of you have already seen this (my third viewing). but if you haven't seen it, i suggest you do.

ho, ho, homicidal maniac! this spirited tour-de-force adaptation of a great ec comics horror tale is undoubtedly one of the best episodes of the cable tv series ever made. director robert ("back to the future") zemeckis makes the most out of a witty script by fred ("night of the creeps," "the monster squad") dekker which centers on a ruthless two-timing housewife (well played by mary ellen trainor, who was married to zemeckis when she starred in this episode) who kills her jilted jerk of a husband (a nice cameo by marshall bell) on christmas eve by whacking him upside the head with a fire-poker. complications ensue when a deranged murderous madman dressed up as jolly kris kringle escapes from a nearby asylum and decides to pay trainor a decidedly unfriendly visit. alan silvestri's spooky, stirring score and dean cundey's typically polished cinematography further enhance the macabre fun. and larry drake (the sweet gentle giant benny on "l.a. law"!), with his creepy hiccuping guffaw, a demented twinkle in his bright green eyes, and a leering, truly wicked grin, makes for a sensational sanguinary saint nick.

an axellent second installment that manages to be just as good as the first. once again, the casting is just wonderful. i like how the first and second episode have nothing in common except for the wit and cleverness.the second episode is just very funny, very silly and very enjoyable. it is the very first christmas episode, about a woman who is tormented by a serial killer dressed as santa after having killed her own husband. just like the first episode; karma.the most humorous scene is a tie between the murder of her husband and her phone call, first faking her fear until it becomes real.

i have watched this episode more often than any other tftc episode, it is that enjoyable. and it is quite scary, but all in good, ghoulish fun. a woman kills her 2nd husband but runs into a problem when an escaped maniac in a ragged santa claus outfit decides to pay her and her little girl a visit at that very moment. mary traynor, who i seem to remember from snl or some other tv comedy skit show, is the evil wife, and larry drake plays the lunatic in the dingy santa outfit. i had forgotten santa was played by drake over the years. his santa is an unstoppable force and quite frightening at times. you can probably guess how santa finally gets into the house. the episode is played for laughs, but it also can be pretty intense at times.

tales from the crypt: and all through the house starts on christmas eve as elizabeth (mary ellen trainor) kills her husband joseph (marshall bell), she drags his body outside ready to throw it down a well but while doing so misses an important news bulletin on the radio that says a homicidal maniac (larry drake) dressed as santa clause has escaped from a local mental asylum & has already killed several women with elizabeth next on his list but she has other ideas & tries to turn the seemingly dangerous situation to her advantage...this tales from the crypt story was episode 2 from season 1, directed by the one of the show's regular executive producers robert zemeckis and all through the house is a decent enough watch. the script by fred dekker was actually based on a story appearing in the comic 'the vault of horror' & was originally adapted to film as one episode from the britsih horror anthology film tales from the crypt (1972) which starred joan collins as the murderous wife character here played by ellen trainor. this particular version is good enough but doesn't do anything different or special & is a bit too linear & predictable to be considered a classic. at only 25 minutes in length it certainly moves along at a good pace, the story is just about macabre enough & it generally provides decent entertainment & i quite liked the downbeat ending. this time there are christmas themed opening & closing crypt keeper (john kassir) segments complete with the usual puns.director zemeckis does a good job & there's a nice winterly atmosphere with a hint of christmas influence as well. there's not much gore here, someone has a poker stuck in their head, someone's face is cut with an icicle, someone's arm is cut with an axe & there's some blood splatter but generally speaking it's not that graphic. the acting by a small cast is pretty good.and all through the house isn't the best tale from the crypt but it's a decent one all the same, worth a watch but after the comic book story & original 1972 film version did we really need or even want this?

"and all through the house" is a special crypt episode not only because it's from the first season, but this episode was the first one i saw! i remember as a young man being on vacation with my parents that summer in 1989 in our hotel room in south carolina on hbo i saw this episode and i was buried to the crypt right then and forever! i had always been a fan of horror-suspense series and liked monster movies, and with this series started by hbo i again had fearful pleasure. this episode being the first one i saw is memorable for me and one of my favorites, it's just so enjoyable with a nice twist. "and all through the house" has a nice cozy setting on a snowy christmas eve, which is a perfect way to get you relaxed for holiday chopping! well anyway you have mary ellen trainor(who by the way plays in several warner brothers works, usually small parts) as a greedy philandering wife who takes care of her hubby while waiting on some money and a new romance. only like most horror series things take a turn for the worst and bad people get what they deserve. the odds are greatly stacked when a maniac dressed as santa escapes from a local nut house, making for a late holiday chopping on christmas eve! as from the old e.c. comic lessons, you learn bad people get what they axe for! well this tale ends with a perfect holiday scream! also this tale was in the 1972 movie and featured joan collins, this is without a doubt one of my favorites and probably one of the classic crypt episodes of all-time!

episode two of season one is a delightful holiday tale of love, betrayal,...and a homicidal, escaped lunatic dressed as father christmas.a woman (mary ellen-trainor)has just murdered her hubby on christmas eve for his life insurance. what begins as a perfect crime begins a struggle to survive as a deranged, santa clause suit wearing psychopath (larry drake, perfectly over the top) threatens her life...as well as her precious young daughters.this episode is warmly remembered by even those casually acquainted with the program. by the way,this particular reviewer watches it every christmas on routine. most notable for it's escalating suspense and narrative twists, and all through the houst is among tales from the crypt's best.

i just don't understand why this movie is getting beat-up in here. jeez. it is mindless, it isn't polished and it is (as i am reading) wasted on some. the cast of this movie plays their characters to the 't' (if you watched permanent midnight and became a ben stiller fan then yes you will be disappointed). these are misunderstood, well-intentioned misfits trying to save the city/world with nothing but grit and determination. the problem is they don't realize their limits until the big showdown and that's the point! this is 3 times the movie that the spy who shagged me was yet gets panned by the same demographic group, likely the same people who feel the first ap movie pales in comparison to the sequel. i just don't get it. the jokes work on more then one level; if you didn't get it i know what level you're at.

this is an very good movie. this is one that i would rent over and over again. it is not like your normal superhero movie. this movie blends comedy, action and great special effects. it even has a person in it that does a lot of voices on the simpsons. william h. macy is the bomb.

i can't say that this film deserves anywhere near the amount of vitriol being heaped on it by some reviewers. yes, it's bogged down by an overly-padded running time, hamfisted editing, and an overreliance on cheeseball special effects. and it lacks much of the energy a comedy needs to get your average audience member to sit through it without checking his or her watch. on the other hand, it's also got some laugh-out-loud funny lines, a talented and earnest cast, and the classic underdog premise. macy, stiller, and azaria are brilliant as the "core" team, and garofalo and studi do superb work adding conflict and variety to the team. i can't say reubens or mitchell added much to the film overall, though each had a few chances to shine. the plot, as i said above, is your classic "underdog-makes-good" stuff. no surprises there, since you know they're going to triumph. what makes it worthwhile is not the absurd, gaudy heroes and villains, but the dialogue and interplay between the characters. underneath it all, these people are children at heart, who just want to do right. the best scenes in the film give this film its emotional grounding. look at azaria's relationship with his long-suffering mother; macy's endearing innocence in his unwillingness to accept cap. amazing's secret identity; stiller's rage (not unlike that one weird, spazzy kid you once knew who'd always go into quivering, impotent rages on the playground); garofalo's desire to avenge her father. this childlike belief that a sense of justice and goodness will always make the world a better place, is the true appeal of super-hero comics; and underneath its parodic exterior, "mystery men" shows us why these hackneyed comic-book tropes matter to so many.it never really gels into a satisfying whole, due to the huge number of half-baked subplots (romance, family life, conflicts within the team, etc.), but the main plot is such loopy fun that it makes up for that. the fact that it's supposed to be good, nonsensical fun seems to be lost on some of the reviewers here, so i'll issue a caveat: if you're the type of viewer who finds his enjoyment of an itchy and scratchy cartoon ruined by the unexplained and illogical ("am i to believe this is some sort of.. *snort*... _magic_ xylophone?"), then you are far too literal-minded and humorless for this film. go rent a sandler film instead.(7/10)

ok. there are people who should not see this movie.1) don't see it if you don't like satire or black humour. 2) don't like it if you got offended by _the watchmen_. 3) don't see it if you want a serious superhero movie.the rest of you, run, don't walk, to see _mystery men_. it's funny, it's quirky, it's a delightful sendup of every bad superhero cliche known to man. occasional forays into junior-high humour don't ruin the tongue-in-cheek low-key fun of jeanane garafalo, ben stiller, and hank azaria, as well as a couple of amusing smaller parts by geoffrey rush and greg kinnear. (good to see louise lasser getting work, too.) i laughed all the way through. utterly unserious, somewhat weird, but -good-.

i've been waiting for a superhero movie like this for a long time. "mystery men" takes its place among the classic comic-strip spoofs on tv like "batman" and "captain nice" and cartoons like "underdog" and "super chicken." the same spirit lives in all of them: the comic tongue-in-cheek tone; the courage to aim for the heroic in life at the risk of looking ridiculous; the not-so-sure-footed way that these characters manage to prevail over their adversaries. it's the misfired spark of nobility igniting in the weak and the ordinary, and it's wonderful to see it glow so high and bright here."mystery men" opens on a party at a nursing home. i wish kinka usher had had the sense to give more energy and life to the old people in the scene. as it is, it looks like something george romero might have devised. we need to get the feeling that these old people are as sharp as everyone else, or it feels patronizing. by the time the red eyes crash the festivities, you half expect tom waits who plays a weapons inventor with a penchant for ladies in their eighties to stand up and shout: "just what this party needs--a little excitement!" if writer neil cuthbert had any sense, he would have had waits mixing it up with the intruders and egging on the partiers to do the same. it would have made for a rousing beginning, and a better introduction of the troublesome trio: the shoveler (william macy); the blue raja (hank azaria); and mr. furious (ben stiller), who seem to come out of nowhere to save the day. there are many other problems to "mystery men" than i care to go into; among them that the villain casanova frankenstein needs to have as cultivated a sense of the absurd as the rest of the people in this movie, and he doesn't. geoffrey rush is the wrong actor for the part; he needs to be way over the top to make the conflict between good and evil a galvanic one. and rush has never exhibited a talent for the outre. you hope for the ripe theatrics of a john lithgow in "the adventures of buckaroo banzai" or the dry, debonair diffidence of a paul freeman in "raiders of the lost ark." instead what we get is pastiche; something half-baked and not fully realized.there are too many ideas running through "mystery men" for anyone to tie them neatly together, and that may be its deepest problem. but whatever kind of a mess it is is the kind of mess i love. ben stiller has always seemed to be slumming in the roles he takes. this one is no exception, but he goes at it with such conviction that you come away feeling that he'd learned something about comedy growing up in a household run by jerry stiller and anne meara. his roy is related to all the put-upon, overly sensitive, chronically defensive types that woody allen made popular. and whether it's wheedling his way into the affections of the waitress at his favorite hangout (the sleek claire forslani), or questioning the wisdom of a fellow superhero (wes studi as the sphinx), or giving a new member of their "elite" group (jeaneane garofalo in what are possibly her funniest moments on screen) a hard time, he makes it always fun to watch. i couldn't exactly say that about him in "there's something about mary."jeaneane garofalo proves with this performance that she should have been the star of "one true thing," not renee zellweger. i don't think i have ever seen funnier exchanges between a daughter and father (okay, so he's dead and his skull is in a bowling ball, so sue me) in the movies. and the funny part about this role is that it feels like a screwball reprise of emily watson's spellbinding talks with god in "breaking the waves." and in this version, the girl doesn't die, and bells don't ring in your head.william h. macy does something very difficult; he makes stolid magnetic. you understand right away what's attracted jenifer lewis' lucille to eddie. you can also understand her exasperation. the barbecue alone would be enough to drive me over the edge, but when eddie's adorable, half-breed son looks up at his father and says "i believe in you, daddy." to which lucille sighs and exclaims, "roland, don't encourage your father," you feel like standing and hailing neil cuthbert as a first-rate wit. with hank azaria (whose only moment of note in film up to this point was his bare behind in "the birdcage") and louise lasser (has it been more than two decades since we first took note of her in "bananas" and "mary hartman, mary hartman?") as son and mother who share a fondness for silverware; greg kinnear as captain amazing and ricky jay as his publicist; kel mitchell as "invisible boy"; paul reubens as "the spleen;" and lena olin who, if she didn't have the few lines in this movie that she has, would seem to be visiting the set.

i saw this movie the day it came out last year. hilarious i thought. well, now it's on video and i saw it again. i love this movie! the things they do are sometimes dumb but that's what makes it my third favorite movie of all time. the special effects are okay, but the witty dialog will have you rolling. i'm the kind of person that'll say i'm inspired by this movie, so if you like dramas and other stuff, avoid. but for all others, enjoy! the acting is superb. hank azaria is hands down the best (he's neither a commie, nor a fruit) followed by ben stiller (uh, don't correct me. it sickens me) and then william h. macy delivering his best performance (outshining fargo) everybody has praised everyone from macy to garafalo, but i think kel mitchell was pretty good as invisible boy. two problems: the most boring part of the film is the subplot of the romance between stiller and claire forlani, and the casanova parole hearing. some scenes absolutely advance the story in no way, but they're a blast. kinka and especially the writers tend to drag on a scene untill all it's hilarity is gone, but bam they switch and you're ready for more. i swear after seeing this, you will be tired from the explosive climax (which i think was pretty cool) the camera is pretty cool also, moving at a furious pace with the actors. also, tom waits delivers an outstanding performance (he has this kinda cool bad hero coolness to him) and like someone else said, the best parts are when the characters show some humanness to them. captain amazing is pretty funny, (especially his speech to casanova about his perfect plan-i was rolling) and rush is pretty cool as casanova. one beef: the funniest comedian ever (eddie izzard) is almost wasted, but his heart is in the right place. so all in all, a wonderful movie. i give it twenty stars and hope that someday, everyone will see the brilliance in the film's best parody, the six million dollar man one. laughing right now as i think about it. 20/10

although i've long been a fan of peter weir, i hadn't watched any of his australian movies until i watched the last wave. and it was a pleasant, unpredictable surprise.richard chamberlain plays david, a lawyer invited to defend five aborigines charged with murdering another aborigine. for david's peers it's a clear case of drunken disorder and they think they should plead guilty and serve a quick sentence. but david believes there's a mystery underneath the murder, linked to tribal rituals. as his investigation proceeds he learns not only things about his clients but about himself too.to reveal more would be to spoil one of the strangest movies i've ever seen. i can only say that this movie goes in directions that no one will be expecting.there are many elements that make this a fascinating movie: chamberlain's acting, for instance; but also the performances by david gulpilil, who plays a young aborigine who introduces david into tribal mysteries; and nandjiwarra amagula, who plays an old aborigine who's a spiritual guide. the relationships between these three characters make the heart of the movie.but there's also the way weir suggests the supernatural in the movie. david has dreams that warn him of the future. australia is undergoing awful weather, with storms, hail falling and even a mysterious black rain that may be nothing more than pollution. but it's also related to the case david is defending. how it's related is one of the great revelations of the movie. out of little events weir manages to create an atmosphere of dread and oppression, suggesting future horrors without really showing anything.charles wain's score is fantastic, especially the use of the didgeridoo. the photography is also quite good. russell boyd, weir's longtime dp who won an oscar in 2004 for master and commander, depicts a dark, creepy world full of mystery.i also find it remarkable that for a movie centered on aborigines, it doesn't turn into an indictment against white culture or into a sappy celebration of the their traditions, like dances with wolves or the last samurai. this movie is too clever to be that simplistic.sometimes it can be frustrating, and it may upset viewers who expect to finish a movie with everything making sense; but for those who don't mind some strangeness or ambiguity, the last wave is a great movie to watch.

there are many problems with mystery men. first of all there are too many different characters for all of them to be given complex or even interesting personalities. the special effects detract from the story and are not really that special. paul reubens is wasted in a pathetic, juvenile role as a character who merely farts and speaks in an inaudible accent.now onto the decent parts. william h macy, three heavenly words, and his performance as the shoveler is pitch perfect. the sphinx is an exceptionally funny character who is only mysterious and merely spouts out the traditional mystical proverbs. ben stiller is very amusing as well, showing a weak character trying to make it into the big leagues of superheroes. all of the characters do, and that is an area which i found particuarly ironic. that is because all of the actors are indie film actors trying to make it into the big leagues of hollywood.to be honest, the reason i thought it failed at the box-office is that america doesn't get irony.all in all i loved the film, but i feel it would have worked better if more effort was put into tweaking the script rather than having unneccesary cgi landscapes and effects.

mystery men has got to be the stupidest film i've ever seen, but what a film! i thought it was fabulous, excellent and impressive. it was funny, well-done and nice to see ridiculous super heroes for a change! and being able to pull it off! this was great! i'll definitely watch it again!

i've seen mystery men cop a bit of stick in the press and with the general public ( take the imdb vote for instance), but my overall feeling is that mystery men is more fun than most films, definitely wittier than most so-called comedy films and very nearly 'clever'.the cast is superb; greg kinnear is excellent, as are geoffrey rush and tom waits. kinnear's limo scene with ricky jay is perfect 'spoiled movie star' and he imbues his character with the right balance of comic book quality and realism to make him work.i will admit the pacing is a little off in places, and visuals are certainly very flash bang, possibly to the detriment of further characterisation, but at the end of the day, this is high concept film making - it's about the little moments "what's up tiger lily?" - and there are so many great ones in this film to make it worth repeated viewing.

a lot of the user comments i have seen on the imdb for this movie don't really do it justice. first of all, let me just say that this movie is not to be taken seriously. it's supposed to be a fun, yet stupid movie, that doesn't require one to think, only to enjoy it. if you watch this movie with the intent to see a masterpiece in either filmmaking or in humour, then you will be sorely disappointed. yet, if you want to just watch a goofy movie with some talented actors/actresses, and some good catch-phrases, then you will enjoy it.

the first thing i thought after watching "mystery men" was how could this movie be so unpopular? i found this movie so adorable and funny that it's status as a bomb defies logic. well, i hope that in the future it becomes a cult hit, and you can count me amoung it's fans.simply put, and without giving too much away, this movie does for comic books what "the princess bride" did for fairy tales and "who framed roger rabbit?" did for classic cartoons. that should give you a more accurate idea of the tone of the movie then the marketing commitee it was unfortunately signed to (this is one of those cases like "the iron giant" where the studio had no clue what it had on it's hands). rent it the next time you're in the mood for something a little offbeat. you won't listen to the beegees in the same light ever again.

the directing behind this film was fantastic for a comedy. many of the scenes appear to be out of a comic book and much darker (visually -- not story wise) than what i expected. granted, this may not be the funniest movie ever made, especially if you are into very crude sexist jokes as this has very little of that (compared to others like something about mary or american pie). as you rewatch it, several jokes stand out and get funnier. if you have ever read a comic book or watched a comic book-type movie (batman, x-men, etc.) and liked them, you will probably enjoy the subtle humor that continues throughout the movie. if you didn't like them, you may like the respectful ridicule that this film has for those. if you did like this movie, the dvd has some cool extras. (8/10)

******warning: may contain spoilers**************so who are these "mystery men?" simply put, the mystery men are a group of sub-heroes desperately trying to live out their adolescent fantasy lives while botching both their real identities and their super identities. the shoveller (bill macy) works construction during the day, and at night, leaves his wife and kids at home while he cruises the street looking for crimes to tackle with his extraordinary and unique shovel-fighting style. the blue raja (hank azaria) sells silverware to newlyweds by day and flings tableware at crackpot villians by night, if his mom isn't keeping him busy with the latest snooping. mr. furious works in a junk yard to earn his pay, then takes out his frustration on his friends at night, tossing ill-conceived one-liners at friend and foe alike and threatening to get really angry (leaving everyone to wonder, so what?). ben stiller breathes such life into this character, you can't help but love him.these three spend their nights trying to capture that 'moment of glory' they've dreamed about... becoming real super heroes. obviously, it could happen. champion city has captain amazing, after all... a flying, fighting super-cop with enough corporate logos on his costume to stop an extra bullet or two. greg kinnear turns in a stellar performance as a middle-aged sellout trying to recapture his fans attention in the twilight of his career.to bring back that 'extra magic' that might win the endorsements again, c.a. frees casanova frankenstein, a waaaaay over-the-top menace played to chilling perfection by goeffrey rush. this lunatic genius has created a 'psychofrakulator' to warp champion city into a reflection of his own insanities... and ends up capturing c.a. within hours of his release from prison. this leaves only the mystery men to stop frankenstein's evil plan, but with such henchmen as the disco boys protecting frankenstein, the trio are going to need a little help.recruiting commences, and after a painful recruitment party, the team settles in with the bowler (janeane garofolo), who initially has the only real talent in the team, with her mystic bowling ball seemingly animated by the vengeful spirit of her dead father; the invisible boy (kel mitchell), who claims to turn invisible when absolutely no one is looking at him; the spleen (paul reubens), granted mystically powerful flatulence by an angry gypsy; and the much underused sphinx (wes studi), who is shown to be able to cut guns in half with his mind, then spends much of the rest of the movie spouting inane riddles and acting over-wise.this film really is a cross-genre romp. anyone wanting to pigeon-hole films into neat little categories is fighting a losing battle. this is a spoof/parody of the superhero genre - from the pseudo-burton sets recycled endlessly (and occasionally decorated with more spoof material) to the ridiculous costumes, the comic-book genre gets a pretty good send-up. but at the same time, it is a serious superhero flick, as well. both at once. while not a necessarily unique idea in itself (for example, this movie is in some ways reflective of d.c. comic's short-lived inferior five work), it is fairly innovative for the big screen. it offers the comic-book world that requires a suspension of disbelief to accept anyway, then throws in the inevitable wanna-bes - and we all know, if superheroes were real, so would these guys be real. if the big guy with the s were flying around new york city, you'd see a half-dozen news reports about idiots in underwear getting their butts kicked on a regular basis. sure, the shoveller fights pretty well, and the blue raja hurls forks with great accuracy - all parts of the super-hero world. but does that make them genuine super-heroes? only in their minds.this movie is also a comedy, albeit a dark one. inevitable, when trying to point out the patent ridiculous nature of super-heroics. one-liners fly as the comic geniuses on stage throw out numerous bits to play off of. particularly marvelous is the dialogue by janeane garofalo with her bowling ball/father. yet, it isn't a comedy in the sense of side-splitting laughter or eternally memorable jokes. it mixes in a dose of drama, of discovery and of romance, but never really ventures fully into any of it.what really makes mystery men a good film, in the end, is that it is very engaging. the weak/lame good guys are eventually justified and, for one shining moment, really become super-heroes; justice is served; and the movie ends with a scene that reeks of realism (as much realism as is possible in a world where bowling balls fly and glasses make the perfect disguise). if the viewer stops trying to label the film, then the film can be a great romp.of course, no movie is perfect. claire forlani comes off as bored and directionless as mr. furious' love interest, in spite of having a pivotal role as his conscience. tom waits seems somehow confused by his own lines as the mad inventor dr. heller, although his opening scenes picking up retired ladies in the nursing home is worth watching alone. and the villians are never more than gun-toting lackeys (a point of which is made in the film). the cinematography is choppy and disjointed (such as happens in the average comic book, so it is excusable), the music sometimes overpowers the scenery, and the special effects are never quite integrated into the rest very well.yet, overall, this film is incredible. you probably have to be a fan of comics and the superhero genre to really appreciate this movie, but it's a fun romp and a good way to kill a couple of hours and let your brain rest.8/10 in my opinion.

a film about wannabee's, never-were's and less-than-heroes making it against all odds. where have we heard that before. but when the unfortunates are the shoveller, the blue raja and mr.furious you know this is not your conventional rags to riches story.a classic performance by eddie izzard as tony p. one of the disco boys leaders and geoffrey rush as arch villain shows actual thought went into the casting. even greg kinnear, at first glance an odd choice for the role of captain amazing turns out spot on.watch this film if you're sick of comic-gone-film stereotypes. why couldn't anger be a super power?

i really didn't expect much from this movie, but it wasn't bad; actually it was quite good. this movie contained a couple of the funniest bits of writing i have ever seen from a motion picture. now am not saying this is one of the funniest movies of all time, but i laughed pretty hard at some parts. "the police ruled my father's death a suicide. they said he fell down an elevator shaft. onto some bullets". now this movie is not for everybody, its mostly stupid humor like zoolander or dodgeball; so if you hated these movies i would probably recommend you to steer clear. overall it was an enjoyable movie, about a group of superhero wannabes, who end up becoming real heroes in the end. it's a vastly overrated comedy that many people probably haven't seen yet, because like me before viewing it expected it to be utter garbage. after viewing this film, i finally understand why this movie was able to assemble such a superstar cast which includes ben stiller, william h. macy, hank azaria, and even that kid from good burger. it's because mystery man is full of excellent comedic writing period 7 out of 10. a very big surprise.

i make just one apology for this film: there are far, far, too many wide angle close-ups, and if they irritate you beyond endurance, fair enough. they drove me barmy for the first ten minutes or so. but after that i made a kind of a truce with the terrible cinematography; and long before the end of the film, i had ceased to care. this is too rich a comedy to be destroyed so easily. it's hilarious, it's witty, the comic delivery of all of the cast is flawless, and however much usher peers at his characters through a cold, fish-eye lens - he may not care for them much - he manages to present them with warmth. `mystery men' is, in fact, not only funnier, not only more clever, but also deeper, than anyone seems to have given it credit for being. the jokes in the austin powers movies, for instance, as well as being less funny than the jokes here, are also much more toothless. the satire of `mystery men' bites when there's something worth biting and gnaws gently when there isn't. it doesn't mock just any old thing. which is why, contrary to what some (i must regard them as unobservant) critics have said, it never runs out of ideas.the `super' heroes are an attractive bunch. sure, they're second-rate, but they're not merely second rate. the blue rajah, for instance, does nothing but throw cutlery at people, and he isn't that good at it. on the other hand, neither is he comically bad. he's better in his limited field than most people, and he does practise diligently. he's not a buffoon, which makes him a much funnier character than if he was. if superman is christ in a cape, the mystery men are all the minor demigods from the foothills of mount olympus, in capes. much funnier; also much more endearing.

i just watched "the last wave" in my school's fine arts library. it's intriguing, like all peter weir's stuff, but it's not always as attention-holding as i would have liked. i found myself fascinated by the ideas being thrown at me (because they are very well handled by the film's director weir)but at the same time i was not stimulated enough by them. aka i got a little bored in spots.the plot surrounds an aussie lawyer who becomes obsessed with certain dreams he has which link him to an aborigone group he is defending.it starts out with an intense weather sequence and has some very awesome mood effects throughout (most notably the bizarre, "belching" sound design)and strong direction; but it just didn't entertain me like weir's later films do. i might just need to watch it again though.good film about obsession and mystery. because, in the end, the mystery that exists between the whites and the aboriginies offers some very severe consequences.god bless peter weir, though. for him alone this film is worth watching ... very organic director. like an aussie response malick! i'd give it a 7 because it's got enough great ideas to overcome its boring moments.

this was different, that's for sure. just look at the cast! talk about oddballs.william h. macy and ben stiller were the stars, although a bunch of actors almost share the spotlight, in this farce about superhero-wannabees. the most outrageous was played by paul reubens of "pee wee herman" fame.there is lots of humor, garish colors and no lulls. it's a pretty entertaining, lightweight comedy with nothing but goofy characters, all of whom want to be heroes a la superman, batman, spiderman, you name. they have talents in strange areas, however, that the real heroes don't (and don't want to!). it's silly, but you know that going on.it's also a film you can watch in installments and not really miss any continuity. it's a long movie for one so hectic, so taking a break here and there is okay. the language was tame so kids could enjoy this, too. in fact, i don't recall any swearing in here, except the guy in the theater next to me who kept uttering, "what a dumb, f---ing movie." i thought it was fun two hours but i'd rather watch it on dvd and take a few breaks.

this movie deserved better it's great fun, has some wonderful jokes and sight gags, some in-stuff for the "geeks" amongst us (and we know who we are), and the effects are indeed effectual. watching paul reubens fart in the face of an academy award winner is worth the price of admission alone. i never read the comics series before i saw the movie, but have since. as good as they are, i still recommend mm the film. (although having the flaming carrot as a character would have been cool, too) greg kinnear is, well,...amazing as captain amazing, and no one else could be the shoveller except william h. macy my favorite line in the film? "we've got a blind date with destiny. and it looks like she's ordered the lobster." see this film. buy this film! it's only 5 bucks and some change at your local wal-mart. you'll thank me. really you will. oh, and ms. garafolo is in it. that alone makes it watch-worthy

i saw this in theaters and absolutely adored it. geoffery rush gave the best performance as a super villain that i have ever seen since gene hackman as lex luther. kel mitchel and paul rubens were a match maid in heaven. this film also introduced me to william h. macy, who is now one of my favorite actors. hank was great as the blue raja, and i especially loved that the character wasn't really british. the scene with him and telling his mom that he was a superhero almost brought tears to my eyes. i loved the fact that the bowler talked to the ball. some of the funniest stuff involved stiller and his character mr. furious's false rage, and the fact that his threats and one-liners were all gibberish, and that they never made any sense. i could barely stop myself from applauding when he said "fraculater, freinken-puss," was said. but one of the things i most enjoyed was that captain amazing actually dies in the movie. i highly recommend this film for any occasion, and i give it my own personal two-thumbs-up.

forget depth of meaning, leave your logic at the door, and have a great time with this maniacally funny, totally absurdist, ultra-campy live-action "cartoon". mystery men is a send-up of every superhero flick you've ever seen, but its unlikely super-wannabes are so interesting, varied, and well-cast that they are memorable characters in their own right. dark humor, downright silliness, bona fide action, and even a touching moment or two, combine to make this comic fantasy about lovable losers a true winner. the comedic talents of the actors playing the mystery men -- including one mystery woman -- are a perfect foil for wes studi as what can only be described as a bargain-basement yoda, and geoffrey rush as one of the most off-the-wall (and bizarrely charming) villains ever to walk off the pages of a dark horse comic book and onto the big screen. get ready to laugh, cheer, and say "huh?" more than once.... enjoy!

this is a great movie. i love it more each time i watch. most comedies can get pretty lame because you know all the gags, but mystery men has so much integrity in the writing and characterization that watching once again -- as ben stiller tears at the hood ornament of the limo, or hank azaria says good-bye to louise lasser, or geoffrey rush flashes his fuhrer choreography, or tom waits mumbles while he watches the news report, or janeane garofalo refuses a kiss from paul reubens -- is a pleasure. this is pitch perfect ensemble acting. the story develops directly and consistently, the action sequences are creative and not too dominant, all the set-ups payoff by the end. seriously, if you've seen it and it's been a while, watch it again, and if you haven't then get started. you can't watch it again until you've seen it the first time. (wes studi, william h. macy, the tryouts scene. too much good stuff!)

director kinka usher stays true to his own credo, "play it straight and they will laugh," and with the help of a superb cast has crafted what should become the #1 cult film of all time, `mystery men.' when an evil villain, casanova frankenstein (geoffrey rush) is released from a mental institution, captures the local superhero, captain amazing (greg kinnear), and threatens to take over champion city, three wanna-be superheroes, mr. furious (ben stiller), the shoveler (william h. macy) and the blue raja (hank azaria) come to the rescue. frankenstein has been joined by a myriad assortment of underworld scum, however, and has become a formidable opponent. the trio realize that help is needed, and decide to recruit; what they end up with is nothing less than the most unforgettable team of `superheroes' ever assembled in the history of the cinema. mr. furious has his rage; the shoveler, his shovel; the blue raja flings silverware (mainly forks, and the occasional spoon, but never a knife); the invisible boy (kel mitchell) can turn invisible as long as no one is watching; the sphinx (wes studi), a heavy hitter from down south, is very mysterious and can break guns in half with his mind. maybe; the bowler (janeane garofalo) can fling a ball with deadly accuracy; and the spleen (paul reubens) wields flatulence that can incapacitate an entire room. this is a brilliant ensemble piece that delivers the laughs without ever becoming condescending or patronizing the audience, while playing it straight at all times. the dialogue is witty, and the performances given by stiller, macy, azaria and garofalo are exemplary. there is a number of memorable, hilarious scenes, especially the one in which they throw a pool party and barbecue to recruit, and conduct interviews with a stupefying assemblage of applicants; and another, in a bar, when the bowler has a conversation with her long-dead father, whose skull has been implanted in her bowling ball. the funniest of all, however, has to be when the team actually attempts to rescue captain amazing. but these are only examples, for the entire movie is composed of one hilarious scene after another, laced with subtle humor that will keep you laughing and thinking about it for a long time. the real secret of it's success, though, is that usher keeps it all real; the relationships between the characters are true, and the whole concept of being a `superhero' is played as being entirely reasonable, which somehow gives a sense of credibility to the entire proceedings. in this world, the aspirations of mr. furious and the rest are tenable, and usher keeps the laughs coming without ever resorting to slapstick or mere sight gags. the solid supporting cast includes lena olin (dr. annabel leek), eddie izzard (tony p.), tom waits (doc heller), claire forlani (monica), louise lasser (the blue raja's mother), jenifer lewis (lucille) and pras (tony c.). `mystery men' is a truly inspired movie that can be seen over and over again, with a new chuckle to be had with every viewing, guaranteed. in the immortal words of the sphinx, `we are number one! all others are number two, or lower.' is it an oscar-worthy movie? hardly; but for a good time and a lot of laughs, treat yourself to this masterwork of comedy; it's the real deal, and you won't regret it. i rate this one 10/10.

this movie was a brilliant concept. it was original, cleverly written and of high appeal to those of us who aren't really 'conformist' movie pickers. don't get me wrong - there are some great movies that have wide appeal, but when you move into watching a movie based on "everyone else is watching it" - you know you're either a tween or don't really have an opinion. this had a lovely subtle humor - despite most people probably looking only at the obvious. the actors portrayed their characters with aplomb and i thought there was a lot more "personal" personality in this film. has appeal for kids, as well as adults. esp. nice to find a good movie that's not filled with sexual references and drug innuendos! a great film, not to be overlooked based on public consumption. this one is a must buy.

though i can't claim to be a comic book fanatic, i have read my share, so i guess i'm part of the audience of this film, and i wasn't disappointed. it does run out of steam near the end, it's almost overflowing with ideas, and it seems like lena olin, one of my favorite actresses, was left on the cutting room floor. also, a little of hank azaria's blue raja can go a long way. still, it's easy to forgive all of these faults when you have a film which is this much fun. all the actors seem to be having a blast with their roles, especially william h. macy as the straight-arrow shoveler, and janeane garofalo as the bowler. and unlike some, i found the design of the city to make the joke even funnier. i also liked how disco was the music of choice of the bad guys; somehow, it seemed appropriate.

in the history of movies based on comic books, "mystery men" is one of the most underrated ones. this is no regular comic superhero movie! it follows the exploits of a motley crew of well-meaning wannabes, which include mr. furious (played by ben stiller), the bowler (janeane garofalo), the shoveller (william h. macy), the blue rajah (hank azariah) and the spleen (paul reubens). "mystery men" spoofs several aspects of superhero movies like "superman" or "batman," such as the pithy sayings, and the questions about secret identities. most of the superheroes aren't billionaires like bruce wayne, but blue-collar types with menial jobs and neurotic home lives. so it looks as if director kinka usher is making the heroes into something the average viewer can relate to. i found "mystery men" to be visually stimulating and very funny. even if it doesn't turn into a franchise, it's still a joy to watch!

as a comic book reader, who still sees myself as a total kid at heart, i admit i might have been a bit biased towards this movie. i mean, there hasn't been a good superhero movie out for quite some time (note: batman forever was not a good superhero movie). i really wanted this film to be good, and unlike most of my recent trips to the cinema (read blair witch project) i wasn't disappointed.mystery men was definitely not a high-effects, tension-filled action flick, it was a comedy. and on that basis, it was a success. it had everyone in the small theater laughing, and got applause and laughs right through the final scene. stiller and garofolo are hilarious together, as always, and azaria adds just the right touch of craziness. william h. macy plays a great straight man, while kel mitchell and the fart-powered paul rubens are added just to keep the kiddies happy.though the sets are bizarre (and at times seem like ripoffs from both batman and blade runner), and some of the jokes are obvious, it is still just plain funny. there are some lines that will catch even the most jaded viewer off-guard, and bring tears from the belly-laughers among us.i definitely recommend this movie. although not an all-time classic, it is twice as funny as the latest austin powers retread. the writing is good, and the cast is great. if you're worried, plan on the matinee and pay less, but either way you'll be pleasantly surprised. i mean, who among us doesn't root for the losers once in a while?

you know the people in the movie are in for it when king-sized hailstones fall from a clear blue sky. in fact, the weather stays pretty bad throughout this atmospheric thriller, and only lawyer chamberlain has the answer. but he's too much the european rationalist, i gather, to get in touch with that inner being that only reveals itself through dreams.darkly original mystery heavy on the metaphysics from director-writer peter weir. already he had proved his skill at flirting with other dimensions in picnic at hanging rock (1975). here it's the arcane world of the australian aborigines that confronts that the tightly ordered world of the predominant whites. something strange is going on inside the aborigine community when they kill one of their number for no apparent reason. yuppie lawyer chamberlain is supposed to defend them in a white man's court. but the more he looks into things, the more mysterious things get, and the more interested a strange old aboriginal man gets in him. and then there're those scary dreams that come and go at odd times.well structured screenplay deepens interest throughout. one reason the movie works is the background normalcy of chamberlain's wife and little daughters. audiences can readily identify with them. and when their little world runs into forces beyond the usual framework, the normalcy begins to buckle, and we get the feeling of worlds beginning to collide. chamberlain underplays throughout, especially during the underground discovery tour where i think he should have shown more growing awareness than he does. after all, it's the picking up of the mask that holds the key (i believe) to the riddle, yet his reaction doesn't really register the revelation. of course, the notion of nature striking back has a certain resonance now, thirty years later. in the film, the notion is wrapped in a lot of entertaining hocus-pocus, but the subject itself remains a telling one. one way of bringing out a central irony in the movie is the symbolism of the opening scene. a big white suv barrels past an aboriginal family, leaving them in the historical dust. the terrain looks like an interior tribal reservation of no particular importance to the coastal fleshpots where industry dwells. yet, it's also a region most likely to survive anything like a destructive last wave. perhaps there's something about past and future to think about here.anyway, this is a really good movie that will probably stay with you.

mystery men is one of those movies that gets funnier over time. there is a naive innocence and "niceness" to the characters. it has become part of our family "culture," and we quote the characters often. it is my favorite film of the last two years. my kids are 13 and 11 and we all three love this film. great acting and comedy. we love galaxy quest and monty python flicks too. okay, we're not talking intellectual here, just family bonding!

this movie is a lot of fun. what makes it great especially are two things: one is the straightforward way the characters embrace the stereotypes, with discussions of their costumes and superpowers. there's an endearing earnestness to the parody that's very appealing; the second is basic sweetness of the characters and the quality of the chemistry. claire forlani deserves particular note as the object of mr. furious's desires. there's a boatload of talent here. i realize some with high expectations may have been disappointed, but this movie is a lot of fun, and kind of sweet.

i saw "mystery men" on my birthday in 1999 while i was away on vacation. when i came back home, i went to see it again. keep in mind, i was twelve, but at that time it was the coolest movie ever. i even collected the ultra-rare action figures (i have them all except for the bowler, which is the hardest to find. they made mr. furious, the shoveler, the blue raja, the spleen and captain amazing, in case your wondering. there is a william h. macy action figure in existence!). i've watched it many times over the years and it still remains a favorite of mine, due mostly to fond childhood memories. it's not a perfect movie, but it definitely deserves another look and perhaps a cult following.the story: a bunch of low-level superheroes save the day. this was executed again in the mediocre, direct-to-video "the specials" as well. but this is the other end of the spectrum: big budget (huge budget, almost $100 million i think) studio comedy. yes, the effects are overblown and the huge sets and wonderful production design are a bit much considering the plot. but don't think this as a stupid, special effects-y superhero movie--it's a parody. they fight a villain named cassanova frankenstein, people. he has a psychofrakulator, whatever that is (it's a doomsday device, he'll take over the world, yada yada.) and resident superhero captain amazing (a zapp brannigan-esque greg kinnear, with commercial-product-logos on his costume, nice touch) is kidnapped. time for the mystery men: mr. furious (ben stiller, gets mad), the shoveller (william h. macy, beats people with shovels), the blue raja (hank azaria, british, throws forks), the bowler (janeane garafolo, bowls), invisible boy (kel mitchell, guess what he does), the spleen (the great paul reubens, farts), and the sphinx (wes studi, cuts guns in half with his mind, i am not kidding). the rest of the fantastic cast of character actors includes geoffrey rush as cassanova, lena olin heavily edited out as cassanova's bride, and the one and only tom waits as a crazy weapons dealer. so...with macy, kinnear, olin, and rush there are four oscar-nominees (and one winner) and tom freakin' waits! it's not perfect though. it's overlong and there are some gushes of corniness here and there (the shoveller's full of them).the dialogue definitely outweighs the physical comedy, which is sometimes lacking (there's a guy who farts for his power, case closed). the dialogue is definitely a highlight, the cyclical ramblings of the sphinx, the mixed metaphors of mr. furious, etc. it's downright a funny movie, (it will almost make you forget that this was the film that let "all star" by smashmouth out into the world.) unfortunately, the film did not do as well with critics and audiences as it should have. a sequel was originally planned (the film is in fact based on a comic book and characters from "the flaming carrot" comics. the flaming carrot was planned for the sequel i believe) but this did not do well at the box office. it could have been a hard sell, a superhero comedy with the guy from "there's something about mary." it also could have been the fact that it was released on the same day as "the sixth sense"--which ended up being the biggest hit for the month of august--as well as "the thomas crown affair." two other misunderstood classics were released on the same crowded weekend, oddly enough--"dick" and "the iron giant." critics gave mm passable reviews, but it was quickly forgotten. sadly enough, on comedy central's roast of jerry stiller, comedian jeffrey ross commented to ben stiller that, "i saw 'mystery men' and i fired my agent." ben is then seen to mouth the words, "i should have to." don't listen to him. give "mystery men" a chance.

melissa joan hart shines! this show is amazing!! there is no match. except for maybe melissa in clarissa explains it all. she was marvelous in that, too. this is so much better than buffy, the vampire slayer. this show is wonderful!

it is finally coming out. the first season will be available march 2007. it is currently airing on abc family from 4-5 pm eastern time monday through friday. the last episode will air on december 19th at 4:30. i missed it the first 100 times around. i wish i could buy the whole series right now. who does she pick? i have to write 10 lines in order to reply to the first comment. what am i going to say. la da da de de. la da da de de nope only up to 8 how do i get to 9 almost almost awww 9 now i need 10 - 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, i missed counted this is only number 8. punky brewster is pretty awesome too. almost to 10 almost awwwwww.

oh my gosh i live in kentucky and when mellisa joan hart came to louisville she went right through my neighborhood and waved at me i am filthy rich so she wanted to look at my neighborhood oh and i love being rich any ways she came for the derby back to my interest in the show...... that show makes you want to point your finger at something and make it disappear i mean it is just so creative and i love it i would love to be on that show....... that show is just amazing i mean who ever came up with that show i want to just give them a big kiss i mean it makes me feel better when i'm sick and makes me happy when i'm mad i mean if someone tells me they don't like it i will talk some sense in to you ok ok

when i first started watching these it became one of my favourite shows. melissa joan hart is very funny and talented so were the aunts and the other characters and the star of of the show salem the cat, he was immensely funny. the first few season in my opinion were the best where sabrina was a teenager in high school adapting to witch life. they were most funniest, most entertaining and most um... good. i'm not a fan of when they started introducing brad and dreamer cause i quite liked valerie, but they were okay the problem was they were only in it for one season. if you're gonna have new people at least keep them. i didn't like josh he was a tw*t, i preferred harvey but then he disappeared. and they got rid of libby! it would have been awesome if thy had been bickering in theses seven years. and mr. craft as well, if him and zelda got married that would have been gold! then sabrina moves out of her aunts house and into roxie/miles/morgan's house. i didn't like theses people either, it didn't really seem they liked sabrina. sabrina seemed to lose her charm and stuff and the aunts seem to be shunned out of her life and into they're own stupid story lines. i kind of stopped watching it for a while and the old re-runs were back and i was like whoo-hoo! lol. i must say the last few seasons were absolutely terrible.they got rid of the aunts which sucked cause they were a big part of the show. then suddenly she lets those two freeloaders move in to the nice house when they treated he like dirt. and now she's working at some magazine shop so they're putting loads celebrity guest stars into the show, if they're in every episode it kind of ruins it. the programme just really went downhill and lost its luster. i saw the last episode. it had the aunts in it (zelda was reduced to a candle) and she's about to get married but she runs off with harvey the end. i would have liked to know what happened after. well thats my review and the only thing i can say is the only thing that stayed it's appealing self through the seven years was salem the cat.

i remember first watching sabrina when it came to tv in the uk on itv1 when i was 13/14. i'm now 24 and still love it now as much as i did when i first watched it. i get a little stick from some of my friends for still watching a "kids show" but i don't care! lol caroline rhea as "hilda" is my personal favourite character and later on morgan also became another of my favourite characters. i remember spending so much time watching various special events honouring sabrina on the tv station nickeleoden uk. i love mellissa joan-hart, she was great in "clarrissa explains all" but so much better in this. i was gutted when they decided to finish it! i hope it will soon be released on dvd here in the uk - i'll be first in line! lol x

i used to love sabrina the teenage witch and have seen every single episode. i remember when i used to sit at 6pm every night and wait for it to come on nickelodeon, however when sabrina left high school the show began to go downhill. the best series has to be when she was friends with valerie (i'm not sure which one that is). from there the next series (friends with dreama) was still really good, but when she left high school it just didn't seem right. all the main characters seemed to have left, which meant that it didn't have as much of the old "sparkle", however the first series where sabrina is in college is still relatively good and watchable, however when her aunt's leave and sabrina moves into their house it just isn't right. she is no longer a teenager, so therefore the name of the show isn't right and without hilda and zelda and josh the show just doesn't seem right, especially when sabrina nearly marries someone that isn't harvey. thank goodness he came through in the last five minutes of the last episode to take her away. all in all i still love to watch the old episodes of sabrina the teenage witch, but i think the writers took it too far and should have left it with sabrina leaving high school. because after that the show definitely lost some of it's magic

when sabrina first came onto our screens i was about 12, and therefore spent my teenage years watching the teenage witch get into all kinds of weird predicaments.it was always one of my favourite programmes, the witchy feeling of sixties sitcom 'bewitched' but this time the character was cooler. i always liked sabrina because she was smart. she was also friendly and easy going which made her enjoyable to watch. the characters at the beginning were great; harvey, jenny, libby, the quizmaster, salem and mr. poole (my personal fave, shame he left so early on) hilda and zelda her aunts started off ok, but then became irritating.i liked mr. kraft too as he was always that little bit closer to discovering sabrina's secret. what i loved about the first three series was the original ideas, the discovering of the family secret and learning new spells but as it went on it became more predictable. too many characters came and left, such as valerie, dreama and brad and then they decided to do sabrina at college which ruined it for me.sabrina became self-absorbed at college, there was less magic, no spell book, no aunts living with her and roxie, miles and morgan were annoying.the last series was boring, and i only watched to see what happened in the end. not having hilda and zelda seemed wrong somehow and miles was gone just like that. the last episode made me feel a lot better though (spoiler)having sabrina end up with harvey on her wedding day to dullard aaron was great! overall a great programme if you forget the poor last two or three series which reminded me of so many teen shows. magical.

the last wave is never going to win over the mainstream audience. it is a slow-moving but fascinating film for those who are willing to go along with it. an australian properties lawyer is asked to take on the case of five aborigines accused in the murder of one of their own. all sorts of portents and omens soon pop up, as the man's death involves a tribal issue that was not meant for white man's court, and pretty soon the lawyer is having trouble distinguishing reality from fantasy. it looks like the end of the world may be at hand, and he and the aborigines may know this but no one else does. richard chamberlain as the lawyer is at his peak here. david guptil, a familiar face from several other australian flicks and a decent actor, is one of the five aborigines on trial. the last wave is simply not for everyone, anymore than is magnolia (both happen to have strange things falling from the sky). check it out on a slow saturday night.

the sitcom revolved around a girl who must learn to be responsible for her own actions. as she had the power of magic, she often used it to try to help her loved ones or herself, frequently resulting in literal puns that are often disastrous and always humorous.the program began with sabrina's adventures in high school in the fictional town of westbridge, located near boston, massachusetts (as opposed to greendale in the comics). in the series' later seasons, sabrina graduated from high school and enrolled in college, then moved on to her attempts to live on her own and keep a job at the local newspaper. breaking further from its comic roots, the show ended with sabrina's wedding, although, in the end, she abandoned the wedding and ran off with harvey.many episodes involve sabrina getting to meet, through natural or supernatural means, popular real-life musical artists of the time, including coolio, the violent femmes, the backstreet boys, phantom planet, davy jones of the monkees, britney spears, avril lavigne, daniel bedingfield, hanson, eden's crush, savage garden, 'n sync, and ashanti. course of nature, the band of melissa joan hart's then-boyfriend (now husband) mark wilkerson, appeared in an episode in 2002.

i really liked the first 2 seasons. because a lot of good characters disappeared later on. like most shows are kinda slow at first then get better in later seasons, but this is the absolute reverse. jenny from the 1st season and valarie from the 2nd season were sabrina's friends, i really didn't care for the others, jenny and valarie were her coolest friends. i think for some reason, the producers wanted us to not like her college friends for some reason, they were so cruel to sabrina. but my favorite episode from season 1 is cat showdown and my favorite episode from season 2 is witch trash, that is the funniest episode. i also thought it was funny how libby was popular but she was always jealous of sabrina, and never seemed to have a real boyfriend but was always wanting to be with harvey. i just wished they could have made more better ones. i also liked how the first 2 seasons, during the opening credits sabrina would say a few words while wearing a costume, like in the pilot episode where she's in the witch costume, i liked how she said "this is so not me" and later on she kept trying to change herself to something else is what i think, but this is a really cool show. it is kinda like the andy griffith show in a way because it good at first but once it turned color and barney fife left, it was longer good. but i still like to watch it, but the only reason i watch later seasons is because of sabrina. what i meant about the opening sequence is: the opening titles of seasons 1-3 shows sabrina in front of a mirror posing with several different costumes and outfits as the cast members' names quickly flash on the bottom of the screen. at the end, sabrina would say some sort of pun that related to the outfit she is wearing, then disappear. the opening sequence of season four includes the characters in bubbles. the opening credits of seasons 5-7 features sabrina at various locations around boston

even though there are no new episodes, and it is rarely showed. i used to love the magic of sabrina and the teenage witch. i never got to see the last episodes, but i do want to know what happened to miles, or josh? and why did the aunts have to disappear out of the show for good?i'm sure the ending went to be perfect. but there are a lot of questions unanswered. and i want to see the last episode of s.t.t.w! because i heard she decides between erin and harvey on her wedding day! i really hope that she picks harvey! and may i say nate richart is hott!! too bad hes too old for me though. melissa joan hart has her own sense of cuteness that she adds to the show, but there are many little "stupid" things for the show such as how famous bands come out of nowhere and play songs and all the cast is listening, its kind of stupid. plus the cat starts to really get lame, as the show continued, the jokes began just to get stupid, and the things that the audio controlled "audience" would laugh at, i would think it was so lame. don't get me wrong, at some parts it was funny, but i think the show just kind of lost its "magic" so to speak as the show went on. i give kudos to all the cast though for trying, although that soleil moon frye girl had no taste, and she was a horrid actress. i wonder what melissa or any of the cast is doing now for that matter, now that the show has ended.

my kids recently started watching the reruns of this show - both the early episodes on the n, and the later ones on abc family - and they love it. (i wasn't aware the show had even lasted past the first or second season) i'm curious as to what prompted all of the cast changes - i've seen them described as "highly publicized," and yet a half hours searching efforts on the web have revealed nothing but endless comments on how the early episodes were so much better than the later episodes. (personally, i don't see a whole lot of difference - the scripts and themes remain largely the same throughout - but they do lose some great people along the way) my daughter has put the dvds on her wish list, so perhaps the land of special features and commentary will shed some light on all of this. i also wish they'd done some self-referential humor about the changes - like on "boy meets world" where they drop the little sister for an entire season or so, and when a different actor later shows up playing her, they ask her where she's been and she says "upstairs," or when early series token geek "minkus" shows up for the high school graduation, they ask him where he's been and he says "over there," pointing to the part of the classroom never shown by the camera, before saying "hey, mr. turner, wait up!" and running off screen (mr. turner being another character who left) oh well - maybe there will be an e true hollywood story on this or something? i was just glad to see aunt hilda show up for the finale - she was always one of my favorites - it's too bad it couldn't have been a more encompassing cast reunion. (the zelda candle just didn't cut it for me)

for the first three seasons, sabrina was a gem hidden away on tgif (and later, early school-day afternoon reruns). each episode had a maniac, zany energy and rapid-fire pacing that overcame the occasional awkward joke. melissa joan hart exuded a keen talent for physical comedy, particularly in her facial expressions. her two aunts, playing the "straight men," or as straight as two witches could be, had great comic timing and general chemistry with hart. salem, as a talking cat, was free to dabble in whatever mad scheme he was interested in, and one could laugh and take it all in stride because he was, after all, a talking cat. sabrina's friends rounded out the social experience at school, in which also housed the typical "evil cheerleader" and "totalitarian principal." perhaps the most interesting and unique aspect of the show was the ability to merge pop culture (e.g., bands of the era, jerry springer), archetypal human condition/morality (e.g., the importance of friendship, the spirit of christmas), and the literal representation of such related metaphors in the magical realm. unfortunately, like so many other shows throughout the age of television, the show hit its peak during the first three years, which coincided with sabrina attending high school. starting in season four, the move to college marked what would become a precipitous decline in the general quality of the show, particularly when the writers chose to introduce josh as harvey's rival, and concocting thin excuses for aunts hilda and zelda to remain on-screen as key players. the final season, where sabrina works at a pop culture magazine, was unequivocally disappointing. still, in the end, sabrina (particularly the high school years) remains a unique entry as a hybrid situational comedy with magical elements that elevates it above the tiresome fare that is produced in this genre every year.

and it's not because since her days on "clarissa explains it all" that i've had a bit of a crush on melissa joan hart, who at the time this show was popular was already well into her 20s, but was still able to get teenage roles. "sabrina, the teenage witch" was hart's next big leap after her "clarissa" days. based on the comic strip, sabrina spellman is - you guessed it! - a teenage witch who attempts to balance her witchcraft antics with the demands of everyday teenage life. she is aided in her endeavors by her two aunts and a wise-cracking black cat as she goes from high school, to college, and finally to her career in journalism.as usual, hart is the show's heart & soul. "sabrina, the teenage witch" is quite moving and very funny, and it's a shame that it took me so long to realize how great it was. i only wish there were some newer episodes that we could all enjoy.10/10

i remember this show as it became a regular viewing on a saturday evening.sabrina is a young girl who moves in with her aunts who as it turns out are witches and she is one to. so sabrina must learn how to control hr powers and use them effectively. she also must deal with school a vicious rival named libby, her ditsy best friend and boyfriend harvey kinkle...the show was funny and entertaining. it kept saturday evenings entertaining for a 10 year old boy..and made him laugh out loud...and flirt with 'libby'....

i know sometimes its really really corny... but the acting is amazing and melissa joan hart is as cute as a button. i love this show a lot, and i'm almost embarrassed that i do b/c the show has a rep. for being really corny, but it makes me feel good. my only problem is that sometimes it can be pretty low budget - sometimes actors change and you just have to deal with it... like sabrina's father is 2 different guys throughout the course of the movie... i mean, couldn't they just say he was an uncle or something? still, i can't help but loving this show. harvey and sabrina make a really cute couple and salem is absolutely hilarious. i definitely recommend it if your looking for some light and funny entertainment... my favorite episode is "pancake madness"... a hilarious episode. the best season is probably 3... i'm not really a fan of some of the seventh season twists... once you get to college, morgan joins the group and her dialog is painful and very poorly acted... plus she is ugly, so the jokes about how she is only surviving off her good looks were lost on me... but i think it was set up to have a really good eighth season and i was really sad to see one of my favorite shows canceled!

by submitting this comment you are agreeing to the terms laid out in our copyright statement. your submission must be your own original work. your comments will normally be posted on the site within 2-3 business days. comments that do not meet the guidelines will not be posted. please write in english only. html or boards mark-up is not supported though paragraph breaks will be inserted if you leave a blank line between paragraph.we sent an e-mail to when you registered. you must click on the link in that e-mail to complete your registration and enjoy the full benefits of being registered at imdb.com. whilst you wait for that e-mail, you can still update some of your registration details by using the links below. don't forget to keep checking your e-mail though!

what i love about this show is that it follows the lives of modern witches and it's a blast to experience their everyday love, humor and adventure. the literature of magic is so diverse, portraying the ideas of classical, medieval and modern wizardry, like harry potter and sabrina. with sabrina the teenage witch, this show is so fun and unique because it lets us experience a lot of that modern wizardry, seven seasons worth! this show has so many great qualities and it's a joy to watch sabrina live her daily life in the mortal and "other" realm. i would recommend this to any family because the television series is clean, funny and adventurous. classic!

i remember seeing this when it was released, in a theater in palo alto, and not expecting much. i mean -- an australian movie? but it finally got to me. here's a scene. richard chamberlain is sitting cross legged on the floor of a shabby apartment in sidney, facing an australian aborigine elder named charlie.chamberlain: "you were outside my house last night. you frightened my wife. who are you?" and charlie at a deliberate pace replies, "who are you? who are you? who are you? who are you? who are you?. . . . are you a fish? are you a snake? are you a man? . . . . who are you? who are you? who are you?" it's a stunning scene, shot all in close ups, with chamberlain's blandly handsome face filling the screen in opposition to charlie's black, broad-nosed, bearded visage.the two guys couldn't be more different and this film is the story of how chamberlain accidentally stumbles from his humdrum lawyerly existence into the inexplicable, almost unspeakable, mysteries of charlie's world.i don't think i'll go on much about the plot. it's kind of an apocalyptic tale. but i must say, whoever did the research on australian aboriginal belief systems should get an a plus. they've got everything in here, from pointing the bone to the dream time, a kind of parallel universe in which dreams are real. it's an extremely spooky movie without any musical stings or splendiferous special effects. charly's world simply begins to intrude into chamberlain's dreams, for reasons never made entirely clear.if there's a problem with the script, that's it. nothing is ever made entirely clear. does chamberlain, who seems to have some extraordinary rapport with the aborigines, die in the last wave? do the aborigines? does the entirety of sidney? the basic premise is a little hard to accept too, though granted that this is a fantasy. the aborigines are invested with the kind of spiritual power that americans bestow on american indians, whereas the fact is that mythology is mythology and while one may be more complex or satisfying -- more elegant and beautiful, if you like -- mythology is still an attempt to transcend an ordinary, demanding, and sometimes disappointing physical existence. the mysticism of charlie is more convincing that the miracles of moses in cecil b. demille's "the ten commandments," but they're brothers under the skin.but i don't care about that. taken as a film, this one is pretty good, and it's especially important for marking the celebrity of the director, peter weir, and the australian film industry. this was the first of a great wave of films from the antipodes, some of them raucous, like "mad max," and some subtle and dramatic, like "lantana." i like weir's stuff, which resembles nicholas roeg's in being pregnant with subliminal dread. try "picnic at hanging rock" for an example of how to make a truly chilling movie with not a drop of blood.

sabrina the teenage witch was one of my favorite t.v shows of life :d i used to watch back to back episodes everyday when i got home from school. so far i think i've watched every episode at least once and the whole series 3 or 4 times. melissa joan hart plays the perfect teenage girl/witch with normal teenager troubles that we can all relate to. she's funny, smart, outgoing, witty, and a lot more. caroline rhea and beth broderick both fit the part very well as sabrina's aunts. zelda, the intelligent scientist, and hilda the crazy, wacky one make a perfect balance in sabrina's life. though i must agree that the college years aren't as good as her high school years, but that doesn't mean they weren't still good. i think the ending was awesome although it was not what i hoped, it made sense and i loved it anyways. :)

spoilers i loved the later episodes from college and on, but i wish i could get the last season on dvd. unfortunately, the latest i could get is the first college season. still the teenage years were sweet; although they focused a lot on magic, they also made her into a character that teens could relate to, deeling with the stuggles of teens, and children in divorced families. this show was very innocent; they did not get into the morbid teenage problems such as sex and drugs, but they did deel with pressure to fit in. i loved watching her grow up and cope with her magic on her own and trying to convince her aunts to let go as she left the nest. the older episodes were cute, but it was just so much better to see her as (well not really a teenage witch anymore) but an adult witch. i loved roxy and mortgan; they were so talented! in the earlier episodes the aunts were great actresses, but they were so strict, kind and loving, but they treated her like a young child in some ways, but not in every way. i mean they grounded her for every little mistake she made with her magic, i mean let her learn from her own mistakes for once! that was what i liked about the college episodes; she was able to learn from her own mistakes without be grounded over everything; that was annoying. not to put down hilda and zelda. melissa joan hard is beautiful and was perfect for the sabrina with her perky personality. i liked the last episode where she ran off the marry harvey, but as somebody else said, it would have been nice to see what happened after. i mean i believe it was obvious they were getting married; where else would they be running off to in her wedding dress? but i would have liked to have seen it. i supposed they wanted to leave it up to the viewer to choose the ending though rather than spoon feeding it to us as most comedies do. somebody said they could have shown them marry and go to school in the house, but they already graduated college. sabrina had great job for a magazine and i think harvey had a good job, because he lived in a nice apartment that we only see at the end, but they never say what he does. as a child they always talk about how he does not want to be an exterminator like his dad. when sabrian moved into the house that season, they never really explain how it happened. actually, there is a lot the show does not explain, but i supposed it is supposed to be to leave it up to us and give it some mystery. prior to sabrina and her friends moving into the house, they show hilda getting married and this whole spell that ends up with zelda turning into a child. hilda comes back in the last episode (and zelda is there in some other form, but beth is not on the episode) but they do not show zelda's husband or what happened, like did they have children? maybe they didn't want too much going on in one episode. i also liked hart's sister who played her spoiled cousin! she was pretty and a great actress and it was interesting to see her grown up! i cannon believe it has been six years since the show went off the air! i still love the reruns! also, i don't know if anybody noticed this, but in the earlier episodes, the town was called westbridbe (a made up town i believe, which was supposed to be close to salem) but in the later episodes, they don't mention the name of the town being caled westbridge and i think they call it boston, unless that is just where she worked. also, i wanted to add, i found the episode, "wild wild sabrina" where she is taught about the importance of rules, to be insulting. she was 18 and too old to be grounded; i would have been insulted if my parents grounded me at 18. and i think while an 18 year old might mess up how she did, they need to learn the consequences on their own. i think at 18 they know rules are important.

i love sabrina! its one of my fave shows!! my favourite episodes are; the one where she turns libby into a geek, the first episode, the true love episode and most of the rest from the first series. i do think the college episodes were not as good as the high school ones but they were better than the last series which was awful. valerie was a good character as she was more rounded than jenny, but jenny was in some brilliant episodes. hilda and zelda were amazing, and there seemed to be no explanation for where they went! libby was a good character too. i never liked morgan or roxy, they just weren't as good as her other friends.

i liked this tv show because it was it's own thing a girl who is on her sixteenth birthday finds out that she is a witch and her she lives with her aunties in the house and they are both witches as well. well this took her about a few weeks of getting used to. when she used her powers for the first time it was so funny because she turned her enemy into a pineapple. she had to turn back time and repeat a day. this series is really cool and it is a typical teenage series but it wore thin when she moved out of her house and to an apartment with her fellow college friends and then it got boring and i stopped watching.i loved her aunties they were so funny and the other one was really ditzy. i loved valerie and i hated sabrina's enemy libby she was ugly.

why did i enjoy the show to the last episode? because of the true talent melissa joan hart and her supporting cast had of demonstrating that whit, comedy, light-hearted humor, and deep thought could actually coexist. what i enjoyed most was the fact that i could come home from a hard day's work, and bust a smile... i was inspired... and why? it was an inspiration to watch as this magical person was so happy while helping others. sabrina was a hero in my opinion... even though she was vulnerable in ways that were not so different from our own... to very different; she had powers at her fingertip, wishes, and command that could be used for good or bad which may only exist in many of our imaginations. most everything we see, have, know about, own, or even desire... can be used for good or bad, and how we choose to define that, defines the person we are. she traveled the globe and other realms with these constant and unwaivering ideas in mind... to learn, to live, to laugh, and to love. she was always learning how to improve her skills to the benefit of all around her; she made mistakes as she was living life, going through different journey's of growth, as she, her aunts, and salem (the underrated, yet imperfect hero) did well to demonstrate that even through mistakes, you can still be noble, gifted, and wonderful. she also demonstrated many selfless, learning, and loving acts as she went along her way. if this isn't reason enough for 10 stars in this war torn world where people are so hostile toward each other, not realizing how differences are the spice of life rather than a reason to kill... then i don't know what is. this show was most certainly a trip to a better world as well as an inspiration to be better ourselves and a gift intended to bust a smile on our chops... i've heard from a doctor before that everything that i've mentioned above leads to a healthy "hart"... and isn't that what we all need? :)

i used to love watching "sabrina, the teenage witch" friday nights on abc's tgif. i think this was one of the best shows on tgif. my friends and i used to get together every friday just to watch this show and we never missed an episode.my favorite character was salem. he was adorable and sooo funny. i liked sabrina's boyfriend harvey, too. he was hot. i think melissa joan hart played a good teenage witch, too. my favorite episodes were "sabrina through the looking glass" and "hilda and zelda: the teenage years". those episodes were great.overall i really miss this show. i hope one day abc brings it back with new episodes. i give this show 10/10 stars.

this motion picture has a steady, haunting pace backed up with great acting (one of chamberlain's best performances) and a story that is revealed to us over time.beyond that, the music fully establishes the mood and assists in maintaining an uneasy, cautious and somber tone.weir's story is enhanced by using aboriginals, their stories and their tensions with the dominant white population to deliver a fantasy tale that is ominous.although they are unrelated in story as well as genre, this maintained the same feeling within me as ursula le guin's "lathe of heaven" (1980). "the last wave" is a dramatic thriller with some shocking moments. remember, "hacking and slicing" doesn't make a film a horror movie, it's the psychological element of fear and trepidation that rests within us all.

across the great divide which we call understanding, there is still much we do not know about that which was explained by the early tribal elders. in every instance, there is much concerning the dangers of knowing too much. conversely, there are those who warn us of not preparing for what they warn is the 'end time.' in this movie called " the last wave " an aboriginal native is murdered for no apparent reason. when those responsible are arrested, they remain silent less they disturb the order of things. david burton (richard chamberlain) plays the defense attorney assigned to defend the accused. although haunted by prophetic images from his own childhood and warned by modern signs given to him by an sympathetic aboriginal named chris lee (david gulpilil), burton proceeds to defend the infraction as tribal law and therefore not subject to standard justice. the movie is fraught with puzzling, dark foreboding images of apocalyptic end world disasters and warns of a future island tsunami and doom. black drama and deep rituals are what gives this film it's frightening allure and therefore is not for the faint-hearted, in fact the simplest haunting apparitions can last for years in the nightmares of innocent movie goers. good silent drama. ****

while to most people watching the movie, this will be of little interest, but out of the many hundreds of movies dealing with magic and the occult in one form or another, this one is probably the best in many ways.from the golem to the craft the subject seems to be of endless interest to the movie industry. the majority of movies which touch on it in any way do so childishly (for example "witchboard", a true piece of utter garbage in every way) either taking the transcendental elements as cheap excuses for cheesy special effects or cardboard cutout villians (cf "warlock"). more frequently the subject comes up in an hysterical religious context (in the various revelations-oriented movies, the antichrist is inevitably an advocate of some kind of new-age style practice). rarely, a movie seems to show at least some passing experience with magic as it is practiced in real life, but the presentation of the occult in such movies can at best be described as allegorical and not literal, or symbolic, or ... just not quite right.i watched this movie again after many years tonight. i had seen it before on vhs; it is a dark, moody piece, and after watching it on dvd, i would say if you have any intention to watch this movie, watch it on dvd, don't watch it on vhs.the darkness and moodiness are overpowering in vhs but in dvd the movie takes on a very different tone. i think weir pushed the dark aspects intentionally for style, but when the movie is converted to the lower color medium of vhs this goes over the edge. dvd brings the movie to life again and i saw it differently.anyway, seeing it as if for the first time, i realized that the treatment of magic is extremely good in this movie. it's difficult to go into all the reasons why, i don't care to take the time to do so.for anybody who's curious, anyway, if you want to see what it is like in real life, this movie is just very right on countless levels.and for anybody who isn't, you really wasted a lot of time reading to this point.

david burton(richard chamberlain, quite good)is a lawyer, more adept at handling corporate taxation(..and suffers from unusual dreams which bother him seeing this aboriginal man shrouded in darkness), who is called on to take a case concerning a group of aboriginals charged with the murder of one of their own named billy..we see that he tries to steal stones with ritual painting on them and is killed when a leader of an aboriginal tribe named charlie(nandjiwarra amagula)uses a "death bone" to stop his heart. meanwhile, revolving around david, bizarre weather patterns effect sydney such as rain beating down polluted dirt and rock-sized hail during bright blue skies(with no sights of clouds, such as the one that hits a school in central australia), not to mention, a "deformed" rainbow which is split(!)into groups. as david pursues the case he finds that he is far closer to the weird events taking place than he could ever realize. one aboriginal named chris(david gulpilil)appears to him in a dream holding a stone with blood and he finds that this man is one of those he is to represent at trial! he finds that it's quite possible, after some strange meetings with charlie and conversations with chris, that he very well might be linked to a spirit named mulkurul and that his dreams are actual premonitions of possible horrors yet to come.absorbing apocalyptic drama builds it's story methodically and is completely original and unpredictable. with peter weir in charge, the film is visually arresting as we see these very overwhelming images of possible doom towards civilization, but the film's most compelling angle is certainly david's journey to find that monumental truth that plagues him as he questions charlie and chris countlessly, at first to help his men get off from a crime they didn't commit, and ultimately to find out what he has to do with anything catastrophic that is occurring or might occur later.

'the last wave' is far more than the sum of its parts. it's not merely a disaster film, not simply an exploration into australian aboriginal spirituality, and certainly more than a simple court drama. writer/director peter weir manages to take these elements to the next level to produce a truly effective and thought-provoking film with the same eerie atmosphere he gave to 'picnic at hanging rock' two years earlier, that you will continue to remember years later.when lawyer david burton (chamberlain) is called to defend chris lee (gulpilil) over the death of an aboriginal for which he may or may not be directly responsible, he finds himself not merely struggling to get the truth from lee, but making sense of what he hears when it does come. as with the aboriginal belief that there are two worlds - the everyday and the dreamtime, the truth exists on two completely different levels, with ramifications more disastrous than burton could ever have imagined.no doubt the reason why 'picnic at hanging rock' is better remembered is because of its enduring mystery. we are led along the same path but forced to find answers for ourselves. in 'the last wave', we can piece everything together by the end of the film. however, even with all the information, we have to choose how much of it we want to believe, because the film takes us beyond the borders of our normal realities.on the production side, weir uses his budget to great effect, progressively building a sense of doom in everything from soft lighting, to heavy rain, to good use of sound. the incidental music is unobtrusive, never trying to be grandiose. richard chamberlain manages to convey the bafflement the audience would doubtless feel as he tries to unravel the mystery. david gulpilil excellently portrays a man trapped between two worlds, wanting to do the right thing, but afraid because he already knows the ending.put all these things together, and you have a perfect example of why david weir is a familiar name in cinema thirty years on. strongly recommended.

****spoiler alert**** all throughout australia the summer turned into a deluge of rain and hail stones the size of baseballs that was causing havoc in coastal cities like sydney. it's under these hectic conditions that tax lawyer david burton, richard chamberlain,got involved in a case, as a defense attorney, involving the death of a local aborigine who was found dead outside a sydney bar. having five fellow aborigines arrested for billy cormans,athol compton, death it's determined by the police coroner that billy died of drowning not by violence even though he had bruises on his neck and shoulders. yet the court decided to prosecute the five for his death charging them with manslaughter instead of murder.david defending the five gets no help from them in their defense with the accused assailants opting to remain quite and keep what happened to billy to themselves and take what's coming to them from the court. one of the defendants chris, david gulpili, begin to somehow invades david's dreams as if he want's to tell him what was really behind billy's death.david at first not taking his dreams of chris seriously begins to sense that their real when he meet him at the courthouse. chris confirms david's dreams by showing him a strange looking black rock that david saw chris have in his dreams. later meeting chris and, what turns out to be an aborigine shaman, charlie (nandjiwarna amagula) who came to his house that evening david is told that he, like charlie, has spiritual powers that he inherited from his mother's grandfather. those powers will reveal to him the future that has to do with the strange weather conditions that are flooding the australian continent. the earth,chris tells david, is going through a gigantic cleansing cycle with the old world about to be washed away and the new world ready to take it's place.david is confused about what both chris and charlie are telling him but as the rains continue to increase and the ocean waves start to rise he feels that something terrible is going to happen. david want's to know if it's all aborigine folklore or there's some scientific facts, or logic, behind their end of world-like revelations.by now it's obvious that both chris and charlie are members of an aborigine tribe right in the heart of modern sydney. that alone can get chris off, as well as his four friends, for the murder of billy. since the australian government will not prosecute tribal aborigines, leaving any justice to be done by the tribes themselves. still chris refuses to admit he's a member of a native tribe and he and his four friends are convicted of manslaughter in billy's death with the sentences to be handed down by the judge within days.david now determined to find out what was the reason for chris' silence, and why billy had to die, is taken by chris to the scene of the crime. it's there that david finds out that billy betrayed chris' tribe members by going there with billy not being a member of chris's aborigine tribe. it's also revealed to david that he himself has some kind of spiritual connection with the austrailan aborigines as both charlie and his step-father rev. burton,david parslow, told him. the stage is now set for the great and final cleansing cycle that david's been seeing in both his night-time dreams and day-time visions. it comes in the form of a massive tidal wave rolling out of the pacific ocean into the australian coast city of sydney and then submerges the entire continent.

peter weir's first international success, the last wave is a mainly effective chiller with a fascinating back story based on aboriginal myth. richard chamberlain gives a good performance as a defense lawyer whose life becomes increasingly unmoored from reality as he delves deeper into a murder case involving aboriginal tribal rivalries. david gulpilil plays one of the suspects, who does his best to guide chamberlin thru the realm of 'dreamtime', an alternate reality/timeline central to native australian history and tribal custom. heavy on atmosphere, deliberately ambiguous in plotting, the film builds to an unsettling finale which is somewhat diminished by poor effects, probably due to budgetary limitations. nevertheless an intriguing film whose overall impression of mystery and dread lurking just below the surface of what we perceive as 'reality' will stay with you.

the story and the characters were some of the best i've ever seen. the graphics were good for the ps and the cut scenes and voice overs were amazing. i beat the game at least 3 times and loved every second of it. i felt the problems the protagonist faced were believable and realistic and i believe it deserves a sequel. or at least a remake. if they remade it for the ps3 i would buy the system for just that game and maybe mgs4 its amazing also the idea and execution of the dragoon system is enough to warrant a rental and on top of that ad the inventive although sometimes cheating(stupid buster wand) combat addition system and the plot makes this game a definite buy.

legend of dragoon is one of those little-known games that people either love or hate. some people claim it's far too similar to other games, namely the final fantasy series--which is understandable, since it was originally intended to be sony's equivalent of final fantasy. honestly i can't comment on the similarities beyond that, as i'm not very familiar with the ff games.i think my favorite aspect of the game is the battle system. not only do you have the ability to change into a more powerful dragoon form, but every time you attack, you have to pay attention in order to complete the attack by pressing buttons at the correct time. not only that, sometimes enemies will attack you back right in the middle of a sequence, which means you have to press different buttons in order to avoid taking damage. even the use of certain attack items requires a bit of button-mashing. if you don't want to attack, you can always guard, which not only cuts any damage taken in half, but raises your hit points without the use of healing potions.the fmvs are quite well-done, about the same quality as final fantasy 8's. however, the graphics during game play aren't quite up to that standard. they're nice, but they could have been--and honestly, should have been--better. the translation as well leaves something to be desired. not only does it raise interesting character relationship questions, but there are also some grammatical mistakes that simply shouldn't have been allowed to pass.another thing i found interesting was that you lose main party characters--one dies, and the other basically becomes useless to the party and leaves. while the death of the one character is often said to have no point, it makes you realize early on that the characters, while heroes, are still just as mortal as the next person. the people who replace the lost characters simply gain all their stats, so the transition game play-wise is fairly smooth. perhaps my one complaint about the characters is the main character's love interest, shana. she is the epitome of the helpless female in need of rescuing, pathetic to the point of driving a player to screaming with frustration. while you can use her in your party, she is insanely weak--i don't even know what her dragoon powers are like, as i disliked her so much i never used her. the character rose, by contrast, is probably my favorite female character in any game ever. she's no wimp, and some of her dragoon magic is extremely useful. meru is quite strong as well, while sometimes being an annoying talkative brat.the character designers were, as most are, inclined to make the female characters appear pretty or whatever, and didn't give much thought to the actual usefulness of the outfits. seriously, no armor and having most of your skin exposed is not helpful when fighting monsters. but i will give them props, as they do have females serving as knights in the various countries.i can't comment much on the plot, as honestly i didn't pay much attention to it beyond where i needed to go to next. i'm not sure if this says something about the plot itself, or my gaming style.all in all, it's a very enjoyable game. it has its flaws, but for me it struck just the right balance of having to think and just pressing buttons and killing monsters.

this supernatural peter weir thriller is truly one of the most haunting and fascinating movies ever seen. richard chamberlain does his best performance here as the australian lawyer who defends a group of young aborigins accused of murder. as he gets closer on the case, he discovers more about the main defendant, chris, and not least about himself. chris tells him that he is a mulkurul, which appear to be a race of supernatural beings that lived in australia thousands of years ago. at the same time, extraordinary high rainfall seems to confirm the aboriginal prophecy of the coming of the last wave, the one that will drown the world.the dream sequences and the supernatural effects enhance this movie and make it a spectacular experience. olivia hamnett and david gulpilil are solid in the supporting roles, as well as the chap with the difficult name who plays charlie, the old aborigin who can turn into an owl. the climax and the ending don't disappoint, in contrast to many other supernatural thrillers who fall flat after a promising hour or so. however, this can not be called a pure thriller. it is a drama as well and talks about spirituality and spiritual identity in the modern world. a masterful work by peter weir, the master of visually stunning dramas.

this game is one of the best rpg. fist, it is actually more amusing than any other because of the battle system (you harm the enemy depending on how you aim the attack, you can transform into dragoon, the special attack, the magic...). the script is very good. characters are all lovely and you have no long dialogs to support, as happened in several games of final fintasy series. i got bored of that dialogs about past, when you just want to go on with the game's story. ambientation is a jewel on this game, it combines middle-age fantasy with futuristic science fiction. it's remarkable that animation effects are just incredible, i like them more than other in other modern games (we can't remember that legend of the dragoon is 8 years now). then, map is huge, there are all kinds of places an enemies. finally, music is not the best game muse i have heard, but it's perfect for a game like this.

i second the motion to make this into a movie, it would be great!! i was also amazed at the storyline and character build in this game. i have played it again and again (over 20 times) just to try something different and it gets more interesting every time. final fantasy eat your heart out!! this should be made into a movie!!!!! if anyone out there wants some help to start a petition to have this made into a movie, please contact me. i would love to help with that project any day. the graphics are great for ps1 and even make you forget it is ps1 most of the time. the multitude of side quests makes it different every time you play.

i remember this game. it was always sitting on the shelves alone, until one day i decided to try something new for a change, and got this game. i stared in awe at it, since it was the first ever game for the ps1 that i owned that had 4 discs. when i played it, i couldn't put the controller down, seriously.the storyline of this game is so good and twisted, it's almost as good as the final fantasy vii storyline, and that is hard to accomplish. when you play the game, you get so involved with the characters it's unbelievable that it's only a ps1 game, as it feels like a movie. and i believe it should be made into a movie.too bad this game is a very unheard of game and barely no one has played or liked it, as it is one of those games that is sitting on the ends of the shelves, with a 50% off sign sitting on it, trying to sell. well i am one of those people who always look at those on the ends, and try them out and most of them turn out to be really good. heck, that is how i got into final fantasy vii, looking in a catalog, and finding it. but this is different than final fantasy.legend of dragoon, is the only game or rpg that is better than most square enix games, surprisingly. i wouldn't be surprised if it was made by square enix but it's not. hardly any games i play are better than the final fantasy series, or the dragon quest series, but this one is. but what really bugs me is why it is very little known and is not praised, which it should be.graphics are pretty good for a ps1 game, but what can you expect from it? it's ps1 man, made in 1999. story i have already mentioned is amazing, almost beats vii. characters are a amazing, you get involved so much with them, and their actions.a definite 10 out of 10. definitely deserved more praise, and a very well done rpg by a company other than square enix.

i absolutely love this game to death. ever since i was 9 years old (i am now 15). it has great graphics, characters, magic, weapons, additions, and don't forget the ultimately awesome dragoon forms! i am still waiting for a remake, prequel, or a sequel to this spectacular video game. you play as dart, a young swordsman who has the potential to be quite the hero. on this adventure you encounter wondrous creatures and boss fights. you also encounter some friends on the way who have their own special element. such as fire, darkness, water/ice, thunder/lightning, earth, light, and wind. there are also items known as dragoon spirits, which allow you to transform into magical creatures of legend. dragons, wizards, creatures called winglies and evil creatures you'll have to face on this adventure of action-packed thrills and excitement. one of my all time favorite games, the legend of dragoon!

"the last wave" is one of those movies that relies heavily on the mind. the title refers to the aboriginal doomsday theory: there will be one last wave that wipes out everything.david burton (richard chamberlain) is a sydney lawyer hired to defend some aborigines accused of murder. around this time, there has been unusually heavy rainfall in australia. while defending the aborigines, david learns the last wave theory, and begins to wonder whether it's just mythology.the movie's last sequence is a metaphor for descending into the depths of one's mind. peter weir created a perplexing, but thought-provoking, movie. aboriginal actor david gulpilil (whom you may have seen in "walkabout", "crocodile dundee" and "rabbit-proof fence") provides an interesting supporting role as one of the defendants.if you get a chance, watch the "making of" feature on the dvd. peter weir explains some of the film's undertones, some of which relate to richard chamberlain's background.

richard chamberlain is david burton, a tax lawyer living in sydney, australia who is drawn into a murder trial defending five aboriginal men accused of murdering a fellow native in peter weir's apocalyptic 1977 thriller the last wave. taking up where picnic at hanging rock left off, the film goes deeper into exploring the unknown and, in the process, shows the gulf between two cultures who live side by side but lack understanding of each others culture and traditions. weir shows how white society considers the native beliefs to be primitive superstitions and believes that since they are living in the cities and have been "domesticated", their tribal laws and culture no longer apply. from the start, burton is drawn deeper and deeper into a strange web of visions and symbols where the line between real time and "dream time" evaporates. water plays an important symbolic role in the film from the opening sequence in which a sudden thunder and hailstorm interrupts a peaceful school recess to burton's discovery that his bathtub is overflowing and water is pouring down his steps. as violent and unusual weather continue with episodes of black rain and mud falling from the sky, the contrast between the facile scientific explanations of the phenomenon and the intuitive understanding of the natives is made clear. burton and his wife annie (olivia hamnet) study books about the aborigines and learn about the role of dreams in the tribal traditions. when he invites one of his clients chris lee (david gulpilil) to his home for dinner, he is disturbed to find that he is the subject of an inquiry by chris and his friend charlie (nadjiwarra amagula), an enigmatic aborigine sorcerer involved with the defendants. as burton's investigation continues, his clients make his work difficult by refusing to disclose the true events surrounding the murder.after chris starts to appear in his dreams, burton is convinced that the aborigine was killed in a tribal ritual because "he saw too much", though chris refuses to acknowledge this in court. burton, becoming more and more troubled by a mystery he cannot unravel, says to his stepfather priest, "why didn't you tell me there were mysteries?" this is a legitimate question but, according to the reverend, the church answers all mysteries. burton knows now that he must discover the truth for himself and enters the tribal underground caves. though we do not know for certain what is real and what is a dream, he comes face to face with his deepest fears in a haunting climax that will leave you pondering its meaning into the wee hours of the morning.in this period of history in which native hopi and mayan prophecies predict the "end of history" and the purification of man leading to the fifth world, the last wave, though 25 years old, is still timely. the aborigines are portrayed as a vibrant culture, not one completely subjugated by the white man, yet i am troubled by the gnawing feeling that we are looking in but not quite seeing. weir has opened our eyes to the mystery that lies beyond our consensual view of reality, but he perpetuates the doom-orientation that sees possibility only in terms of fear, showing nature as a dark and uncontrollable power without a hint of the spiritual beauty that lives on both sides of time.

this is one of my all-time favorite films, and while it may move too slowly for some, it's well worth seeing. a corporate lawyer (richard chamberlain) is dragged into a case involving "city" aborigines, and this is no ordinary case. ok, a man has died but it wasn't exactly a normal killing. there has also been a greater than average amount of rain lately, and the atmosphere of most of the film is somewhat claustrophobic & oppressive. the aborigines are harboring a secret and refuse to spill the beans. this has a lot to do with white men making assumptions about "city" vs. "tribal" aborigines, and of course no abo in the big city would practice tribal ways. uh huh. chamberlain is having strange dreams and he is somehow the key to what's happening, although no matter how many times i've seen this i can't quite grasp the exact connection. this is a very eerie and creepy film, and is a fine example of peter weir's ability to create tension out of nothing. the ending is a little ambiguous but i take it literally, it's the easiest way out and the scariest. 10 out of 10 and highly recommended.

although cinderella isn't the obvious choice for a sequel i love jaq and gus so i didn't hesitate. the format of the mice writing a book for cinderella was an inspired one. i enjoy writing stories myself and hope children will be encouraged by this. the three stories are cute & amusing, although the songs were forgettable. jaq and gus were my favourite characters but i also enjoyed seeing lucifer, bruno, the mice chorus and all the rest. pom pom proved the perfect companion for lucifer and i liked the governess. a sequel done right for a change. my rating 8/10.

the sequel to the ever popular cinderella story reminded me somewhat of what they did with one of the beauty & the beast movies. it's basically three short stories rolled into 1.ok, the mice are adorable (i love gus! he's sooo cute!), and lucifer's awesome (as usual). i liked some of the newer characters as well, (pom pom was adorable and i did like prudence.). still, the storyline was somewhat limited, but still very cute. so, i vote 7/10.

as an adult i really did enjoy this one. i watched it with my 2 granddaughters and the 3 1/2 year old was fascinated and the 15 month old giggled at the mice.the music is fun and the animation is wonderful. this sequel does what return to neverland didn't accomplish. a good follow-up to the cinderella story; but what becomes of drusilla? another sequel? i hope so!

just after i saw the movie, the true magic feeling of the walt disney movies came up in me and i realized me that it was a long time ago that i saw the 'real' magic in a movie.the combination of the right music, speeches and magical effects brings the disney feeling again into your body. very special things i saw where the not-knowing effects in the movie, started with the disney logo transforming into the cinderella castle and ended as an old-story telling fairytale with your grandparents.the magic has returned in me. i rate this movie 8 out of 10.

i was shocked and surprised by the negative reviews i saw on the web, i thought cinderella 2 (as well as 3) is a very cute and funny sequel for everyone - kids and adults...like me, i am 22 years old.i also find it and very informative film, it shows lessons on being true to yourself and following your heart. i thought it has great animation, and the voice casting was very good; the songs performed by brooke allison too. since this film has been divided into three flashbacks/stories, my favorite out of the three, is the story of when jaq the mouse, became a human for a day, thanks to fairy godmother and her magic.

many people have commented that this movie was nowhere near as good as the first. well, maybe it isn't - to you. however, how does your child react to it? well, mine loved it more than the first.disney movies of the past can sometimes be a little harsh for little kids. (for example - bambi's mother getting shot.) this movie was really great for my sensitive little girl who likes humor and happy endings.if you want to be snobby about what should be disney's standards based on the past - skip this movie. if you have a sweet little girl or soft-hearted little boy you really want to please, buy this movie and treat your small children. this film is great as a bedtime movie for happy dreams instead of nightmares. i'm happy with a movie that pleases my kid & doesn't need to impress the parents all the time.

of course, the original is better, but this isn't as bad as everyone says! yes, it is made up into 3 stories, but hey, so what?! i thought it was quite good to be honest. i actually liked how anastasia changed a little when she fell in love, it shows what love can do. the stories were not so bad either.i liked cinderella's voice better in this too. i have nothing against her voice in the original, but i just think it sounds better here, more nicer. i liked her personality in this too, she had more of a backbone, yet she was still kind.so, i'll give cinderella ii:dreams come true a 7/10.

after several extremely well ratings to the point of superb, i was extremely pleased with the film. the film was dark, moving, the anger, the pain, the guilt and a very extremely convincing demon.i had initially expected to see many special effects, and like a lover's caress, it blew me away with the subtlety and the rightness of it. brian, i am again blown away with your artistry with the telling of the story and your care of the special effects. you will go a long way, my friend. i will definitely be the president of your fan club.eric etebari, the best actor award, was the number one choice. you made jr. lopez look like a child compared to kasadya. :) overall, the acting, story line, the high quality filming and awesome effects, it was fantastic. i just wish it were longer. i am looking forward to the dreamless with extremely high expectations.

when you typically watch a short film your always afraid that the person creating the film tries to throw too much into it. that's not the case with this one. a great story about a young girl who's had enough and other worldly forces trying to help make things right.eric etebari does a wonderful job of representing the spirit of twisted justice and helps to convey the complexities of the blurred line of right and wrong.both the young girl and the father give great performances in this wonderful short film, but eric's performance is definitely the show stealer in this story.i definitely recommend this film for it's complexity, performance, and great over all story.

i got to see this just this last friday at the los angeles film festival at laemlee's on beverly. this movie got the most applause of all the films that evening. considering that two music videos opened first, i didn't know what to expect since they were very fast and attention grabbing, i wasn't sure i was ready for a short immediately. but to my surprise i really enjoyed this. i thought the main actor demon guy was really good. i was so impressed with his performance that i checked out his name. i was surprised to see that this was the witchblade guy. he's gotten really good especially since then! either that or he was given lousy roles or had been pushed by the director really hard for this short. the girl did an okay job. i guess its hard since it was her first performance and being so young. the dad did well also. there was a lot of really nice cg work for a short, both for this and the short playing next "mexican hat" which was also nice, but i enjoyed this the most because it had the most depth and emotion and i actually cared about the characters. the other was a very simple story. the story was quite illustrative and dark! it dealt with real topics using a more fantasy like approach to keep add people like me interested. we won't even talk about the last film in the block which i left. my only complaint is that i only wish i had seen more of the demon character and a little less of getting started, which is why i gave it a 9 out of 10. i also thought the end credits went a little slowly. otherwise it was beautifully told, directed and edited. the timing was very nice with a complete change from the fast mtv editing done on everything nowadays. there will be more coming from this director in the future as well as the actor. i now will think of him as the sorrows lost actor not the witchblade guy.

what do i say about such an absolutely beautiful film? i saw this at the atlanta, georgia dragoncon considering that this is my main town. i am very much a sci-fi aficionado and enjoy action type films. i happened to be up all night and was about ready to call it a day when i noticed this film playing in the morning. this is not a sci-fi nor action film of any sort. let me just start out by saying that i am not a fan of witchblade nor of eric etebari, having watched a few episodes(his performance in that seemed stale and robotic). but he managed to really win me over in this performance. i mean really win me over. having seen cellular, i did not think there was much in the way of acting for this guy. but his performance as kasadya was simply amazing. he was exceedingly convincing as the evil demon. but there was so much in depth detail to this character it absolutely amazed me. i later looked it up online and found that eric won the best actor award which is well deserved considering its the best of his career and gained my respect. now i keep reading about the fx of this and production of this project and let me just say that i did not pay attention to them (sorry brian). they were very nicely done but i was even more impressed with the story - which i think was even more his goal(seeing films like godzilla with huge effects just really turned me off). i could not sleep after this film thinking it over and over again in my head. the situation of an abusive family is never an easy one. i showed the trailer to my friend online and she almost cried because it affected her so having lived with abuse. this is one film that i think about constantly and would highly recommend.

after reading several comments, i felt i had to add in my two cents as well. "sorrow lost" is one of the most memorable shorts i think i have ever seen. i had gotten the chance to see this at the new york independent film festival. i felt that this movie was incredibly beautiful and emotional. the story was beautifully complex - especially for such a short amount of time. the story is focused on a young girl who is victimized by her abusive father. she is soon given the choice to "stop" him by a demon played by "witchblade's eric etebari." having watched the show, i was amazingly impressed with how he played such unique and different character. i never knew he could act so well! his character was deeply complex and he was very persuasive. the acting was absolutely superb by him. the girl's was okay and the father's was decent. there is also death in this who follows the girl around until she is able to escape from her future. the effects and cinematography were absolutely mind blowing. i wonder if they had at least a hundred thousand budget for this. it is rare you get to see such a high quality short. the opening was absolutely breathtaking comparable with any major feature film. this isn't to say that it's not without its flaws - i thought it took a little to get going and the intro was a little long. but this stuck in my head days after watching it. there are very few shorts with this level of quality.

i managed to see this at the new york international film festival in november 2005 with my boyfriend. we were both quite impressed with the complexity of the plot and found it to be emotionally moving. it was very well directed with strong imagery. the visual effects were amazing - especially for a short. it had an original fantasy approach to a very real and serious topic: this film is about a young girl who is visited by a demon offering to help her situation with her abusive father. there is also a surprise twist at the end which caught me off guard. this leans towards the gothic feel. i would love to see this as a full feature film. -- carrie

this movie is based on the art of frank frazetta, the mythical fantasy illustrator. some of the characters are straight out of his paintings (the death dealer being the best example). surprisingly, the animation manages to keep the feeling of the original art. bakshi is well known for his heavy use of rotoscope (the technique of tracing a live action sequence) and this film is no exception. however, since the subject of the movie is quite realistic (all characters are humans), this works pretty well.but what i really like here is the plot: for once we have a story with interesting characters and nice action sequences, a really hideous villain and a gorgeous babe. this movie has the feeling of the best conan comics, not surprisingly since roy thomas is the writer of the marvel series of our favourite cimmerian! this is a far cry from the crappy live action conan, not to speak of all the b-movie of the genre.definitely recommended!

in a time of magic, barbarians and demons abound a diabolical tyrant named nekhron and his mother queen juliane who lives in the realm of ice and wants to conquer the region of fire ruled by the king jerol but when his beautiful daughter princess teegra has been kidnapped by nekhron's goons, a warrior named larn must protect her and must defeat nekhron from taking over the world and the kingdom with the help of an avenger named darkwolf.a nicely done and excellent underrated animated fantasy epic that combines live actors with animation traced over them ( rotoscoping), it's ralph bakshi's second best movie only with "american pop" being number one and "heavy traffic" being third and "wizards" being fourth. it's certainly better than his "cool world" or "lord of the rings", the artwork is designed by famed artist frank farzetta and the animation has good coloring and there's also a hottie for the guys.i highly recommend this movie to fantasy and animation lovers everywhere especially the new 2-disc limited edition dvd from blue underground.also recommended: "the black cauldron", "the dark crystal", "conan the barbarian", "the wizard of oz", " rock & rule", "wizards", "heavy metal", "starchaser: legend of orin", "fantastic planet", " princess mononoke", " nausicca: valley of the wind", " conan the destroyer", " willow", " the princess bride", "lord of the rings ( 1978)", " the sword in the stone", " excalibur", " army of darkness", " krull", "dragonheart", " king arthur", " the hobbit", " return of the king ( 1980)", "conquest", " american pop", " jason and the argonauts", " clash of the titans", " the last unicorn", " the secret of nimh", "the flight of dragons", " hercules (disney)", " legend", " the chronicles of narnia", " harry potter and the goblet of fire".

i had watched snippets from this as a kid but, while i purchased blue underground's set immediately due to its being a limited edition, only now did i fit it in my viewing schedule - and that's mainly because bakshi's american pop (1981) just turned up on late-night italian tv (see my review of that film below)! anyway, i found the film to be a quite good sword-and-sorcery animated epic with especially impressive-looking backdrops (the rather awkward rotoscoped characters were, admittedly, less so) with a rousing if derivative score. the plot, again, wasn't exactly original, but proved undeniably engaging on a juvenile level and the leading characters well enough developed - especially interesting is the villainous ice-lord nekron and the enigmatic warrior darkwolf; the hero and heroine, however, are rather bland stereotypes - but one can hardly complain when bakshi and frazetta depict the girl as well-endowed (her bra could be torn off any second) and half-naked to boot (her tiny panties are forever disappearing up her ass)! still, it's clearly an action-oriented piece and it certainly delivers on this front (that involving darkwolf being particularly savage); the final showdown though brief, is also nicely handled and sees our heroes astride pterodactyls assaulting the villains' lair inside a cave .in the long run, apart from the afore-mentioned frazetta backdrops, the main appeal of this movie for me now is its nostalgia factor as it transported me back to my childhood days of watching not just films like conan the barbarian (1982) and the beastmaster (1982) but also animated tv series such as blackstar (1981-82) and he-man and the masters of the universe (1983-85).as for the accompanying the making of "fire and ice" (tv) (mark bakshi, 1982) **1/2:vintage featurette on the sword-and-sorcery animated film which is only available via the washed-out vhs print owned by ralph bakshi himself! it goes into some detail about the rotoscope technique and also shows several instances of live-action 'performances' (in a studio) of segments from the script - which would then be traced, blended in with the backgrounds and filmed. still, having watched several such behind-the-scenes featurettes on the art of animation (on the disney tins and the looney tunes sets, for instance), it's doesn't make for a very compelling piece...

thsi is one great movie. probably the best movie i have ever seen. i watch it over and over again. i must give it 10/10 stars because like i said this is probably the best movie i have ever seen. this movie +popcorn+coke= best mix you can imagine. if you want to watch some movie then i clearly recommend this one. first i sawed it i liked it so i buy-ed it and now i own it and watch it probably every day. my sons like it and think that this is the best movie ever seen. this movie is about guy in fantasy world. i don't want to spoil all the movie so you can enjoy it after you read my text. lovely movie lovely characters, lovely story, and just great stuff. a must watch movie. hope you enjoyed my comment cyajim make

watching fire and ice for the first time reminded me of my experience seeing 300 last year. it wasn't at all a bad movie, certainly not average, but its plotting and dialog stuck out as being at best conventional and at worst kind of confusing and one-dimensional (which, perhaps as based on frank miller's comic book, was the right decision to go with). but its primary strengths drew from the intense action and bloody battles and having that jolt of a 14 year old feeling watching beefcake men fighting in bloody sword-led combat, with the occasional freaky creature or super-hot female to go with the painterly surroundings. while i would probably re-watch fire and ice before 300 again, they both aroused that similar feeling - the exception this time being, naturally, that it's frank frazetta, the infamous artist and designer of countless paperback books and comics, collaborating with director ralph bakshi, in what isn't typical hollywood fare but something for the die-hard fans.what this means for audiences today going back to check out the film for the first time (it may now be coveted nostalgia for those who were young and watched it along with their masters of the universe vhs tapes back in the day) is the possible cons mentioned before and, maybe, that you will see something somewhat unique. fire and ice isn't even the only bakshi rotoscoped feature, but it's possibly the most fluid- if not quite my personal favorite- of the few he made, and he and his team create a whole striking world that's part pre-historic, part out-of-this-world fantastic, and part medieval, and all touched up with a painters hand with respect to the backgrounds, the skies and grounds. there's a slight drawback for bakshi fans in this facet of character design; bakshi went as far as to say it's more frazetta than him. this may be true, but it doesn't make it any more absorbing to the eye or curious in those moments where we don't see people killed or gutted in quick or slow motion (my favorite was the momentary skeleton-guide- how they rotoscoped that amazes me).i neglect describing the plot as it would defeat the purpose of really recommending it. if you're already a die-hard into this kind of style and approach of animation the plot will matter depending on what degree two warring factions or a 'damsel' or princess is in danger or a hero has to prove himself or yada yada, so suffice to say it's about, well, fire against ice, with characters named nekron and darkwolf (the coolest male of the lot and most comic-book in appearance) and teegra (the typical hottie who's almost *too* perfect for the adolescent male fantasy figure). what the plot does do, as an asset, is allow a series of cliffhangers and suspense bits around the action, the progression of the danger in the oncoming big battle, like when the ogres are hunting after teegra and have to contend with sudden crazy monsters and creatures popping out of tree trunks and lakes. and per usual for bakshi, he conjures up some craziness (if not quite his usual inspired lunacy) in the midst of all of this straightforward fantasy material. if you've seen wizards, you'll understand what i mean to a lesser extent.so, if you're an animation buff, seek this out right away for some 'old-school' (i.e. 1980s) action and incredible design. for everyone else, it's... good, not great, as i would say without fault about its logical 21st century extension, with some alterations, 300.

with ralph bakshi most of his films appear to be like two-edged swords. you'll get something awesome out of it but only if you put up with the silly and the unnecessarily cheezy. the lord of the rings was a great adaptation of the story which perhaps didn't always shine in the animation department.fire and ice is a great achievement from bakshi from an animation point of view. the rotoscoping is a lot more detailed and the animation has a vibrant look to it. you still get some of the dull still-cells and slightly blurred background paintings but on the over-all the look has definitely gotten better since bakshi's last fantasy epic. the animation has almost a realistic-naturalistic style to it, and unlike in lotr where this style was often at odds with the actual content, here it enhances the film's unique atmosphere.unfortunately the film fails to create a meaningful story out of its simple setting and in fact most of the characters' motivations are pretty blurred. lorn and tigra are easy cases but even the main villain necron was difficult to follow not to mention that guy with furry face mask (also known as just 'that guy'). even though most of the voice actor's were appropriate, there are some odd quirks in the audio-department and tigra especially sounds really terrible whenever she's screaming.however, i believe the film's inherent entertainment value outweighs its unnecessarily silly execution of the plot-line. the scant clad of the characters is something you'll never get over but it helps you remind yourself that perhaps this film isn't even intended to be taken too seriously. it's still a hella cool and really funny.

this is another fantasy favorite from ralph bakshi; after watching it on youtube that is. set in the distant past after the ice age, it is a prehistoric sword-and-sorcery quest between good and evil. nekron, lord of the realm of ice and his mother queen juliana, has set their sights on conquest of the known world. when their glaciers destroy's the village of a man named larn, he (larn) vows to avenge his people and kill the ice lord. meanwhile, the sub-human minions of nekron and juliana capture firekeep's king jarol's sultry daughter princess teegra; but she manages to escape, and eventually meets with larn, who promises to escort her back to firekeep; if the sub-humans don't find them first.this movie did very little box office (as did most of ralph bakshi's films), but has become a cult classic, partly for the quality of the art, a collaboration between ralph bakshi and the famed fantasy artist frank frazetta. also, i have heard that the screenplay was written by gerry conway and roy thomas, the two men who had done conan comic book stories, and the background painters included james gurney, the illustrator of the dinotopia novels; though admittedly i had never read conan or dinotopia. and also the painter thomas kinkade, noted for his artwork for figurines, music-boxes for the bradford exchange company besides paintings. and like bakshi's films the lord of the rings and american pop, this movie was rotoscoped, but the process works better in this film than in the former.so overall, i think it's one of the best animated fantasy movies ever made, and an awesome collaboration between two great minds - ralph bakshi and frank frazetta. with plenty of fantasy, sexual innuendo, and thrilling adventure.

good story and excellent animation. the influence of frazetta and bakshi are obvious, and that's a good thing. anyone that enjoys conan the barbarian or the game dungeons and dragons should enjoy it. the battle between good and evil is clear cut even though it may appear that at times our hero is neutral. most often in fantasy movies elves are usually portrayed as having white skin and blond hair and goblins and orcs have dark skin and hair. anyone familiar with frazetta's, bakshi's, or even tolkien's work know they are not racist. anyone that enjoys fantasy movies should like this movie. it is not for young children due to violence and sexual innuendo. the casting was well done and the scenes and music are first rate. i hope someone puts this gem on dvd soon. i consider myself lucky to have a vhs copy in good condition.

fire and ice is an animated film set in a fantasy world. the film is about a village that is destroyed by a giant glacier which is the home of the evil ice lord named nekron. the only survivor of the village is a young man named larn who sets out to avenge those who were killed by the glacier. the ice glacier moves through the land of fire and the princess of the land named teegra is kidnapped by evil creatures. larn sets out to find her and also sets out to find and kill nekron. fire and ice is directed by ralph bakshi who is one of my favourite adult animators. he has brought us such animated masterpieces as the film version of fritz the cat and some films he has written himself, like the great film heavy traffic. i didn't like fire and ice nearly as much as i have ralph bakshi's other work, but i still found the film to be enjoyable. it had some very nice animation in parts and the story was entertaining enough. the only basic complaints i have is that i wish that there was more of a story to the film because the story it uses is very thin and there is not a lot to it. i also wish the film was a bit longer because it is under 80 minutes in running time. still it's an entertaining action adventure films that unlike fritz the cat or heavy traffic is appropriate for kids 8 and older. i only wish that there was a more developed story and it went on a bit longer than it did.

ever since i heard of the ralph bakshi version of "the lord of the rings" i wondered: what the hell is 'rotoscope' animation?!!! well... i finally found out... i saw this movie about three years ago not having any idea who ralph bakshi is... and i liked it... a lot... very good story line... it even has a little character development which is great for a cartoon... see it if you get bored with contemporary animation.... don't get me wrong... i'm not saying it's just a nice cartoon... it's a pretty good movie too...

this animation has a very simple and straightforward good vs. evil plot and is all about action. what sets it apart from other animation is how well the human movements are animated. it was really beautiful seeing the fleeing woman running around on the screen from left to right and look around, her movements were done so well. why don't they use this rotoscopic technique more these days? it's quite effective.fire and ice, in it's prehistoric setting and scarcely dressed women, was clearly devoted to showing the beautiful damsel in distress in various sexy ways, her voluptuous body serving as pure eyecandy. some may hate this and regard it as yet another moronic male sexual fantasy, others (including plenty of women) will adore it's esthetic quality. i for sure did not mind! bakshi just loves animating lushious, voluptuous babes, as can also be seen in cool world, and i don't think he has to apoligize since it's pretty much animation for adults. but i had also enjoyed this animation as a child and i never forgot it.this one was just special, so different from the standard disney or anime fare, and for that reason alone well worth the watch since it's possibly bakshi's finest. for those who like animations with lushious women: try space adventure cobra as well.i give fire and ice 8 out of 10.

i enjoy ralph bakshi films ("wizards", "cool world" and the underrated animated "lord of the rings") and am a frank frazetta collector and fan. i am also a sword and sorcery fan who loves the worlds of edgar rice burroughs and robert e. howard.i missed "fire and ice's" theatrical release back in 1983 and have looked forward to seeing it on video or at some revival ever since then. therefore the 2005 release was a dream come true for me. however, i bought it with some trepidation, because i hoped it would not be only worth watching once and then put on the shelf as a "collectible" gathering dust until the day i died. fortunately my fears were groundless and i was pleasantly impressed with this movie.as with frazetta art this is a gritty film that has a physicality and sexuality that is hard to find in most fantasy/sword and sorcery films without being cheesy or dirty. the art is good and you see glimpses of frazetta at his best. even my young boys loved watching it with me and ask to watch it again and again. however, my wife has some objections due to the scantily clad princess (very frazetta-esquire). i don't mind that because it is believable and there is no sex scene.there is roto-scoping used, but personally i enjoy roto-scoping. it gives more fluid and realistic movements to the characters that is hard to find in animation.despite some continuity problems, i recommend this film to all bakshi, frazetta, conan, and sword and sorcery fans. enjoy!

i won't claim to be a fan of ralph bakshi, because i am not. i have only watched 5 of his animated films so far: coonskin, wizards, fritz the cat and lord of the rings and finally "fire and ice". what i can claim, is that i found "fire and ice" to be the most enjoyable of the lot. it is a straightforward fantasy tale of swords and sorcery along the lines of conan the barbarian, but the beautiful artwork, realistic animation and lively film score effectively lends a very classic charm to this movie.deserving first mention, is the animation itself. i do not care what people say about rotoscoping but in my opinion ralph bakshi used that technique very effectively here. i was amazed at how realistic the movements of the characters were. the style of directing and the photo-realistic character designs made "fire and ice" feel more like a big budget fantasy blockbuster than a cartoon. sadly the level of art detail tends to get a little inconsistent, especially near the end of the movie. some scenes just look really flat with little to no body contour details or fabric folds and shadows on the characters.with realistic moving characters, realistic action would naturally follow. not only was the action well choreographed, but it was really brutal. i would be so bold as to compare the brutality of the action to live action movies like zack snyder's 300. i did notice however that though there was blood shed, the blood splatters were kept to a minimum. again, a great choice by the creative team that only heightens the viewing experience by not taking things too "over the top".though i do not recognize any "big names" in the cast, the voice actors manage to deliver a satisfying performance; keeping the delivery of every line realistically subdued and only hamming it up in the case of the bad guys.did i say bad guys?? yes i did. because that is exactly what the story is about, a standard good vs evil tale. nothing really original about the story which seems to merely be a mix of pre-existing fantasy film clichés that involve scantly clad warriors and maidens. anyone looking for "depth" would be sorely disappointed. the characters are not given much development and some of them like nekron and darkwolf are one dimensional at best(i did however hear rumor of some deleted scenes that explains darkwolf's obsession with killing nekron and his mother. scenes like that deserved full restoration and should have been included in the final cut to add a level of depth to the show). in fact, i would not be surprised to find out that the whole movie was just a "tech demo" of sorts to showcase the awesome animation and art, with the story cobbled together and thrown in as an afterthought in order to pass it off as a proper "movie".a true classic of a bygone era, "fire and ice" really captures the blazing spirit of adventure and mysticism with its beautiful renderings of fantastic creatures and charming characters. it is a unique vision of a world created by ralph bakshi and artist frank frazetta with a good measure of action and suspense. would it hold up to animated film standards of today? definitely not. but i urge animation fans in general to "get off your high horse" and give this simple but beautiful film a chance to grow on you. it is truly a gem of the 80s worth checking out.

why this movie has all but disappeared into obscurity is an absolute crime. "conan" is perhaps the only sword and sorcery movie better. the brutal violence, cool character designs, and good pacing, make this one of the best fantasies around. it is certainly the greatest animated movie aimed at a more adult audience that i have ever seen. this is not similar to bakshi's usual frenetic style. it's quite a departure for bakshi, and in my opinion his best work. i hope that this film gets the recognition it deserves.

in my opinion, this is a good example of the movie that could have been much better if it had been short 10 years earlier. i doubt it would benefit from modern technologies, but it would have looked much better if it was at least 90 minutes instead of 70.the artists and animated did a great job. in my opinion, this movie can boast the best background art and one of the best character design. animation are extremely smooth and realistic. for the duration of the movie you believe in the world you see, so everyone did a great job. it can also boast one of the sexiest female animated characters, if not the sexiest, that beets typical anime girls with ease.unfortunately, there are a couple of bad thins about this movie that will make it not so appealing at the moment. first, the plot and execution is comparable to contemporary adventure movies, and is really old-fashioned by modern standards. second, due to the duration time it would benefit a lot from extra 20 minutes of dialogs. finally, the setting is not so popular at the moment.conclusion: a great alternative to another short story about conan the barbarian, but not to a novel.

picked up the movie at the flea market for 4 bucks, sure did get my moneys worth!. could care-less about the hot babes but the animation just blew me away after a steady diet of simpsons (sorry mr. groening). the best part, facial expressions. recommend multiple viewings with some cool tunes, good friends and a couple of cold ones!

when i saw this animation for first time (i was 15 maybe) i was really impressed! it has completely different style compared to the japan animation and i kinda like it more. tho whole impression of the movie is more sinister and dark...the colors are not that ...colorous. the characters don't talk much, there are no long and boring conversations of this and that (like in ghost in the shell).with its dark pictures, views of strange beasts and sense of magic, it looks like one of those ancient scandinavian stories, full of violence and horrendous creators, enchanted forests and deep caves, dwelled by dragons, throlls, orks...and one mysterious hero to stop evil...

i own ralph bakshis forgotten masterpiece fire & ice on an old oop rental videotape. well for one thing, this is better than any other conan-esque film you'll ever see. sure, it's cheesy, but who cares? it stood the test of time, and the only way it started to look cheesy is in comparisons to modern fantasy epics like lotr:fotr (though i love that film.) the plot goes like this: after a battle between fire & ice, a kings daughter is kidnapped by jarols (ice) subhuman creatures, while a sole survivor of a victimized village rescues her. yeah it doesn't sound as a original as nurse betty, but that's not the point. it is really to bring to life an interesting idea of a world of two enemies: fire & ice. and it succeeds. as for the action scenes: superb. they are well handled, have terrific suspence, and have plenty of loud noises. just check out the climatic battle, now that's an ending! the acting and dialogue: competent. really. they aren't gonna be nominated for an oscar, but they are ok and don't get on your nerves. the animation is quite good. shot on 3d and rotoscoped (i think), it looks pretty good. a lot of the backgrounds look really detailed and well drawn, and although the character designs feel a little 1-dimentional, they are ok. overall, this is a fine neglected little gem and will entertain you more than any of the superfical "entertainment". 10/10

for his first ever debut this film has some riveting and chilling moments. in the best horror film fashion the pit of your stomach tightens every moment during this film. the ending is superb. the makers of blaire witch obviously watched this film it's ending wasn't an end but a beginning of the end. a great movie and only a piece of japan's great as far as scare factor a perfect score it makes you think and scared out of your mind.

not on the same level as ring (or ring 2) but still a good japanese horror flick nonetheless. i wish north american horror producers would take a page out of the japanese horror template and put more 'spookiness' and less cheap shocks in their flicks. lots of good examples in this one, scenes where a whited out face is scene staring behind a young actress, photographs on a wall are suddenly glimpsed smiling, just for a second, and more. worth checking out if you like the genre.

i really enjoyed this debut by ring director, hideo nakata. if you've seen ring beforehand then you'll be familiar with the style and idea of this flick. it's got a subtle spookiness about it that works better than the constant (and predictable) stingers that infest most mainstream movies of this genre. if you like films that give you the chills, then you will probably like this one. a good, creepy debut by hideo nakata. 8/10

this movie is practically impossible to describe. the alternate title "don't look up" is a lot more descriptive. like most japanese cinema, the story is not as linear as american. the story revolves around a director who is filming a story about a ww2 deserter. the set is haunted(?) by an actress who died(?) during the filming of a tv show back in the 60s. the director is the only one who saw this show. if you have seen ringu (the director hideo nakata is the same) and liked it, you'll like ghost actress. i loved ghost actress a lot more than ringu. a truly scary and disturbing movie. a 10!

after watching this film last night on sundance, i realized that much of nakata's style was first done in this film. here we have many of the same elements of the ringu series, especially the idea of the media being the source of the supernatural. instead of the cursed videotape, we instead having a haunted studio and strange images appearing on film. in fact, the strange images appearing on film brings immediately the cursed videotape in ringu to mind. the only thing missing was the obsession to water that runs through nakata's later films. the final scenes are quite chilling, with a bit of a nod to murnau, what with the door opening by itself ands the ghost entering the room, reminds me immediatly ofnosferatu. a chilling movie that will make think twice about going up to a catwalk.

i am a huge fan of say anything, jerry maguire, and almost famous (i wasn't that big on singles), so it's safe to say that i look forward to anything that cameron crowe attaches his name to. i went to see vanilla sky having been told that it was a very weird movie and that i probably wouldn't like it if i was expecting anything similar to crowe's other films. well, having just seen it, let me say that the former was correct, and the latter couldn't have been more wrong. it is a very weird movie, and nothing really comes together until the end. anyone who tells you that they saw it coming halfway into the movie is either lying to you or is unable to detach their hindsight from their memory. anyway, the movie was stellar, and i look forward to owning it as soon as the dvd is released. i was moved by the film, and felt emotionally spent by the end. this is an experience that will draw from the viewer the entire spectrum of human emotion, if the viewer allows him/herself into the plot. in the theatre in which i saw the movie, there were more than a few people who clearly lost track of the movie and were bored by it when they found that they were unable to get back into the plot. i'm sure others just lack the ability to properly follow any movie like this. i don't mean that to sound pompous, but some people are more cut out for the seagal, chan, van damme genre of movies, and these are the types that probably would not enjoy this movie. it is very cerebral, so make sure you are prepared for a two hour mental bender, as well as much thought afterwards.as far as comparing this film to other crowe movies, it is very similar in at least one regard, in all crowe movies, the soundtrack is a character unto itself. this is almost definitely due to crowe's longstanding ties to music, as anyone who has seen almost famous knows, and to his marriage to heart star nancy wilson. it was also worthy to note that there was a definite chemistry between tom cruise's acting and crowe's directing that made the movie seem familiar to anyone who has seen jerry maguire. in my mind, that is not a bad thing.anyway, if i had to compare this movie to any one other film, i would say this: if you enjoyed david fincher's the game, you will almost certainly be a fan of vanilla sky.

i think a lot of people just wrote this off as another one of tom cruise's weird movies (magnolia, eyes wide shut) but vanilla sky is definitely its own movie. many people said it was weird; it wasn't. it was different and confusing but not weird. weird is stanley kubrick or pauly shore. different is the truman show. confusing is the matrix or the game. and unlike kubrick, this movie has a conclusion. everything makes sense -- maybe not immediately, maybe not even today, but it will make sense. vanilla sky is confusing because david aames (tom cruise) is confused. that's the point. that's where the so-called "weirdness" that turned critics away came in. if they had bothered to "open [their] eyes" as the original 1997 spanish movie, they would have seen that. and if that's not enough reason to see it, go see it for the music. cameron crowe offers a wonderful soundtrack; he uses it to set the "feel" -- that notorious element that many movies lack. with songs like the beach boys' "good vibrations" playing at the dramatic and emotional climax of the movie, he creates an offbeat, yet astoundingly "right" feel. a wonderful film, in its script, music, acting, and images, vanilla sky is sadly, a superficial bandwagon movie that critics chide in order to appear intelligent. excellent: a+

comparable to fight club, the matrix, a.i., sixth sense, among others. this film approaches the psyche in a way never done before. the first 30 minutes builds a interesting love story between diaz-cruise-cruz. the rest of the movie is, well, confusing, you'll pick more every time you watch it (i've gone to the movies to see it 3 times now)

note: these comments are for people who have seen the movie.vanilla sky is a brilliant, complex, and thrilling movie that existentially explores exactly what the tag-line says: lovehatedreamslifeworkplayfriends. maybe the movie plot can come into focus for confused movie-goers if one looks at it from a different angle.considering the following:now, i have not painstakingly gone through the film scene by scene, so i will have to further examine my assertions, (and i welcome your thoughts) but give this a try and see if the movie doesn't fall into place: where exactly does the debatable 'splice' occur?now, i'm not talking about the splice as it is explained by the l.e. 'technician', since that sequence itself could be actually interpreted as a rationalization inside of david aames's mind/dream/coma state, but the true splice between reality and dream.it seems to me that the reality of the car crash, the way that it is filmed (no explosion, for example) is a likely 'splice' point, and that any particular sequence containing an existential/dream/coma/non-reality feel to it -- whether it's shown onscreen before or after the crash -- is actually a part of aames' personal journey toward self-realization inside of his own mind.in that respect, then, we are left with two questions at the very end(if you know of more, let me know): is aames actually disfigured, and where does he wake up?if you don't get entirely wrapped up in the exact sequence of details in the plot, or at what particular point his dreams are scattered throughout, this movie becomes a fascinating exploration of a human on a journey to find himself and what that means in today's pop-culture society.

it does seem like this film is polarizing us. you either love it or hate it. i loved it.i agree with the comment(s) that said, you just gotta "feel" this one.also, early in the film, tom cruise shows his girlfriend a painting done by monet--an impressionist painter. monet's style is to paint in little dabs so up close the painting looks like a mess, but from a distance, you can tell what the subject is. cruise mentions that the painting has a "vanilla sky". i believe this is a hint to the moviegoer. this movie is like that impressionist painting. it's impressionist filmmaking! and it's no coincidence that the title of the movie refers to that painting.this is not your typical linear plot. it requires more thought. there is symbolism and there are scenes that jump around and no, you're not always going to be sure what's going on. but at the end, all is explained.you will need to concentrate on this movie but i think people are making the mistake of concentrating way too hard on it. after it ends is when you should think about it. if you try to figure it out as it's unfolding, you will overwhelm yourself. just let it happen..."go" with it...keep an open mind. remember what you see and save the analysis for later.i found all the performances top notch and thought it to be tremendously unique, wildly creative, and spellbinding.but i will not critize the intelligence of those of you who didn't enjoy it. it appeals to a certain taste. if you like existential, psychedelic, philosophical, thought-provoking, challenging, spiritual movies, then see it. if you prefer something a little lighter, then skip it.but if you do like what i described, then you will surely enjoy it.

made me think about it for days after seeing it. that to me is the mark of a great movie. eyes wide shut had the same effect on me. i am tired of these people requiring these happy hollywood cookie-cutter endings. i am planning on going to see it again tonight to understand the plot a little better - but regardless, the emotional messages of the movie were totally felt.

warning: does contain spoilers.open your eyesif you have not seen this film and plan on doing so, just stop reading here and take my word for it. you have to see this film. i have seen it four times so far and i still haven't made up my mind as to what exactly happened in the film. that is all i am going to say because if you have not seen this film, then stop reading right now.if you are still reading then i am going to pose some questions to you and maybe if anyone has any answers you can email me and let me know what you think.i remember my grade 11 english teacher quite well. his name was mr. krisak. to me, he was wise beyond his years and he always had this circuitous way of teaching you things that perhaps you weren't all too keen on. if we didn't like shakespeare, then he turned the story into a modern day romance with modern day language so we could understand it. our class room was never a room, it was a cottage and we were on the lake reading a book at our own leisure time. this was his own indelible way of branding something into our sponge-like minds. i begin this review of vanilla sky with a description of this brilliant man because he once gave us an assignment that has been firmly etched in my mind, like the phone number of a long lost best friend, and it finally made some sense to me after watching the matrix. now if i didn't know better, i would have thought that the wachowski brothers were really just an alias for my teacher mr. krisak. but giving them the benefit of the doubt, we'll assume it wasn't him. but that was the first time this assignment was anything more than impalpable. he had asked us to prove to him and to ourselves that were real. show me how you can tell that you are real. this got the class spouting off all of the usual ideas that i'm sure you can imagine. everything from pain, to sense of touch to sense of loss to sense of hunger were spouted off to our teacher to prove to him that we were real. after every scenario that we gave him, he would come back with the one answer that would leave us speechless."what if you are nothing but someone else's dream?"what if you were someone else's dream? what a messed up question that is. this was a question/scenario posed to us about 15 years ago, before the astronomical use of the internet and rapid advancement of computers. how possible could it seem back then? but if you look at today's technology, now ask yourself, what it you were a part of someone else's dream.another brilliant but surreal film this year, david lynch's mulholland drive explored similar areas. but vanilla sky goes deeper than any other film could hope to. in short this is one film that will literally (if you let it) blow your mind from all of the possibilities that surround you.open your eyes.tom cruise plays david aames, a young, hot shot, righteous, full of himself publisher and owner of several magazines. he inherited this from his father and although he has talent and business savvy, his board of governers, the seven dwarfs, think he is a rich dink born with a silver spoon in his mouth. they feel he has done nothing to deserve the pinnacle of success that each and every one of them believes should go to them. early in the film we meet one of david's gorgeous toys named julie gianni, played with pernicious but bombastic perfection by cameron diaz. david and julie play a good game, both claiming they are just there to use each other and are not the slightest bit interested in a monogamous, committed relationship. this is the type of relationship commensurate with david's other flings he's had in the sexual prime of his life. and although both talk a good game, we can tell that only one is really telling the truth. next we meet brian shelby, played with a stroke of genius by kevin smith's good buddy jason lee. brian is writing a book that david is going to publish but they are also very good friends. this is something that david has very little of in his life and you can sense a real caring for one another early on in the film. brian has one famous line that he keeps telling david over and over again. and that is " the sweet ain't so sweet without the bitter." he goes on to tell him that one day he will find true love and not just this part time lover status that he seems to perpetrate with all of the floozies who inhabit his bed for a night or two.at david's huge birthday bash, (so huge that the likes of steven spielberg wish him a happy birthday) brian enters with his date, sofia sorrano, played of course by penelope cruz with what has to be the best performance of this year by an actress. this is a bash by invite only and at first david and sofia seem intrigued with one another. and in typical david fashion, despite his best friend being there, he begins to flirt with sofia. to complicate things, julie shows up uninvited and begins spying on david. david then spends the night with sofia, but they only talk and draw caricatures of one another. there is no hanky panky. the next day, as david is leaving sofia's apartment, he is greeted by julie, who offers him a ride and from there.......well, i think we have all seen the commercials.that is all i will really say about the plot, because from here the film teases us with what is reality and what is blurred perception. we are introduced to a character played by kurt russel and a few other shady characters that all play a part in this labyrinth like haze. there is a subtext of death and possible panacea-like cure-alls that may or not be able to create the possibility of eternal life. this is just one of the intriguing possibilities the movie offers us, but it doesn't end there.like many movies seem to thrive on today, this film has a secret. sixth sense may have began this craze, but look even further back and you can maybe thank angel heart for starting the craze. regardless of how it originated, vanilla sky has one of it's own surreptitious gut busters. and what makes this one so much fun is that the film gives you many obvious clues along the way but not enough to give you an apodictic solution to the gauntlet of truth and lies you have just put yourself through. i have seen this film four times and every time it has been because i want to see if there is something more i can pick up, something more i can understand. to be able to work your mind in the theater, to enable it to open up to new possibilities is something rare in a film. all of the ersatz so called "best pictures of the year" have been good but nothing spectacular. they lack substance. a beautiful mind was intriguing but flat, the royal tenenbaums was interesting but uneven. vanilla sky is a rarity because it is a film that leaves you yearning for more yet guarantees your satisfaction because the film and those that made it care about it. i know this film has received mixed reviews but i just think that those who don't like it don't quite understand it. this is what film making is supposed to be like. this is what a film is supposed to do to you. it is supposed to make you feel something. most of the other films this year have been just empty spaces. this one isn't.10 out of 10 the best film of the year. i would love to see this get nominated for best picture and i would love to see cruz up for best actress, diaz for best supporting, cruise for best actor and jason mewes should be a shoe in for best supporting actor. cameron crowe should there as well. none of this may come to pass, and that is a shame. this is one film that should not be missed. and on a final note, i am quite sure mr. krisak would like this film and maybe this is the one film that may answer his question. can you prove you are real? or are we just a figment of someone's imagination? are we artificially transplanted for someone else's bemusement? this is a film that spawns more questions than it does answers. and i'm sure that is just fine with him.open your eyes

this movie is another on the list that i did not want to see. i was talked into it and dragged into the theater, but boy am i glad for that. i thought it was going to be just another love story, but it turns out to be sooo much more than that. definatly an intellectual flick, one of those movies you have to pay attention to.

david aames is a rich good-looking guy who lives in new york city. when his 'sleeping partner' julie gianni gets very jealous after david falls for spanish beauty sofia, she gets david into her car and tells him that he's the only guy she loves and wants to be with, but seeing as he's in love with sofia, she decides to commit suicide with david in the car with her, by driving off a bridge. david survives the crash, but is left with a disfigured face. he is then charged with the murder of julie. the thing is, david doesn't know what's real and what's not as he keeps having these strange dreams (most of which are actually nightmares.) and flashbacks, some of which just don't make sense to him. everything will soon come back to him though as he's begins to find out the truth.well, there's an all star cast here, including tom cruise, penélope cruz, cameron diaz, kurt russell, jason lee and noah taylor who all give good performances in the movie. in the movie they all put off different things about there characters, like happiness, sadness, angry, etc. really well. there's also a cameo in the movie from the brilliant, steven spielberg.vanilla sky is a well made, different, interesting and original movie which will leave you talking about it a lot after it's finished. it's not just a thriller, but it's a real psychological thriller. the trailer for the movie is really good, but the movie is so different from what it might be made out to be. it's been directed very well and there were a couple of really great scenes here too. all in all, an enjoyable movie which should be really be paid attention too. they are sure making a lot of "are they dead, if not who is dead" movies recently.

as the one-line summary says, two movies have left such a remark on me when i walked out of the theater. the one was "stir of echoes" with kevin bacon, and the second was "vanilla sky".its one of those movies that you sit deep in the theater seat and stop thinking about anyone around you, stop wondering what the end of the movie will be and just leave the movie swift you where it wants... walking out of the cinema was a bit weird, like that feeling you get when you are sick and cant think of anything. one of those movies that you become one with the guy, and feel that nothing else moves around you than the things in the movie.one thing is certain. the actors are awesome, the sound track is excellent, and everything in the movie is 9+.surely one of the best movies i ever saw, and the movie that made the best and most shocking awaking about my life and my purpose in this world.

this film was just absolutly brilliant. it actually made me think. during the whole movie i was confused as hell. i loved everything about it...it was just so confusing and so twisted and weird, it was hard not to love it. all of the actors were phenominal, and no one could have done a better job...this is one of my favorites of the year...it deserves an ocar.

i went to see vanilla sky with a huge, huge, huge!!..tom cruise fan, my extremely cynical brother and my girlfriend ... what can i say .. i was totally blown away by the movie and especially tc's performance, i thought it was a very moving film and it was not at all what i was expecting.i had read the reviews and had decided not to go and see it, i am so pleased that i was 'coerced 'into seeing it. the strange thing is i cannot say why, all i can say is that i found it totally involving and could not stop thinking about it the next day. as to what i felt about the film, all i can say about is, its not the storyline (fantasy, psychodrama, whatever) its about the people and the events that shape their life and how small events, like getting into a car can change everything......as to what the critics wrote, yes maybe the original was a stunning 2nd film for alejandro amenábar , but this was a totally different interpretation of the subject, and by no means a narcissistic remake for the benefit of tom cruise and penelope cruz.i cannot even consider writing a couple of trite, glib sentences to describe the film just go and see it!!!!yes i know this isn't a balanced thoughtful review but so what .it's not that kind of film.

despite excellent trailers for vanilla sky, i was expecting to be disappointed by the film because i'd heard that it did not get great reviews. however, i left the cinema completely in awe of how good vanilla sky is.there was no bad acting at all in the whole film, every single character is believable. the romantic moments between cruise's character, david aames and cruz's character, sophia are tear-jerkingly realistic and intimate (probably due to the fact that they were a soon-to-be real-life couple).the plot of vanilla sky will confuse you in the last third of the film and there's very little chance of you guessing the ending. however, ends are tied up towards the end, leaving you with a strange mixture of feelings consisting of sadness, shock and empathy for david aames.the film is intellectual and you have to pay attention throughout. this isn't that hard because chances are that you'll be completely drawn in to the film and won't take your eyes off the screen for one second.i usually leave cinemas forgetting all about the film i just watch. but vanilla sky is still lingering in my mind days after watching it. i recommend it to anyone who wants a change from simple, shallow films.

i really liked this movie. i've read a few of the other comments, and although i pity those who did not understand it, i do agree with some of the criticisms. which, in a strange way, makes me like this movie all the more. i accept that they have got a pretty cast to remake an intelligent movie for the general public, yet it has so many levels and is still great to watch. i also love the movies, such as this one, which provoke so many debates, theories, possible endings and hidden subtext. congratulations mr.crowe, definitely in my top ten.p.s. saw this when it first came out whilst i was backpacking in mexico, it was late at night and i had to get back to my hotel and i had a major paranoia trip! where does the dream end and the real begin?

strangely, this version of open your eyes is more mature and more nuanced. aided by hindsight, crowe's screenplay is a lot tighter and more fleshed out than amenabar's original. the spanish filmmaker should get credit for thinking of the story first, but there's no doubt that crowe has improved on it -- if just slightly. notice that you have no idea what the lead did in open your eyes, but you know almost everything about the lead in vanilla sky. that's what i mean by more "fleshed out."

this is one of those movies that's difficult to review without giving away the plot. suffice to say there are weird things and unexpected twists going on, beyond the initial superficial "tom cruise screws around with multiple women" plot.the quality cast elevate this movie above the norm, and all the cast are well suited to their parts: cruise as the irritatingly smug playboy who has it all - and then loses it all, diaz as the attractive but slightly deranged jilted lover, cruz as the exotic new girl on the scene and russell as the fatherly psychologist. the story involves elements of romance, morality, murder-mystery, suspense and sci-fi and is generally an entertaining trip.i should add that the photography is also uniformly excellent and the insertion of various visual metaphors is beautiful once you realize what's going on.if you enjoy well-acted movies with twists and suspense, and are prepared to accept a slightly fantastic philip k dick style resolution, then this is a must-see. 9/10

after reading some quite negative views for this movie, i was not sure whether i should fork out some money to rent it. however, it was a pleasant surprise. i haven't seen the original movie, but if its better than this, i'd be in heaven.tom cruise gives a strong performance as the seemingly unstable david, convincing me that he is more than a smile on legs (for only the third time in his career- the other examples were magnolia and born on the fourth of july). penelope cruz is slightly lightweight but fills the demands for her role, as does diaz. the only disappointment is the slightly bland kurt russell. in the movie, however, it is not the acting that really impresses- its the filmmaking.cameron crowe excels in the director's role, providing himself with a welcome change of pace from his usual schtick. the increasing insanity of the movie is perfectly executed by crowe (the brief sequence where cruise walks through an empty time square is incredibly effective). the soundtrack (a distinguishing feature of a crowe movie) is also sublime.you will be shocked and challenged as a viewer. the plot does seem a little contrived but the issues explored behind it are endlessly discussable. the movie isn't perfect, but its a welcome change of pace for cruise and crowe and for those raised on a diet of hollywood gloss, should be a revelation.

i really can say i felt the movie in its right essence where the mind games from dreamy reality enter into the surreal aspect of future faced by tom cruise. i didn't cared much about tom cruise's acting prowess but i must say that he seems to impress at every point in the movie...not simply due to an engaging storyline but also due to his self being imparted to the lead character....they merge and then speak and its beautiful. however i must say this movie doesn't come under the "average flick of weekend" which you pick at random and watch gleefully; it carries strong sentiments and characters so don't wash this one down with your beer and pop-corns. it certainly needs more than that.

this movie consists of such great emotion especially with its outstanding soundtrack that coincides with the film. tom cruise is one of my favorite actors because of his enthusiasm to make films and to entertain. this movie was not the best the first time i watched it, but after about 3 more times i decided that this is one of the best films that i have ever seen. it takes place in new york, and progresses on through his lifestyle. he discovers a delimma in his life with his girlfriend (diaz). he goes through a state of depression and then an outgoing blend of imagination. this film was beyond my expectations, and is one of cruise's best films ever!

i'm from romania i'll try to speak in english. all i want to say about this movie is that it is and will be my all time number one. seen it above 30 times at least and will see it for many years now. it has all the little things i like in a movie , it's very touching makes me cry . shows a whole lot of twisted love things and questions about love and reality , and the true things that matter for different people. it so happens that for me this matters the most , the love , the soul of a man , he's inner being, and this i see in this movie. perhaps for me it's much more than a motion picture , it's a proof in my mind that it could really exist and that you most make the best out of every moment you live with your soul mate. it's a long way from reality to sci-fi , but .. what if. what if all the capitalism disappeared and economy would go down , would fall? we would all be concerned about other issues and my thought is that , on your death bed , the bigger thing you remember , is not the wealth , not the adventure , not the countries you visited and the people that remember you. but the true friends and your true love and the hope that after you die , all will be god damn perfect and people would be good and care more. watch this movie and probably it will guide you through your life like it did to me :) hail from romania

"the sweet is never as sweet without the sour." this quote was essentially the theme for the movie in my opinion. tom cruise plays a young man who was handed everything in his life. he takes things for granted and it comes around full swing in this great movie with a superb twist. this film will keep you engaged in the plot and unable to pause it to take a bathroom break.its a movie that really makes you step back and look at your life and how you live it. you cannot really appreciate the better things in life (the sweet), like love, until you have experienced the bad (the sour). the theme will really get you to "open your eyes".only complaint is that the movie gets very twisted at points and is hard to really understand. i think the end is perfect though. i recommend you watch it and see for yourself.

this film is one of tom cruise's finest films. he captures the audiences imaginations with his role of david aames. his character can relate to us all in some way.the story line is very clever and keeps the audience on edge throughout the whole film. i never really watched cruise movies that much before but after seeing this it shows me his true talent. my favourite part in the movie is the end where it all comes to a big conclusion and he find out the truth. if you have not seen this yet you definitely should give it a try. it's one of those films that once you've started watching it you just got to see it until the end or it will keep you thinking and you will regret it. my opinion is you should just go buy it and take a risk thats what i did and it became one of my favourite films of all time. it's a* 10/10 i promise once you watch it, it will stick with you and you will like it forever.

i could not agree more with the quote "this is one of the best films ever made." if you think vanilla sky is simply a "re-make," you could not be more wrong. there is tremendous depth in this film: visually, musically, and emotionally.visually, because the film is soft and delicate at times (early scenes with sofia) and at other times powerful and intense (times square, post-climactic scenes).the music and sounds tie into this movie so perfectly. without the music, the story is only half told. nancy wilson created an emotional, yet eclectic, score for the film which could not be more suitable for such a dream-like theme (although never released, i was able to get my hands on the original score for about $60. if you look hard, you may be able to find a copy yourself). crowe's other musical selections, such as the beach boys, josh rouse, spiritualized, sigur ros, the monkees, etcetera etcetera, are also perfect fits for the film (crowe has an ear for great music).more importantly, the emotional themes in this film (i.e. love, sadness, regret) are very powerful, and are amplified tenfold by the visual and musical experience, as well as the ingenious dialogue; i admit, the elevator scene brings tears to my eyes time and time again.the best part of this film however (as if it could get any better) is that it is so intelligently crafted such that each time you see the film, you will catch something new--so watch closely, and be prepared to think! sure, a theme becomes obvious after the first or second watch, but there is always more to the story than you think.this is easily cameron crowe's best work, and altogether a work of brilliance. much of my film-making and musical inspiration comes from this work alone. it has honestly touched my life, as true art has a tendency of doing. it continually surprises me that there are many people that cannot appreciate this film for what it is (i guess to understand true art is an art itself).bottom line: vanilla sky is in a league of its own.

"vanilla sky" was a wonderfully thought out movie. or rather, "abre los ojos" was well thought out. i watched that movie late one night, excited about what was to come. i wasn't disappointed. by the end of the movie, i was awstruck. i couldn't get it off my mind. the whole idea of it just blew me away. the ending, was more of a surprise than shyamalan could ever do. the plot line was also something that kept me interesting through and through. the cast, superb. it was an all around wonderful movie. the kind of movie you can watch again and again and always find something new. i've seen it four or five times and i'm always finding something new. it's a movie to keep you interested forever.

vanilla sky is a 2001 remake of the 1997 movie abre los ojos (open your eyes). and in my opinion, a much more human and emotional version. tom cruise plays david aames, a selfish egomaniac who takes other people's emotions for granted, and thinks only of himself. jason lee plays brian shelby, david's best, and in many ways, only friend. penelope cruz plays sofia serrano, brian's girlfriend whom accompanies him to david's birthday party. cameron diaz plays julie gianni, david's occasional bed buddy. kurt russell plays dr. curtis mccabe, a psychologist interviewing david. all of their interactions, and the consequences of them, make vanilla sky one of the most emotional, and complex thrillers ever made. i won't explain anymore of the plot, because it's far more compelling, the less you know. ignore all people that call this film too confusing to follow. if you pay attention, you won't be confused. the film is very complex, but not confusing. and in my opinion, one of the best movies ever made.

how strange the human mind is; this center of activity wherein perceptions of reality are formed and stored, and in which one's view of the world hinges on the finely tuned functioning of the brain, this most delicate and intricate processor of all things sensory. and how much do we really know of it's inner-workings, of it's depth or capacity? what is it in the mind that allows us to discern between reality and a dream? or can we? perhaps our sense of reality is no more than an impression of what we actually see, like looking at a painting by monet, in which the vanilla sky of his vision becomes our reality. it's a concept visited by filmmaker cameron crowe in his highly imaginative and consciousness-altering film, `vanilla sky,' starring tom cruise and penelope cruz. at the age of thirty-three, david aames (cruise) inherits a publishing empire left to him by his father. his fifty-one percent controlling interest, however, has made him something of a marked man, as there are seven members of his board of directors, and each deems himself more worthy than the young mr. aames of the lion's share of the company. and fueling the fires of discontent is their perception that david lacks the focus the job requires.admittedly, david likes to play; still, he's in control of the business and does what he sees fit, whether the board (he refers to them as the `seven dwarfs') likes it or not, and no one has ever had the courage to challenge him directly. but during a lavish birthday party in his honor, one of the corporate lawyers, thomas tipp (timothy spall) warns david that the seven are up to something behind his back. at the time, however, it's the last thing on david's mind; he's been having a casual affair with a friend, julie gianni (cameron diaz), but even that moves to the back burner when he meets a woman at his party that he can't get out of his mind. her name is sofia (penelope cruz), and after knowing her for only one night, she becomes a pivotal part of his life-- which is about to be turned upside down, as on the morning after his party he makes a decision that will change his life forever. and he is about to learn that sometimes, there is simply no going back.director cameron crowe has crafted and delivered much more than just another film with this one; far more than a movie, `vanilla sky' is a vision realized. beginning with the first images that appear on screen, he presents a visually stunning experience that is both viscerally and cerebrally affecting. it's a mind-twisting mystery that will swallow you up and sweep you away; emotionally, it's a rush-- and it may leave you exhausted, because it requires some effort to stay with it. but it's worth it. think `memento' with a driving rock n' roll soundtrack and a vibrant assault of colors proffered by the stroke of an impressionist's brush. there's darkness and light, and sounds that pound and drive until you can feel the blood rushing through your veins and throbbing in your brain. and all played out on a landscape of virtual reality swirling beneath that ever expanding vanilla sky. simply put, this one's a real trip; it's exciting-- and it's a mind bender.as to the performances here, those who can't get past the mind-set of tom cruise as maverick in `top gun,' or his ethan hunt in `mission impossible,' or those who perceive him only as a `movie star' rather than an actor, are going to have to think again in light of his work here. because as david aames, cruise gives the best performance of his career, one that should check any doubts as to his ability as an actor at the door. he's made some interesting career choices the past few years, with films like `magnolia' and `eyes wide shut' merely warm-ups for the very real and complex character he creates here. and give him credit, too, for taking on a role that dispels any sense of vanity; this is cruise as you've never seen him before. `jerry maguire' earned him an oscar nomination, and this one should, also-- as well as the admiration and acclaim of his peers. cruise is not just good in this movie, he is remarkable.penelope cruz turns in an outstanding, if not exceptional performance, as well, as sofia, the woman of david's dreams. there's an alluring innocence she brings to this role that works well for her character and makes her forthcoming and accessible, yet she lacks any hint of mystery that may have added that special `something extra' to the part. but crowe knows how to get the best out of his actors, and he certainly did with cruz.he also knew what he was doing with cameron diaz, who is absolutely vibrant in the role of julie. she's never looked better, and fairly sizzles on screen. but make no mistake, this is no `window-dressing' part, and diaz delivers a complete package with this character. the quality of her performance can be measured, in fact, in the impact she makes with rather limited screen time. and it's the persona she integrates so fully with her innate beauty that makes julie so unforgettable. overall, a terrific job by diaz.the supporting cast includes kurt russell (dr. mccabe), jason lee (brian), johnny galecki (peter), armand schultz (dr. pomerantz), noah taylor (ed), mel thompson (`l.e.' man), jean carol (woman in new york) and john fedevich (silent ed). about half-way through, this one may have you questioning your own sense of reality; but rest assured, by the end of `vanilla sky' all will be revealed. it's a reality-bender, to be sure, and a wild one; but this is exciting entertainment that offers a satisfying-- and unique-- experience, one you have to see to believe. it's the essential, and absolute, magic of the movies. 10/10.

i had heard some not too good things about this movie and had probably seen the low score here at imdb and that's why i had avoided it. today they showed vanilla sky on tv and as i had nothing better to do... and as it turned out, i would have had a hard time finding anything better to do. vanilla sky is a frightening, sad and touching movie, actually one of the best i've seen in a while. i was surprised by how i was affected watching it. it's hard to explain, but during the movie your feelings towards the characters and your perception of what is going on changes and it's quite an emotional journey. vanilla sky really touched me in a way that is very rare for a movie, or any media for that matter.i really recommend everyone to watch this movie. regardless of what you have heard about it.

i for one really like this movie for some reasons i'll go into late but i want to touch on why i think people don't like it. first off, there are people out there who just like to hate tom cruise. i don't understand it really. second, cameron crowe i think successfully p***es off two groups of movie-goers with this film. the casual, relaxed, "not looking to think too hard" group of movie-goers are left confused when the plot takes a complete 180 at the end of the movie. and the deep, philosophical, mystery-fans are devastated when crowe has one of his characters completely explain the mystery.this is a good movie. and tom cruise does a very good job in it. i think it's probably his best performance from what i've seen all though i haven't seen all of his movies, or even a majority of them probably. the supporting cast is good as well. penelope cruz gives a solid performance and jason lee was enjoyable.i like the story, and i think that's what vanilla sky is more than anything. it's a mystery, an adventure, and a romantic comedy, but it's mostly just a good story. and it has a lot of philosophical undertones to it, and many similar ideas and stories like this occur in historical philosophy. david aames (cruise) is the man that had everything he wanted, more or less lost it, was given a second chance with a catch to regain it all back, and in the end facing his demons and the full scope of what is happening, chooses reality, simplicity, and normality to see if he can finally find the one thing he could never get a grip on: happiness.many people were disappointed that crowe laid out the complete mystery at the end. i think it's necessary. the audience then knows beyond a shadow of a doubt that david is aware of his circumstances and it makes the choice at the end all the more powerful.and the music in the movie is great. it's probably what makes the movie as enjoyable as it is. particularly, "njosnavelin" by sigur ros, which is an amazing song.all in all, i'd give it 3 out 4 stars. it's a movie with some substance for those who like to think things through, and a great story for those looking to relax. that "moderate" approach is probably why people dislike it so much because it isn't a full blown mystery, or a full blown love story. it mixes and matches different elements and genres.

lost isn't the greatest tv show in history, but it's not far off. it doesn't have the plot or characterisation of the west wing or possibly even early er, however, it is arguably the most continuously gripping show i have every come across. i love the way i can't guess what's going to happen. i love the re-telling of the characters' back stories which often give rise to new dimensions for us to see them in. in some ways i want the show to last forever, but i think they can get 6-7 seasons out of it before they have to end it on a glorious high. the combination of the characters and their nationalities coupled with the show's fluidity for moving backwards and forwards thus extending dead characters "life spans" all adds to the overwhelming sense that this show is something very different from what we are used to. it's captivating, surprising and (here's a little suggestion for all of you conspiracy theorists) more than a little interactive- keep those internet discussions going- you're only adding to the plot...

the first episode immediately gave a good impression what to expect from the series! mysteries waiting to be solved and a lot of good drama! i love the fact that they gradually reveal the stories concerning the characters! explaining just enough to stay excited! of course this show has some flaws! in the first two series there are some characters who for some reason don't show up in the third season! many of the characters have a decent sent off but some of them just aren't there! like rose and her husband! where the hell are they? what happened to them? maybe they will return in later episodes! but it is a little inconsistent! that being said "lost" manages to be thrilling every episode(especially the first two seasons)! that is a very hard thing to do! i do notice that in the third season the focus is more on character development than the mystery aspects of the show! this is not a bad thing! it even saves some episodes from getting boring! one of the elements that can be considered the strength of this show are the wonderful characters! you will grow to love these characters! good or bad! but eventually i will want to see some mysteries to be solved and get closure! the danger of "lost" getting canceled due to declining ratings is near! and that would be devastating!

lost holds something interesting for everyone. you can say an awfully lot about this series, and an awfully lot has been said, so i won't be the one to spell it all out for you again. just read the persons who loved it, and you'll know why you want to watch it. the nice thing about this series is that its totally new. there are not much movies -and even fewer- series based on the theme of only suspense, but lost lives up to the theme with pride. its all about the unexplained and if you combine that with an exotic location, nice plot twists, an excellent cast and a good format (present and past combined in single episodes) you'll have a series in which every episode is a story on its own but part of a greater telling. you want to have all the insights of the characters, you want to see the overall picture and you'll want to know where the writers are taking you. the result of that is that its a series which does not let you go. on a more sceptic note, the series went under a bit in season 2, probably due to its own success. it is well known that lost was only written for one season originally and when the overwhelming success followed, the writers were overwhelmed too. in my opinion they made the mistake to add even more mysteries and in a higher pace in season 2, then to solve the ones (or partially at least) the ones of season 1. at the end of season 2 you ended with a big blurr of secrets, plot twists and unexplained phenomena, but there is only so much a viewer can take. the difference between season 2 and 3 however was huge. season 3 handed out a lot of insights, to partially replace them with new questions. and that's exactly how they should write; you want to thumble from one plot twist to the next, not get a tsunami of secrets spread all over you and then pick up a few to explain to the viewers. they got that in season 3 and brings us a promising series future for season 4. its good to see that such a different format of a series, can be so hugely popular.

"lost", "24", "carnivale", "desperate housewifes"...the list goes on and on. these, and a bunch of other high-quality, shows proves that we're in the middle of a golden age in television history. "lost" is pure genius. incredible layers of personal, and psychologically viable, stories, underscored by sublime cinematography (incredible to use this word, when describing a tv-show), a killer score, great performances and editing. anyone who isn't hooked on this, are missing one of the most important creative expressions in television ever. it may have its problems, when watching only one episode a week, but the dvd format is actually an incredible way to watch this. hope they keep it up (as i'm sure they do).

before lost everything shown on tv was predictable . you could predict who was gonna die or who will find something, but in lost you could predict nothing. every thing was so surprisingly stunning and it really was a mystery not because it has so many secrets but because there was nothing like it before everything was so great. i literally became addicted to it. lost is a classic work of art. it gives you something to look forward to every week. it is genius. the surrounding is brilliant it is calm and warm at the beach and so scary in the jungle. the characters are a work of genius every one of them especially the ones already on the island. the castaways are so dramatic yet we can never predict their deaths because they have so much more to do and so much more to say and they have secrets affecting the other castaways that die with them.

after becoming completely addicted to six feet under, i didn't think there would ever be another show that would come close to being as good as this show. well, i was wrong! lost is spellbinding!! i absolutely love this show and cannot turn it off. the richness of the characters, the intricacies of the plot, the beautiful setting are all amazing. i am totally and completely hooked. i don't know how the creators do it, but each character touches me very deeply. i feel their joy, their pain, everything, right down to my core!!! i don't have cable so i've been renting the series on netflix. when i put it on i watch all the episodes at once and feel sad when it is over. i can't wait for the next disc to arrive at my house. this is probably the best tv show i have ever seen!!!

lost is one of a kind...its so enchanting and full of suspense, thrill and emotions all at the same time.i have never seen any tv series like this before. it is full of jungle thrills and has a good screenplay. the actors have emoted life on an island in such a natural way that i feel lost in the island myself while watching it.it is an excellent piece of work narrated in a very intelligent form.the series is like a movie depicting the life of the survivors lost on a deserted island.i am tempted to watch one episode after the other and i highly recommend this series for all the tv show lovers.watch it to see the magic of being lost in nowhere.

the 1st season was amazing, the whole idea of them adjusting to the island, while mysteries were being explored (and seen) was just phenomenal; filled with suspense, tons of cliffhangers, and an amazing plot. i mean, i love the whole idea of just seeing them get used to the island. and then first seeing the smoke monster in the first episode really caught my attention. from then on, i was hooked the second season was right on par with the 1st season, only a little better. i absolutely loved the idea of the hatches and the dharma initiative. the whole plot and sequences of season 2 were mysterious, creepy, and exciting. i loved all the suspense surround others on the island, but the dharma story really made season 2 amazing.season 3 wasn't quite as good as 1 and 2 ... but nonetheless, great. i loved seeing the back-stories of the others, seeing their camp, and seeing the mysteries further explored. ("tricia tanak is dead" is one of my favorite episodes). this season, while not as good, was still breathtaking and fun, but most of all exciting! now, the 4th season. i had hopes for this season, and the 1st couple of episodes we're good, but then it really started to get boring and monotonous. i mean, i really despise the new "rescuers" such as miles and daniel. the plot got old after the first couple episodes ... and most of all .... season 4 was stripped away of something which made lost a perfect series: the mystery, suspense, comedy mixed in (charlie gone) and overall excitement. also, some of my favorite characters have left.

lost is largely considered one of the most beautiful tv series that have never done ... and so is ... if you lovers of mysteries, intrigue and adventure this is the series for you ...in the first season ... since the first episode starts to go increasingly to move forward until you get to the second season ... in the second you lose a little its cocktail of mystery and expectation and pushes very on and reveal the various mysteries that the island hides ... the third season is perhaps the second most beautiful because resumed suffered since the first episode with the pace and tenacity of the first season ... the fourth also not let pass unnoticed and tends to reveal a little mysteries ... but not as the second season but at a somewhat different ... for the fifth season expects ...

series 1as the uk eagerly awaits the launch of series two of 'lost', series one (which just finished showing here) did not disappoint.a group of over forty passengers struggle to cope after their plane crash-landed into a deserted island. they pray for rescue. however, as the days turn into weeks and the survivors explore the rainforest that surrounds them, they begin to wonder whether they are alone.admittedly, the series has a hard time keeping up the pace after the explosive pilot episodes, which hurls at the group a polar bear, a giant beastie and the possibility of others on the island. nevertheless, the series manages to pick itself up after a few episodes and is outstanding by the final episode. possibly the greatest thing about 'lost' is the fact that we visit each character's life before the crash in a series of flashbacks. this gives us more insight and, hence more suspense and excitement as the events unfold in the present.ultimately, this show is a superb combination of drama, suspense and the supernatural; it is, quite simply, unmissable.spoilers for season 1 followseries 2after the cliffhanger that was the end of series 1 of 'lost', series 2 begins with our protagonists delving deep into the heart of the phenomenon that is the hatch. they discover a mysterious man who has a job to do. meanwhile, michael and sawyer struggle to cope with the aftermath of what happened on the raft.as the series progresses, the viewers will be unable to bring themselves to turn off their television set, as every episode of the series contains more twists than a curly-wurly chocolate bar, one of which introduces a whole host of new characters. with every mystery solved with 'lost', five brand new ones seem to come out of the woodworks. after the 974th plot twist of the series, it finally dawns on the viewer that it doesn't actually matter whether the plane-crash survivors make it off the island. however, the stunning series finale answers just over half of those questions, despite its anti-climatic ending.

lost is an extremely well made tv series about some people that are lost on an island. there's so many twists and turns that you can't really decide who your favourite character is, one minute its him then he does something so he's coolest then shes about to do something so shes the coolest then suspense builds up and just as you are about to burst the episode ends and your like noooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!so you have to wait a whole week too see the next episode but it is worth the wait. suspense, action, romance, humour its got it all apart from the topless girls but thats good as it means that you can actually concentrate on the story more and story is what this is all about. so if you like a good story and like suspense this is a good one however 24 i think is probably better.(i have a review on that too that you could check it out.) i would give lost a good 8 out of 10 mainly because its so unpredictable, you never know what will happen next.

the first series of lost kicked off with a bang... literally and slowly decreased in pace. this may have put some viewers off and people who started to watch halfway through would either be bored or just plain confused. i would advise people new to the world of lost to simply watch from the beginning and don't get pt off by the slower episodes. the acting throughout is excellent but why have 5 series' planned... why??? all this means is that there will be no answers for at least 4 years, oh well, i'll keep watching if it keeps the tension up and dialogue flowing.

it's not well shot, well written or well acted but it has to be the most addictive show i've seen since twin peaks. every single revelation is timed so well that you have to see the next episode to get any kind of closure. they have even slowed down the pace of the show where they only reveal tiny amounts of information per episode however it feels like they've just told you everything you wanted to know. however some of the acting is just about awful and some of the duologue is downright brutal. some characters are very two dimensional. the more experienced actors like locke and ecko really stand out over actors who play jack, kate, sayid and so on. the development of the show can also be very frustrating as the following episode may not show what the previous episode lead up to. annoying side plots have become part of the story that sometimes tell you nothing. however, the second season has developed to a point where back stories reveal more about the island than they had previously. all in all its a great show but not perfect.

i watched the first series avidly, but wondered whether i'd go back again after a lengthy break from it. however, i tuned into episode one of series 2 and was hooked all over again. this really is excellent telly; ground-breaking stuff like mission:impossible back in the 1960s. the characters are well rounded, and expand as the series goes on, they change as they adapt - some more readily than others - to their new surroundings, but they cleverly remain strictly in character, and yet it is more than possible to have sympathy for someone whom you wouldn't have thought you could ever feel sorry for, when something really crushing happens to them. i hope there will be many years of 'lost' to look forward to - and i don't actually mind all that much if i never get answers to all the mysteries!

an absolutely brilliant show. the second season began where the first ended, with much mystery. suspense in most, if not all episodes and mystery everywhere. one that made me think and think again. it's truly amazing how the writer can come out with all the connections and link all the characters together and combine all these elements to make the lives of the characters in the show so meaningful. never fail to excites and i am looking forward to the new season. hopefully more secrets will be reveal and at the same time, more mystery to be solved. good selection of cast too for this show, fit the characters perfectly. really can't wait to finally discover the secret. hopefully all the hype won't spoil the ending.

only seen season 1 so far but this is just great!! a wide variety of people stuck on a island. nobody are who they seem to be and everybody seems to have loads of skeletons in their closets .... it sounds like melrose place meets the crusoe family and why is that so great ? it probably is not but then ad a spoon full of x files, a dose of "what" ?? and a big "hey" and a island that is everything you ever dreamed of - in your freakiest nightmares and you'll be lost to. the story got so many twists and turns it is unbelievable. great set up, solid acting with a liberating acceptance that at the end of the everybody is human (well almost everybody ... i think ...)with good and bad sides. but weird oh so weird ...

"i have looked into the eye of this island, and what i saw was beautiful," proclaims one of the main characters in abc's award winning television show "lost". the series could be summarized as a drama story about a group of plane crash survivors stranded on an unknown island, but that would be doing the show a disservice. "lost" follows a large group of characters who come into conflict with the island, each other, and ultimately themselves as they struggle with their new way of life and their dependency on each other. the situation becomes more complicated when it becomes clear this isn't an ordinary island, either - and that they may not be alone.my initial fear after hearing the concept of this series was the lack of new stories they could tell us after a certain period, but this proved to be unfounded. the narrative flows naturally, the dialogue is witty, the characters are memorable and the execution is superb. the island is a character all on its own, and to understand this comment you'd have to see the series for yourself, which only goes to show its originality and greatness.at the time of writing this review, only the first two seasons have aired, and they're filled with strong episodes. my only mild criticism is that the second season seems to slow down a bit halfway, but then fortunately comes back in admirable shape for the final episodes.if i can recommend one television series you should be following right now, it would certainly be this one. if you like excitement, adventure, character driven stories, an extremely strong cast and crew, beautiful locations, and an island that seems more spiritual than natural, "lost" is for you. just be sure you start at the beginning.

ok i'll be honest, when i first saw the trailer for the programme, i thought it was an advert for some sun-screen product. with all the people walking around on the beach. despite this i decided to watch it, thinking it would be some new show i could laugh at. but i was seriously amazed.from the first 10 seconds of the program i was hooked, why is he lying in the trees, why did the plane crash etc etc.it's not everyday that a show comes along which combines intelligence, humour, action and suspense. but 'lost' manages all of this. with a great cast and crew, beautiful locations, and pretty decent special effects, 'lost' will catch anyone who tunes in, and is a must see for anyone who's sick of cheesy sitcoms and crappy reality tv.lost is on tuesdays at 10 on channel 4 (uk) 4, 8, 15, 16, 23, 42 =o

/the first episode i saw of lost made me think, i thought what is this some people who crashed and get chased by a giant monster. but it's not like that, it's far more than that,because their is no monster at all and every episode that you see of lost , well it's getting better every time. a deserted island with an underground bunker and especially the connection between the people who crossed paths with each other before they crashed. that's the real secret.this series rules and i can't wait to know what's really going on there i hope that they don't air the last 2 episodes in the theaters,this series deserves a 9 out of 10

i am obsessed! the story is amazing and the show is highly addictive, but i love it. i am on season 2, disc 5, and i tell you that i am too attached to the characters now. for anything bad to happen to them would seriously affect my vote for the show. and, michael is on my list now. kidding... i am so happy to see there is a season 3, because i was too afraid to go onto disc 6 thinking that it would be ending. i can't wait to see the rest now. thanks to the directors/producers/and actors of lost...i enjoy watching tv again. before lost i surfed through every channel going to bed sad because of my disappointment in television, but i have to say that lost is my kind of entertainment!

this show is without a doubt one of the greatest shows ever to be on television. i mean the acting is great, the suspense, the drama, the comedy, it has everything, and with such a simple story: a plane crashed on an island. the characters are great and evangeline lilly is hot!!!!!! matthew fox once again shows us what a great actor he is, josh holloway is so great, jorge garcia is hilarious, i could go on and on. also, the unexpected plot twists, the back stories of the characters, the music that is at the end of every episode. j.j. abrahms has once again proved what an excellent writer and producer he is. i mean this is better than alias, and i loved alias. whoever isn't watching this show, should definitely consider getting the dvd's and watching it, because they are missing something great. this show could possibly be the best show in television history!!

here is an innovative television drama; which so easily blends a compelling story, brilliantly drawn out character development, humour, romance, and drama into each episode. here is a show that sings to it's own tune, whether it's audience chooses to follow or not. how many other shows on television these days so boldly change in tone from one season to the next? where most of the other top shows on this site have found a formula that works, that brings in the viewers and the dollars and have stuck like glue to that formula (prison break, 24, and desperate housewives come to mind) - lost takes a different route where even after achieving that plateau and that winning formula, the team of executive producers are brave enough to completely reinvent the show in order to service their higher goal of compelling storytelling. this is where lost differentiates itself from normal television. this is how it's so defiant of conventional tv. and this is why lost is one of the most cutting edge and innovative creations of modern television. forget the naysayers - lost is, has been, and always will be, there to appease it's cult following first and the general public next. but it's a testament to it's inventiveness that it's garnered a fan base which consists of the best of both audiences.

a very addictive series.i had not seen an exact combination among drama, action, suspense and sci-fi never before. i am impressed every chapter. the screenplay is very intelligent, i don't know how the creators invent all this amazing stories, every character have a strange past, troubles, stormy relationships, it gives to the show the human sense needed for creating intimate characters.the most incredible is the fact that all the characters are related among them: the numbers, they have met before without knowing it, and so on. the others, enigmatic security system and the darma initiative are elements that don't let us lose a chapter.mr. jj abrams, what did you think to create this amazing story?

hi:i heard about lost from a co-worker that had obvious differences of opinion on entertainment, he loved it. well i watched an episode or 2 in the early seasons and was bored, so i tuned it out. after a few years i stumbled upon lost; bored with the current sci-fi fare. wow was i surprised. can you say gravity well, damn i got sucked in. the pace and scripting are very good, some of the flash forward/backs are so so with the lamer characters, but over all good. my favorite characters are ben, locke, jacob, richard alpert, sayid jarrah, sawyer, hurley, daniel faraday, jin & wife, walt, charlie, desmond, and jack's dad. jack and michael definitely are immature asshats, very spoiled and immature. kate 1 step above them, juliet was way more classy than kate. mr. eko way under-rated and on the level of charlie if not more, too bad they both died. the guy dressed in black talking to jacob (way back) is a genuine curiosity. as a whole great, very layered series: looking for more.regards

intriguing. exciting. dramatic. explosive. complex. epic. words that only touch the tip of the iceberg in terms of the grand story that is lost being told.from the acting down to the rare visual effects, lost is the essential show on television for fans of science-fiction, fantasy, action, adventure, and lots and lots of mystery.each cast member is so well chosen, and so good in their roles, that you either love them, or hate them, or downright wish them dead.the visual effects, when used (which is rare) are actually quite well done considering the usual production of shows. be it the "smoke monster", to the polar bears, lost is believable in terms of eye-candy.as far as story goes, nothing can compare to the vast complexity this show has made viewers like me endure. beginning to end, continuity is virtually perfect, characters are developed, and the ever-evolving story slowly gives the answers to its questions so many crave.overall, there is practically no flaw in lost. it does for dramatic/sci-fi television what arrested development did for comedy: it has set the bar.i highly recommend lost to those that are patient, intellectual, and love every moment of the ride, no matter how long it takes to reach the end.see this show.

lost is the best tv series there is.first of all,it has great actors and wonderful directing.the writing is a very controversial issue because in the first two seasons the writing was extraordinary but after season 3 the writing became highly complex.for instance,who is jacob?why are there polar bears on the island?what's the fog?how did the island disappear?who is richard alpert?a lot of people think that the writers are lost and that they have raised a lot of questions and mysteries that they can't explain.i believe these people are wrong.i have confidence in the writers.i think that if the mysteries are revealed from now all the charm of the series will be gone.anyway,lost is undeniably the greatest tv series and it will continue to be for a long time.

lost, probably the best t.v series ever made. the storyline is clever and when all your questions are answered watching one episode, 100 more are raised. if lost can carry on it's magnificent ways and not get too carried away then it will be stapled the best show ever. the survivors of a plane crash are forced to live with each other on a remote island, a dangerous new world that poses unique threats of its own. after reading this your thinking how on earth can that be interesting? and heres your answer, every season so far has always been full of surprises, your always questioning your self why did that just happened and what's gonna happen next each time, very unexpected thing's happen and the story goes on wonderfully so far! the series just sucks you in, it's chilling and very addictive, everything from the wonderful creators and directing to the magnificent performances by the cast creates a very believable story. lost is simply unbelievable, amazing, highly entertaining, top notch, t.v at it's best.how ever you want to put it. lost beat's all other show's by a landslide. and if your hating or criticising lost you don't know how to watch t.v or watch drama. lost simply doesn't disappoint, you would think a series carrying on for so long can't keep getting better. but it does! it just keep's on flowing it's unlike anything you would ever think off. "every thing happens for a reason." and that is truly shown in the series. eventually you will reach a point were all the clues and everything that's happened or being done adds up. you will feel and realise how the characters have changed and how and why everything is going on. the 10 minutes of excitement: you see something you didn't see coming, something major has happened to character or on the island. there's hope somewhere. you see a major twist that can or will change everything. you hear your thought's churn, you wonder what's gonna happen next. your heart beating. the 30 minutes of brilliance: you see a flawless scenes, tension building, you hear wonderful music by michael giacchino. you see great flash backs, impressive acting. you see wittiness, chilling atmosphere, which then get's converted back into tension.everyone has there show that they are addicted too, that they can't get enough of, that they admire every minute and can't wait for the next episode, that they talk about 24/7. too me and many others it's this series. lost. once you start watching, you won't get enough. the creators did a flawless job. lost is completely unique and original, you won't see anything like it. the clever idea of "flashbacks and flashforwards" and something major and different in every season sucks your thoughts. would they ever make a series like "lost"? something so interesting and something you will always remember. it simply has stunned the world when it hit t.v. a new generation of dramatic/sci-fi. a instant classic before it reached out to the viewers.i'm sure you all heard of lost and it's 5 star reviews, and your annoying friend that won't stop telling you about it, so what's stopping you from watching?every episode leads to something new and it just doesn't stop getting better and better, you get more interested as it goes along, you learn things that are on the island that you wouldn't even think off. the characters start to become very likable, and if your the critic type you would love to see lost in further detail, things like how the relationship between characters develop and how they learn the ways to under look and take on challenges from the island. all together it's a great drama and a flawless series. i guess we just all hope that lost will not have a downfall in the episodes to come and go to far.....so if you don't watch lost, read the comment from the top again and you should change your mind. seeing is believing, so until you start watching you will never know .i strongly recommend this masterpiece of series: lost!! start watching!!! you have not seen nothing until you watch lost!!!

i love this show! it's like watching a mini movie each week!!! the first episode was so gripping and terrifying...so was part 2 of the pilot... i'm definitely gonna keep tuning into this show! this is the real survivor! i've looked at a few of the other comments and i can see that already after just one or two episodes the morons here are already crying wolf... sorry if it's not another reality show, kiddies! there was once a time where there were...now brace yourself! actual tv shows! and this one is actually good unlike most of the crappy sitcoms today or the ump-teenth carbon copy of a law & order or nypd blue or csi series they're dishing out... watch this yourself to form your own opinion, don't take one from the boneheads here!

while originally reluctant to jump on the bandwagon of watching "lost", i accidentally caught one episode at the beginning of season 1the one with the polar-bearand it has had my undivided attention ever since. the show, that is. not the polar bear. so bear (heh) with me while i throw out as much rambling, semi-coherent praise as i can muster."lost" takes a simple idea of a passenger flight full of people crashing onto a desert island, and gradually adds extraordinary depth to its premise by exploring each character deeply and unflinchinglywhat drives them, who are they? where did they come from? it soon becomes clear that the island upon which they are stranded acts as a common denominator for many things in their lives, whether they're running away from something (sawyer and kate among others) or getting in touch with spirituality (locke, claire). but "lost" also zooms in on the island itself and the mysterious horrors that it houses... and they all seem to be strangely connected.while television actors are not exactly known for their subtlety or dazzling acting abilities, most of the cast of "lost" are, in truth, spectacular actors for their respective parts, projecting heart and humour in their performances. there's also a multitude of eyecandy, but not generally of the plastic hollywood kind as most tv shows. the characters all feel very real and they are extremely compelling to watch. their interactions rarely fall prey to predictable sappiness, petty arguments or cheesy melodrama (although they are annoyingly secretive)  these people are first and foremost trying to survive and whatever relationship appears is treated secondary to action. the realism of these characters facilitate an already well-sculptured plot. about this plot... imagine a tree as the template plot, then the branches as subplots (in this case, one branch for every character)  well, lost adds twigs to each branch and then tiny twigs to those twigs as other story lines. if you're a brother/sister to one of the main characters in the flashbacks, you will get your own storyline. if you're a dog you will have your own storyline. unless the writers manage to weave them all together into some glorious culmination in the end, they are setting themselves up. i am more than a little worried there will be some disappointing cop-out to this show, as i'm sure most people are.but assuming the writers do pull this off, "lost" is possibly the best show ever to hit television.9/10

getting to work on this film when it was made back in the summer of 1990. shot partly in the biltmore estate in asheville, nc and the remaining parts in winston-salem. the massive offices of the rj reynolds were used in several office scenes and places in around the beautiful city that is know as the tulip capital of the world winston-salem! i enjoyed my work although it was exceedingly hard work building all the sets like the golf of mexico where renee russo and jim belushi went on their date. i also had a big hand in decorating the bar where larry encounters the magical bartender mr. destiny. i tacked all those pics on the wall of sports heroes and decorated that phone booth where larry makes a phone call for a cab. i even put my mothers photo at eye level so i could freeze frame it and show it to her when we watched it. i remember dyeing the grass at his old house with green dye because it first had to be sodded(it was a new house in a new development and i guess they leased it for the movie)..then i had to cut that newly laid sod to make it look nice..man that was hard! as far as the movie, when we made it we had no idea what it would be like but after seeing it i fell in love with it because really tells the story of "what if" as good as i ever had seen it, including the great it's a wonderful life. i cried so many timesi can't count. i got to meet the wonderful actor michael caine while shooting scenes at an old minor league ballpark where larry's boyhood scenes were played and replayed. i remember after he had done a take an was heading back to his trailer, i ran him down and asked him for a picture and he was quite amiable and said "why not!" he is a good guy and a really natural and forceful actor. i can't say the same for jim belushi..he was so full of himself, smoking big cuban cigars and talking loudly soeveryone in earshot could hear his every word. his career never did take off but he has had a decent tv career recently. i would say watch this movie if you ever get the chance. it's wonderful and really heartfelt and real. you can feel larry's pain after he enters into the new world mr. destiny gives him after hitting the homer, and as he wants so badly for people to believe he is not this bad guy everyone thinks he is. they all think he belongs in a nuthouse! but eventually he wins people over but by then he wants his real life back so badly, especially his wonderful wife, played so beautifully by linda hamilton..and he wants his dog back! so see it.

reading the various external reviews of roger ebert and other well-known film critics makes me hesitate to admit how much i love this movie, even though i only have a dubbed-into-japanese video version of it.apparently, many critics seem to take it as a minus that the story premise has been used before, most famously in the very great "it's a wonderful life." to me, a great premise is a great premise no matter how many times it's used, and i'd be happy to see more movies using this particular premise--the discontented man who gets a chance to gain a fresh perspective on his own life through a bit of "divine magic."i suppose folks and critics of a more intellectual bent are not as pulled into the story, but i don't go to movies to critique them with notebook in hand--i go to movies to throw myself into them and let them take me where they will. if you are sentimental sort like myself, you'll be well rewarded by seeing this picture. the performances are excellent throughout, and the movie was very well cast. wonderful choice of music, too. michael caine is superb as the sympathetic bartender. jim belushi does a great job as an "average joe" kind of guy who wonders if his life hasn't gone as it should. linda hamilton, always excellent, is again right on target here as the loving wife. jon lovitz entertains as usual, and even has some surprisingly moving moments in "mr. destiny."no, "mr. destiny" is not "it's a wonderful life," but who says it has to be? taken on its own terms, "mr. destiny" is an enjoyable, well-made, funny, and moving film. i've seen my japanese-dubbed video of it numerous times, and i'm sure i'll see it several more times. if that somehow makes me a "lowbrow," so be it! i'm just glad that i hadn't read any reviews of "mr. destiny" before seeing it.i suppose i should have the courage of my convictions and give the movie nine or ten stars, but i couldn't help but doubt myself after reading all the critical reviews!

ok the film wasn't going to win any awards and it is pure bubblegum, and it is a modern update on "it's a wonderful life". but it's just come out as a cheap release on dvd and there are a lot worse ways of blowing $13. you get a film that has a surprisingly strong cast but for most they were still a year or two from becoming b list celebs. however it's an enjoyable way of passing an hour and half just don't think too much in it.

i have seen this movie plenty of times and i gotta tell ya, i've enjoyed it every single time. this is belushi's pinnacle movie in my opinion. belushi and lovitz are so likable and identifiable with the common man that you can't help but get involved once you start watching. the movie has a wonderful cast of stars, some already were big, and others were just getting started. it's billed as a feel good movie, and that's exactly what it is. this movie teaches you that life isn't always so bad after all. sometimes you've just gotta look at stuff in a different perspective to fully appreciate what you already have. when you're done watching, you'll appreciate the things you have a lot more and you'll also be smiling. you can't ask for much more from a movie in my opinion, not to mention it's a hilarious movie and you'll never lose interest. very very underrated movie here folks.rating from me: 10 i am out!!!

it has been some years since i saw this, but remember it and would like to see it again. it kind of became a "therapy" for me with a personal experience of my own.a thirty-five year old man laments over a high-school baseball game in which he "missed the ball" and his team lost. he thinks about it 20 years later, "if only i'd hit that ball" and how his life would be better because of it. then, he gets a chance to find out....and gets a little more than he bargained for.it reminds me so much of when i was in high school, i twice tried out for our drill/dance team and didn't make it. this team was the closest thing to a sorority in my school. if you were on it, you were "all that." i didn't try out till my last two years of hs and after the second time, i took it really hard. i'd hit and bruised my leg badly just before tryouts and wore tights to cover the bruise, and that caused me to not make it. that was in 1987.through the years, even now sometimes, i think "if only i hadn't hit my leg i would've never worn those stupid tights." now i don't sit and think my life would be any better or even any different had i made it, but seeing this movie made me realize that we never really know how different things may be by changing one little thing way back in the past. who knows, it could have changed the course of events to the point that i wouldn't have met my son's father.i would recommend this movie to anyone who has that one moment in the past they wish they could change. be careful what you wish for!!!

i actually like this movie even though i don't fancy james belushi very much. in this movie, you can actually see several big names on the rise, linda hamilton and courteney cox namely; caine's was already big of course. the plot in this movie is simple; its just like that sliding door movie. it however was told in a light-hearted manner and i like the comedy moments in it. it made me trying to relive my own important moments in live, eg what if i've taken that girl out for a movie, and not the other etc. it tells us that people around us could have taken different roles in our lives if some minute details were to change. it also reminds us to be careful what we wish for. life is not always as good on the other side as we think; maybe, what we have now is the best for us, all things considered.

larry burrows has the distinct feeling he's missing out on something. ever since he missed a crucial baseball shot at school that cost the championship, he's been convinced his life would have turned out better had he made that shot. then one night his car breaks down again. walking into the nearest bar to wait for the tow truck, larry happens upon barman mike, who unbeknown to larry is about to change his life for ever.......the alternate life premise in cinema is hardly a new thing, stretching back to the likes of it's a wonderful life and showing no signs of abating with the quite recent sandler vehicle that was click. it's a genre that has produced very mixed results. back in 1990 was this james belushi led production, rarely mentioned when the said topic arises, it appears that it has largely been forgotten. which is a shame since it oozes charm and is not short in the humour department. we know that we are being led to its ultimate message come the end, but it's a fun and enjoyable path to be led down. the film also serves notice to what a fine comedy actor james belushi was. i mean if his style of smart quipping and larking exasperation isn't your thing,? then chances are you would avoid this film anyway. but for those engaged by the likes of red heat, k-9 and taking care of business, well mr. destiny is right up your street. along for the ride are linda hamilton, michael caine, jon lovitz, hart bochner, jay o. sanders, rene russo and courteney cox.mr. destiny, pure escapist fun with a kicker of a message at its heart. 7/10

it's not a big film. the acting is not amazing (some sub charterers are even played badly), the film is not beautiful in any sense. nothing really inventive or new. if you like big films, this one is not for you. yet it has a big - really big plus on the story. larry's story works, because we know this story from our own lives. the girl we didn't ask to a date, the test we've failed, the friend we let down, are all in our history. this movie works, because it touch it, it's a great story because it's a small one. it's the life we all have, with regrets we all have, and yet the message hits: every life we could have lived would have had their downside. the first time i watched it, i was 15. it was shown in a party at my school. 16 years later, i keep reflecting on it every once in a while, and every time i see it, it puts a smile on my face. watch it. it will do you good. you'll be happier with what you have.

mr. destiny - 3.5/5 stars"mr. destiny's" theme is recycled from many films spanning many different years. its theme ranges from recent spoofs on such plots (see "scrooged"), to the same, more serious and dramatic notion that worked in "it's a wonderful life," and a century earlier in the story of scrooge as told by charles dickens in "a christmas carol." "it involves an ungrateful man being taken on a guided tour of his life, and witnessing how his life could have been (or would have been) first-hand. in most of these types of movies the guardian angel rescues a man from ungratefulness and shows him his life in retrospect, or how it could have been. should have been. would have been. in this case we are shown a businessman named larry (james belushi). he hates his life. he lives with an unexciting wife (linda hamilton) and yearns for a bigger life with bigger meaning. if only he had hit the ball at the state championship in high school years ago. he is convinced his life would have been better. i guess he remembers this seemingly small moment of his life because it made a big impact on his subconscious side, but i doubt a grown man would yearn for one single act from high school. still, it works in the movie.anyway, larry is driving home from work one night, where he is a penpusher along with jon lovitz, when his car breaks down. he wanders into a bar looking for a pay phone, and reluctantly decides to tell the bartender (michael caine) about the way his life is turning out. this is where we first see him remembering his childhood baseball strike-out.the bartender listens and nods, apparently not worrying about any other customers. this is probably due to the fact that the bar, though old and tattered, seems to have never been occupied by any living humans save these two men. in fact, larry even makes a comment about never seeing the bar before. this is most likely for a certain reason that the audience is expecting before larry. so the bartender, who may as well be an angel of god incarnate, just like clarence, fixes larry a special drink of his, which ends up putting larry's life on reverse, showing him what his life would have been like if he had hit the home run all those years before. but larry has no idea of any change at first, just like jimmy stewart didn't realize that clarence had erased his life until he went into the bar and got kicked out larry continues to be oblivious to any change until he goes to his home to find the lawn different outside, and a large, wrestler-type man occupying his home.larry soon finds out his life would indeed have been very different had he hit the home run. instead of marrying linda hamilton he married rene russo and moved into a large mansion with children. he finds out that jon lovitz is no longer his friend but an employee of his. and the most surprising fact of all is that with his new life, that larry has always wanted...he finds himself lusting after his old wife, linda hamilton; proof that sometimes money and a great-looking yet shallow wife don't make up everything in a man's life, like an intelligent wife and love and true happiness. just like "it's a wonderful life" showed the audience a man's life is what he makes it, and that every person has an impact on people, "mr. destiny" shows us that material wealth is not the same as spiritual wealth, a lesson taught us over and over again, but never quite so fluffy, forgettable and truly sweet as it is shown us in "mr. destiny.""mr. destiny" is never exceedingly hilarious, but it is a sweet, good-natured comedy that never takes itself too seriously. the problem with all the "it's a wonderful life" retreads out there, like "the family man," is that they try to be as influential and memorable as "it's a wonderful life" was. but there are only so many times you can single-handedly rip off a famous film, and "mr. destiny" knows this, and plays right to the fact. it doesn't try to be anything it isn't; rather, it is something it didn't try to be, and this is obvious to the audience. 

everyone plays their part pretty well in this "little nice movie". belushi gets the chance to live part of his life differently, but ends up realizing that what he had was going to be just as good or maybe even better. the movie shows us that we ought to take advantage of the opportunities we have, not the ones we do not or cannot have. if u can get this movie on video for around $10, it´d be an investment!

not really a big box office draw, but i was pleasently surprisedwith this movie. james "i did some things to farrah fawcett" orr co-wrote and directed this movie about an ordinary, average guynamed larry burrows who thinks his life would have beenincredibly different if he hit a homerun at a key baseball gamewhen he was 15. but thanks to mysterious and magical bartendermike, larry gets his wish, yet soon realizes that his new lifeisn't exactly as he hoped it would be.i must say, this movie really impressed me. critics have givenit mixed, and i must say the concept is really interesting andpulled off well. yes, it is a little standard, but packs enoughfunny moments, drama and excellent acting to make it reallygood. james belushi (i think) was oscar worthy for his role. jonlovitz is perfect, and linda hamilton plus renee russo shine intheir roles. michael caine is perfect as the bartender. it'sjust a good movie with a good lesson. if you've never seen, ihighly recommend you check

spoiler!!! this movie is based on the concept of what if? of course mr destiny will be able to answer this question. the main character goes through a bad day, like many of us, and asks this question. chaos theory states a butterfly in china could have an effect on someone over here from a chain reaction. the focus of this movie is based on one event during a baseball game. this event sets into motion one's destiny; just like ashton in "the butterfly effect" except mr. destiny uses comedy over drama. the results make a fresh, somewhat original movie. if one's philosophical are in tune with "the butterfly effect" one will likely enjoy mr. destiny. i give it a 7 out of 10. amazing for i have seen the first half of this movie 3 times, and finally watched the ending on tbs.

jim belushi is terrific as the "average joe" who gets his 15 minutes in "the twilight zone". michael cane is the mysterious bar tender who not only listens to belushi's "story", but has a "cure" for all of belushi's middle class problems: a magic potion to bring about an avalanche of changes in belushi's life.flashbacks show a 15 year old horribly ashamed of causing his high school baseball team's championship defeat. belushi goes on with his "pitiful life", seemingly happy, but always wondering "what if..." for what seems to be several days, belushi experiences a "different" life, one of enormous success, admired and hated by others in equal measure.this is not quite "it's a wonderful life", but some elements are similar, and very endearing. the "ending" is predictable, but still satisfying. watch for a very young cortney cox in a bit part as "fatal attraction" -like other woman. a very pleasant film!

belushi at his most ingratiating and courtney cox before friends has a small role. i often think belushi is under-used in hollywood and this film role is one of his best. for those of you who watch his tv show, this is a very different and likable character. the movie itself is not earth shattering, nor is the message new but rather it is sweet and endearing. the supporting cast of familiar faces and unfamiliar names is a perfect balance although lovitz's whining can get tiresome, and michael caine's charming spiritual guide has a slightly sinister if not well-meaning edge. hamilton, as belushi's wife is unfortunately two-dimensional and one wonders why he married her. in addition, renee russo is wasted and not terribly convincing at the "prom queen" who got away. nevertheless, a nice way to spend two hours.

this movie is one of my favorites because it makes me think of all the choices i have made and how my life would change if my choices had been different. it plays right into the " multiple universe " theory.the only thing that doesn't ring true is how larry burrows ( james belushi)has such a hard time understanding what is going on, that everything has changed.

ok, so it borrows a little from "it's a wonderful life", but that was 44 years prior to this film, so why not a new attempt. belushi is having a rotten 35th birthday. he didn't get his wheaties, his coffee, and has lost his job. the capper is when his self described "big blue piece of sh**" car breaks down at the end of the day. he heads into an empty bar to call for a tow. while waiting, he's recognized by the bartender (caine) as the kid who lost the town's championship baseball game 20 years earlier. this gets him to thinking how life would've been if he had won the game. he finds out when, unbeknownst to him, caine serves up a motion potion in a glass that gives him a mansion, the prom queen (russo) as his wife, and makes him president of the sporting goods company he's been canned from. caine later reveals himself as the one who's responsible for this change, but belushi is not entirely on board. he never fully adjusts, and in a plot development that doesn't kill the movie but is still odd, he tries to court his wife (hamilton) from his real life, who is now married to someone else. the good move is that they don't spend too much time on it, as basically they rip of "ghost", with belushi constantly telling hamilton things only she could know. it also brings in a hokey dramatic element, as two of his lovers kevetch in the shadows, new wife russo, and his unbalanced lover cox. but the keys to the film are the somewhat lengthy beginning, and cheery end. also good work from the big and recognizable cast, as belushi is very likable, very attractive ladies chosen, and caine is perfectly easy going as the title guy. strange that this was belushi's second film of 1990 dealing with him getting an alternative lifestyle of riches, which was found in "taking care of business". though similar, both films are on the same level of laughs provided. so check this out for a fun exploration of "what if?"

i admit i have a weakness for alternate history stories, from its a wonderful life to groundhog day to 12:01. among those greats is this little gem. it's pretty difficult to get through mr. destiny without giving a nod of appreciation to each and every cast member, from the goodhearted james belushi to the murderous courtney cox. this movie lacks the gravitas and scale to make it a great film, but it's a fine cheer-up on a rainy afternoon. it's also a great rental for an inexpensive date.

entertaining jim belushi vehicle, a modern cockeyed version of it's a wonderful life. michael caine plays a sort-of angel who lets belush see what life would have been like if he had "made it big". jim is at his best with a good story and supporting cast; seems like real chemistry between him and hamilton. not an oscar contender but good warm-hearted fun.

as a rule, a full moon production logo is a warning sign to avoid a film. but because i've enjoyed jeffrey combs in other films, i gave it a shot.it's not bad. not great, but that's something else. the film involves a struggle with a mystic (evil) "brother" who wants to dominate the worlds, and the title character. dr. mordrid also has to deal with people, and authorities in the mundane world, which he does successfully.possible spoilers follow.dr. mordrid can travel between "dimensions," and does so to find a companion guarding a fortress; however, the guard has been blinded. his eyes are ruined pits. so the wizard passes his hands across the other's eyes, and hey, presto! his eyes have been restored! this sort of healing apparently only works with eyes.later, mordred and his "brother" animate a couple of animal skeletons in a museum to fight. guess which one wins.however, side from that, the picture isn't at all bad, though much like a comic book. dr. mordred's more "human" adventures are okay, and combs plays the role convincingly.i've seen lots worse.

possibly the best movie ever created in the history of jeffrey combs career, and one that should be looked upon by all talent in hollywood for his versatility, charisma, and uniqueness he brings through his characters and his knowledge of acting.

this film surprised me a little. i watch a lot of horror/sci-fi films and this is a straight-to-video release that caught me off guard a little. i believe this is full moon's best movie thus far and one of jeffrey combs best performances. good movie.

two sorcerers battle in the fourth dimension,one(brian thompson as a kabal)trying to destroy the earth,the other(jeffrey combs as a anton mordrid)trying to save it."doctor mordrid" is an enjoyable fantasy fare which offers plenty of cheese.the plot is pretty silly and the gore is completely absent,but the film is very short and entertaining.so if you have enough time to kill give this one a look.my rating:7 out of 10.

new york city houses one man above all others, the possibly immortal dr. anton mordrid. mordrid is the sworn protector of humanity, using his magical powers to keep his brother and rival, kabal, chained up so that he may not enslave the human race. well, wouldn't you know it? a prophesy comes true and kabal breaks free, and begins collecting elements (including platinum and uranium) for his alchemy experiments. with the help of a police woman named sam, can mordrid defeat his evil brother? "dr. mordrid" comes to me courtesy of charles band in the full moon archive collection. i had not heard of it, which is a bit odd given that i'm a big fan of jeffrey combs (mordrid) and the film isn't that old. but now it's mine and i can enjoy it again and again. the film certainly is fun in the classic full moon style. richard band provides the music (which doesn't differ much from all his other scores) and brian thompson plays the evil kabal. we even have animated dinosaur bones! what more do you want? of course, the cheese factor is high. i felt much of the film was a rip-off of the dr. strange comics. and the blue pantsuit was silly. and plot holes are everywhere (i could list at least five, but why bother). and why does the ancient symbol of mordrid and kabal look suspiciously like a hammer and sickle? combs has never been a strong actor, so he fits right in with the cheese. these aren't complaints. full moon fans have come to expect these things and devour them like crack-laced grape nuts. i'm guilty... i loved this film.if you're not a full moon fan, or a jeffrey combs fan... you may want to look elsewhere. but if you like the early 1990s style of movie-making and haircuts, you'll eat this up. stallone and schwarzenegger fans might like seeing brian thompson as a villain, looking as goony as ever and not being able to enunciate english beyond a third grade level. i did. i wish there was a "mordrid ii", but the company that makes a sequel to practically everything (is "gingerdead man 3" really necessary?) passed on this one.

i loved this movie for two reasons: 1) jeff combs is absolutely wonderful in it. plays the role of the modern wizard to the hilt. (and is absolutely adorable.) 2) the movie helped to inspire a role-playing game i thoroughly enjoy, mage: the awakening. i've shown it at various larp after-parties, and it's always a big hit.d&d love and jeff-squeeing aside, it's not exactly a masterpiece, but it's well-done and thoroughly enjoyable. the plot is fast-moving and engaging in its simplicity, the special effects are pretty good for such a low budget, and the script, while nothing stellar, was not too badly done, and cheesy in all the right places. a good way to spend an evening.

doctor mordrid is one of those rare films that is completely under the radar, but is totally worthwhile. it really reminds me of the old serials from the 30s and 40s. which is why i'd have loved to see follow-up movies... but judging by the rest of full moon's output there simply weren't enough tits to satisfy the typical audience. unfortunately, thanks to a completely superfluous sacrifice scene there two too many for a family audience - which is unfortunate, because without em' this could have been a harry potter-style magicfest that kids would have eaten up. both jeffrey combs and yvette nipar are great - i wasn't sure if ms. nipar hadn't wandered off an a-list picture onto this film, she was very believable. no, seriously! anyway - it's a shame they didn't have the bucks to license dr. strange, because i think this could have been a total kiddie phenom.

i really enjoyed "doctor mordrid". this is a low-budget film, which may be off-putting to some, but i have no problem with it. i admire it even more for that, considering it's way more entertaining than the drivel that hollywood churns out every year. too bad this didn't get a theatrical release; i don't know about anyone else, but i would have went to see it in theatres. `doctor mordrid' is a very entertaining science fiction film that just about anyone can enjoy, especially if they're into sci-fi like i am. i don't see why this is a r-rated film; only one f-word is said, and there are no gruesome death scenes, nor is there any blood at all. the timeless rivalry between sorcerers anton and kabal (anton wanted the use his powers to save the human race, while kabal wanted to enslave them), gave the story a sense of enchantment, while the mythical plotline added charm to the story itself. basically, this a film that's just plain fun to watch. there is one unintentionally funny thing in this movie, though: seeing jeffrey combs keeping a straight face while wearing that silly blue cape and suit. that makes me laugh every time i see it. but i digress... anyway, the acting is great; the main protagonists (anton, and his lady friend, samantha), are very likable; anton is sympathetic, and hospitable, and samantha is friendly. plus, the settings were wonderful. the floating island in the other dimension was very cool setting; we're only given a glimpse of it twice, though; it would have been great to see more scenes take place here. the main setting was also very neat; anton's apartment is very roomy, and he has some cool devices, especially the monitoring system he uses to keep track of the world's occurrences. he even has a pet raven that he keeps in his apartment named edgar. overall, this a great film; it was fun to watch, and the main actors put a lot of feeling into their roles. if you can find anywhere that rents `doctor mordrid', you should rent it (or, in my case, buy it. it was definitely money well-spent)!my rating: 8 stars out of ten.

dr. mordrid, what can i say? jeffrey combs has done it again!anton mordrid has been on earth for 100 years waiting for kabal, an evil sorcerer, to come so he can kill him. mordrid and kabal used to train together as kids, so mordrid knows all kabal's tricks.the film as a little bit confusing at begin with, but soon you feel a part of the action. i won't give away the ending, so go and watch doctor mordrid!i found the film to be very enjoyable because it doesn't have a lot of violence in, nor sexual scenes. the film focused on the plot and that's what i like! i find the best films are the ones where times seems to fly by. this is because you are so engrossed in the film. doctor mordrid is a fantasticly engrossing movie! i give it a 20 out of 10. worth seeing!

great battle finale and nice sets help keep this often-slow movie enjoyable. at times it had me checking my watch, although there were enough memorable moments to make the film stand out in my mind days after watching it. the ending should surprise even those familiar with the nibelungen story line.

in "die nibelungen: siegfried", siegfried was betrayed. now, kriemhild seeks revenge. she marries hagen, and through a series of events, finally engages in a very drastic (but fitting) action at the end.one of the things about watching this movie nowadays is that we can look at certain portrayals. attila the hun (called etzel in the movie) is shown as the strange person from the east, possibly an allusion to the soviet union. obviously, it was not fritz lang's fault that hitler used "the nibelungenlied" for german national pride in the third reich, but one can see what the fuhrer liked about the story. nonetheless, this is an absolutely formidable movie.

fritz lang's german medieval saga continues in die nibelungen: kriemhilds rache (1924).kriemhild (margarete schoen) wants to avenge her murdered husband, siegfried.her brother is too weak to bring the murdered, hagen, to justice.kriemhild marries etzel, the king of the huns (rudolf klein-rogge).she gives birth to a child, and invites her brothers for a party.etzel and the other huns should kil hagen, but he is protected by his brothers.we see a huge battle of life and death begins, and she sets the whole place on fire.eventually hagen is dead, and so is kriemhild.these movies deal with great themes, such as revenge and undying love.sure we have later seen some better movies made of those topics, but this was one of the early ones.

i finally got my wish to see this one in a cinema. i'd seen fritz lang's film on video some years ago. i'd been hoping that ideal screening conditions would work their magic.conditions were ideal at cinematheque ontario. pristine full-length print. intertitles in the original gothic-script german with simultaneous english translation, accurate without being too literal. live piano accompaniment. ideal.the film's magic sputtered for a little while but ultimately failed to catch, at least for me.this film bears no real relation to wagner's ring cycle as i already knew but some may not. wagner had adapted the 13th c. niebelungenlied to his own purposes. part i of fritz lang's epic -- "siegfried" -- has much that will be familiar to listeners of wagner however."kriemhild's revenge" is the story of siegfried's wife kriemhild, her marriage to king etzel (attila) the hun, and her desire for revenge against hagen and gunther, the rechristened nibelungs, for the murder of siegfried. the spectacular conflagration in this film presumably evolved and expanded in the wagnerian mythos into his götterdämmerung, his twilight of the gods, and the end of valhalla. this film remains earthbound.most of the film is spectacular. the massive sets rival those of "cabiria" (1914), which inspired griffith's "intolerance" (1916). their decoration sets a new benchmark in barbaric splendour. there's a huge cast of scarred, mangy huns and art deco burgundians. and battles. battles that never seem to end in fact.kriemhild is very successful in her plan of revenge. she manages to destroy all around her. her loyalty to her martyred siegfried seems not to stem so much from love, or devotion, but from something closer to psychosis. lady macbeth cried out, "unsex me here." she knew she was emotionally unprepared for what she needed to do. but kriemhild displays no normal human emotions, and certainly nothing one equates with the feminine principle. she is already "top full of direst cruelty", to borrow shakespeare's phrase, from the outset. margarethe schön and her director convey this with a glower. i don't want to exaggerate, but that glower is virtually the only expression ever to "animate" kriemhild's face. it's the ultimate in one-note performances. it's clearly intentional however, not simply a case of poor acting.what we have then on offer is a one-dimensional sketch of an avenging fury. some might see kriemhild as an empowered heroine. i just see the film as misogynistic.

in some ways, the wrath of kriemhild surpasses siegfried's death, but it also loses some of that film's greatness. the plot of this one is more cohesive than the first, which is quite amazing. the second half of the actual poem is a lot sloppier and a lot harder to tread through, until, that is, you get to the climactic battle scenes; only the iliad's are better. lang and harbou embellished the huns. the poet-compiler of the nibelungenlied didn't know a hun from his right ball, and as a result they are, more or less, the same as the burgundians in custom. for example, although the poet clearly describes etzel as a heathen (which is kriemhild's main concern as rudiger tries to persuade her to marry him), when she gets to hunland, the first thing she does is go to mass. the huns here are clearly heathens; they're almost like caveman. the depiction of them is hilarious, especially verbal, the jester, who has two marvelous scenes. etzel's character has been given more weight. he is much more formidable. all he does is bemoan his fate in the original poem. lang and harbou are masterful at building suspense, especially at the banquet scene, which is intercut with verbal's second performance to an amazing effect. however, as is the nature of this half of the poem, the film's amazing technical accomplishments are missing in this one, for the most part, except for a dazzling sequence where etzel's hall burns down with the nibelungs inside. the one thing i do have to object to is the way harbou changes the ending. spoilers: in the poem, after hildebrand captures hagen and gunther, they are imprisoned. kriemhild visits hagen in his cell and demands that he reveal where he has hidden the horde. he refuses and she herself decapitates her brother. when hagen still refuses, she decapitates him. hildebrand (or possibly dietrich) is so disgusted that a woman would presume to murder a great warrior that he, in turn, decapitates her, calling her a "devil woman". etzel, who is much weaker in the poem than he is here, says something silly like: "ah me!" i can understand why they would want to keep a unity of time and place as hildebrand brings them from the castle; to retain the prison settings of the two deaths would make the film very anticlimactic. i also understand why they didn't have hildebrand kill kriemhild: his character is much reduced here; his name is only mentioned once. but, to have kriemhild kill herself, adopting brynhild's death from the icelandic sources, is just catering to the audience instead of challenging them. the point of the poem is that kriemhild's wrath goes far beyond it should into the realm of pure evil. here, we simply have her die for her lost love. it's not as interesting.

please see also my comment on die nibelungen part 1: siegfried.the second part of ufa studio's gargantuan production of the nibelungen saga continues in the stylised, symphonic and emotionally detached manner of its predecessor. however, whereas part one was a passionless portrayal of individual acts of heroism, part two is a chaotic depiction of bloodletting on a grand scale.as in part one, director fritz lang maintains a continuous dynamic rhythm, with the pace of the action and the complexity of the shot composition rising and falling smoothly as the tone of each scene demands. these pictures should only be watched with the note-perfect gottfried huppertz score, which fortunately is on the kino dvd. now, with this focus on mass action, lang is presented with greater challenges in staging. the action sequences in his earliest features were often badly constructed, but now he simply makes them part of that rhythmic flow, with the level of activity on the screen swelling up like an orchestra.but just as part one made us witness siegfried's adventures matter-of-factly and without excitement, part two presents warfare as devastating tragedy. in both pictures, there is a deliberate lack of emotional connection with the characters. that's why lang mostly keeps the camera outside of the action, never allowing us to feel as if we are there (and this is significant because involving the audience is normally a distinction of lang's work). that's also why the performances are unnaturally theatrical, with the actors lurching around like constipated sleepwalkers.nevertheless, kriemhild's revenge does constantly deal with emotions, and is in fact profoundly humanist. the one moment of naturalism is when atilla holds his baby son for the first time, and lang actually emphasises the tenderness of this scene by building up to it with the wild, frantic ride of the huns. the point is that lang never manipulates us into taking sides, and in that respect this version has more in common with the original saga than the wagner opera. the climactic slaughter is the very antithesis of a rousing battle scene. why then did hitler and co. get so teary-eyed over it, a fact which has unfairly tarnished the reputation of these films? because the unwavering racial ideology of the nazis made them automatically view the nibelungs as the good guys, even if they do kill babies and betray their own kin. for hitler, their downfall would always be a nationalist tragedy, not a human one.but for us non-nazi viewers, what makes this picture enjoyable is its beautiful sense of pageantry and musical rhythm. when you see these fully-developed silent pictures of lang's, it makes you realise how much he was wasted in hollywood. rather than saddling him with low-budget potboilers, they should have put him to work on a few of those sword-and-sandal epics, pictures that do not have to be believable and do not have to move us emotionally, where it's the poetic, operatic tonality that sweeps us along.

i saw this film last night at a special movie theater showing in nürnberg, and it was superb. i do have to admit that the original music composition of the cello player and percussion/xylophone player influenced the mood of the film, but the film itself also had force in its portrayal of the tragic nibelungen saga.if you are interested in silent films or in the nibelungenlied, i highly recommend this film. the costumes were fantastic and creative, the sets were opulent and exotic, and the acting was dramatic and breathtaking (as is typical of silent film "tragedies") unfortunately, i have not seen the first part of this film duo that concerns siegfried. the story of this second film begins after siegfried's death, when kremhild (gudrun in the norse versions of the story) begins to plan her revenge against her brothers.also, i watched this film in german; i am a native english speaker and have a basic german knowledge. it was difficult to read the ?subtitles (what do you call that in silent films?) at first because of the old style german script, so i advise that if you watch it in german that you make sure you can differentiate your "k's", "f's", and "s's" in the old script. :)

canto 1: how kriemhild mourned over siegfried and how king attila woos her through his ambassador rüdiger von bechlarn: kriemhild (margarete schön) insists on having the head of the killer of her beloved husband, hagen tronje (hans adalbert schlettow), but her brother, king gunther (theodor loos), refuses her request. when king attila of the huns woos kriemhild through his ambassador rüdiger von bechlar, she makes him promise through oath in the name of his king that no man would ever offend her. hagen tronje hides the nibelungen treasure in the bottom of a lake.canto 2: how kriemhild takes leave from her homeland and how she was received by king attila: kriemhild brings some earth from where siegfried died, and travels to the court of the huns, where she is welcomed by attila himself, who also promises through oath to defend her.canto 3: how king attila besieged rome and how kriemhild summoned her brothers: when kriemhild delivers a baby boy, attila returns to his realm and asks kriemhild what she would like most to please her. she asks him to invite her brothers to come to his kingdom.canto 4: how kriemhild receives her brothers: kriemhild insists on having the head of hagen tronje, but her brothers keep loyalty to their friend and again do not accept her request.canto 5: how the huns celebrated the summer solstice with the nibelungen: kriemhild asks attila to kill hagen tronje, but he refuses since in accordance with the laws of the desert, a guest is considered sacred. kriemhild offers gold to the hums for the head of hagen tronje. there is a fight, and hagen tronje kills attila's son.canto 6: the nibelungen's distress: the huns lose the battle against the nibelungen, but keep them under siege inside attila's castle. kriemhild promises to spare their lives provided they deliver hagen tronje, but her brother gunther tells that german people are loyal with their friends.canto 7: the nibelungen's end: after the death of rüdiger von bechlarn, giselher and gernot, hagen tronje and guhther are finally captured. kriemhild kills hagen tronje, ending her revenge with the destruction of the nibelungen.the conclusion of the poetic saga of siegfried through "kriemhild's revenge" is also told through seven dramatic cantos. the nature of the first part is a magnificent tale of fantasy, adventure, romance and betrayal; the second part is a dramatic story of hate, revenge and loyalty. the solid screenplay with a perfect development of the characters, the excellent performances of the cast and the awesome direction of fritz lang produced another epic ahead of time. margarete schön is impressive with a total different woman, obsessed and inflexible in her revenge wish. the costumes that kriemhild wears are also very impressive, and her acting is based on her face and look. i was a little disappointed with the reaction of attila after the death of his only son, since i found it too passive. my vote is eight.title (brazil): "os nibelungos  parte ii: a vingança de kriemshild" ("the nibelungen part ii: kriemhild's revenge")

this film has special effects which for it's time are very impressive. some if it is easily explainable with the scenes played backwards but the overlay of moving images on an object on film is surprisingly well done given that this film was made more than 94 years ago.

i saw this movie with my friend and we couldnt stop laughing! i mean there was nothing scary about this movie! it was funny all the lines freddy said were hilarious! i think they shoudln't have even made a new nightmare and just gone to freddy vs. jason. although some parts were gross (like the head blowing up). and any elm street film from 1- 5 sucked. this was the best besides number 1. i wouldnt recomend this movie if you want a good horror. but if you have nothing else to do rent this and you'll laugh alot.i want to see the texas chainsaw massacre i think it would be scary. freddy's dead the final nightmare overall grade: b-

warning!!! tons of dead giveaways!!! don't read if you haven't seen this series! or you can, whatever.they're are few words to describe a movie that claims to be the last and comes out with another; liars, cheats, maybe even some words that can't be uttered. but when elm street 6: freddy's dead shows everyone who thought the series got old, and wanted to stop seeing him, or people who wanted their hero (or villian) just stops for his final breath, this film was it.this film starts with a parody of wizard of oz, then you see a kid who is named only as john doe, who is the last child in springwood, ohio, leaves and gets out of freddy territory. a woman who resides at a hospital/ place to get kids off their feet kind of place meets this boy, and at the same time, has a dream about a man, a water tower, and a promise of a secret floating in her mind, goes back to springwood to figure out this frightening vision, and soon finds out that she is freddy's child, and we soon find out that freddy can only leave springwood if his daughter can be a sort of host for him. and beyond that, fright ensues. this film seems to hit the nail on the head of everything you wanted to know.this film has tons of humor, and cameo appearences, like rosanne barr and tom arnold, alice cooper, johnny depp, and a very young breckin meyer playing a teenage stoner who sees psychadelic vision of flowers and iron butterfly's "in-a-gadda-da-vida", then gets stuck in a super mario parody of sorts. this film will either make you hate this movie, or like krueger even more. the best of the best.

first of all, i have to start this comment by saying i'm a huge nightmare on elm street fan. i think it's the greatest horror series ever. for me, freddy is the boogeyman! of course, freddy's dead, which tried to be the last chapter back then, is a weird movie. it doesn't have the same atmosphere than the previous films. freddy has a lot of screen time. some think it makes him less scary, which i do agree. and that's, in my opinion, exactly the point. this movie exists so we can know freddy a little better, who he is, who he were, how he became the man haunting our dreams. for some people, it's a bad thing, it's better if we never know because it's scarier not to know why evil is evil. obviously those people won't like rob zombie's remake of halloween. to truly enjoy this one, you have to see things differently. it's not about a strange guy hiding in the bush of your dreamland waiting to scare the hell out of you. this was the first one, and it was awesome. as the years passed by, freddy killed more and more people, and nobody could ever get rid of him for good. now it's time to learn about the nature of this evil, the psychological aspects of freddy's realm of terror. beside the story of freddy's past, i also really liked the atmosphere of the movie. no more kids in springwood, only crazy grown-ups. the nightmare scenes are all great. the soundtrack is awesome, especially the opening song called ''i'm awake now'' performed by goo goo dolls. in my opinion, the final nightmare is a horror masterpiece and i can't believe it's so underrated. maybe it is misunderstood, or i have different tastes! anyway, all freddy fans should watch it. it has a lot of scary moments as well as funny moments too, and a lot of cameos! get yourself ready for something different and you might not be disappointed.

okay, i am a fan of the nightmare series and everyone says on here that this is the worst! but it's not!!! haven't's you seen freddy's revenge??? wtf! that was the worst of all!!! now this movie is pretty decent and it sticks to the freddy story and it's cool that he had a daughter etc. etc.and then i found out it was in 3-d!!! i was so excited, i remember when i saw it on the dvd box set i instantly skipped to the 3-d sequences. quite a lot was in 3-d though like lisa zanes hand, dream demons, freddy's claw (more than once), lezlie dean holding a knife, lisa zane with a baseball bat, doc's hand, freddy's head exploding.i truly loved this movie because it was in 3-d, but i wish the whole movie was in 3-d not just the last 15 minutes.by the way it's 15 minutes not ten!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

if your a hard core freddy fan then you might not like it. this seems to be a spoof of the nightmare series. not much to see here. the only reason it holds it self up is the back story on freddy.the one thing that is always great in nightmare movies are the death scenes. but the death scenes were very crappy in this. the visual effects were great and the acting was ok but the back story was excellent. basically freddy's story comes full circle in this.i have read bad reviews for this but i actually enjoyed this despite its many flaws: 1. a nightmare on elm street. (8/10) 2. freddy's dead: the final nightmare. (7/10) 3. a nightmare on elm street 4: the dream master. (7/10) 4. a nightmare on elm street 3: the dream warriors. (7/10) 5. a nightmare on elm street 5: the dream child. (6/10) 6. a nightmare on elm street 2: freddy's revenge. (3/10) i recommend it if you enjoy the series. this is were freddy is fully explained but thats all there is. next on my list wes cravens new nightmare.(7/10)

freddy krueger the dream stalker from elm street returns,the great character actor robert englund is back in this sequel of nightmare 5, dream child.i hope i got the number correctly.there's been so many,and this one is one of the best,especially for the cameos by;rosanne barr (then arnold)tom arnold,johnny depp,(who did the very first nightmare in 84)alice cooper(singer)you will see freddy as a tormented child,a teenager who loves pain,and as a family guy(creepy)the effects are very funny and creative,the cast also includes lisa zane(billy's sister) breckin meyer(road trip)yaphet kotto(alien,live and let die)and amanda donahue(father knows best)i was one of the people 3who saw this in 3d,well the ending.i love 3d movies.i missed the first 3d wave in 1953(i wasn't even born yet)the second wave was in 1983.i like all the freddy movies.this one stands out as one of the better ones not counting the first which was absolutely brilliant,freddy became the new monster of the 80s and 90s,along with jason voorhees,chucky,micheal myers,and leather face.can you imagine a film with all of them?i recommend this to all freddy fans and horror fans alike.that freddy is such a cut up.8 out of 10.

the movie freddy's dead the final nightmare is just as horrific and disturbing as every other nightmare on elm street , yes it has comedy essence about it , so has all the other films, but how can anyone possibly say that you wouldn't find freddy krueger scary , if you were to come across this man in your dreams you wouldn't find him even more scary with a comic essence about him because his comedy shows that he doesn't care at all about killing you that he finds it extremely funny, and freddy also plays comic mind games with them, which in its own way is very disturbing , by using his comic ways i think that makes the horror movies nightmare on elm street what they are today, the writers are extremely clever making krueger comic and scary as oppose to jason vorhees , who doesn't say anything and hasn't got the wit to truly frighten his victims, this movie is about as good as freddy's wit gets and i would recommend it to anyone with a sense of humour and by the way " don't fall asleep!".

freddy's dead: the final nightmare (1991) was the last film to feature freddy krueger as a solo act (not as an entity or a co-star). the years of killing have taken a toll upon the town of springwood. it has gotten to the point that the little city has become a virtual ghost town. the parents who killed freddy krueger so many years ago have all paid the ultimate price. only the mad inhabit the town and the survivors are scattered everywhere. but that doesn't stop freddy from seeking out his final revenge. no matter how they try to stop him, he always comes back for more. but this time he finds out a little more about his old life. can the kids finally stop freddy for good? what is this secret that is buried in freddy's twisted mind? to find out you'll have to watch freddy's dead. the end was originally filmed in 3-d.a fitting way to end the franchise. freddy learns something about himself and his perverted life and he gets to go out in a bang! lisa zane, yaphet kotto and freddy krueger star in this final installment. rosanne, tom arnold and johnny depp make special appearances. a whole lot better than the last one but it's filled with a few dated jokes. if you enjoy the series then you don't want to miss out on this one.i have to recommend this movie for freddy fans.

now all the kids and teenagers of springwood, ohio are all dead expect for one teenager (shon greenblatt) is still alive. freddy (robert englund) is letting him go and the teenager doesn't have much of a memory, when he's arriving in a new town. when a tough female psychologist (lisa zane) tries to break though the new patient. she's finds out, where he's from. she brings him along to springwood to spark some memories but three teens (lezlie deane, breckin meyer and ricky dean logan), who unexpected came for the ride. once they arrived in springwood, the psychologist has some memory that she did lived in that town before as a child. while freddy knows the true secret of her true identity.directed by rachel talalay (ghost in the machine, tank girl) made a grim but somewhat oddly different sequel with some visual style and funny moments for this horror/fantasy/thriller. yaphet kotto (alien) has a supporting role as a psychologist expert on dreams. this has some ingenious visual effects (not everyone will love the climax, especially in 3-d) and some good style in its storytelling. this one did out gross some of the film's series at the box office.dvd has an strong anamorphic widescreen (1.85:1) transfer (also in pan & scan) and an strong-dolby digital 5.1 surround sound. dvd has the original theatrical trailer, jump to a nightmare opinion and cast & crew information. the "elm street" series box set, the eighth disc has interviews with the the cast & crew of this sixth film. the sixth film is also in 3-d for the film climax but you could watch it at 2-d also. this is the last of the "elm street" films until wes craven resurrected freddy into a different, darker style in "new nightmare" and the silly but surprisingly enjoyable spin-off horror film "freddy vs jason". watch for robert shaye (co-owner and co-ceo of "new line cinema"), roseanne barr, tom arnold, johnny depp and alice cooper in amusing cameos. written by michael de luca (john carpenter's in the mouth of madness). from a story by the director. (*** ½/*****).

freddy has gone from scary to funny,in this 6th installment in the nightmare series. it's been 2 years,well actually 11 since this film takes place in 2001.and freddy has killed every last kid on elm street except one,john doe(jacobb from part 5,even doe the film gives on hint who he is),in which he uses to bring more children to come to elm street.not only does freddy gets his wishes,but he also gets his daughter back to elm street.when she finds out what is happening,she and other kids decide to kill freddy once and for all.we also get to see some of freddy's eerie backgrounds. rachel talalay,who has been contected to the nightmare series for a long time by now.many people hate this film,but i liked it.it tried to bring out what freddy was doing with his wisecrackes...comdey and makes the series more funny than scary.so this film is really a comdey sore to speak.it is not the wrost in the series,part 2 still holds it.

i guess i'm part of the silent minority who enjoyed this film. is it one of the best of the "nightmare" series? maybe not, but i had lots of fun with it. freddy krueger reaches his evil, wisecracking potential. since parts 4 and 5 kind of lagged the series down, i felt this so-called final installment ("new nightmare" is the real finale) brought the series out of its slump. there are some great nightmare sequences, including one where breckin meyer plays a stoner who gets trashed, falls asleep and gets stuck in a video game to which freddy controls. this is both a highly original and hilarious sequence, especially when we see him out of the dreamscape, hopping around like super mario. and freddy belts out the funny one-liner, "great graphics." and since the movie was made about 10 years ago, it brought back memories when freddy started controlling the game with the powerglove. anyone who remembers the first 8-bit nintendo remembers the powerglove. the cast is superb. lisa zane is perfectly cast in the lead. i haven't seen yaphet kotto since "the running man," and i think the last time i saw that film was about 5 years ago. he's another great, underappreciated actor who possesses a powerful screen presence. and who can forget the cameos? the best one is by johnny depp (from the first "nightmare") playing a spokesman for an anti-drug commercial. the 3d sequence at the end is really awesome! so for those who are looking to check this film out--please rent or buy it on dvd! hopefully all the editions come with the 3d glasses, but i'm sure the video edition has the 3d element removed. i personally didn't see many things wrong with the film. it even elaborated on freddy's backstory. the film is a great mix of humor and scares, and the gross-out effects are terrific. could this have given better justice to the franchise? of course it could have. but rachel talalay did a fine job. and finding the perfect conclusion is easier said than done.and in closing, i loved the montage over the opening credits. fans of the series will be delighted, and will look at it as a tribute to beloved freddy. my score: 7 (out of 10)

i loved this movie. in fact i loved being an actress in this movie. iwas featured as a pregnant teenager in the second half of the movie. you may remember me more clearly in the classroom scene when the werewolf was exposing himself on film. i was the female in the front row with my hands planted on my face in reaction to what we were watching on the movie projector. in fact they double took me a few times so it's hard to miss that mistake. thumbs up to full moon high. wish it come to cable soon. cheryl lockett alexander leesville, louisiana i loved this movie. in fact i loved being an actress in this movie. iwas featured as a pregnant teenager in the second half of the movie. you may remember me more clearly in the classroom scene when the werewolf was exposing himself on film. i was the female in the front row with my hands planted on my face in reaction to what we were watching on the movie projector. in fact they double took me a few times so it's hard to miss that mistake. thumbs up to full moon high. wish it come to cable soon. cheryl lockett alexanderleesville, louisiana

no doubt intended as a totally campy joke, "full moon high" portrays 1950s teenager tony walker (adam arkin) accompanying his father (ed mcmahon) on a trip to romania. sure enough, tony gets bitten, and grows fur and fangs whenever there's a full moon. a particularly interesting aspect in this movie is that he can't age as long as he has the werewolf curse, and that he has to fulfill a destiny - even if it takes twenty years.but otherwise, the movie's just plain funny once it gets going. ed mcmahon's character is an over-patriotic right-wing yahoo (he thinks that everyone should have listened to joe mccarthy), kenneth mars's coach/principal is a tense dweeb, and then there's more. one of the most eye-opening cast members is demond wilson - best remembered as lamont on "sanford and son" - as a bus driver who gets a big surprise. but probably the funniest scene is the changing of the presidents; then gag with gerald ford really summed him up! anyway, it's a real treat. considering that alan arkin - who plays a zany psychiatrist - just won an oscar on sunday night and thanked his sons, i wonder whether or not he remembers co-starring with two of them in this movie (aside from adam, his son anthony also has a small role). quite funny. also starring elizabeth hartman.ps: director larry cohen is probably best known for the killer baby flick "it's alive".

full moon high (1981) 3 of 5 dir: larry cohen stars: adam arkin, ed mcmahon, roz kellytony (arkin) is your average ordinary high school guy. prepping for the big homecoming game, girlfriend trouble and growing hair in strange placesyou know the usual. but the hair in strange places part gets a wee bit out of control when a trip to transylvania with his father (yes! mcmahon) leaves him with a wicked case of the furballs. now doomed to walk the world forever young as a werewolf how will adam get any girls?'full moon high' is not often talked about but it is a silly and entertaining horror spoof. larry cohen (q the winged serpent, the stuff) incorporates as many gags as he can possibly come up with as writer / director. arkin (h20: halloween, 20 years later) shows nice timing in the lead role. if you happen to be a fan of spoofs like 'airplane' and 'student bodies' i think you'll have fun with this chuckle-fest.

it' just funny, watch it!!! ok they want 10 lines so there: this is a spoof of 50s/70s werewolf movies. lots of satire, some political. feels like an early clouseau movie (probably due to alan arkin), but with less slap stick. if you like the naked guns movies you'll like this too (once again less slapstick in this one). actually, the humor ranges from light sexual innuendo (unavoidable in a teen comedy), to really poignant socio-political satire. the transformation of the moon high school from 50s to 70s is really funny. the sequence with the changing presidential portraits is brilliant! ok maybe not brilliant but still hilarious. there are tons of (histarical) cracks starting from the 50s cold war paranoia and the late 70s inflation.anyway, just watch the movie if you get a chance!

in this send-up of horror films, 50's cold war paranoia, reagan-era america, and high school films, adam arkin plays tony, the star quarterback of full moon high in the 1950's. he and his father (ed mcmahon) travel to communist romania and while he's lost in the streets one night, he is bitten by a werewolf. when he returns stateside, he cannot control his animalistic urges and goes on a killing spree. frustrated, he flees town. decades later, the immortal tony returns to town and re-enrolls in highschool. he still can't control his transformations, and the townspeople, and his friends, realize he's not quite human. it all culminates during the schools big football game.i expected this to be one of those 'so bad it's good' films from the early 80's. but i was surprised that the film was actually, legitimately funny. the cast, including kenneth mars as a pervy coach, roz kelly as tony's lusty former flame, demond wilson as a bus driver, and alan arkin as a oddball doctor, go all out, with hilarious results.while watching this film i was struck by how similar the writing and humor were to 'family guy.' 'full moon high' has that same anything goes attitude and never takes itself seriously.

while visiting romania with his cia dad, tony(adam arkin), quite a talented high school quarterback seen as the savior to lead his team finally to a victory over rival simpson, is told by a would-be palm-reader(..in romania, the people are not allowed many books, so she took up palm reading)that he would be bitten by a werewolf("when the moon is full, don't make any appointments..you will be busy."). well, who would have thunk it..tony is in fact bitten and his life would be forever changed. after his father unfortunately dies in a mishap within his bomb shelter(!)under odd circumstances(firing at his werewolf son inside a metallic bomb shelter isn't a very good idea, especially if the bullet doesn't leave the room and bounces around like a pinball gone berserk), tony travels the land through endless years, until he's tired of packing, and returns decades(..and many us presidents)later to hopefully lead his football team to a win over simpson..a task he abandoned long ago. what was once a very white, clean-cut high school has indeed changed into a ghetto of drug use, violence, and perversion. to get an idea of what the early 80's full moon high school's prom party resembles, think studio 54 with teenagers..larry cohen's parody of werewolf flicks, among others things, is crammed full of gags, homages, and in-jokes. my favorite sequences contain one in the sex-ed classroom where tony reveals to the 80's class his werewolf transformation and the introductory scene to dr. brand(alan arkin, who steals the film when kenneth mars isn't on screen), quite possibly the worst psychiatrist on earth. his task to talk down a jumper leads to two men falling off a balcony..the jumper and a fireman (trying, at first, to talk him out of it), both fuming mad at brand! brand even tries to get tony to sign a waver for his body's being donated to science so he can get his wife a fur coat! kenneth mars had me rolling in the floor as a homosexual football coach(..and later in the 80's as the principal)who likes to pat his players on the behind..his scene where tony's unloading the truth to the sex-ed class is classic. the film is loaded with inspired casting choices..just littered with funny characters and the cast interpretations..such as ed mcmahon as a very conservative military blowhard who actually looks identical to joseph mccathy standing next to his photo in the bomb shelter(..always talking about commies), joanne nail as bulging eyed ricky in present day who falls for the werewolf, elizabeth hartman(a patch of blue)as a mousy, nerdy sexually molested(..and molester)teacher who finds an attraction towards tony, james dixon as a deputy(..his great scene has him stealing a line from his police chief reciting it to dr. brand who begins mouthing the words to himself for memorization), roz kelly as jane, an undyingly devoted female desiring tony for only herself constantly demanding he ravish her, and bill kirchenbauer as flynn, tony's long-time pal and now the police chief who only got jane after his friend left town. can not forget jm j bullock as flynn's closeted gay son trying to fit in at the school hoping to find a dame with hilarious results.i like how the film pays homage to the werewolf genre such as when he's on the prowl..he's often referred to in the papers as jack the nipper because he likes to bite his victims on the cheek..and i'm not talking face. he's seen more as an annoyance than danger. the homages to carrie and psycho are nice, and the violin shtick is also amusing. cohen tosses so many zingers at the viewer, eventually one has to stick. obviously in a comedy such as this, not every joke hits it's mark, but many do. the cast makes this worthwhile. the film looks cheap on the typical larry cohen budget. notice the 50's scenes where the obvious old cast members that would show up down the road wear glaring wigs. loved adam in the lead..he is the perfect foil for the gags that follow him and the zingers he lets fly from cohen's script. the film moves quickly, rarely catching a breath. i liked this horror comedy more than most it seems.

i'm not kidding about that summary and vote! the video distributors have packaged this as just another typical '80s werewolf movie, but it is in fact the greatest parody of the horror genre that you can imagine, having done for the horror movie what "blazing saddles" did for the western. i have seen plenty of comedies - good, bad, stupid, weird, etc. (usually walking away unimpressed), and i think that comedy must be the most difficult genre for filmmakers and actors to work in - it takes just the right kind of touch to make things successful, and part of that is having good ideas. "full moon high" is bulging with good ideas - so many, in fact, that it can easily put the zucker/abrams team of "airplane" and "naked gun" to shame. one of the best of these is the very presence of ed mcmahon in a starring role as a john birch-style right-wing crackpot. the jokes, non-sequiturs, wisecracks and word-play are literally non-stop and everything, including the kitchen sink, has been thrown in. the ironic tone is very similar to that of "back to the future." some people (i.e. almost every reviewer here) must have been turned off by the spirit of anarchy here, but i almost died of laughter, and this is one of those movies in which you never know what kind of insane situation will transpire next. since b-movie extraordinaire larry cohen had not made a straight comedy before this, one gets the sense that he was making up for lost time by including any joke he or his collaborators could think of. if mel brooks had made this, the critics would have labelled it a comic masterpiece, but because it was made by cohen, it has been dismissed as schlock. critical reviews have called this movie too "silly." silly? what is a comedy supposed to be - serious?! anyway, i laughed out loud more for this movie than any other i can think of. cohen makes fun of everyone - himself included, with plenty of references to his usual brand of low-rent film-making; he and the actors must have had a complete blast making this.the humor is very mel brooks-ish, and anyone who loves jewish humor or watches a lot of b-movies (especially horror) will love this. trust me: the movie isn't too hard to find, and as long as you accept it for what it is - a roller-coaster of belly laughs with no pretense of social value whatsoever - then you'll truly enjoy it!!one sidenote: this movie should somehow go down in history as the one thing bob saget ever starred in (albeit briefly) that was actually funny.

silly movie is really, really funny. yes, it's got its dead moments, it can be a bit too obvious, it declines a bit in the second half and the story is an incoherent mess, but it's laugh out loud funny all the way. and it's worth seeing just for ed mcmahon as a right wing kook. this movie is in the same class as elvira, mistress of the dark, another incredibly funny, underappreciated film.

i couldn't have been more thrilled; just eight years old back in 1983, i was going to see a star wars movie at the theater! the best day of my life was about to happen. to that time, my only star wars experience had been a few hbo showings of star wars. i hadn't even seen the empire strikes back yet.and boy, did that day deliver for my less critical eyes. jabba. big rebel spaceships. the emporer. a green-bladed lightsaber!! wow! since that magical day, i must have watched this movie hundreds of times. i can't even form an accurate estimate at this point. with those multiple viewings, i have of course observed that this movie - the real episode iii - does have its flaws.of course in the context of a star wars movie, those "flaws" are more like "quirks".millions had had their magical day in 1977 and 1980. in may of 1983, i had mine. and this was my star wars movie.

i suppose jedi is now chronologically to be considered the very "last" entry in the popular saga, and it's a very good one, as were several of these. i liked how directly this sequel took off after the empire strikes back, and i appreciated the maturity of luke skywalker as a character(and also mark hamill, as an actor). after hearing so many negative things about the ewoks, they weren't so bad. i enjoyed the thrilling chase within the woods, and i felt there was a lot of well-realized emotion with this chapter. the ending (with some new additions, i presume?) successfully weaves all 6 chapters into a wonderful tale of fantasy. i know many true star wars fans hated george lucas for changes he made to the original films, but being a relative novice to these movies rather late in life and not missing what i didn't already know, i think he made these 6 movies work perfectly as a whole entity. oh, and, err -- carrie fisher looked quite delicious in her skimpy outfit.

i know i know it was a good ending but sincerely it was awesome. i love when a movie ends on a terrific dark nature but this time i was impressed with darth vader turning against the emperor i really stayed astonished. the anguishing sequence in that film was when luke is tortured and defeated by the emperor/darth sidious. he is about to be destroyed when darth vader, dark lord of the sith, eliminates his dark master. a nice sacrifice. the cinematography of this film is impressive. i was surprised with all the vessels of the rebel battle ships and all imperial war ships and super star destroyers. i loved the new race they brought on screen the mon calomari, the ewoks, the sullesteian (lando's co pilot) and many more... most of my favorite scenes are in that film:1-when vader destroys the emperor and is fatally wounded. 2- when luke sees the spirits of obi-wan and yoda and then it shows up anakin skywalker (sebastian shaw)(the greatest scene in star wars) 3- when leia slays jabba strangling the hutt crime lord.i personally like the script and the battle of endor presenting a ground and space combat as well the best duel of star wars between darth vader v.s luke skywalker on the death star. post-script: the scenes with leia in the slave bikini are memorable. 9/10.

as most off you might off seen star wars: return off the jedi you may knows its a good movie but as you might have seen on video they m|might have a party at the end and they just probably end the movie with the party with no a spirits or anything but on the original one (live tv) when they are partying but before i say more when ben obi-wan dies in the imperial ship or death star they saw him disappear and yoda dies from either old age or internal illness but because luke killed darth vader (real name: anakin skywalker) when they all are partying at the end when luke or someone stops the spirits off ben and yoda stands starring at him and smiling while another spirit appears is its darth vader but not as a sith as the old usual selve off him and started smiling with ben and yoda i reckon that made the movie ending a little bit interesting but the producers or anyone should off made a spirit off padme and mace windu and other jedis that got killed with younglings under there arms in the back ground

no, there is another !because every star wars fan had to have an opinion about i, ii & iii and because that opinion was biased since we missed so much the atmosphere and the characters of the original trilogy, i will state the good points of "the return of the jedi" and a few corresponding bad points of the prequel. of course, i loved the music, the special effects, the two droids, but this has been overly debated elsewhere.what we get in the original trilogy and in this particular movie : - a strong ecological concern - anti-militarist positions - fascinating insights about the jedi order and the force - cute creatures - harrison ford's smile - a killer scene : near the ending, when vader looks alternatively at his son and at the emperor. the lightning of the lethal bolts reflected on his black helmet. and when he grabs and betrays his master to save luke, thereby risking his own life ! oh, boy !what is wrong in the prequel inmho : - the whole "human factor" element that the original cast was able to push forward is somehow missing - the force seems to be more about superpowers and somersaults, than about wisdom - too many jedis at once and too many light sabers on the screen - the lack of experience of a few actors too often threatens the coherence of the plot by the way, if you enjoy the theory of the force as explained by obi web (obi wen, i mean) and yoda, then you should read a few books about buddhism and the forms it took in ancient japan.the magic of star wars, imho lies mainly in the continuing spiritual heritage from a master to his apprentice, from a father to his son, albeit the difficulties. "de mon âme à ton âme", (from my soul to yours), as would write bejard to the late zen master t. deshimaru.

"return of the jedi" is often remembered for what it did wrong rather than what it did right, and that is a shame, because the last chronological installment in the star wars saga is a shining example of epic storytelling. it manages to wrap up all story lines of the previous movies in one grand finale, and does so very convincingly.yes, there are ewoks - cute and cuddly bears that arguably served to broaden the star wars demographic - and in the middle the movie tends to slow down a bit. but the final hour is arguably the best piece of the entire saga, where luke finally comes face to face with darth vader, the most recognizable villain in movie history.return of the jedi did so many things right that people tend to overlook: it presented an incredible conclusion to the darth vader storyline (which went from slightly implausible in the "empire strikes back" to very convincing here), an exciting opening at jabba's palace, a masterful performance of ian mcdiarmid as the emperor, luke finally coming into his own, the resolution of solo and leia's romance, and the extremely powerful final moments on the endor moon.yes, there are slight annoyances. but they are the annoyances of a generation of moviegoers who've had time to nitpick every single scene. it's still a magical and moving piece of cinema that also serves as a great final chapter. it's not a 'good' movie - it's fantastic!

star wars: episode 4 .the best star wars ever. its the first movie i ever sean were the bad guys win and its a very good ending. it really had me wait hing for the next star wars because so match stuff comes along in this movie that you just got to find out more in the last one. whit al lot of movies i always get the feeling that it could be don bedder but not whit this one. and i will never ever forget the part were wader tels luke he is his father.way too cool. also love the bob feat figure a do hes a back ground player. if you never ever saw a star wars movie you go to she this one.its the best.thanks lucas

dear readers,the final battle between the rebellion and empire. the second death star is nearing completion and when it is completed it will spell doom for the rebel alliance. luke skywalker, now a jedi knight, returns from tatooine with han solo and princess leia, now revealed as luke's twin sister! they agree to lead the attack on the shield generator on the forest moon of endor while lando calrissian leads the attack on the death star. little do they know that a most ingenious trap has been laid for them and the emperor palpatine himself is personally overseeing the construction of the second death star.return of the jedi is my favorite of the original trilogy. it's got action, drama, romance, great battles, fantastic acting, amazing fight scenes, and awesome music by john williams. mark hamill is fully matured now into a jedi knight, gone is the naive farm-boy and in his place is a calm, relaxed jedi determined to save the galaxy. leia is still cool in this film as well as han and lando. 3p0, r2, and chewie do their roles to a t while james earl jones still is cinema's greatest villain: darth vader. ian mcdiarmid is also an excellent villain as the twisted and brutally ruthless emperor palpatine. the action sequences of this movie are breathtakingly amazing and the sword fights are serious and gritty. john williams's score is still cool and enhances the film by several levels.signed, the constant dvd collector

i only wish that return of the jedi, have been directed by somebody else, i mean, there is far too much ewoks scenes, completely unnecessary. besides this time our heroes look like different people: princess leia no longer fights with solo, luke looks boring, darth vader is not as evil as before, and yoda just dies.but there are many extraordinary things going on this episode that i just can't hate it.some spoilers 1- jabba the hut 2- the sail barge attack sequence. 3-the emperor (now that's evil) 4- the speeders chase at the endor forest. 5-the last battle. 6-the dark side seduction scene. 7-the return of anakin to the good side of the force. 8- and the last celebration.some of those are so good that they can bring tears to your eyes. if some scenes would have been cut, and another director was hired, this would have been as perfect as episode 4 and 5, but still is extraordinary. 9 out of 10.

brilliant movie. the drawings were just amazing. too bad it ended before it begun. i´ve waited 21 years for a sequel, but nooooo!!!

it's been quite some time since i've watched this lotr. i am currently hunting for a copy to purchase. bakshi's work is quite true to the original work. the visuals are engrosing and sometimes haunting.drawbacks? occasionally, the movie is confusing or muddled. there are one or two times where the storyline slows to a crawl. but, overall -- buy this movie. it's great for kids, adults and collectors.

if you have read the books then forget the characters that tolkien built in your head. the representation of hobbits, dwarves etc have had the 'disney' treatment. the dark riders are excellent, and as i had always imagined from the books.cinematically this is an excellent film, mixing live motion and animation to produce amazing effects for the year. i only wish he (bakshi) had been given the money to complete his epic.it's worth having the video as they will be worth a bit after the 2001 lord of the rings !!

i just bought this movie on dvd and watched it for the first time the other night. i've been a fan of tolkien's work for about 4 years now, ever since i got out of high school. i didn't grow up on this movie...perhaps my mother kept me away from it. it's definitely not for children. not that it's bad in a graphic sense, but that the themes would go right over most 10 year olds heads. overall, the animation was excellent considering this was made in 1978/1979. i thought the story followed the book fairly well in a loose sense. but i am bothered that bashki didn't just add another 40 minutes or so and tack on the return of the king parts. that would've made it the ultimate movie. i was bothered by it's abrupt end, and then when i heard return of the king sucked, i was bothered even more. too bad it wasn't one great animation film. it might have garnered a higher vote from me. i give it a 7. i can only hope peter jackson will do the books justice with the new live action lotr.

one thing i can say about this movie is well long, very long! i actually recently purchased this movie a couple of months ago seeing that there was a new version coming out. i was happy to find that it was made in 1978 because the 70's (even though i never lived in them) is actually one of my favourite decades, especially for the music! when i watched this movie the story was actually very good at the start but then after about 50 mins it started to get very boring and repetitive. i will admitt the animation did impress me! it was nothing i had ever seen before and was well pretty cool to see. but the movie honestly could of been a bit better, it could of had alot more talking and story to it than just 15 to 20 minute scenes that just had wierd fighting. then for the last 5 or 10 minutes the movie picked up and got good again but ended unexpectedly. in my opinion i thought it was extremely long. i know its 13 minutes over 2 hours and that is still long for a cartoon but since it was boring for most of the movie, it made it seem like it was 4 hours long!!!! but overall it is an okay film i guess and i will watch it again on one of those "nothing to do days". i will see the new one and i hope it is better!

i recently rented the animated version of the lord of the rings on video after seeing the fantastic 2001 live action version of the film. the lord of the rings live action trilogy directed by peter jackson will undoubtably be far better than george lucas' star wars "prequel" trilogy (episodes 1-3) will ever be as the real fantasy film series of the 21st century!i remember seeing the animated version as a child, and i didn't quite understand the depth of the film at that time. now that i have read the books, i understand what the whole storyline is all about. to be sure, some of the characters are quite silly, (samwise gangee is particularly annoying, almost as much as jar jar binks in star wars episode one, (awful!)) but, i have to say it follows the book rather closely, and it goes into part of book two, the two towers. the good things are that the action is somewhat interesting and some of the animation is quite remarkable for it's time. the bad things are that it ends upruptly halfway through the two towers without any result of frodo's quest to destroy the one ring, and the animation looks quite dated compared to today's standards. overall, not as bad as many say it is. but, the 2001 live action version is the new hallmark of the lord of the rings! at least ralph bakshi took the script seriously! peter jackson has said that the animated version inspired him to read the books, which in turn caused him to create one of the greatest fantasy series ever put on film, so we can at least thank ralph bakshi for that matter! i'll take the animated version of lord of the rings over the live version of harry potter anyday!a 7 out of a scale of 1-10, far less violent than the 2001 live action version, but nowhere near as good! for diehard fans of the books and film versions of the lord of the rings.

there seems to be only two types of reviews of this film on the net. those who hate it and curse ralph bakshis name and those love it and call it work of genious. i'm inclined to be in the middle. i'am forced to agree with most of the criticisms of this film (e.g.the cruel cutting of the story, badly rotoscoped charecters, over acting etc...) but dispite this i still love this film. the rotoscoping (when done properly)adds an eerie lifelike dimension to the charecters and the final battle scene at the end of the film is fantastic. the surrealistic scenes when the nineriders chase frodo are stylish and well executed and the musical score... magic. sadly the bad points outweight film but if you can bring yourself to ignore them it is a great film.(no doubt i'll be lynched by an angry mob of people who hate this film after writing this review, ah well, such is life)

i remember watching this late at night on black and white tv, long before a live-action version was so much as a twinkle in peter jackson's eye... and being very impressed. finally getting my hands this week on a vhs copy that was being thrown away (and isn't that just par for the course..?) i had the chance to revisit this film, and found that it still stands up quite well, although it's not quite the success that memory had painted.i have to confess to a certain bias here. some reviewers announce themselves as confirmed jackson-lovers, others as jackson-haters; i'm not exactly either. i was a devotee of the bbc radio adaptation by brian sibley originally broadcast in 1981, and instantly recognised the voice of gollum here -- peter woodthorpe would reprise this performance almost note-perfect for the radio three years later.i must say, however, that where i found jackson's films an increasingly indulgent disappointment, the bakshi version, for all that it has been cut to the bone, is actually more accurate. yes, there are the usual, understandable changes (here it is legolas rather than arwen who is substituted for glorfindel as the elf sent from rivendell to meet the party) and there is a great deal of telescoping of the action. (the only exception to the latter, as others have remarked, is the oddly extended sequence at the ford of rivendell, where the ringwraiths, having demonstrated a chilling ability to freeze and draw back frodo in mid-flight -- which they deploy again when he defies them after crossing the river -- then for some unexplained reason simply chase after him in a prolonged straight gallop, which is initially nightmarish but pointless, plot-wise, and definitely goes on too long.) i would also agree that the balrog is unsatisfactory, due partly to bad animation, and that gandalf windmills his arms too much.but having watched both approaches to the film, i feel more than ever that the animated route is the one to take. in a tale that is half-myth (oddly enough, one thing that is included is a snippet of aragorn's story of beren and luthien) the extreme literalism required by live-action filming, where everything from monsters to mail-shirts has to be created in detail to appear on camera, is counter-productive: latex-faced (or cgi) monsters are less monstrous than sketchily-drawn shapes, heroic costumes tend to look rather silly worn on real bodies, and hobbits or dwarfs with non-human body proportions are easy to animate but hard to film convincingly. many reviewers have cited the sniffing ringwraith in the woods, with its crippled, half-human movements, as one of the scariest moments in the film -- it certainly frightened me silly when i saw it for the first time alone in the dark!the extreme stylisation of the introduction (plus a voice-over done with great skill and economy to sum up the back-story in a few sentences) works very well to depict an almost mythical era, and the change to the comic-book rusticism of the shire -- i particularly like the proudfeet -- corresponds effectively to the similar change in tone of tolkien's prose. i did feel that there were some missed opportunities where the potential of animation could have been used to great effect: gandalf threatening bilbo with his true power in the opening scenes, bilbo seeming to become a gollum-like creature under the influence of ring-lust at rivendell, and galadriel's famous temptation speech all were drawn more or less straight, where it would have been trivial to distort the scene to reflect the hobbits' changed perceptions. but generally speaking the changes in detail and palette -- firelight hues at bree, bright colours re-emerging at rivendell and in the fangorn clearing, dirty greys and browns for moria and the desolate lands -- work well to reflect the mood of the various episodes, where a live-action approach simply doesn't allow you to blur the background or sketch in a stylised setting.as a fan i didn't care for either jackson's or bakshi's depiction of lothlorien -- again, i feel that the radio soundscape was the best evocation i've come across of a beautiful, slightly uncanny woodland paradise caught out of time -- and i feel that bakshi got the elven singing at this point pretty badly wrong, but i do like the little montage at this point showing the various members of the company relaxing together after their travails in moria. aragorn giving a hobbit-fencing-lesson here is as charming (and equally uncanonical) a spectacle as boromir engaging with the hobbits in hollin in the jackson version.the depiction of aragorn as convincingly weatherworn ranger is good throughout this film (viggo mortensen's scruffy jesus look really didn't work for me), although it would have been interesting to see how they planned to 'clean up' the character in the second half for gondor's benefit. john hurt, unsurprisingly, gives a sterling vocal performance, as does a resonant william squire in the part of gandalf. the hobbits are, i suspect, intended to reflect contemporary youth as audience-identification figures: i find the animated style (their proportions are much more 'cartoonish' than those of the human characters) works well to differentiate them, and the whole 'hairy feet' thing as drawn here comes across as much more plausible than in more literal depictions, including much fan art.personally i have less objection to boromir as viking -- he was always a fairly bludgeoning type -- than to beardy-aragorn (illogical: they were both numenorians, after all), although i am clearly in a minority here!the big flaw in this picture is always going to be the fact that it was an unfinished project, with a bizarre tacked-on voice-over ending attempting to resolve matters. a pity; it would have been interesting, not to mention less frustrating, to see what bakshi planned to make of shelob and minas tirith, never mind the dead...

with the release of peter jackson's famed "lord of the rings" trilogy, it is even easier to dismiss ralph bakshi's 1978 animated lord of the rings film as inferior. i agree with the majority that jackson's trilogy is the essential film adaptation of tolkien's work, but that does not prevent me from enjoying bakshi's ambitious pioneering effort. jackson has admitted that he received at least some inspiration from seeing bakshi's film and there are some clear similarities between their adaptations.the film's colorful picturesque backdrops are excellent and the score is memorable. i was for the most part satisfied by the drawings of the characters. the pairs of pippin and merry and eowyn and galadriel are mostly indistinguishable from each other visually, the balrog and treebeard were unimpressive, but these points didn't bother me very much. however, the nazgul are aptly drawn and made sufficiently eerie. the only character representation i was bothered by was sam's; he was made to look unbecomingly silly.this film is novel for its animation techniques. in addition to hand-drawn characters, live actors are incorporated into the animation through rotoscoping. it is quite apparent which characters are hand-drawn and which are rotoscoped, but none the less i found that the film's style was a novelty. the use of rotoscoped live actors for the battle scenes was a good decision and helped these scenes turn out well.the voice acting was generally of high quality. particularly good was john hurt, who provided an authoritative voice for aragorn. aragorn isn't a favorite character of mine from the stories, but backed by john hurt's voice he was my favorite character in this adaptation. my other favorite was william squire, whose voice is appropriately strong for gandalf. the only actor who seemed inappropriate was michael scholes as sam, whose voice acting was irritating and added to sam's unfortunately silly image. the only other bothersome part of the voice acting is the mispronunciation of character and place names. particularly strange was the decision to frequently have saruman referred to as "aruman".in producing this film, ralph bakshi expected to have the ability to produce two films. hence, this film contains about half the story, from the start of "the fellowship of the ring" to the end of the battle at helm's deep in "the two towers". the obvious implication of this is that the film's story is a highly condensed version of the story from the books. i enjoy the original stories and more thorough adaptations, but the liberties taken to compress the story didn't bother me, even the choice to leave arwen out of the story. enough of the key elements of the story were in this film to keep me engaged for the duration and there was even a novelty in being able to breeze through half the lord of the rings story in 132 minutes. the battle scenes were impressive and in particular the orc march to and battle at helm's deep were tremendous.ralph bakshi's version of "the lord of the rings" isn't perfect and no doubt a number of lord of the rings readers lament the cuts to the story. however, for me the drawbacks of this film were minor compared to the thrill of seeing an effective adaptation of half of a great trilogy. my only strong lament is that i am unable to see the second part of this "first great tale" of the lord of the rings since bakshi was not given the budget to create a sequel.

a very good movie. a classic sci-fi film with humor, action and everything. this movie offers a greater number of aliens. we see the rebel alliance leaders and much of the imperial forces. the emperor is somewhat an original character. i liked the ewoks representing somehow the indigenous savages and the vietnamese. (excellent references) i loved the duel between vader and luke which is the best of the saga. in return of the jedi the epilogue of the first trilogy is over and the empire finally falls. i also appreciated the victory celebration where it fulfills vader's redemption and returns hi into anakin skywalker spirit along with yoda and obi-wan. it gives a sadness and a tear. the greatest scenes in star wars are among this movie: when vader turns on the emperor. luke watches and finds comfort in seeing obi-wan, yoda and...his father (1997 version not hayden christenssen). the next best scene is when luke rushes to strike back darth vader to protect leia. there is a deep dark side of this film despite there is a good ending. i felt there was much more than meets the eye. and as always the john william's music will bring the classicism into star wars universe.

when a small hobbit named frodo baggins inherits a magic ring from his uncle, the wizard gandalf investigates and discovers that the ring is an ancient creation of an evil dark lord. should the ring end up back in his hands, he will regain his power and destroy middle earth. frodo and his loyal friends set out on a a quest to destroy the ring with a band of warriors. this is an underrated adaption of the classic novels as it only covers the first half of the story. regardless, this is an epic and wonderfully animated film.the animation is superbly done with rotoscope, which is tracing over live action footage. ralph bakshi worked well with the low budget he was given. the film also boasts a grand music score by leonard rosenman that fits every scene. there are a few plot holes with the script, but that has to be excused, considering the original deal was to make the book trilogy into two films, much had to crammed in the first one. my biggest gripe is some of the character design, samwise was a bit too goofy, while the other hobbits act completely normal. the other characters are actually well written for the screen, and the voice actors do a great job, i was pleased that legolas is actually a bit more helpful to the plot. the rotoscoped orcs are more comical than frightening, while the ringwraiths are eerie and nightmarish.another problem is that the evil wizard saruman is called aruman, thanks to the writers. overall, i think a little more money and better writers would have done this a lot of justice, but there is something charming about it. ralph bakshi made a valiant effort of making screen adaption of these classic stories. the film suffers terribly from being overshadowed by the live action films, but it's still a great movie for animation lovers of all ages.

peter jacksons version(s) are better films overall from objective point of view. that being said, they are not my favorite screen versions of lord of the rings, and let me explain why. firstly, the acting of the on-screen characters is just too ordinary and uninspiring with jackson's lotr. the whole cast is too run of the mill. "are you claiming that those silly cartoon characters of ralph bakshi version are better actors than real people?" one could ask. well, they are not really silly(save for hobbits, later about them) and they certainly pack more personality than jackson's party - even with much more limited dialogue time. and that is because of superior _voice_ acting of the bakshi's lotr. take aragorn for example. in this version his voice is deep and charismatic with full of authority(aragorn the lord)and with a seasoned rasp(aragorn the ranger). this is due to john hurt's brilliant voice acting. compare that to viggo mortensen's rather high pitched sound with no soul and the duel gets quickly uneven: hurt beats mortensen hands down. and then there is gandalf. probably the most dominating(and the most popular) character in the whole saga. in this bakshi version gandalf(william squire) is a real wizard. and by that i don't mean he shoots bolts from his fingertips(he does not), but his presence is just captivating. he is a mystical, powerful and can switch from gentle old man to a scary person with ease. add to that his looks: tall, old as the ancient oak, beard long as his body, sharp eyes, wizardy hook nose and of course, the classical wizard hat. a perfect gandalf, just like in the books. ian mckellen's gandalf in the other hand, is simply just too boring. he looks too human, sounds too human, acts too human and wears no hat or wields no sword. yes a sword. in this bakshi version gandalf scores couple of bloody orc kills with his sword(as he did in the books). and those are stylish slow motion kills. gandalf is not a power to be messed with. and it must be noted, that while i'm sad to say this, the great christopher lee didn't bring saruman alive. fraser kerr in this movie did, even with a very limited screen time and lines.before i move completely to visual aspects of the movie, it must be mentioned that the voice acting and the general presenation of the orcs are also superior to jackson's pretendeous bad guys. bakshi's orcs taunt their enemies(or each other) constantly with growls, screams and nasty language. they are more believable as monsters and are more faithful to the book in my opinion. and finally, the black riders - or the nazgul. those ultimate bad guys are scary ghosts in this one - not just some riders wearing black. and they speak with haunting voice, which mesmerizes their victim. my favorite scene in the film is when the nazgul are chasing frodo near the river. while peter jackson couldn't do anything but show the riders simply chasing the party, bakshi throws in a nightmarish dream with some cool slow motion scenes and thundering sky.but as much i like this film more than jackson's, the latter are, if only technically, still better. and that is because of some key visuals. as you know bakshi lotr features a mixture of animated characters(all hobbits and the main cast) and real actors covered with paint. i don't really have a problem using real people in animation this way, but they just don't fit very well with traditional cartoon figures. this is especially true with humans(riders of rohan, tavern people etc.) orcs are different matter, since they are meant to look very distinctive from other characters. orcs, while played by humans with animation mix, look far superior to jacksons version. they have brownish-green skin, shiny red eyes, flat face and pointed teeth. biggest screw up in this films visuals, howerver, are the hobbits. while i prefer almost every character in bakshi version compared to jackson, the latter has clearly superior hobbits, in fact they are perfect. with bakshi you get some irritating and rather poorly drawn humanoid disney bambies. and you are forced to spend a lot of movie time with them, so be warned. again, the voice acting is ok with them too, but the actors mouths cannot save the "immersion damage" made by these little weasels. well, i never really liked those halflings anyway. general failures in the bakshi script are well known. limited playing time(with limited budget) and a lot of missing scenes. so while this film covers nearly half of the story, it doesn't do it in extensive detail compared to jackson's version. in a summary the ralph bakshi version of lotr has a superior:-overall atmosphere (it feels more like middle-earth) -overall voice acting -music (i really dig the fantasy score by kont & rosenman) -gandalf -aragorn (one of the john hurt's finest roles) -king theoden -orcs -black riders -elrond (he's not some fairy hippie in this one!)while jackson version is better:-because it covers the whole story -overall visuals and special effects -gollum/smeagol -balrog -hobbitslord of the rings by ralph bakshi, even with it's well known shortcomings, is one of the best animation films ever made and it captures the atmosphere of tolkien's fantasy world very well, if not perfectly. i'll give it a score of 8½ out of 10.

i happened upon this movie as an 8-10 year old on a cold, dark november afternoon. i was outside playing all day, freezing, and when i came in around 4pm, i had a cup of hot cocoa and sat down in front of the tv with a blanket. i was surprised to be watching a cartoon that wasn't all happy and silly--and was in fact dark, and moralistic. it captured my imagination. i'm sure it misses the text, and is abbreviated in all the wrong places for the tolkien purist. but it still captures the spirit of the story, the choice to carry a burden for the good of others, the consequences of selfish, rash decisions, etc. the quality of animation leaves room for complaint. but the one place where this movie clearly rises above the new films is the voice characterizations. john hurt is great in this. if you don't like how the character is drawn, look away, and just listen to him. his voice is extraordinary. i've seen it again many, many times and it always brings me back to that time, as a kid, thirsty for some magical adventure. it's for this reason i say 'lucky', the film is nostalgic for me so i overlook its shortcomings. but between john hurt, and tolkien's fantasy, it still reached me, and still does.

my friend had the idea of watching the animated lotr after seeing the peter jackson return of the king. so i finally bought it off e-bay, thinking right from the start it was going to suck. actually, it really wasn't as bad as i thought it would be. the animation was good for its time, they used a unique method of blending live action with animation to create some interesting effects, and the guy who did the voice for frodo sounded somewhat like elijah wood.not the greatest adaptation of a book, but trust me, i've seen a lot worse. it skips quite a lot of things, since both fellowship and the two towers are compressed into one two hour movie. definatley worth a watch, kids might like, but still, absoutley no comparision with the peter jackson trilogy.

first of all no adaptation is ever as good as the book, especially when you're dealing with master writer like tolkien. this adaptation wonderfully synthesizes tolkien's universe with 1970s psychedelia, aesthetics, and liberal culture. yes - the animation and background painting is sometimes a little "rough" in its technical execution but it's beautiful none the less, and very evocative in terms of giving a unique "sense of place" to each of the scenes. beyond the absolute uniqueness in imagery is the absolutely outstanding voice acting - acting that's far superior to the acting in the new live action movies. and while the cell animation might not be the most "technically proficient" animation it superbly captures the expressive bodily and facial gestures of the acting while at once not forgetting to be subtle and nuanced. the background paintings vary from traditional "fantasy" motif to outright abstraction, but the transition to abstracted settings is always motivated by the narrative and contributes greatly to the themes of the film. if you're a person who has to have extensive computer rendering in a film so that everything is visualized for you then i can see how you might not like this movie but if you enjoy superior acting, transcendental imagery, and jrr tolkien then this film is a must see.

i'm fond of this film and it vexes me that so many "reviewers" rank it below the peter jackson trilogy. a filmed novel is always interpretive; in particular an animated film relies on the artist's vision and should be judged on its own terms. speaking as a purist, this is a finer homage to tolkien than the updated version. while this film has its flaws it stays truer to the source, especially so far as the characters are concerned.in the jackson version tolkien's frodo is barely recognizable: from the first scenes he is portrayed as a weakling, constantly wavering, manipulated by forces around him and never standing on his own two feet (this is physically and metaphorically true.) you wonder why fate chose this limp biscuit to carry the one ring to the cracks of doom. jackson unforgivably rewrites tolkien and robs frodo of his finest moment when he allows arwen to rescue him from the ringwraiths...bakshi's version respects the original, presenting a frodo who demands the wraiths "go back and trouble me no more!" bakshi sustains frodo's character as tolkien conceived it. we see his decline as the weight of his burden increases. frodo is so pivotal to lord of the rings you wonder why jackson took such liberties (he does so with numerous characters)since character development propels the plot to its inevitable conclusion. bakshi's film better explores the companionship between legolas and gimli in a few judicious scenes that are completely lacking in jackson's version. similarly we see boromir horsing with pippin and merry, furthering the idea of fellowship. for my liking the camaraderie is more developed in the animated version than the live action.tolkien's poetry is an important ingredient in the novels and bakshi makes tribute to this in one of my favorite scenes: when frodo sings the "merry old inn" song, minutes before stumbling into strider. the cheery tune is chillingly juxtaposed with the darker theme music when seconds later, invisible to his friends but visible to the wraiths, frodo is dangerously exposed. this is one of the most atmospheric portions of the film and chills me whenever i see it.the well documented budget/time restrictions limit this film's final impact but had it been completed it may have resonated with more viewers. as it is, it's worth a look. even its detractors admit that peter jackson derived much of his inspiration from this prototype.

first of all, the only reason people keep bitching about this film is because they can't stand a few parts of the true story being "altered". well guess what? peter jackson's film wasn't a perfect rendition either. well enough ranting. this is a very beautiful film. the backgrounds are gorgeous and taken from well known tolkein artists. the film covers about half the trilogy (fellowship of the ring and up to the battle of helms deep in the two towers) and moves at a good pace. the voice casting is top notch and the most of the characters look like i imagined they would. samwise is a bit too ugly for my tastes, but aragorn looks awesome. the film has a great score that completely supports the movie. if you enjoy good fantasy stories but hate reading (the books are even better) give this movie a try, keeping in mind it was made 20 odd years ago.also of particular note: peter jackson's adaption of fellowship follows almost exactly the same strand as ralph bakshi's (jackson has said many times how much he admired bakshi's effort).

godard once said a way to criticize a movie is to just make one, and probably the strongest kind that could be made about ralph bakshi's take on tolkien's magnum opus the lord of the rings, has actually been made by peter jackson. the recent trilogy, to me, aren't even total masterpieces, but they are given enough room with each book to breath in all the post-modern techniques crossed with classical storytelling to make them very good, sweeping entertainments. but as one who has not read the books, i end up now looking upon the two versions, live-action (albeit partly animated in its big visual effects way) and animated (albeit partly done with actual live action as the framework) in relation to just the basic story, not even complete faithfulness to the books. and with bakshi's version, it's almost not fair in a way, as what we do see is really not the complete vision, not what jackson really had (probably final cut). robbed of return of the king's big climactic rush of the story, and with the other two parts becoming rushed, i ended up liking it more for what it did within its limitations, though as such those same limitations make it disappointing.what's interesting too, after seeing the jackson films first- which i also slightly regret being that i might've reacted to this differently when i was younger and prior to five years ago- is that the basic elements of the story never get messed up with. everything that is really needed to tell the fellowship of the ring story is actually pretty much intact, and if anything what was probably even more gigantic and epic in tolkien's book is given some clarity in this section. the actors playing the parts of the hobbits and the other heroes, are more or less adequate for the parts, with a few parts standing out (john hurt as aragorn and william squire as gandalf). the lack of extra characterization does end up making things seem a little face-value for those who've not even seen the other films or read the books and can't put them into context. but there is some level of interest always with the characters, and here there's a more old-fashioned sensibility amid the large aura of it being more. this is not a garden variety disney adaptation- warts and all, this is a bakshi film, with his underground animation roots colliding with the mythical world of middle earth.and what bakshi and his animation team bring to the film is one that ends up giving what is on screen, in all its abbreviated form, its hit or miss appeal. along with being not totally complete as a film, or as stories, the form of the film is an experiment, to see if something can be entirely rotoscoped. the results end up bringing what seems now to be retro, but at the time of course was something that was a rough, crazy inspiration on the part of the filmmakers. might it have been better with more traditional drawn animation? in some parts, yeah; it does become a little noticeable, as was also the case in bakshi's american pop, that the main characters move in such ways that are a little shaky, like some kind of comic-book form done in a different way. still, there's much i admired in what was done. the orcs, for example, i found to be really amazing in they're surreal surroundings. they're maybe the best part of the combination of the animation on top of the live-action, especially during parts where there isn't battle footage (that's really the real hit-or-miss section, as there isn't continuity from the good and bad rotoscoping), and the chiaroscuro comes through with big shapes on top of horseback. it's creepy in a good way. and the backgrounds, while also very rough and sometimes too sketchy, are beautiful with the mixtures and blasts of colors together. it's almost something for art-film buffs as much as for the ring-nuts.so, how would i recommend this animated take on the lord of the rings? i don't know, to tell the truth. it's certainly a good notch above the other tolkien animated film i've seen, the hobbit (and i've yet to see the animated rotk), and there is some real artistry going on. there's also some stilted dialog, an all-too-rushed two towers segment with the most intriguing character gollum being reduced to maybe two scenes in all. and seeing something as fragmented like this ends up only reinforcing the completeness of the more recent films. if you're a fan of the books contemplating checking this out, i would say it's worth a chance, even if it's one of those chances where you watch for forty minutes and then decide whether to stop it or not. as for it fitting into bakshi's other films i've seen it's an impressive ambitious and spotty achievement, where as with lynch's dune it's bound to draw a dark, mordor-like line in the sand between those who hate it passionately and those who don't. i don't.

as an animated film from 1978, this is pretty good--generally well above the standard of the days when disney hadn't done anything good in years (and tolkien cared little for disney anyway). it gets major points for innovative and careful camera work, applying cinematic techniques with relative success. the much-maligned rotoscoping actually works pretty well, especially with the ringwraiths, and the opening narration. however, it is so drastically overused--possibly as a money-saving technique--that it detracts from the overall effect. the same technique that makes wraiths spooky and otherworldly doesn't fare so well in the prancing pony.as for the adaptation of the story, it's actually quite good. we lose little bits here and there, minor details such as the old forest and tom bombadil, the gaffer and the sackville-bagginses. we compress a few characters, such as revising legolas as one of elrond's household and an old friend of aragorn's, but that's a rather wise decision for film. in books you have room to include the references to the larger world of the elves and middle-earth's vast history. in film, you trade that for visuals and sound that convey the same elements in a different way. nothing critical is truly lost here, and although i have minor quibbles about some of the changes, i'm generally pretty happy with it.if only the dratted writers had managed to remember saruman's name--he's frequently referred to as aruman, a decision probably made to make him more distinct from similarly-named sauron; it took me a second viewing before i was certain i hadn't misheard it. it's also annoying that boromir is a bloody stage viking, and irritable from the start. however, gandalf is excellent, and most of the rest of the voicework is excellent. if only john hurt weren't too old to play aragorn; i love his voice.of course, with the film ending at the midpoint of the story, there's a vast disappointment built in. what makes it far, far worse is the altogether miserable job done by the rankin & bass crew on the sequel. that they were permitted to do return of the king after butchering the hobbit remains a huge mystery; they seem more interested in bad songs than in proper storytelling. for all its faults, this film's heart is solidly in place and it tries very hard to accomplish a nearly impossible task. i can only hope that the upcoming series of films keeps as true to its vision...

more than twenty years before peter jackson's visionary adaptation of the lord of the rings, there was this 1978 animated effort from director ralph bakshi. an ambitious and reasonably faithful version of the story, this has sadly been rather over-shadowed by the jackson trilogy. indeed, many reviewers here on the imdb (mainly those who saw the newer version first) seem to be fiercely unkind to this version.... but if one applies a little common sense, and takes into consideration the time when it was made and the technical possibilities that existed at that time, then they will realise that this is a pretty good film. indeed, it was shortly after seeing this animated movie back in the early '80s that i sought out tolkien's book and immediately became a lifelong fan of these richly detailed middle earth adventures. so, in some respects, i owe this film a degree of acknowledgement as the film which shaped my literary tastes forever.sauron, the dark lord of middle earth, forges an all-powerful ring that gives him incredible power. following a great battle during which sauron is defeated, the ring falls into possession of a king named isildur. but instead of destroying it he foolishly chooses to keep it. for centuries the ring passes from hand to hand, eventually coming into the possession of a hobbit named frodo baggins who lives in a peace-loving community known as the shire. frodo learns from a wizard named gandalf that his ring is in fact the one ring, the very same that was forged by sauron all those centuries ago, and that its master is once again searching for it in order to restore his dark power over the entire land. frodo embarks on a perilous journey to protect the ring with three other hobbit companions, but every step of the way they are hunted by sauron's ring-wraiths, the black riders. there follow many adventures, during which a company of nine adventurers is formed to guide the ring to the only place where it can be "unmade"  mount doom, in the land of mordor. the film concludes with frodo and his best friend sam on the borders of mordor, closing ever nearer to their horrifying destination. meanwhile gandalf and the other members of the company fight off a huge army of orcs at the legendary fortress of helm's deep.this version covers just over half of the original book. a second instalment was planned to bring the story to an end, but was sadly never completed. while the ending feels abrupt, it does at least end at a sensible point in the story. one has to feel a little frustration and regret that no sequel exists in which we might follow these animated heroes to their eventual goal. the animation is passable, with a nice variety of locales and characters presented in interesting detail. the music by leonard rosenman is suitably stirring and fits in appropriately with the epic narrative. the voice-overs are decent, too, especially john hurt as aragorn and peter woodthorpe as gollum. on the other hand, michael scholes - who provides the voice for sam - is rather campy and goofy, which is not well suited to the character. the lord of the rings is a commendable attempt to visualise the staggering book on which it is based.

this is probably the best of all of the star wars movies. the starting point of the movie was almost like episode iv--spacey cabaret music and thoughts of a cabaret place, where the seriousness of mobster jabba the hutt was getting even more serious. he ordered luke to die in a basement pit by the bone-crushing teeth of bantha, who looked almost like a cross between a bear and a shark. luke's jedi powers eventually finish the monster off. adding to the sneaky rescue of han solo, who was frozen alive at the end of episode v, jabba was very angry about this that luke was sentenced to die at the sarlacc pit outside.but all of the star wars "good guys", especially r2-d2, had other ideas...and those other ideas fended off luke's execution; in the end, most of jabba's soldiers died and princess leia was able to use the force to fatally choke jabba to death.like in episode iv, the death star in episode vi makes its appearance. as i analyzed the rebel fleet attacking the imperial fighters around the death star, the star destroyer personnel, i guessed, sped up the arming of the main laser, using the imperial fighters as a diversion. the 20-25 star destroyers that lined up were ready to attack but was called off and instead the laser weapon on the death star was fired in surprise. once it fired, the rebel fleet's only hope was that the death star's deflector shield was going to be knocked out, and this affected lando so much because he wanted to destroy the death star but he couldn't until the shield was taken out. and it was taken out with lando's increasing impatience.like in episode v, the imperial walkers make their menacing appearance with their twin cannons, killing at least one of the ewoks...but the ewoks found ancient yet unusual way to deal with them. for instance, chewbacca, as well as another ewok, was able to commandeer one of the walkers (and actually used that to destroy from behind one of the walkers), and the other ewoks used logs to knock out two other walkers.it is amazing what luke could do with his jedi powers on his light sabre, like, for instance, the scene on endor where luke deflects incoming laser shots from a storm trooper speeder bike, and using the sabre to knock out part of the bike. or, in a climax, using the sabre to break off his own father's arm during the final sabre fight with sith vader.you probably know the ewoks celebration after the death star was blown, complete with a short display of fireworks, drumming on the spoils of victory (e.g., storm trooper masks), and luke finally meeting up with leia after luke's own nemesis---darth vader, now dead, is burned on a pyre. the celebration include ewoks singing but i think lucas did not buy that--even with the strong respect of film composer john williams.on the home movie version, i think lucas himself wanted a different ending. in addition to the celebration on endor, he wanted shots of celebratory scenes on the several surviving rebel planets, including a celebratory laser shot that destroys the statue of the sith. the ewoks song was replaced by an alternative instrumental piece. he probably wanted the extra stuff to prove that with the death star's destruction, balance had been restored to the rebel galaxies.

this film, in my opinion, is, despite it's flaws (which i maintain are *few*), an utter masterpiece and a great and glorious piece of art.what mr. bakshi has done here is to create an utterly beautiful film and has shown his immense talent and versatility as a director of animated films. he does not receive 1/100th of the credit he deserves for literally saving the art of animation for an adult audience. if it were not for mr. bakshi, i don't believe animation would have survived the disney onslaught. what is more, with the lord of the rings, he has not only created a beautiful animated film, but he has created an entirely new art form - unfortunately one that never quite made it off the ground.most people will complain about the use of rotoscoping in the film (the use of live action images which are used as background images and often animated over using various techniques from what appears to be small amounts of tinting to full blown animation). but i feel that the people who complain about it simply cannot accept an art form which is out of the norm. no, this is not disney animation. no it's not live action. no, it's not "cheating" - what it is is a new, fascinating, and absolutely wonderful art form. something so fresh, and so new that it feels completely at home in such a fantastic tale as "the lord of the rings". bakshi's pioneering use of this technique brings the subtleties of middle earth to life is a very dark and mysterious way, in particular, the darker of tolkien's creatures, particularly the nazgul, are realized in a way that traditional animation or live action have not been able to accomplish.peter s. beagle's screenplay (based very little, as i understand it, on an early draft by chris conkling) is a very loyal adaptation of tolkien's works. where possible he uses dialogue directly out of the novel and it feels at home in the world which bakshi has created. there are many cuts that were made to fit the first book and 3/4 into a single 2 hour 15 minute film, but there are very few changes to the storyline. there are a few holes which it would have been nice to have filled: the reforging of narsil, the gifts of galadriel, the huorns at the battle of the hornburg, but, again, with the time limitations he had (already the longest animated feature in history), these are certainly understandable (though it makes one wonder how they could have been explained in a sequel).also there is the delightful (one of my favorites) score by leonard rosenman (who also scored barry lyndon and star trek iv (the score for which is clearly based on his lotr work)). it is bombastic and audacious and, dare i say, perfect. it stands on it's own as an orchestral triumph, but when coupled with the images of the film, it enters a whole new world of symphonic perfection. so far from the typical hollywoodland fare that it turns many people off.the voice actors are wonderful. of particular note is john hurt as aragorn who just oozes the essence of strider.the character design is also wonderfully unique, though not often to everyone's taste. but remember that it is the duty of the director of an adaptation to show you what he/she imagines, not what you might have imagined, and so aragorn is realized with a distinctive native american feel and boromir appears in viking inspired garb. this is perhaps not what you imagined, but i can only applaud mr. bakshi for showing us what he "saw". it also might be noted that he spent a significant amount of time with priscilla tolkien in developing the character outfits for the film.one farther word - the flight to the ford sequence, in my opinion, is one of the most subtlety beautiful sequences ever to be caught on celluloid. bakshi is not afraid to slow down the pace for a moment, and his mastery is clearly shown by the incredible tension is able to build. bakshi's artistic ability and tolkien's incredible work fuse in this sequence to a glorious peak which has yet to be equaled.the recent dvd release (2001) by warner brothers, is sorely lacking. while we can offer our eternal thanks that the film is finally available in widescreen format, the package is woefully short of extras. how glorious it would have been to have had a director's commentary, been able to see the 20 minutes of extra footage that were removed for the theatrical release. another delightful addition could have been the assembled the live action footage which was later animated over. also present in the dvd release is the utterly horrible voiceover at the end of the film which is a departure from the simple voiceover which occurred in the very final frames of the film. this version is plastered and poorly rendered right over the musical climax of the score.of course, the greatest tragedy of all is that the sequel was never made. we will never be able to see bakshi's interpretation of gondor, of shelob, of faramir, of the cracks of doom, of eowyn's battle with the witch king or gandalf's confrontation with him. we will never be graced with bakshi's image of denethor or the palatir or the paths of the dead. it is a shame beyond all shames that we will, in the end, have to accept peter jackson's glitz and glitter hollywood, action film version of these later events in tolkien's masterpiece, but, i suppose even that is better than having no cinematic version at all.david

when i think of return of the jedi i think epic. yeah ewoks were in there so what? they're an interesting add to the movie (not to mention they are similar to the vietcong who were also able to take down a technologically advanced army with primitive acts). jedi is definitely more darker then the rest of the movies. emperor palpatine (portrayed by the amazing theater actor ian mcdiarmid) was one the best parts of the movie. palpatine is so evil and vicious, vader looks like mr. rogers compared to him . speaking of darth vader, what an amazing end to such an iconic character. vader is truly a modern day greek tragedy and i think people can now especially understand and appreciate this after revenge of the sith came out. his redemption at the end was moving and really brings a happy yet bittersweet feeling to you. the best part was of course the special effects. it's amazing how a film from the early eighties can still stand the test of time with it's graphics. the scenes at jabba's palace (leia looks amazing in that metal bikini) and of course the epic three way battle at the end are still stunning to look at. in all jedi's deep plot and emotional moments (primarily between luke vader and palpatine and when luke reveals the truth to leia) and incredible special effects is a fitting end to one of the most beloved franchises in cinema history.

i was but a babe in arms when george lucas was wowing the world with his out of this world saga chronicling the adventures of young luke skywalker and the notorious darth vadar but even today 20 years on i can appreciate the genius that is lucas and the incredible imagination he's been blessed with. in a new hope lucas showed a new way to tell stories as he introduced us to such memorable characters as the plucky princess leia, the rougish han solo and the spirited luke skywalker as well as that best loved of villains, the sinister darth vadar. in the empire strikes back he went all out to show us special effects can add to a tale and managed to something no-one thought you could do on screen. he made a film with no specific end or beginning and it went down a treat. return of the jedi is a fitting end to a saga that will stand the test of time.when the empire srtikes back ended with encasing of the lovable rouge han solo in carbonite to be delivered to jabba the hut and young luke reeling from the discovery of a terrible truth about his father we were left with the feeling that things were going from bad to worse. vadar it seemed had won the day. how we asked could the rebels ever recover from this blow? in lucas stunning and captivating final chapter we are kept on the edges of our seats from han's daring rescue from jabba's palace to the the final climactic battle on the death star between luke and vadar as luke struggles between fulfilling his duties as a jedi and rebel fighter and attempting to reawaken the good he believes is still in his father's soul.old friends like the smooth talking lando calrissian and the ever lovable chewbacca reunite for one final battle to end all battles as a new darker more dangerous enemy emerges in the form of the emperor himself ( played by the brilliant ian mcdiarmiud.how he missed out on an oscar is a mystery.) desperate to turn luke to the dark side even if it means betraying his apprentice darth vadar.all in black with his red eyes,ghostly white disfigured face and sinister laugh he truly is a terrifying addition to the story and is the undisputed master of the events that unfold. his new and improved death star spells disaster for the rebels but the brave group launch one last desperate attack to end the empire's reign for good. lucas managed to incorporate three different stories at once and keep the action going so that the audience is riveted. we watch in excitement as han and leia attempt to bring down the shield around the death star from the forest moon of endor with the help of some adorable ewoks ( who i really do not believe take from the movie at all. in fact i feel they provide a sort reprieve from the tension of the battles at and in the death star) and hindered by legions of stormtroopers and imperial officers. we cheer on lando and the other pilots as they take on the mighty imperial fleet and risk life and limb to fly into the deatn star to destroy it once and for all. and we watch with bated breath as vadar and the emperor attempt to turn luke to the dark side while he in turn tries to turn his father back.but for me the most difficult and yet compelling battles is that going on inside darth vadar. for rotj is a battle of emotions and feelings. vadar is caught between his loyalty to the emporer and the empire and his fatherly inclinations to luke. never did i think that a mask could show emotion but some-how one can't but see the confusion and pain on vadar's face during the final scenes as the emporer turns on luke. there is more depth and emotion to vadar than i believed a villain, especially one more machine then man could have and that i think is what makes him so accessible. he is conflicted. the apprentice as much as the master. the victim as much as the villain. without ruining the end too much vadar's final scene is the most poignant and wonderful in the trilogy.so in conclusion what can i say. george lucas is the master of the saga. star wars is the most compelling and engaging sagas i've seen in a long time and i have yet to see another saga rival it. return of the jedi has all the ingredients necessary to provide the ending lucas masterpiece deserves. it's action, suspense, romance, tragedy, redemption, joy all rolled into one and it's memorable characters, wonderful special effects and catchy music make both a great movie in its own right and an ending that lucas can be proud of.

after ''empire strikes back'' ''return of the jedi'' is my second favorite movie from the star wars series.luke went to tattoine to save han solo from jabba. at the same time, the galactic empire is doing in secret, the construction of a new space station like the previous death star. if this station stays totally constructed, it will be the end of the rebel alliance. both vader and the emperor are impatient because of the delay of the new death star,and they need to kill many of their commanders to have the project made in schedule.r2 and c3po are inside jabba's palace to send a message from luke to jabba,where lukes pretends to negotiate han's life. he gives r2 and c3po as a gift to jabba as part of his plan. jabba does not accept the negotiation,since he is using han solo as a piece of his palace's decoration.(han still is frozen in carbonite) lando is hidden as jabba's guard and chewbacca is also gave to jabba by a reward hunter. when the same hunter tries to save han solo and makes him stay in human form again, we see that is actually princess leia in a disguise. the problem is that jabba discovers leia's plan and takes her as his slave,while han is thrown away in chewbacca's cell.luke comes as a jedi knight to rescue his friends. at his first try to kill jabba,he falls into jabba's monster cell (bantha),but easily kills it. jabba stays angry and decides to thrown han,chewbacca and luke to sarlacc, a big creature from the desert who stays 1.000 years digesting it's 'food'. luke,han and chewie has success in scape again, and even boba fett dies when han accidentally throws him in to sarlacc's mouth. leia kills jabba and goes after han,luke and chewie as well c3po and r2. everybody's safe again,luke decides to go to dagoba to complete his training as a jedi,as well his promise to yoda. the problem is that yoda is too old and sick, since he already has 900 years old, and before he dies, yoda says to luke that he does not need more training,but to really be a jedi, he must fight with vader again. he confirms to luke that vader is luke's dad, and that there is another skywalker besides luke. in his last moments, yoda asks to luke to remember his advices about the temptation of the dark side, and to luke transmit his jedi knowledge to other people. when yoda dies,obi wan's spirit shows up to luke and tells him that luke's father killed his good side anakin to become darth vader, and also that he is more machine than a man since he became a sith. luke stays worried about killing his own dad, and says that he feels that his father still has kindness. obi wan tells luke that his twin sister is leia, and says the reasons why luke and leia were separated since babies. he gives his last advice to luke saying that if he refuses to kill vader, the emperor will win the war.at the same time, the emperor says to vader that he must give luke to him when he shows up, since luke is stronger than before, and they both needs to combine their efforts to bring luke to the dark side.now we are going to have one of the best battles from the star war series,when the rebel alliance plans to attack the new space station, the '' death star 2'', luke will confront vader and the emperor, and leia, han and chewie needs to turn off the 'death star 2' power field, with the help of the ewoks. (little creatures who looks little bears)this is for sure one of the most exciting star wars of all!

thanks to kevin smith, a bunch of geeks are running around saying that return of the jedi isn't any good because it's actually fun to watch. and oh no! muppets are involved! that makes it bad! everyone liked return of the jedi until someone in a kevin smith movie made a negative comment about it. now all of a sudden people people look at you like you have some kind of disease if you mention how much you like it. this movie is so much better than anything kevin smith ever even considered creating that it boggles my mind that the man would even think of denouncing it. this movie is good fun! it's just as awesome as i remember it being when i was six! enjoy this movie for what it is and stop stealing kevin smith's opinions! his aren't correct!and that ewok song at the end ruled! i bet you people don't even enjoy "ewoks: battle for endor"!!!! i'm going to set you all on fire!

this film is to my mind the weakest film in the original star wars trilogy, for a variety of reasons. however it emerges at the end of the day a winner, despite all its flaws. it's still a very good film, even if a lot of its quality depends on the characters that have been built up in the superior 2 installments.one problem here is the look of the film, which isn't very consistent with the other 2 films. i put a lot of that down to the departure of producer gary kurtz. the first 2 films have that dirty, lived-in look with all the technology and so forth. in "jedi" on the other hand even the rebels look like they just stepped out of a shower and had their uniforms dry cleaned. this makes for a much less textured film. also the creatures were excessively muppet-like and cutesy. at this point it seems like the film-makers were more concerned with creating the templates for future action figures than with the quality of the film itself.another aspect is its lack of originality. where "star wars" created a whole new experience in cinema and "empire" brought us to alien worlds of swamps, ice, and clouds, "jedi" lamely re-cycled the locations of the first film. first we are back on the desert planet tatooine, and then we are watching them face another death star (maybe the emperor couldn't think of anything new... but you'd think lucas or kasdan could). also we have these ewoks, who really are just detestable made-for-mattel teddy bears, in a recycled version of what was supposed to be the big wookie-fight at the end of "star wars" if they hadn't run out of cash. it just feels like lazy construction.the most unfortunate aspect of "jedi" for me is the weak handling of the han solo character. whereas he is central to the plot of the first 2 films here he is struggling for screen time, trading one liners with the droids. instead of a real drama we're stuck with the lame pretense that han is still convinced leia loves luke -- as if the conclusion of "empire" where she confessed her love of him had never happened. the whole thing is very contrived and barely conceals the fact that the solo character was not part of this film's central story after his rescue. ford, for his part, looks bored and lacks the style that distinguished his earlier performances. this is more like a 1990s ford performance, bored and looking "above" the film itself. fisher for her part is visibly high in some scenes. lando, an interesting character introduced in "empire", here is stuck as the ostensible person we care about in the giant space battle. only hamill, given an interesting development in the luke character, is really able to do anything new or interesting with his character. probably he was the only major actor in the film who still cared about his work. and to be fair the script gives him a lot more to do than the other characters. really it is his story and the other characters are only there as part of the package. ian mcdiarmid does excellent work as well as the emperor. the film would sink if he had been too far over the top (as he was at times in the new films).visually and in terms of effects work, other than the "clean" look of everything it's hard to find fault. jabba is a very effective animatronic character, one of the most elaborate ever constructed. the space battles towards the end are very impressive.ultimately this film coasts to success based on the accomplishments of its forebears. but on its own, it is a satisfying piece of entertainment and imho far superior to any of lucas' later productions.

first, i'd like to say that, while i know my share about star wars, i am not a fanatic. i do not know how many chromosomes a wamp rat has or the extended family of tk427. what i know is this: star wars, all the movies(less so with episode 2 though), captured something magical. it's hard to say what, what button lucas has found and boldly pressed, but it works. star wars is more than a movie. it's an idea.how, may you ask? i shall explain. star wars touches on the most universal of stereotypes, good vs evil. it does this so obviously, so profoundly, that literally any person from any environment can understand. episode vi does the very well, concluding the epic struggle between a son and his used and manipulated father, yet also, with the addition of the prequels, reveals even more to the hinted back story. suddenly, it's darth vader at the front, and viewers realize that it's the story about anakin, not just luke. but even before 1-3, there was amazing depth to it all. it felt real, as if capsule fell from the sky into lucas's lap, detailing a historical account of a galaxy far, far away.star wars is definitely something far above the norm, and i must admit, whenever i see them, particularly this one, i feel very small. i feel as though i've been thrust into a world where good and evil are so clearly defined. i get a tingling feeling when i see them, a feeling that something, somehow, has touched me more than any physical thing could ever hope.

i thought that rotj was clearly the best out of the three star wars movies. i find it surprising that rotj is considered the weakest installment in the trilogy by many who have voted. to me it seemed like rotj was the best because it had the most profound plot, the most suspense, surprises, most emotional,(especially the ending) and definitely the most episodic movie. i personally like the empire strikes back a lot also but i think it is slightly less good than than rotj since it was slower-moving, was not as episodic, and i just did not feel as much suspense or emotion as i did with the third movie.it also seems like to me that after reading these surprising reviews that the reasons people cited for rotj being an inferior film to the other two are just plain ludicrous and are insignificant reasons compared to the sheer excellence of the film as a whole. i have heard many strange reasons such as: a) because yoda died b) because bobba fett died c) because small ewoks defeated a band of stormtroopers d) because darth vader was revealedi would like to debunk each of these reasons because i believe that they miss the point completely. first off, who cares if bobba fett died??? if george lucas wanted him to die then he wanted him to die. don't get me wrong i am fan of bobba fett but he made a few cameo appearances and it was not lucas' intention to make him a central character in the films that star wars fans made him out to be. his name was not even mentioned anywhere in the movie... you had to go to the credits to find out bobba fett's name!!! judging rotj because a minor character died is a bit much i think... secondly, many fans did not like yoda dying. sure, it was a momentous period in the movie. i was not happy to see him die either but it makes the movie more realistic. all the good guys can't stay alive in a realistic movie, you know. otherwise if all the good guys lived and all the bad guys died this movie would have been tantamount to a cheesy saturday morning cartoon. another aspect to this point about people not liking yoda's death.. well, nobody complained when darth vader struck down obi wan kenobi in a new hope. (many consider a new hope to be the best of the trilogy) why was obi wan's death okay but yoda's not... hmmmmmmmmmmmm.... another reason i just can not believe was even stated was because people found cute ewoks overpowering stormtroopers to be impossible. that is utterly ridiculous!! i can not believe this one!! first off, the ewoks are in their native planet endor so they are cognizant of their home terrain since they live there. if you watch the movie carefully many of the tactics the ewoks used in defeating the stormtroopers was through excellent use of their home field advantage. (since you lived in the forest all your life i hope you would have learned to use it to your advantage) they had swinging vines, ropes, logs set up to trip those walkers, and other traps. the stormtroopers were highly disadvantaged because they were outnumbered and not aware of the advantages of the forest. the only thing they had was their blasters. to add, it was not like the ewoks were battling the stormtroopers themselves, they were heavily assisted by the band of rebels in that conquest. i thought that if the stormtroopers were to have defeated a combination of the star wars heros, the band of rebels, as well as the huge clan of ewoks with great familiarity of their home terrain, that would have been a great upset. lastly, if this scene was still unbelievable to you.. how about in empire strikes back or in a new hope where there were several scenes of a group consisting of just han solo, chewbacca, and the princess, being shot at by like ten stormtroopers and all their blasters missed while the heros were in full view!! and not only that, the heroes , of course, always hit the stormtroopers with their blasters. the troopers must have very, very bad aim then! at least in empire strikes back, the battle of endor was much more believable since you had two armies pitted each other not 3 heroes against a legion of stormtroopers. don't believe me? check out the battle at cloud city when our heroes were escaping lando's base. or when our heros were rescuing princess leia and being shot at (somehow they missed)as han solo and luke were trying to exit the death star.the last reason that i care to discuss (others are just too plain ridiculous for me to spend my time here.) is that people did not like darth vader being revealed! well, in many ways that was a major part of the plot in the movie. luke was trying to find whether or not darth vader was his father, annakin skywalker. it would have been disappointing if the movie had ended without luke getting to see his father's face because it made it complete. by annakin's revelation it symbolized the transition darth vader underwent from being possessed by the dark side (in his helmet) and to the good person he was annakin skywalker (by removing the helmet). the point is that annakin died converted to the light side again and that is what the meaning of the helmet removal scene was about. in fact, that's is what i would have done in that scene too if i were luke's father...isn't that what you would have done if you wanted to see your son with your own eyes before you died and not in a mechanized helmet?on another note, i think a subconscious or conscious expectation among most people is that the sequel must be worse (even if it is better) that preceding movies is another reason that rotj does not get as many accolades as it deserves. i never go into a film with that deception in mind, i always try to go into a film with the attitude that "well, it might be better or worse that the original .. but i can not know for sure.. let's see." that way i go with an open mind and do not dupe myself into thinking that a clearly superior film is not as good as it really was.i am not sure who criticizes these movies but, i have asked many college students and adults about which is their favorite star wars movie and they all tell me (except for one person that said that a new hope was their favorite) that it is rotj. i believe that the results on these polls are appalling and quite misleading.bottom line, the return of the jedi was the best of the trilogy. this movie was the only one of the three that kept me riveted all throughout its 135 minutes. there was not a moment of boredom because each scene was either suspenseful, exciting, surprising, or all of the above. for example, the emotional light saber battle between luke and his father in rotj was better than the one in the empire strikes back any day!!!finally, i hope people go see the phantom menace with an open mind because if fans start looking for nitpicky, insignificant details (or see it as "just another sequel") to trash the movie such as "this movie stinks because luke is not in it!" then this meritorious film will become another spectacular movie that will be the subject of derision like rotj suffered unfortunately.

return of the jedi is certainly the most action packed of the series, and is a fine conclusion to the star wars saga. with han solo imprisoned by jabba the hut and the empire building a new death star, the rebel alliance is facing an uphill struggle against the dark side, and only our favourite heroes can pull it off.the opening sequence, set on tatooine, we see jabba's palace, a pit of slavery and scum, and new home to han solo, as luke and the gang prepare for his rescue, and with luke's jedi powers, they have the edge.we also witness a tremendous triple battle at the end. han, leia and chewy battle it out on endor, desperate to deactivate the shields protecting the death star. the rebel fleet led by lando, battle with the imperial fleet while they wait for the shields to go down, and luke has a final showdown with darth vader. an epic end to a classic saga, and it's only just of the pace of the first two.10/10

despite the feelings of most "star wars" fans, in my opinion "return of the jedi" is the greatest cinematic film ever created. ever since the first time i saw it, it's depth, intensity, special effects, and moving story have overwhelmed me. the film was so well put together that it has been able to stand the test of time over the last 20 years. filled with powerful action, as the climax of the original trilogy, george lucas gives us a rousing finish of the "star wars" saga in "jedi".film summary (contains spoilers for those who have not seen it)after "the empire strikes back" left us hanging for 3 long years we finally find the end of the story in "return of the jedi". darth vader, in emotional turmoil makes a surprise visit to a new uncompleted death star to oversee it's construction. the emperor is first seen in this film as he has the ultimate plan to destroy the rebel alliance and bring young luke skywalker to the dark side. luke, lando, leia, chewie, and the droids all travel to tatooine to rescue the frozen han solo from the crime lord; jabba the hutt. after han has been rescued, and jabba defeated, luke returns to dagobah to find a dying yoda where he learns the awful truth; darth vader is in fact his father. the rebel heroes regroup with the rebel fleet. now joined by other species and races including the mon calamari the rebels must make a all-or-nothing plan of attack to destroy the death star before it is completed. while lando heads the space attack in the millennium falcon, the rebel heroes must disable the death star's shield generator on the forest moon of endor. it is here that the rebels happen upon the furry, but mighty ewoks. during the the two part intense battle, a third battle must take place as luke willingly delivers himself to vader in an attempt to convince him to leave the dark side. in emotionally charged sequences luke must face his father as the emperor lures out his dark emotions. as young skywalker is about to face his death at the hands of palpatine, vader turns on his wicked master to save his son's life. filled with a deep timeless story of good vs. evil, "return of the jedi" is a spectacular, emotionally charged film that redeems the good in all of us.

this final entry in george lucas's star wars movies is often regarded as the weakest of the lot. however, this is not to say that it is a totally worthless entry in the series. on the contrary. sure, it's not as groundbreaking as its predecessors and a bit more slow-going at times, but return of the jedi still offers a lot to warrant the price of admission.the first third of the movie, where luke and his friends rescue han from the palace of jabba the hutt, is a classic. jabba, a truly disgusting blob of bloated flesh who speaks in his own language, not only makes a great villain, but a memorable one, too. it must have been a nightmare to construct this giant puppet, much less give it the spark and life that we see on the finished product. actually, what also makes this sequence fun is the clever use of puppets for the various members of jabba's court, including the intimidating, slavering rancor and scary sarlaac pit monster. it builds masterfully to its climax and pulls punches all the while.things get a little bit slower around the second act, where luke discovers that he and leia are related by blood and when we travel to the forest planet of endor, home of the cuddlesome yet stalwart ewoks. most of the complaints about return of the jedi that i've read seem to be centered on these furry creatures, in that they somehow disrupt the tone of the saga. i don't totally agree with that, although this moment is probably played out a bit longer than it should. however, their leader, wicket (played by warrick davis) is a delightfully memorable creation, and watching how they handle the imperial troops' technology with their simple, natural weapons provides a nice contrast.by the time we get to the third act, though, the pace picks up again, as we intercut between the ewoks battle against the troops, lando and the rebel forces launching an attack against the empire's all-new half-completed death star, and luke's final showdown with darth vader and the emperor. the latter ties with the jabba palace sequence as the highlight of the movie. mark hamill flexes his acting chops once again as luke skywalker in these scenes, and watching him as a fully matured jedi knight makes for an unforgettable performance. also, as iconic as james earl jones' voice as darth vader is, he is rivaled only by the shriveled, crone-like emperor, played with deliciously raspy, frightening evil by ian mcdiarmid. the tension between this trio heightens the excitement of this climactic moment, which is appropriately darkly lit and menacingly underscored.the star wars movies have always set standards for special effects, and the technical work in return of the jedi can easily hold a candle to its predecessors. the space battle fights are as exhilarating as always, and the speeder bike chase through the forest is a knockout. of course, given that this movie was made after a new hope and the empire strikes back, it probably shouldn't be so surprising that the special effects have reached an even greater level of excellence. the acting is classic star wars fare; hamill, harrison ford and carrie fisher all mature and deepen into their roles, and anthony daniels provides more hilarious moments as c-3po. frank oz's yoda only appears in two scenes, but he makes the most of it. and yes, there's also john williams' music.all told, while return of the jedi falters a little bit in the middle, the first and third acts deliver in style, making this a rather satisfactory finale to one of the greatest sagas ever.in 1997, george lucas re-released the classic star wars in digitally restored (and revamped) "special editions", which featured added-in effects and/or shots as well as some enhancements. of the three, return of the jedi appears to have caused the most commotion with star wars fans. perhaps it can be due to the jarringly out-of-place (albeit funny if you're not so easily offended) "jedi rocks" musical number in jabba's palace, which, although technically amazing, does disrupt the flow of the film. however, i did like the ending montage scenes where we see victory celebrations occurring on the various planets of the galaxy. this dvd version features yet more tweaking--we get to see more montage finale scenes (notably on naboo, where we hear what sounds like jar jar binks screaming, "wesa free!"), and, in what is probably the most controversial change, hayden christensen as the specter of anakin skywalker in the closing scenes. probably due to the intense (and unfair) disdain fans have for his somewhat shaky work in episode ii: attack of the clones it seems inevitable that fans would put this edition down for that alone. however, if you're watching the star wars saga chronologically (and contemplating about it), chances are you may react a little differently. nonetheless, it is an issue that fans have raised, so it's probably best to be warned beforehand.as nice as it would be to have lucas release the original versions of these three classic films, he nonetheless stands by what he said about these revamps being the "definitive" editions of his classic trilogy, and, when viewing the star wars movies altogether as one complete saga (as lucas intended), it actually makes sense to keep them technically and aurally consistent. the original films will always be engraved in our memories, but these new incarnations are just as much fun, if one can give them a chance.

after "star wars: a new hope" redefined science fiction, and "the empire strikes back" redefined "star wars", it's hard to believe that the third and final film of this trilogy can manage to be as good as the other two, but this one really does a nice job. the first part of the film resolves the cliffhanger left by the previous one, with an elaborate escape plan that is in keeping with the incredible suspense and action of the first two films. then the film moves back to the rebel alliance and what's going on in the war. there is a lot of action in the scenes building up to the rebellion's final confrontation with the emperor. when the battle begins, the audience is already on the edge of their seats from everything leading up to it, and this final battle is even more intense than those from the other films. this climax is definitely more dense with action than any other part of the trilogy, with the most at stake for the rebellion. this is continually changing between a ground battle between the rebel strike crew on land (including han solo, chewbacca, and leia), the battle raging on in space (including lando), and a confrontation between luke and the emperor on the new death star, which leads up to another duel with darth vader. it is really intense since the rebels constantly seem to be losing the battle that will determine the outcome of the war, and there seems to be no escape. although i think the idea of ewoks overpowering stormtroopers is a bit far-fetched, it didn't seem very unrealistic since they were more of a distraction that the rebels could use, rather than an actual threat to the stormtroopers, although they did have some luck fighting them. there is also a twist or two at the end that nobody saw coming, which may not be quite as stunning as that of "the empire strikes back", but still complete a very spectacular trilogy very well. with the light tone of "a new hope" and the more sinnister tone of "the empire strikes back", this film really completes them by combining the two in this grand finale. the special edition for "return of the jedi" concentrated on what would have been nice to change, since not much of the original really needed it. fifteen years of technology advancements didn't seem to make up for fifteen years of deterioration as far as the rancor scene is concerned, and there still is the occasional disappearing tie fighter, but other than that it was good. the gaping non-threatening sarlaac's mouth was given moving tentacles and a huge fly-trap looking head that emerged, which definitely added to the suspense. also, the disco was taken out of jabba's palace, and the lame ending of the original was replaced by a huge victory celebration spanning the entire galaxy, instead of just a small ewok village, which was the case of the original and that didn't really end a story this big the way it deserved. it's hard to say which of the three films was the best, but since it's all part of the same story, the over-all trilogy is like one big, outstanding film. a third must-see for film fans.

the last film in lucas' saga is a lavish, spectacular-looking production. it is often considered the ugly duckling of the original trilogy, but i think it is a notch above episode iv (and just a notch below episodes iii and v). in fact, i think it is the third best film in the 6-part saga. as far as i'm concerned, it is still a grandiosely entertaining film. it is not a movie with a beginning, climax and ending; the film's mechanism operates with only one goal in its mind: bring closure to lucas' universe. there is an air of finality attached to the whole thing, which makes the film a little too sentimental, but emotionally rewarding. also, it is a lot of fun. new characters are introduced and old ones face new, unexpected challenges. c3po and r2d2 provide (as usual) great comic relief. leia and solo are a wonderful romantic duo, and luke is still a great character to identify with. again, it is luke's (and vader's) inner conflict what gives the saga its backbone. lucas' aggressive imagination is still very much apparent, and the film's themes of loyalty, hope, and redemption resonate strongly. i'm glad lucas eventually dropped the idea of making episode vii, viii and ix, because this film is a great bookend to a long, fascinating and captivating saga. not a perfect movie, but fun in the best matinée style.

up until the sixth and last episode of the star wars saga, which finally ended in 2005, i had always looked at this 1983 entry as my favorite film of the long-running series. the varied action scenes and really different characters (jabba the hut, furry woodland creatures, etc.) made this a particularly appealing movie.none of the action ever focused too long in one spot, either. the last half hour exemplifies this the most as the scene switches every few minutes from the woods to the battle among space ships to the individual laser-duel between luke skywalker and darth vader.another nice characteristic this film had that the two previous did not was the absence of in-fighting between two of the stars. gone was the incessant bickering between carrie fisher and harrison ford. finally, everyone was on the same page! it was nice to see.in the end, this was simply a wonderful adventure tale, more than anything else.

when it comes to creating a universe george lucas is the undisputed master and his final star wars film is very, very good (and more appropriately rated in comparison to the two previous films in the original saga). having recently seen revenge of the sith really puts this movie in perspective. the final battle seems even more climactic knowing what anakin skywalker went through at the manipulative hands of the emperor. it also makes the final battle between luke and vader more bitter considering the love he felt for padmé and the love she felt for her children. actually while the new films (especially episode ii) are inferior to the original films they are good for one reason only. they make the old films seem even better.mark hamill does an exceptional job in this movie. he really brings the changes luke has gone through seem real. in all fairness i believe that he should have become a big actor based on these films because he really does a great job. harrison ford is still good. however, you can feel that he has done raiders and blade runner in between the two final chapters of star wars because he seems to have grown quite a bit. he adds more comedy (obviously inspired from raiders) to the character which works brilliantly. in short han solo is better than ever. carrie fisher was never really a good actress but she does a decent job and is certainly passable. ian mcdiarmid appears in this film and having seen episode iii i can safely say that he is one of the most accomplished villains ever. james earl jones still provides the voice for vader and he is still very, very good.in terms of how the movie looks its pretty safe to say that the star wars universe looks better than in either of the previous (two) movies but this was always lucas' forté so that is really to be expected. the final battle over endor is very well made both in terms of the general effects and tension wise. it was also a nice touch that lucas decided to have three battles take place at the same time as it added to the overall tension of the climax. the only thing i feel is dragging the movie down from an otherwise deserved 9 are the ewoks. these little creatures are so annoying they almost ruin every scene they are in. besides i find it to be a little to kiddy when a group of teddy bears with bows and arrows can defeat a squadron of storm troopers with laser guns and mighty machinery.all in all return of the jedi is a very good movie but the fact that richard marquand is a less accomplished director than irvin kershner does that the overall feel of the movie is less than brilliant. also george lucas' stupid decision to add the ewoks to the universe does that the film falls short of brilliance.8/10

a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away.....there was a boy who was only two years old when the original "star wars" film was released. he doesn't remember first seeing the movie, but he also doesn't remember life before it. he does remember the first "star wars" themed gift he got...a shoebox full of action figures from the original set. he was too young to fully appreciate how special that gift would be. but years later, he would get what to this day goes down as one of the best gifts he's ever received: another box full of action figures, ten of the final twelve he needed to complete his collection. it's now legendary in this boy's family how the last action figure he needed, anakin skywalker, stopped being produced and carried in stores, and how this boy went for about ten years (until he got into college) trying to track one down and finally bought it from someone on his dorm floor for a bag of beer nuggets (don't ask...it's a northern illinois university thing).i can't review "star wars" as a movie. it represents absolutely everything good, fun and magical about my childhood. there's no separating it in my mind from christmases, birthdays, summers and winters growing up. in the winter, my friends and i would build snow forts and pretend we were on hoth (i was always han solo). my friends' dad built them a kick-ass tree house, and that served as the ewok village. they also had a huge pine tree whose bottom branches were high enough to create a sort of cave underneath it, and this made a great spot to pretend we were in yoda's home. i am unabashedly dorky when it comes to "star wars" and i think people either just understand that or they don't. i don't get the appeal of "lord of the rings" or "star trek" but i understand the rabid flocks of fans that follow them because i am a rabid fan of george lucas's films.i feel no need to defend my opinion of these movies as some of the greatest of all time. every time i put them in the dvd player, i feel like i'm eight years old again, when life was simple and the biggest problem i had was figuring out how i was going to track down a figure of anakin skywalker.grade (for the entire trilogy): a+

i'm sick of people whining about ewoks! true, they're not the best thing that ever happened to star wars, but they did happen, so deal with it! besides, they are cute, and i don't care if they're marketable. yubb nubb!this movie always leaves me in tears. it's perfect. the end could not be better. i'm excited for the phantom menace because it will suddenly throw the focus of the whole story from luke to anakin. i love how he is revealed at the end - it would be too unresolved any other way. so those of you who are complaining that vader's helmet was removed, take a moment to think about it. it's very effective. vader, the man who hid behind a mask for 20 years, is finally revealed as a sick-looking man. he is not entirely machine - he's vulnerable.i don't know how the casting director happened to pick such good actors in a new hope. they all do so well. they are believable characters. hamill does an excellent job with his dramatic character development. fisher does a fine job being a female role model (i mean, come on! she killed jabba even when so many others had failed!). harrison ford - need i say more?the music is once again brilliant. it's so very touching and significant when you can pick out character themes at different parts of the movie. the best climax is when luke shouts "nooo!" and jumps out to fight his father in the final battle. john williams is nothing short of a genius! what an amazing man!already, the movie has so much more meaning for me because of episode i. i can't wait to finally see it in the theatres (can i wait???) and then watch the original trilogy yet again.bravo!

perspective is a good thing. since the release of "star wars episode i: the phantom menace", claims and counter-claims of just how episode's ii and iii will eventuate has taken the spotlight off the 'original' star wars films, making them part of a cohesive whole, rather than segregating the older and new films into separate trilogies. what the new films have done is allow fresh perspectives to be placed on the older films. this new outlook allows us to greater appreciate what has often been viewed as the weakest of the original trilogy: "return of the jedi". often derided for its overly 'cute' factor, rotj is in a sense as strong as the original and only slightly less impressive than the nearly perfect "the empire strikes back". indeed the 'cute' element of rotj, namely the ewoks, remains a weak link in the entire series. did george lucas place the furry midgets in the film purely for the merchandising possibilities? only he can answer that question.this cute factor aside, the film is a brilliant full circle and evolution of the saga. following on from the conclusion of "the empire strikes back", luke skywalker (mark hamill) follows his rebel alliance friends to tatooine, his home planet, to rescue han solo (harrison ford), the space pirate turned rebel hero who was captured by jabba the hutt for overdue debts.skywalker is a changed man since leaving tatooine with ben 'obi wan' kenobi (alec guiness) to fight the evil empire. now swathed all in black, luke's discovery of his origins have left him confused and torn. his psychological make up is not as strong as his outward appearance would suggest. while he might aim to always assist his rebel friends, he yearns for another chance to confront the evil darth vader again, despite his unassuredness as to whether he will destroy him or eventually turn to the dark side and join vader at the emperor's side.early scenes in tatooine are impressive, from jabba's lair, to his floating palace and the 'almighty sarlac' - an intenstine that lives in the sand. lucas' cgi enhancements to the film in 1997 actually worsened the overall effect of the sarlac, making it look fake and overdone.the battle scene on tatooine is outstanding, and is one of the more memorable of the saga. luke almost singlehandedly anihiliates jabba and his cronies, proving his prowess as a jedi is now almost complete.when luke returns to the degobah system to visit the ailing yoda one more time, the viewer is let down by yoda's distinct lack of screentime. undoubtably the star of "the empire strikes back", yoda is all but erased from the story as the progression of luke's destiny is played out on screen.rotj really is luke's film, perhaps even more so than the original. his journey carries the movie as he moves closer to his confrontation with darth vader and his fate. the other rebel characters certainly work in his shadow. the romance between leia (carrie fisher) and solo is all but non-existant, unlike in "empire". in fact only leia's character is developed in rotj, solo's character seems to fade as the facets of his personality have become too familiar in the first two films.their roles are consigned to working alongside the rebels to destroy an all new death star that nears completion. this time the emperor himself is overseeing the final stages of construction. the empire intends to crush the rebellion once and for all, while the emperor himself schemes to bring the now powerful skywalker to his side to work alongside (or is that replace?) darth vader. the emperor is a different kind of evil for this film, less cunning than governor tarkin (peter cushing) from "star wars", more deeply psychologically dark than anything else. played brilliantly by ian mcdiarmid, the emperor is just one of those characters you love to hate.all the other actors are well entrenched in their roles. hamill surprises as the more wisened luke, making his character's progression from whiny teenager, impatient student to enlightened warrior one of the few real character developments of the series. ford's role is waring thin, as all his charm and charisma was spent in the first two films -- he was the real star of the first film after all. fisher's leia is more of a prop, at least unti the end of the film where she learns things about herself that she was never sure about... add in favourites like alec guiness as kenobi, yoda and the loveable chewbacca, c-3po and r2d2 and the series resembles a family more than a cast.despite the film's corny forest battle involving the ewoks and the empire, it ends well and includes a three way battle sequence: on endor, in space and on the death star, each with very impressive special effects. the music, as always, is brilliant and captures the mood perfectly in every instance. just as the 'blue danube' worked perfectly for "2001: a space odyssey", john williams' score is as much a part of "star wars" folklore as light sabers and the force.lucas left the ending open to interpretation, meaning there could have been more episodes made. indeed sci-fi fans have created their own versions of episodes vii, viii and ix in their heads over and over again. rotj works when given a chance, and furry cute animals aside is a good finish to the series.when all six episodes get to be viewed together, this saga could well be the best ever made. is it already? the addition of episode i changed the landscape of the series. this is why "return of the jedi" can now be viewed in a different light and be given a whole new appreciation nearly 20 years after its release.

i noticed that a new hope and the empire strikes back are in the top 10, but that this one isn't even in the top 100.this movie has a bad reputation because of ewoks, but there are so many reasons to love this movie:-the rescue of han solo from jabba: this official wraps up the han solo in debt sub-plot that was established when we first met the character in a new hope.-the emperor was finally revealled: well alright this might not work as well now that the prequels are out but this was the first time we saw the emperor as kids.-the speeder bike chase: alright, so this was a special effects moment. but it was definitely one of the most memorable and exciting moments in all the films!-the 3 part climax: 1) the battle of endor (led by han and leia) 2) luke confronts his father & the fall of the emperor 3) the destruction of the second death star (lando's moment)-the final celebration with our heroes: like i said, this movie gets a lot of crap because of the ewoks but i think it's kind of cool that while the entire galaxy celebrates the fall of the empire, our heroes are having their own private party in the woods with each other.all in all this was a great final chapter for our heroes and a fitting end to the star wars story.

a good film, and one i'll watch a number of times. rich (the previous commenter)is right: there is much more going on here than is clear from the title boards, and i have to wonder how much has suffered in translation. were there more in the original? or was a native-language audience expected to lip-read more? or -- since the screenplay was written by the author of the novel on which this was based -- was this a currently popular story with which the audience was already very familiar? in short, very worth a look, but it probably requires more work from contemporary viewers than the original 1913 audience had to put into it.the alpha video release touts the new organ score, but the music is not matched to the story progression in any way. sure, it starts promisingly, but degenerates into a repetitive, phillip-glass-like monotony that reflects nothing of the action on the screen. after listening for a while, i turned off the sound and simply watched: much better!

in this truly fascinating, dark film, a young impoverished student sells his soul to the devil for a lot of money, in return the devil takes his mirror image (this is done brilliantly in the movie and eerily presaged when balduin, the student is earlier practicing swordsmanship in front of the mirror), a visual metaphor for a "man at war with himself" which portents his immediate future. the student enjoys his money, but the woman he loves is unattainable (he has made a pact with the devil, he is cut off forever from love and other riches of the soul) you can have love or you can exchange your soul for money, you cannot have both. balduin is haunted by his double (the intertitles express this beautifully as does the action. some of the scenes are incredible, the sense of doom when the devil disappears with balduin's mirror image is amazing, as is the sense that his pact has forever cut him off from human society (the scene where he runs away from his double and ends up in the 'wasteland' at the edge of the town, no longer entirely human (he has lost his soul) he is like a hunted animal outside of human society. there are so many other things to say about this incredible film. paul wegener was an amazing actor and director, a cultural hero of mine. it helps if you know a bit about german history at the time this film was made and about german doppelganger tradition (don't google it, get a proper book)just remember, it's a very early film, it's a little clumsy at times, but considering what it has to say and it's tragic finale, it's one of the best ever (yes it is!)

this early version of the tale 'the student of prague' was made in germany in 1913, starring paul wegener (who was also in 'the golem' a few years later). in this film he plays a dual role (technically impressive for a 95 year old film to see them in the same shot) after meeting a mysterious old man who makes a pact with him for gold - the gold he needs to woo a countess he's previously saved from drowning.moving at a fast pace (the film runs just over an hour) and fairly well written and characterised, 'the student of prague' has echoes of the faust legend as well as dr jekyll and mr hyde, starting as it does with a pact with a mysterious figure of potential evil, and developing into good and evil sides of the same person.

those engaging the movie camera so early in the century must have figured out some of its potential very early on. this is a good story of a playboy type who needs money and inadvertently sells his soul to satan for a lot of money. unfortunately, the soul is his double and he must confront him frequently, tearing his life apart. there are some wonderful scenes with people fading out and, of course, the scenes when the two are on the stage at the same time. the middle part is a bit dull, but the faustian story is always in the minds of the viewer. one thing i have to mention is the general unattractiveness of the people in the movie. also, they pretty much shied away from much action which would have at least given some life to the thing. i first was made aware of this movie about 25 years ago and have finally been able to see it. i was not disappointed.

a stupid young man becomes obsessed with a woman--so obsessed that he loses perspective and common sense. an evil magician approaches him and informs him he can give him great wealth that he can use to win the lady's heart if he agrees to give him anything he wants that's within their room. the dumb guy agrees and the magician steals the man's reflection out of the mirror--and bad things naturally occur as a result.if this film had been made just a decade later, i am sure i wouldn't have been so charitable in reviewing and scoring this film. after all, the film's plot is a bit vague in spots and the acting is, at times, a bit stilted. however, when you consider that in 1913 "full-length" films were rare--and often only 20 to 30 minutes long! plus, the whole idea of a complex story like you get in this film is very unusual--as stories were very short and broadly acted. so, given the limitations of the time, this film is pretty good and is one of the earlier horror films known.

'the student of prague' is an early feature-length horror drama or, rather, it is an "autorenfilm" (i.e. an author's film). this film is a member of a movement of many movements that tried to lend respectability to cinéma, or just make a profit, by adapting literature or theatre onto the screen. fortunately, the story of this book with moving pictures is good. using alfred de musset's poem and a story by edgar allen poe, it centres on the doppelgänger theme.unfortunately, the most cinematic this film gets is the double exposure effects to make paul wegener appear twice within scenes. guido seeber was a special effects wizard for his day, but he's not very good at positioning the camera or moving it. film scholar leon hunt (printed in "early cinema: space, frame, narrative"), however, has made an interesting analysis on this film using framing to amplify the doubles theme: characters being split by left/right, near/far and frontal/diagonal framing of characters and shots. regardless, the film mostly consists of extended long shots from a fixed position, which is noticeably primitive. worse is the lack of editing; there's very little scene dissection and scenes linger. none of this is unusual for 1913, but there were more advanced films in this respect around the same time, including the better parts of 'atlantis' (august blom, 1913), 'twilight of a woman's soul' (yevgeni bauer, 1913) and the short films of d.w. griffith.an expanded universal film vocabulary by 1926 would allow for a vastly superior remake. furthermore, the remake has a reason for the lyduschka character, other than being an occasional troublemaker and spectator surrogate. here, the obtrusively acted gypsy lurks around, seemingly, with a cloak of invisibility. i know their world is silent to me, but i assume, with their lips moving and such, that their world would not be silent to them, so how can lyduschka leer over others' shoulders and not be noticed?nevertheless, this is one of the most interesting early films conceptually. wegener, who seems to have been the primary mind behind this film, in addition to playing the lead, would later play the title role and co-direct 'the golem' in 1920--helping to further inaugurate the supernatural thread in german silent cinéma.(note: the first version i viewed was about an hour long (surely not quite complete) and was in poor condition, with faces bleached at times and such. i'm not sure who was the distributor. i've also since seen the alpha dvd, which, at 41 minutes, is missing footage present in the aforementioned print and also has fewer and very different title cards, but is visually not as bad. the repetitive score is best muted, though.)

if "the cabinet of dr. caligari" is the father of all horror films (and of german expressionist cinema), this pre-wwi film is the grandfather. the titular student, starving in an empty garret, makes a deal with the devil-- the devil gives him a bottomless sack of gold, in exchange for "anything in this room." the devil chooses the student's reflection in his mirror. he walks off with the student's doppelganger, who commits crimes for which the student is blamed.the film is marred by some limitations arising out of the technically primitive state of 1913 filmmaking; the plot cries out for chiaroschuro effects, but the film is, of necessity, virtually all shot in shadowless daylight. but the scene where the reflection walks out of the mirror still packs a wallop.more interesting for the trends it fortells than for its own sake, the student of prague is still worthwhile.

one of the most important artistic movements in the history of cinema was without a doubt german expressionism, the highly atmospheric style of film-making developed during the 20s in berlin. classic movies like "das cabinet des dr. caligari." (1920) and "nosferatu, eine symphonie des grauens" (1922) were the most famous direct results of this movement, and while the movement didn't have a long life, its enormous influence over cinema can still be felt today, specially in the horror genre. one of the key figures of this style would be director paul wegener, director of 1920's "der golem, wie er in die welt kam", as in his debut as a filmmaker, seven years before the making of that classic, he was already making experiments with expressionism in film. that early prototype of german expressionism was incidentally, another horror film: "der student von prag"."der student von prag" ("the student of prague"), is the story of balduin (paul wegener), a student with the reputation of being the best fencer in prague, but who always find himself with financial troubles. one day, balduin rescues the beautiful countess margit (grete berger) from drowning in a lake after her horse drop her by accident. balduin falls immediately in love with her and tries to see her again, but soon he discovers that he'll have to compete with her rich cousin, graf von schwarzenberg (lothar körner), who also wants to marry her. knowing that he can't offer her much, balduin wishes to be wealthy, and this is where a sorcerer named scapinelli (john gottowt) enters the scene. scapinelli offers balduin infinite wealth in exchange of whatever he finds in his room. balduin accepts the proposal, only to discover in horror that what scapinelli wants is his reflection in the mirror.loosely inspired by edgar allan poe's short story "william wilson" and the classic legend of "faust", the story of "der student von prag" was conceived by german writer hanns heinz ewers, a master of horror literature and one of the first writers to consider scriptwriting as valid as any other form of literature. written at a time where cinema in germany was still being developed as an art form, "der student von prag" shows a real willingness to actually use cinema to tell a fully developed story beyond a camera trick or a series of scenes. like most of the scriptwriters of his time, ewers screenplay is still very influenced by theater, although "der student von prag" begins to move away from that style. while a bit poor on its character development (specially on the supporting characters), ewers manages to create an interesting and complex protagonist in the person of balduin.while "der student von prag" was paul wegener's directorial debut and stellan rye's second film as a filmmaker, it's very clear that these two pioneers had a very good idea of what cinema could do when done properly. giving great use to guido seeber's cinematography, the two young filmmakers create a powerful gothic atmosphere that forecasts what the german filmmakers of the following decade would do. wegener would learn many of the techniques he would employ in his "golem" series from seeber and rye. despite having very limited resources, rye and wegener manage to create an amazing and very convincing (for its time) visual effect for the scenes with balduin's reflection (played by wegener too). already an experienced stage actor at the time of making this film, wegener directs the cast with great talent and also attempts to move away from the stagy style of previous filmmakers.as balduin, paul wegener is very effective and probably the best in the movie. it certainly helps that his character is the only one fully developed by the writer, but one can't deny that wegener was very good in his role as the poor student who loses more than his mirror reflection in that contract. john gottowt plays the sinister scapinelli with mysterious aura that suits the character like a glove. few is said about scapinelli in the film, but gottowt makes sure to let us know that he is a force to be feared. the rest of the main cast is less lucky, with grete berger being pretty much average as countess margit, and lothar körner making a poor graf von schwarzenberg. however, it must be said that lyda salmonova was pretty good in her expressive character and fritz weidemann made an excellent baron waldis-schwarzenberg, showing the dignity that lörner's character should have had.considering the movies that were being done in those years in other countries and the fact that its remake (made 13 years after this film) is superior in every possible way, it's not difficult to understand why "der student von prag" hasn't stood the test of time as well as other early films. the movie's main problem is definitely its extremely low budget, as it resulted in the film being considerably shorter than what ewers' story needed to be fully developed. this makes the plot feel a bit too vague at times, or even incomplete, as if there was something missing in the narrative (of course, there's also the possibility that the existing print is really incomplete). however, "der student von prag" is a very interesting early attempt at a complex tale of horror and suspense in film that, while inferior to what other filmmakers were doing at the time, left a powerful impression in history.as the direct predecessor of the german expressionist movement, it's hard to deny the enormous importance that "der student von prag" has in the history of german cinema, probably in the history of cinema in general. it may look dated even for its time, but considering the limited resources its director had, it's truly better than most films from that era. as the movie that started paul wegener's career, and with that german expressionism, "der student von prag" is a must see for everyone interested in this slice of film history. 7/10

my observations: vamp outfit at end is ravishing and wonderful, exotic and fantastic. jeanette wore it well, and got even with naive nelson. boat crashing into his balcony served him right. costume outfits of his female mafia were designed surprisingly well, especially by today's standards. 1942 costume designer did great job. main song theme just lovely.caution to negative posters: 1942 was time of ww ii; pearl harbor happened year before. u.s. just coming out of great depression; needed to get out and spend that hard earned money on diversion of singing, dance and yes, fantastic fantasy. despotic dictators were trying to rule out there in rl, snuffing out freedoms. thank goodness the public had these fantastic plot line movies to attend. movie going was a privileged treat, in those depressing times. when you, negative posters, become actors or even movie stars, then you have room to talk and criticize. jeanette's and nelson's movies stand the test of time.angel wings wonderful, on the real angel. rl wings at costume party not so hot, but great on jeanette considering the sl.beautiful singing by jeanette and nelson, as always. jeanette dancing was a pure delight.15/10

one used to say, concerning nathaniel hawthorne, that his failures were more interesting than his successes. i believe that the same remark could suit to mcdonald-eddy's pictures. and especially this one. it apparently possesses many characteristics of a failed movie: it's kitsch, the script, because of censorship, sounds inconsistent yet, this movie gets also some good points: good rodgers-hart's music ("i married an angel", "tira tira tira la"), good acting with e.e.horton and reginald owen. anyway, if you may dislike it, you can't forget it. this strange movie actually leaves a very strong, dreamlike, impression, and you are very likely to keep it in mind for days, maybe for weeks. why? in the thirties and the beginning of the forties, movies didn't have the same mean than today: it aimed, like a dream, to divert the public in order to make it forget a difficult reality. of all the the dream-movies that was made, in that time, this one stands as particularly powerful.in short, let's say that the better way to appreciate this movie, is to watch it without wondering whether it's good or bad. to watch it, like you would watch a dream.

the movie is a fantasy. the story line is thin but serves as the structure upon which some wonderful songs are sung and sung beautifully. (i still cannot believe that such handsome and attractive people could sing this well.) some of the dialog is wonderfully clever. the costumes made me feel as though i was watching a haute couture fashion show from 1942.movies are designed to serve various purposes. this one is designed to entertain and it certainly does. if i have one negative comment it would be that nelson eddy was a little too old to be the handsome dashing count. some of the closeups made me uncomfortable. but he could still sing and sing magnificently. however, jeanette macdonald was just as dazzling as ever. she makes a spectacular angel.this genre is well before my time, and i an new to the jeanette macdonald/nelson eddy films and related conversation. the music in this movie is beautiful. as much as i love the classic rock music which fills most modern movies, there is no question in my mind that this music is simply and clearly more memorable, more delightful, better constructed. the stars in this movie are more talented than the stars i see in the movie theaters today. and jeanette macdonald, without the benefit of beverly hills plastic surgeons, was more beautiful than the stars i see today. i am unclear as to why so many other posters are apologetic about liking this movie and more generally this group of movies. they say it is dated and try to explain why it is the way it is. and those that do not like it say that it is not very good but compared to what? i think this movie will doubtless still be entertaining people when so many other movie are long forgotten. there is just too much quality in every way in this movie for it not to be remembered and enjoyed. i recommend this movie without reservation to anyone who appreciates great talent, great beauty and great music.

i know a lot of people don't like this movie, but i just think it is adorable. there's not much i can say, but the movie is a feel-good movie i guess. the songs are beautiful, the costumes are beautiful, the voices are beautiful, and there are a lot of funny lines in the movie, especially as briggitta learns about the do's and don't's of society. if you like musicals, i'd say you'd like this one!

jeanette macdonald and nelson eddy star in this "modern" musical that showcases macdonald's comic abilities. surreal 40s musical seem to be making fun of 40s fashions even as they were in current vogue. eye-popping costumes and sets (yes b&w) add to the surreal, dreamlike quality of the entire film. several good songs enliven the film, with the "twinkle in your eye" number a total highlight, including a fun jitterbug number between macdonald and binnie barnes. also in the huge cast are edward everett horton, reginal owen, mona maris, douglas dumbrille and anne jeffreys. also to been seen in extended bit parts are esther dale, almira sessions, grace hayle, gertrude hoffman, rafaela ottiano, odette myrtile, cecil cunningham and many others.great fun and nice to see the wonderful macdonald in her jitterbug/vamp routines. she could do it all.

it appears that there's no middle ground on this movie! most of it takes place in a dream and, like most dreams, it's often foolish and illogical. it's also a gorgeous production with some great songs and fine performances, especially by our angel.jeanette's deadpan, unknowing insults and various other faux pas at the dream reception are hilarious, and her jitterbug with binnie barnes is a surprise and a delight. at one point, she gets to sing a snippet from carmen, followed by the final trio of faust (holding a lapdog, for some strange reason), then "aloha oe" on the beach! it's a surreal comedy--tremendously entertaining if you can get into the groove.

have never understood why the macdonald-eddy swan song has always been panned so mercilessly--not just by their detractors but by virtually everyone. to me, "i married an angel" is more lively and imaginative than any of the duo's more celebrated outings. the sets and costumes are as lavish as any to be found in an mgm musical, the script is by the reliable anita loos ("san francisco," "the women," "gentlemen prefer blondes," etc.), the rodgers and hart tunes (albeit altered a bit by macdonald-eddy regulars bob wright and chet forrest) are given celestial treatment by herbert stothart (oscar-winner for scoring "the wizard of oz"), and best of all, the "singing sweethearts" look great in their contemporary clothes and seem to be having fun with the bizarre proceedings. try to show "rose marie" or "sweethearts" to the uninitiated today and they may very well have a hard time sitting still, but this offbeat, fast-paced fantasy is bound to entertain.

if you are a fan, then you will probably enjoy this. if you don't know who misty mundae, darian caine, ruby larocca, or seduction cinema are, this is not the movie to start out with. it's very cute, silly, the girls are hot, and it's fun to watch. there's no sex whatsoever until the very end of the 45 minute film, but the score is cheesy-trippy and the plot's not a total bore. misty mundae's makeup is bad in this movie and her hair is in awkward braids, so she's not as hot in this as she has been in others. but her panties in this are quite cute (you'll just have to see the movie for that to not sound really weird). if you do like this one, you will probably enjoy "that 70's girl", "vampire vixens", or "erotic survivor" (which is a bit more sexually graphic). if you prefer watching misty or esmerelda in less sexual, more horror/exploitation-based (but lower budget) movies, check out the factory 2000 website.

a number of contributors have mentioned the age difference between stewart and novak. she was 25 and he was 50 when this movie was released. i think that the difference didn't matter for a suspense drama like vertigo, but it does matter for a romantic comedy. we can easily understand, that is, why his character would be attracted to hers, but it's less clear why hers would be attracted to his.still, the movie works as a light romantic fantasy. the scene where she stares at him across the cat's head, with her dark painted-on eyebrows flaring and the sounds of her humming and the cat purring, is true magic. it's a little jarring, therefore, when the scene shifts to the top of the flatiron building, and we see the age difference very sharply. as he embraces her, she reaches up to run her fingers through his hair, but stops that motion and just brushes her fingertips lightly against his toupee.

the 1960's tv series bewitched owes it's idea from this movie. this is the movie that jimmy stewart & kim novak made right after they were cast together in vertigo by alfred hitchcock. this one is not as obsessive as that one but novak is just as captivating.this was jack lemmons 10th movie and he is good in support here as well as ernie kovacs. the movie has a lot of good things about it. hermine gingold is very good in this movie, almost as good in support here as she was in the music man. the cast is very solid.this movie has a late 1950's new york city feel & a cat that is as hexing as any feline in any movie. it is well worth watching as it is a love story with all the emotion of any, & a little magic too boot.it is not vertigo but i think because it followed that movie, viewers then did not rate it as good as it deserved - sure am glad that william asher saw it, so that the 1960's series got created. i am not so glad about what will ferrell did to it on the big screen, this movie is much better than that.

bell book and candle was released in december 1958 and features james stewart, kim novak, jack lemmon. and ernie kovaks. this film had james stewart and kim novak in their second on-screen pairing (after the alfred hitchcock classic vertigo, released earlier the same year). this was stewart's last film as a romantic lead as he was deemed too old at age 50 to play that sort of part anymore. the movie is about a witch played by kim novak who is attracted to a mortal played by james stewart. she puts a spell on him and he falls head over heels in love with her. i enjoyed the movie and its cast. this movie at the time was a moderate success which was nominated for a golden globe for best movie comedy. gimmeclassics

this is an honest attempt to make a bewitchingly sweet love story. the obvious inspiration behind the successful tv series "bewitched," this lovely sweet rom-com is a timeless treasure. the comparisons are obvious. jimmy stewart plays a hapless but stolid "straight." kim novac plays a voluptuous blond witch who captures him through the use of a love spell. but when that spell is broken by a stronger witch, she contents herself with the duties of running her own shop and takes comfort in the fact that her beloved pyewacket (her feline familiar) is being cared for by her beloved aunt. you'll recognize the aunt from "murder by death." this movie is fun and touchingly sweet, bearing some spectacular wit and a nice witchy feel. worth a look.

this impossible tale is of a female witch pursuing a mortal man, in a mortal world. her "community" is open among it's members, but she conceals her witchcraft from the mortals. hmmmm...this is starting to sound familiar. lol. it's not your typical movie. very "campy" performances by jack lemmon and ernie kovacs keep things from getting dull. kim novak is always a pleasure on screen, but i found her pairing with james stewart unusual (but not fatal to the story).with re-newed interest in all things witchy and dark, this film deserves to be discovered and re-discovered by old and new audiences...... it's still a hoot !

kim novak's a witch on the prowl for a mortal lover, and james stewart's her choice. scintillating comedy of manners, from the broadway stage; shot by james wong howe in witch color, and performed by a sterling cast. ernie kovacs is wonderful as the perpetually dishevelled writer redlitch. i love this movie, though few others seem to. kim alone makes it a winner in my book. ha! my #5 film of 1958.

this is the kind of film that, if it were made today, it would probably star sandra bullock and hugh grant; actually, now that i think about it, this one is quite liable to be remade one day. it's pleasant, but with no depth whatsoever. it suffers from the almost fatal miscasting of james stewart in a role he is about 20 years too old for, and as a result there is no chemistry between him and the beautiful kim novak. ernie kovacs, in the small supporting role of an aspiring writer, is the only actor in the film whose performance approaches what you might call "wit". (**1/2)

vertigo co-stars stewart (in his last turn as a romantic lead) and novak elevate this, stewart's other "christmas movie," movie to above mid-level entertainment. the chemistry between the two stars makes for a fairly moving experience and further revelation can be gleaned from the movie if witchcraft is seen as a metaphor for the private pain that hampers many people's relationships. all in all, a nice diversion with legendary stars, 7/10.

for those of you unfamiliar with jimmy stewart, this is one of his "lesser" films from later in his career. and, while it isn't a great film compared to many of his other pictures, it isn't bad and is a decent time-passer--but not much more.kim novak is a witch in new york city and for some inexplicable reason, she decides to cast a spell on poor jimmy to make him fall in love with her. over time, the cold and detached ms. novak also begins to fall in love with stewart--and apparently in the witch's rule book, this is a definite no, no!! the film is odd in its sensibilities about the witches. they are neither the baby-sacrificing nor the all-powerful variety. most of their magic is pretty limited and pointless (such as jack lemmon using his powers to turn off street lamps). and, very oddly, the witches all seem to be bohemians who hang out in hip bars where you might find people wearing berets and listening to crappy jazz. considering what i think of jazz, it must really stink to be a witch in this movie's world!anyway, the film is pretty romantic and mildly comedic, but not something i would rush out to watch. the acting is pretty good, but the script doesn't offer enough payoff to make this an exceptional film--in fact, i almost scored the film a 6--it was really close.

it's a gentle, easy-going 1950s comedy. kim novak belongs to a coven of witches in manhattan. she puts a spell on neighbor jimmy stewart out of boredom but eventually falls in love with him, losing her powers. see, witches are permitted to have "hot blood" but not love. elsa lanchester is novak's aunt, also a witch. jack lemmon is her brother, ditto. hermione gingold is the chief witch, and ernie kovacks is sidney redlich, an author who specializes in writing about witches.i described it as a 1950s comedy because it could hardly be mistaken for anything else. everything is so smooth and polished, from the set decoration, through wardrobe and plot, to the performances and direction. take the character of ernie kovacks. he's referred to as "a drunk and a nut." and here's how the movie demonstrates these traits. he asks for a second drink, and, though he always wears a jacket and tie like the other gentlemen, his hair is a bit long and tousled. that's a strictly 1950s version of a drunk and a nut. nothing is out of place; everything is tidy and free of dust. the soles of jimmy stewart's shoes are barely scuffed.and the zodiac club, where the witches hang out. it's called "a low dive." yet it's a clean, dark place with polite waiters, a quintet of musicians, neatly dressed clientèle, and potted plants against bare brick walls. that is not my idea or yours of a "low dive" -- not even for greenwich village in 1958. my idea of a dive in greenwich village is julius's or the white horse tavern or the san remo or the swing rendezvous, a now defunct lesbian hangout. the zodiac club is a high dive compared to these.the kookiness we always hear about is muted by today's standards. i mean, kim novak is odd because she runs around her apartment in her bare feet. and she wears a lot of black clothes like the beatniks of the period did.but never mind all that. it's an enjoyable romantic comedy. kim novak is effective as gillian, who runs a primitive art shop for the uptrodden. she has a strange beauty, bulky and ethereal at the same time. she glides rather than walks, a wispy presence. her eyebrows seem drawn with a set of plastic french curves. and jimmy stewart is quite good as the bewildered and bewitched victim. in the 1930s he usually played in light roles. in the postwar years and for much of the 1950s he was the tortured protagonist, but here he puts his early experience in comedy to good use. who could resist laughing when hermione gingold forces him to wear a shawl and drink a hideous concoction of putrid fluid in order to cure him of novak's spell? it's good to see him as a stooge instead of the angry and indignant man of principle he was in danger of becoming. richard quine directs the movie quietly, without fireworks or special effects, and does some interesting things that the play couldn't have had. note the scene in which novak casts the spell over stewart, when the siamese cat's face and ears seem to merge with novak's startling eyes.ernie kovacks in the 1950s was a well-known television personality. there was never anything quite like the ernie kovacks show before -- or after. it brings the word "surrealism" to mind. he could stage five minutes worth of wordless and indescribable tricks in an unpopulated room with only bartok's concerto for orchestra as background. and he did an unimpeachable sketch using the character of percy dovetail, an effete poet. the credits kind of skip over the condoli brothers but that's rather casual because these two guys -- pete and conte -- were virtuoso trumpeters with independent careers in jazz ensembles. conte was later a member of doc severison's band on johnny carson's late show.the third act kind of bogs down a little and becomes more "romantic" than "comedy". but it's never dull. the whole film rolls along as neatly as van druten's play and the kids will probably get a kick out of it too.

gillian holroyd (kim novak) is a witch. secretly, she's attracted to her quite normal neighbor shep henderson (james stewart). she casts a spell on shep that forces him to dump his fiancé and fall for her. things are going along quite nicely until gillian discovers she really cares for this mortal man. she decides to tell him her secret. but how will shep react when he finds out that he was "tricked" into falling in love with gillian? as far as light-hearted 1950s comedies go, bell book and candle is good, but nothing spectacular. it's an enjoyable enough watch and should appeal to almost anyone who sits down with it. just don't go into the movie expecting the greatest thing since sliced bread. the movie's cute, funny at times, and touching in the end. kim novak and james stewart do their best and have some real chemistry. novak (as others have pointed out) looks quite incredible in an understated sort of way. the supporting cast with jack lemmon, hermione gingold, and elsa lanchester is often laugh-out-loud funny and steals a lot of the spotlight from novak and stewart. the biggest problem i see is that bell book and candle can't quite decide what kind of movie it wants to be. is it a screwball comedy? is it a romantic comedy? is it a supernatural comedy? had director richard quine stuck with just one approach, the movie might have been even better and more memorable.

i can watch b,b&c and feel all the emotions i felt when i first saw it at aged 18 well,maybe all but one.certainly miss k.novak has lost none of her silky allure in nearly half a century.she was a thinking youth's diana dors.all those thinking youths now collecting their pensions can briefly regain the heart - clutching,collar - tightening,blood - pulsing ardour they felt when she gazed directly into their eyes back in the days when they were being told that they had never had it so good. now,huddled up against the cold and fearful of being mugged by a hoodie,they scuttle home as fast as their arthritic knees can carry them from the video shop,relatively happy in the certain knowledge that within the triple - locked comparative safety of their fourth - floor tower block flat they can regain just a small fragment of their lost youth and perhaps reflect that love truly is eternal. this movie is miss novak's golden moment.she seized it avidly and gave a performance of awesome voluptuousness combined with a hypnotic awareness of her own sex - appeal and,despite all this,she convinces us that her character possesses a strange and beguiling innocence. she completely dominates the amiable mr j.stewart who seems resigned to handing her the movie.misses e.lanchester and h.gingold offer comic relief along with mr e. kovacs whose peculiar talents are strictly proscribed.mr j.lemmon plays miss novak's brother.he is a beatnik,a species that disappeared as soon as it realised that its existence was being acknowledged by the mainstream.some of the more hardcore beats reinvented themselves as hippies a few years later.certainly they had become figures of fun by 1958 and mr lemmon does not appear overly concerned with restraint in portraying one. but all else is mere frippery,miss novak - bathed in a particularly beautiful spectrum of technicolor - is the sole raison - d'etre for "bell,book and candle".it survives,its reputation enhanced,as the ultimate showcase for one of hollywood's most beautiful women. loved by moviegoers,ignored by critics,miss novak will continue to captivate with that enigmatic smile all the time thinking old men have the strength to push the "play" buttons on their dvds.one day,probably after we are all gone,she will be discovered by a new generation who will - belatedly - realise that it is quite possible for a woman to be fully - dressed and sexually attractive at the same time.

john van druten's "bell, book and candle" is a delightful and unexpected fantasy about a coven of modern-day witches living in new york city; it was obviously an attractive movie property. it had a stellar part for gillian holroyd, for her erstwhile book publisher enforced-sweetheart, shepherd henderson and her madcap family and circle, including shep's bewildered fiancée, the hateful merle kittredge, against whose chances with shep gillian begins her magical spell-casting. it even had pyewacket, a siamese cat-familiar with well-timed miaows, sidney redlitch, a fake witch expert with atrocious pretensions and bad manners. in short, it seemed to its producer, perhaps, box-office magic. and so it proved to be. so many things were right about its production, it only had one element not perfect; but i found the rest to be amusing, charming and very consistently-entertaining. to begin with, the screenplay by daniel taradash kept the best qualities of the fine theatrical play but opened out its scenes to include greenwich village and other areas of new york's scene. the technical production was beautiful, with cinematography by the legendary james wong howe, a fine score by george duning, more-than-clever sets by louis diage and gowns by jean louis. in the attractive cast were wolfe barzell, howard mcnear, janice rule as merle, ernie kovacs as redlitch, jack lemmon as gillia's mischievous brother, wonderful comediennes elsa lanchester and hermione gingold as fellow witches and lovely kim novak in one of her most touching parts as gillian. jimmy stewart was the imperfect element in my judgment; he did well with the comedic portions of his part, but he was never convincing as a new york book publisher, and a bit too-old for the part of henderson anyhow. but director richard quine used subtle lighting, pace changes, and unusually-composed shots to indicate the oddness of the witch portions of the film, keeping the other portions very luminous but straightforward in their presentation. the plot's main crisis in the film comes to pass when in reality gillian falls for henderson, who does not believe in witches at all. she started out merely to alienate him from his fiancée, her stuck-up college rival. later, when henderson tries to walk out, he keeps coming back to her--and realizes he is under a spell, as she has apologetically tried to explain to him. ..meanwhile, sidney redlich has been summoned by witching spell to come to new york to sell his book to henderson. of course he knows nothing at all of magic, but is quite puzzled and interested to find out why he had come anywhere at all; but gillian's brother enlightens him. all comes out right in the end in this romantic satire as gillian proves her love to henderson by losing her powers--which is what happens to witches when they truly love a mortal. of course, he never really wanted to resist her anyhow. the film has sprightly dialogue, charm, and a little "magic" of its own in the fey charm of the witches and the torments gillian must undergo in her battle with herself, and to win the man she loves. a lovely ending to this beautifully-photographed and unusual romance makes its amazing realism, though a fantasy, just about complete in my view. memorably delightful.

"bell book and candle" was shown recently on cable. not having seen it for a while, we decided to take another look at this comedy. based on the james van druten's broadway hit, which was a vehicle for rex harrison and lilli palmer in the early fifties, the film was adapted for the screen by daniel taradash. the film was directed by richard quine, who turned the play into a delightful comedy.evidently, judging by some of the comments submitted by imdb, the big issue seems to be the pairing of the two stars, who had collaborated on "vertigo", released the same year. movie audiences didn't think anything about the age difference when this film was released. in fact, most of the aging male stars of that period were always involved with much younger women.the film set in manhattan during christmas is a delightful comedy that has enchanted viewers. kim novak was at the height of her beauty as it's clear the camera adored her no matter what was she playing. as the witch that becomes human, her gillian is charming. james stewart, who plays the publisher shep' henderson, is also seen at his best. mr. stewart was an excellent comedy actor who shows in here why he was at the top.in supporting roles the wonderful elsa lanchester, playing queenie, is a welcome addition to any movie, as she proves here. jack lemmon's nicky holroyd, the brother of gillian, is also good. ernie kovacs is also seen as the writer sidney radlitch.this is an excellent way to spend a winter night at home watching "bell book and candle".

i watched this movie after watching practical magic, and the older film was far superior. i liked the way the lighting, makeup, and costumes changed as gillian changed in the story. jimmy stewart's mannerisms didn't do a lot for me in this film, but i suppose they did serve to highlight the reserve of gillian's character. i was also struck by nicky's and gillian's mannerisms--it was as if the director wanted him to appear effeminate and gillian to appear masculine. the gestures nicky makes when he's showing redlich his powers especially struck me. i've never thought of warlocks as being effeminate, so it was an interesting way of contrasting those characters.

have not seen this 1958 film in a very long time and greatly enjoyed kim novak playing the role as gil holroyd who is an actual witch and has an aunt named queenie holroyd who is also a witch and gillian also has a brother warlock named nick played by jack lemmon. when gillian sets her eyes on shep henderson,(james stewart) who is engaged to a girl he is going to marry; gillian performers some magic spells with a cat and changes his mind about his intended bride and then becomes very lust full and falls in love with gillian. the story tells that a real witch cannot fall in love, blush or cry and this begins to prove a big problem between shep and gillian, so nick and aunt queenie decided they have to do something about this situation. great film to view over and over again and a great classic film from 1958.

after you see vertigo, then watch bell, book and candle, made within months of each other.my second favorite kim novak film, with picnic, coming in as third.all three performances are great, vertigo, being the best, of all.they came to my nowhere kansas prairie town, near by, at salina, kansas in the 50s, to film, picnic. bell, book and candle's musical score, i believe is one of alex north's. perfect for this bit of comedy.after vertigo, stewart and novak, did this comedy, how amusing to note the dramatic contrast.worth your time, if you like kim novak. the greta garbo of my youth.

although i agree that it's a good but not great movie, for many of the reasons other posters have mentioned, i still enjoy it. one reason is the music: i'd call attention to the very cool appearance by the candoli brothers -- conte and pete -- in a well-staged scene in the nightclub. these guys were two of the best jazz trumpeters of their day, and they manage to convincingly boggle the mind of jimmy stewart by playing an hysterical trumpet duet, one trumpet in each of stewart's ears. the candolis really did play that well, too, though i suspect the actual music for that scene was dubbed later by the two of them. i don't know much about george duning, who gets the credit for the music (other than that he seems to have worked with the three stooges on more than one occasion), but the casting of the candoli brothers as jazz-playing warlocks was a real nice touch.

this may not be war & peace, but the two academy noms wouldn't have been forthcoming if it weren't for the genius of james wong howe...this is one of the few films i've fallen in love with as a child and gone back to without dissatisfaction. whether you have any interest in what it offers fictively or not, bb&c is a visual feast.i'm not saying it's his best work, i'm no expert there for sure. but the look of this movie is amazing. i love everything about it; elsa lanchester, the cat, the crazy hoo-doo, the retro-downtown-ness; but the way it was put on film is breathtaking.i even like the inconsistencies pointed out on this page above, and the "special effects" that seem backward now. it all creates a really consistent world.

bell, book and candle was one of the great pop culture phenomena of the mid-twentieth century, very similar to the phenoms we see today (back in the 70's - more than ten years later - there were still endless references to this film). it made novak a huge star, put a nice item on jack lemon's resume, cast new light on jimmy stewart, and gave lancaster and gingold new avenues to explore in their careers (both went on to continue to play witches and other curious "old bats", in film and television).along with the 40s movie i married a witch (which helped to make veronica lake an icon), bell, book and candle inspired the grand film and tv fascination with all things witchy that began with bewitched and has continued through practical magic, worst witch and harry potter.what i rarely see noted is that the movie is also a rather interesting alternative xmas movie. the story takes place over the christmas holidays, and, despite the fact that it is superficially about witchcraft, actually embodies a great deal of xmas spirit (giving, love, family, self-sacrifice, etc).i will always watch this movie (have seen it several times since my first viewing in the early 90's) particularly if it is shown around or just after the holiday season. it has style, substance, a great cast, and terrific production values. and like adam's rib, it casually expresses ideas that were rather radical for its time, are radical even now (in both movies the female character is guileless and powerful), and so always seems ahead of the times.

as a pagan, i must say this movie has little if any magickal significance. it's a "fun" witchcraft movie and not meant to teach us anything except that love is the strongest magick of all, and never to use it in a controlling or vengeful way. that's a lesson everyone needs to learn, not just pagans.that having been said, this movie is wonderfully written and sweetly executed by kim novak and the venerable jimmy stewart.hermione gingold delivers a stellar performance as bianca, elsa lanchester (with too many movie credits to mention except as ms. jane marbles of "murder by death") was wonderful as ms. novak's absent-minded-yet-capable upstairs neighbor queenie. also starring jack lemmon (wonderful performance) and jim kovacs (brilliantly witty)."witches can't cry. why, they can't shed a single tear because their heart is full of magick. they don't have time for silly things such as love." queenie.gillian holroyd (novak) and her brother nicky (jack lemmon) are manhattan witches. cloaked deeply within the secret underworld of those of the craft, they live among other new yorkers as one of them, without so much as causing a raised eyebrow. but then, along comes shepherd "shep" henderson (stewart), a steadfast, no-nonsense, dedicated businessman who is engaged to be married to gillian's old college rival. by a quirky mishap of chance, he finds himself moving into gillian's building and is instantly "bewitched" by her charm and grace. by the use of magick, with a little help from pyewacket (gillian's familiar, trained by robert e. blair) and queenie, gillian begins to work on this handsome new dream man to get back at her old enemy.but magick should never be used to control, nor to hurt, and gillian learns that the hard way in the most bittersweet way. not only does she have to face what she's done, but she has to face shep in her guilt. from the critical perspective; however, the movie takes a serious turn: the effects are very dated to the point of being pure camp. some of the scenery was seemingly shot in the basement of someone's small home, but at least the characters were quirky and fun.on a personal note, pyewacket steals the show. great cat! great training by robert e. blair. as a note of trivia, this is the roots for the beloved bewitched television sitcom. this introduces the original samantha and darrin. all the characters of note are present and accounted for. you have but to look, to see it for yourself.this is one of my favorites, and i watch it often.this movie gets a 9.1/10 from...the fiend :.

the john van druten broadway hit is brought to the screen with a maximum of star power in this romantic fantasy about a modern-day witch who beguiles a successful manhattan publisher. james stewart may get top billing, but it is kim novak who steals the show as one of the most alluring witches ever to cast a spell on the movie screen. the lead pairing is, in fact, one of the movie's few weaknesses: the gray-haired stewart seems a bit old for the role, and while it is easy to see why he falls hard for novak, it's a little harder to understand what she finds attractive about him, as they seem mismatched in temperment and outlook. (it is one of the story's amusing conceits that witches and warlocks are portrayed as greenwich village beatniks and bohemians.) curiously, the stewart-novak pairing would generate a lot more heat in "vertigo", released the same year as this film, but then "vertigo" had a compelling suspense story, and the benefit of alfred hitchcock's direction.the film's comic moments are mostly provided by the stellar supporting cast, including a young jack lemmon (as kim's warlock brother), elsa lanchester (their ditzy aunt), and ernie kovacs (!) as a befuddled writer. hermione gingold even shows up in a hilarious cameo as a sort of grand witch. there's lots to like in this movie--wit, romance, and a great cast--that is, if you can possibly take your eyes off the enchanting miss novak. i have seen the movie a half a dozen times, and i never can.

by some happy coincidence the same year that jimmy stewart and kim novak made alfred hitchcock's haunting masterpiece "vertigo", they also made this light comedy. perhaps the two actors needed to do it after undergoing the heaviness of the hitchcock film . at any rate this a great companion piece to "vertigo" as it again explores a very un-likely but powerful romance. in fact the film can be seen as the flip side of "vertigo" with it's happy ending. here again novak undergoes a transformation, in vertigo she essentially plays two women and here she 'transforms' from witch to mortal. stewart is again bewitched and for awhile tormented by his love for her. unlike vertigo the two come together in "bell book and candle" , a perfect antidote for the hitcock movie. again the dynamics of love and attraction are examined but in an altogether different vein. the cast is terrific. lemmon hilarious as novak's warlock brother and elsa lancaster giving a classic performance as the aunt. ernie kovacs as the alcoholic cult writer and of course hermoine gingold playing novak's competitor are all great. the scene with stewart drinking the potion is comedy at it's best. anyone who has seen vertigo or even if you haven't should see this memorable light comedy.

made in the same year as "vertigo," this is an equally bewitching movie, though in a much lighter vein. it's set in an enchanted new york during the winter: kim novak is a witch who casts a spell over james stewart, but gets caught in it instead. the interesting sidelight is that novak's rival is played by janice rule, who originated the part of madge in "picnic" on broadway (the part that novak would make famous on film).

this is a wonderful film, makes the 1950's look beautifully stylish. kim novak is intriguing and compelling as a modern-day witch with one foot in manhattan and another in infinity. all the supporting performances are terrific, from jack lemmon as her bother nicky to ernie kovacs as the author of magic in mexico who is working on magic in manghattan, to elsa lanchester as the slightly batty as well as witchy aunt queenie. and then there is the cat- i have no idea how many witches (besides me) have named a cat pyewacket but suggest a zillion. jmes stewart looks out of place, but only just as much as his character is out of p;ace in this weird sub-world of magic and witchcraft. perfect. and it has the perfect romantic happy ending, which we believe in because movies of this vintage do have those happy endings. gillian and shep certainly have as much chance to be happy ever after as rose and charlie allnut in the african queen (another great film)

the play bell, book, and candle was a favorite of mature actresses to do in summer stock and take on the road. one famous story, told by director harold j. kennedy, has ginger rogers insisting that her then husband, william marshall, who was not an actor, costar with her. marshall wore a toupee, and when he walked through a doorway, his toupee caught on a nail and stayed behind, dangling in the doorway as he walked on stage.the play was adapted successfully into a beautiful color film starring kim novak, james stewart, jack lemmon, elsa lanchester, hermoine gingold, ernie kovacs, and janice rule. it's light entertainment, about a normal-appearing family of witches (novak, lemmon, and lanchester) and the publisher (stewart) who lives in their building. the most expert of them is the sultry, soft-voiced gillian, who would love to be normal. one night, with stewart in her apartment, she puts a spell on him using her siamese cat, pyewacket, and he falls in love with her."bell book and candle" was filmed on a charming set that replicates new york. the movie is loads of fun. jack lemmon is very funny in a supporting role as gillian's brother, a musician in the witch and warlock-laden zodiac club. he uses his powers to turn streetlights on and off and to turn on the occasional woman. janice rule is perfect as the snobby ex-college rival of gillian, now dating stewart, and ernie kovacs has a great turn as an eccentric who is writing the definitive book on witches. lanchester and gingold, of course, are always wonderful, lanchester gillian's daft aunt and gingold as a sort of queen of witchcraft.kim novak is a good fit for gillian, giving the character a detachment befitting a witch, showing emotion when it becomes appropriate, and with that voice, fabulous face, and magnificent wardrobe, she certainly is magical. stewart, in his last foray as a romantic lead, costars with novak as he did in vertigo, and they make an effective team. he supplies the warmth, she supplies the coolness, and somehow, together they spark. in this, of course, he's much more elegant than in "vertigo." a charming film, good for a sunday afternoon, good around christmas (as part of it takes place at christmastime), and great if you feel like smiling.

this movie was like any jimmy stewart film,witty,charming and very enjoyable.kim novak's performance as gillian,the beautiful witch who longs to be human,is splendid,her subtle facial expressions,her every move and gesture all create gillian's unique and somewhat haunting character,she left us hanging on her every word.i should not fail to mention ernie kovacs' and elsa lanchester's highly commendable performances as the scotch loving writer obsessed with the world of magic(kovacs) and the latter as the lovable aunt who can't seem to stop using magic even when forbidden to.the romantic scenes between stewart and novak are beautifully done and the chemistry between them is great,but then again when is the chemistry between jimmy stewart and any leading lady bad!

stewart is a distinguished bachelor and a successful executive who is about to marry his fiancée janice rule but instead gets involved with a capricious, sensual art dealer (kim novak) who turns out to be a greenwich village witch novak desires earnestly and intensely to love, but is unable to feel it...stewart slowly falls in love with her, and looks for a way to free her from her witch-spell... novak resents his well-intentioned concern, as does her siamese cat, pyewacket... still, stewart continues in his attempts to change her into a loving, feeling woman as he aspires to marry her...also blocking his way are such talented supporting actors as novak's brother (jack lemmon), a silly, charming sorcerer who can walk nonchalantly through walls; a terrible author who is writing a book about witchcraft; and the head of the association of manhattan witches, none other than the incredible hermione gingold...novak's aunt queenie (elsa lanchester), unlike her other relatives, is a tender witch who accepts that nothing should prevent the course of true love... she aids and stimulates them in turning novak into the woman of stewart's dreams, for a happy ending...if you like to see a lightweight comedy about magic, fantasy and love; beautiful cinematography; stunning use of color; and with an exceptional cast; don't miss this enjoyable and amusing movie

i researched this film a little and discovered a web site that claims it was actually an inside joke about the post wwii greenwich village world of gays and lesbians. with the exception of stewart and novak, the warlocks and witches represented that alternative lifestyle. john van druten who wrote the stage play was apparently gay and very familiar with this greenwich village. i thought this was ironic because i first saw bell, book and candle in the theater when i was in 5th or 6th grade just because my parents took me. it was hard to get me to a movie that didn't include horses, machine guns, or alien monsters and i planned on being bored. but, i remember the moment when jimmy stewart embraced kim novak on the top of the flatiron building and flung his hat away while the camera followed it fluttering to the ground. as the glorious george duning love theme soared, i suddenly got a sense of what it felt like to fall in love. the first stirrings of romantic/sexual love left me dazed as i left the theater. i am sure i'm not the only pre-adolescent boy who was seduced by kim novak's startling, direct gaze. it's ironic that a gay parable was able to jump-start heterosexual puberty in so many of us. i am in my late 50's now and re-watched the film yesterday evening and those same feelings stirred as i watched that hat touch down fifty years later . . .

maybe i need to have my head examined,but i thought this was a pretty good movie.the cg is not too bad.i have seen worse.the look of the creatures(and by creatures i mean the good and the bad snake)was pretty cool.the action scenes involving the snakes was really good,i thought.there are some lapses in logic at times,and the story doesn't always make sense.but for a creature feature,there are a lot worse.a lot of the other creatures seemed lifted from other movies,so it's not wholly original.i think the gist of the story is original though.there is a bit of similarity to godzilla(the big budget american version)which liked a lot.i didn't like this movie as much,but i still say it was pretty good.i also liked the music.all in all,i think dragon wars is about a 7/10

if you like sci-fi, monsters, and ancient legends, then you will love this movie!! the special effects are by far the best i have seen since juarassic park hit the big screen years ago. while the acting may have been a little less than desirable, the story line and effects adequately compensated for it.i wish now i had seen this at the movies on a theater screen instead of our 42 inch big screen tv.if you like non-stop action, awesome visuals, and taste for myth and lore....you have to see this movie!!

i have never seen such a movie before. i was on the edge of my seat and constantly laughing throughout the entire movie. i never thought such horrible acting existed it was all just too funny. the story behind the movie is decent but the movies scenes fail to portray them. i have never seen such a stupid movie in my life which is why it i think its worth watching. i give this movie 10 out of 10 for being the most pathetic movie ever created, this movie seems like it was solely created to become trash. i mean the scenes seem so fake and the actors act like "the camera is in front of them". you will get a kick just watching how lame this movie is, me and my friend could not stop making jokes during the movie, the darthvader guy who tries to get the girl got ran over not once but twice and the second time he got ran over it sounded like he said sh!# although he doesn't speak english lol. if you watch this movie you will think to yourself that all those other movies you didn't like you took for granted they are way better than this. this movie should be seen out of curiosity as well as what kind of movie defines lame. the evil serpent encountered the girl so many times it was ridiculous, the evil serpent just roared and roared and let her get away every time. the evil serpent had so many chances it was like god was trying to say hurry up and eat the girl how many miracles do you want. the transition between scenes leaves you wondering did i miss something? so many plot holes from scene to scene. i was laughing like crazy when they decided to "escape to mexico" to get away from the serpent. hmmmm hopping the border will save you from a serpent from korea? interesting... very interesting.... i guess hopping the border solves all problems. another scene that completely stupified me.. they met for the first time and had a romantic scene at the beach they kissed and didn't even know each other... the scene was so clichéd and the was no substance at least in other movies it might seem logical afterwhile but i mean they just met even though they are reincarnations there feelings were like they instantly loved each other instead of it rather developing. anyways this movie is worth watching for the sake of opening your eyes and seeing the light. bad hollywood movies will seem like heaven when compared to this. in the end its worth watching you wont get bored you will be occupied criticizing every moment, every scene in your head.

i enjoyed this movie and i had very low expectation due to all the negative reviews i read before going. i went because i was curious as to what all this fuss was about because some of the postings were so angry with this movie and with the koreans. oh and it's from korea which has put out some of my favorite movies. i liked host but not my absolute favorite. some of my favorite sci-fi /fantasy movies so you can have a sense of my taste: mirrormask, stardust, serenity, gattaca, willow, matrix, resident evil series, lotr, stargate, dark city.it wasn't confusing like everyone said and the monsters looked good and the battles great. there are some holes in the story but didn't really matter. i sort of tune out stuff like that and stopped asking why long time ago when i see summer blockbusters. the korean legend was interesting, the reincarnation stuff was different, and i thought the main characters suspiciously dressed like korean actors in other shows. ethan's(behr)hair looked so asian.yes, it could be better and i hope in the future that korea, with its unusual quirky sense of life, intense emotions, and unexpected humor, can bring some diversity to the blockbuster genre. maybe a combination of host and dragon wars in the future?

yes, some people have said that this movie was a waste of money, but i'm the kind of die hard dragon/world-ending/holy crap action movie fan.but if you take it from my stand point this movie had some of the best action sences were pretty dang good. but its that kind of movie that everything just fell tougher at the right time, or just about when evil was trumph something fell in to save them at the right time. though there were some funny lines and gangs throughout the movie which surprised me.the 3d graphics were pretty damn good. i mean for this kind of movie the 3d effects were great!!!! big battle that was shown in the trailers live up to whatever hype the movie had. the fight between good and evil at the end was, i have to to say could have been longer and slightly better, it was still pretty good.now on to the parts that i think could have been better. the beginning was pretty good showing the parts that lead up to the big battles. i mean if you don't really want to go see this movie in theaters then at least this is a dvder...overall i loved the movie,but the plot just fell into place to fast and fit tougher just to well.

i see a lot of really negative posts by people who wrote in august, though the movie was not released in the us, at least, until the middle of september. maybe these are unhappy expats living in s. korea who saw it early. i am in the us and just saw it today. i thought the special effects were excellent, better than the trailer. the story was non-western, but i think we are all used to this from many other movies. it wasn't at all hard to follow. the acting by the leads was weak, but other people were quite good. there was humor throughout, too. i rated it at 8 because i had a good time watching it, which is what i went for.

if you are under 13 or above 13 and pretty intoxicated, you'll enjoy d-war. if you are a seriously dedicated fan of all kinds of brainless action films, you'll enjoy d-war. otherwise, don't bother! i saw the movie today with my nephews and 3 of their friends. they really loved it and that made me feel good. after the movie was over, all the kids(my nephews and their friends)could not stop thanking me for taking them to the theater.the cg is good. acting and directing are horrible. storyline is extremely simple. but, since the half of the audience was kids, they were screaming, shouting and cheering every time the dragons appeared on the screen. this made the viewing experience far more exciting than it should have been.it's a good movie to take your kids to, but except for the final battle sequence, d-war is disappointing. i give this film 7 out of 10 mainly because the kids loved it so much.

i watched this in july and even with the christmas theme, found it touching and sensitive. it is not for someone with a reality-mind as it is full of fantasy and lovely moments that sometimes don't make sense. william russ did a grand job as hank. i have only seen him in the remake of the long, hot summer where he played a weak character. but in this one, the expression in his eyes throughout, as hank considered the things that were happening to him, was wonderful and tender. valerie bertinelli was excellent and lovely as usual and very believable in this role. and peter falk as max was splendid and always brought a smile when he appeared in a number of important scenes. there were many special scenes, including the one where hank realizes who max really was in his life. it's not for everyone.....especially those who aren't into 'feel-good' movies and this is definitely one! if you like everything to be perfect and make sense, avoid this one. but i think it is well-worth re-watching, which is why i taped it. (yes, some of us still have vcrs. :)

if anyone is interested in obtaining a copy of this film please read the bottom of this description: first telecast by cbs on november 30, 2003, the made-for-tv finding john christmas is a sequel to the previous year's a town without christmas, with peter falk reprising his role as versatile guardian angel max. valerie bertinelli plays kathleen mcallister, a divorced small-town nurse whose depression... over the fact that the hospital er she maintains may be forced to shut down because of a $100,000 debt is briefly lifted when she spots a newspaper picture taken by photojournalist noah greeley (david cubitt). the picture shows an act of bravery performed by noah's firefighter brother hank (william russ), who mysteriously left town 25 years ago and hasn't been seen since. hank would like to quietly slip back into town without explanation or fanfare, but this proves impossible when noah's newspaper posts a $50,000 reward to identify hank, known only to the public as "john christmas." and there's something, very, very curious about that photo: it also shows a santa claus suit seemingly floating in midair without an occupant. that elusive "santa" is of course the angelic max, who pops up now and again throughout the story in a variety of guises to solve problems, dispense advice, tie up loose plot strands--and even share a musical duet with kathleen's talented daughter socorro (jennifer pisana).interested in having a copy: write to me here: iamaseal2@yahoo.com

having been a fan of 'columbo', i was sorely disappointed in 'corky romano'. while certainly a funny movie, falk's mob boss character was a far cry from the lovable lieutenant he's played for so many years, especially with the offensive language he used. after 'corky romano', i was honestly both surprised by and soured on mr. peter falk. however, having just seen 'finding john christmas' and its predecessor, 'a town without christmas', for the first time within a week of each other, i have to say that 'max', peter's falk's delightful character in both movies, is surely as memorable and lovable as 'columbo'. while parts of the movie are quite predictable, such scenes in no way take away from the enjoyment of seeing the story played out. i too wish i had recorded both of these heartwarming christmas movies, and i highly recommend them whether you're a falk fan, a christmas nut, or simply someone who enjoys the occasional feel-good movie of the week. this movie may end up lost among the throngs of made-for-tv holiday flicks, so be sure to find 'finding john christmas' before it's too late.

this movie is visually stunning. who cares if she can act or not. each scene is a work of art composed and captured by john derek. the locations, set designs, and costumes function perfectly to convey what is found in a love story comprised of beauty, youth and wealth. in some ways i would like to see this movie as a tribute to john and bo derek's story. and...this commentary would not be complete without mentioning anthony quinn's role as father, mentor, lover, and his portrayal of a man, of men, lost to a bygone era when men were men. there are some of us who find value in strength and direction wrapped in a confidence that contributes to a sense of confidence, containment, and security. yes, they do not make men like that anymore! but, then how often do you find women who are made like bo derek.

bo derek's beauty and john derek's revolutionary direction make this film worthwhile. bo, looking more gorgeous than ever, is a recently widowed woman who is experiencing visitations from her 'dead' husband (anthony quinn). he has a plan. bo must procure the body of a young man so that her ghost of a husband can make his transformation from spectre back to corporeal life. can she find a fitting candidate? how will she do him in so tony can do his thing? with bo's attributes, john's unique direction, quinn's film presence, and, thanks to john, a very pretty exotic look to the entire film, this movie is pleasant viewing.

i'm sure that most people already know the story-the miserly ebenezer scrooge gets a visit from three spirits (the ghosts of christmas past, present and yet to come) who highlight parts of his life in the hopes of saving his soul and changing his ways. dickens' classic story in one form or another has stood the test of time to become a beloved holiday favorite.while i grew up watching the 1951 version starring alastair sims, and i believe that he is the definitive scrooge, i have been impressed with this version, which was released when i was in high school. george c. scott plays a convincing and mean ebenezer scrooge, and the actors playing the ghosts are rather frightening and menacing. david warner is a good bob cratchit as well.this version is beautifully filmed, and uses more modern filming styles (for the 1980's) which make it more palatable for my children than the 1951 black and white version.this is a worthy adaptation of the story and is one that i watch almost every year at some point in the christmas season.

i enjoy all the versions of this story but this one is my all time favorite. george c.scott gives a depth to the scrooge character that the others do not give. the movie shows more about why he becomes so bitter. the changes in scrooge appear gradually as he encounters the different ghosts and the incidents that they show him. this movie has the best tiny tim by far. he is the right age rather than being played by someone who is almost a teenager as in the other films. anthony walters still has all or most of his baby teeth. david warner is wonderful as bob cratchit. he is such a versatile actor. he portrays a man who clearly loves his family. he plays the role with dignity neither as a wimpy man cowering under scrooges'thumb but as a man who gracefully puts up with it because he has a family to provide for. susannah york and the other actors do a fine job of bringing the characters to life. edward woodward is the best ghost of christmas present i've ever seen. most often he is played as a jolly santa type character. in this he shows anger at scrooges attitudes and really makes scrooge reconsider. the costumes and the sets really bring the london of dickens time to life. a wonderful movie.

*********ten out of ten stars********* it's hard to believe this was a made for television movie. just the phrase, "made of tv", makes me shudder. the production values for made for tv movies are almost always remarkably lower than production values for professional movie studios. that being said, this version of the "christmas carol" should have been released in theaters, because it is that good. it's my personal favorite of all the "christmas carol" movies because every aspect of this production are of the highest quality. yes, there are some minor on screen glitches with two of the ghosts that visit scrooge, but there isn't a movie in existence that doesn't have at least a couple of mistakes.scott turns in a stellar performance as scrooge, he's a pleasure to watch. in fact, i can't think of one performance in this film that shouldn't be applauded. the costuming, location shooting, and winter backdrop are mesmerizing. the musical score is endearing and heart warming. add to that, solid directing, flawless cinematography, and faithful scripting; we have here what will one day be considered a holiday classic. it really hasn't been around long enough to be a classic, but mark my words, one day soon it will be. this film has turned into a yearly christmas tradition in my home because it embodies the true meaning behind christmas: love, selflessness, and giving. in as selfish, greedy world, my family and i can lose ourselves in "the christmas carol", starring george c. scott.

i saw this movie in sixth grade around christmas time, and i was really excited about seeing it, and when i heard that george c. scott was in it, i was really excited, because i really love george c. scott! when me and my class were watching this movie, i was really into it, and when it was over, i was really impressed, i thought that it was totally fabulous! this is the best version of charles dickens' classic novel that i have seen so far! george c. scott's performance as scrooge is something else, i thought that he was the perfect choice, he was scrooge, he is the definitive scrooge! i've seen two different versions of a christmas carol, the other is the one with patrick stewart, but this is the better one! what it really great about this is the acting, i thought that the actors were fabulous, everyone was, the spirits, tiny tim, bob cratchit, everyone, they could not have found anyone better than the ones they had doing the parts! but the best part of the movie was george c. scott! when i saw him, i thought that he was the absolute best! he is the definitive ebenezer scrooge, i do not think that they could have found someone better! i don't think that they could have found anyone better to replace anyone in the movie! this movie is probably the definitive movie adaption of the classic by charles dickens, and i really think that you will agree, you will think that this movie is fabulous! i am probably going to have to buy this movie on dvd, because i thought that it was totally fabulous! i totally recommend that you see this masterpiece! this is the best version of a christmas carol, period. 10/10

in our household, we are enormous fans of a christmas carol and watch virtually every version each christmas, including the old 1938 reginald owen and the modern 1999 patrick stewart. our overall favorite is the 1951 black & white classic, because alastair sim is ebeneezer scrooge and his conversion rings the truest. however, this 1984 rendition has its own unique merits and makes a lovely & entertaining story, quite faithful generally to dickens' novel. (see my comments on the other film adaptations, if interested)first of all, george c. scott can certainly seem pretty crotchety and doesn't make a bad scrooge. i adore his sideburns, his long topcoat & hat. he cuts the finest fashion figure of the lot, and quite a handsome gentleman. however, sometimes it seems scott is enjoying his role as scrooge just a wee bit too much and not taking it quite as seriously as he ought!this rendition has the best overall christmas atmosphere, hopeful and optimistic. somehow you know this story is going to have a happy ending. filmed in the town of shrewsbury, england, it just seems somehow very british. the film has a lovely musical score, with wonderful, lively caroling music throughout all the appropriate portions of the tale. sometimes i could almost smell the chestnuts roasting and the pudding singing in the copper! marley's anguished ghost (with his wonderful jaw dropping scene) and the three spirits are all quite convincing. christmas past is a lovely ethereal lady, christmas present wonderfully giant and jovial, christmas yet to come shrouded and foreboding as always. however, i found scrooge's nephew, fred, a wee bit quiet & grim, not nearly as jolly & hearty as he should be. i like the nephew's wife, whom they've named janet, with her lovely, sprightly period hairstyle. instead of blind man's bluff, they've concocted a game called similes for the nephew's christmas dinner party, which is a cute little touch, scrooge getting right into the spirit of the thing.the cratchits and their somewhat meagre (though much appreciated) christmas dinner are well depicted, with bob (david warner) suitably sympathetic and long-suffering in his miles of scarf. mrs. cratchit is charmingly portrayed by susannah york, who also starred with george c. scott in the wonderful 1970 adaptation of jane eyre. above all, this version has unquestionably the best tiny tim, not only an adorable & endearing little waif but sickly. with those dark circles under his eyes, the frail wee thing looks unlikely to survive the hour!this is a delightful & heartwarming version of the holiday classic. with its festive atmosphere, it's sure to put you in the spirit of the season.

this version of the charles dickens novel features george c scott as the scrooge. fine casting, especially the choice of scott, who plays the role to the hilt..a fine cast supports him in the very good adaption. a modern day holiday classic on a scale of one to ten..9

everyone is surely familiar with this most famous of stories  a heartless businessman is visited by the ghost of his dead partner on christmas eve and warned that if he continues in his uncaring ways then he will be doomed to an afterlife in chains. so that he can avoid his partner's fate he is visited by three spirits who show him visions of christmases past, present and yet to come, so that he will hopefully see the error of his ways before it is too late. a rather morbid tale one might think, but it is classic charles dickens, and also one of the most famous and popular christmas stories of all time.to me this is the definitive version of dickens' timeless story; it's the one i always remember watching in school, and i remember being absolutely terrified by it! the ghost of jacob marley, the final scene with the ghost of christmas present under the bridge, and the ghost of christmas yet-to-come especially i found very frightening. how on earth did the film gain the 'u' certificate? (for non-uk readers 'u' is the lowest classification, it means family friendly and children welcome, nothing to scare them etc... this is certainly not the case though, as some smaller children will undoubtedly find the final segment positively terrifying with the grim reaper-like spectre of christmas future.be that as it may, from the many versions of this classic story i have seen adapted for film, this is possibly the most faithful to the book. most notably included is a segment rarely seen in film adaptations of the original text - that of the ghost of christmas present showing scrooge the two children hidden under his robe (you'd never get away with a scene like that nowadays!). the two children represent ignorance and need (although changed to want in this film).criticisms for me however become apparent having watched it again with more objective and trained eyes, the main one of which being that george c. scott's portrayal of scrooge seems simply not cold enough. he laughs too much. i don't want to use the word jolly because of course ebeneezer is anything but, but he does seem to be merely a grumpy old man, rather than the positively unkind, cold and uncaring man that he is in the book and other films. patrick stewart portrayed him excellently in one of the most recent versions filmed, and michael caine, despite acting alongside the muppets, was positively cold. further, the development of the character over the course of the film as he learns more about the error of his ways and grows towards redemption is unconvincing and appears inconsistent. he appears to have changed little by the time he reaches the third spirit's final lesson.but ignoring this one (albeit major) quibble, it is still a spellbinding and ultimately heart-warming christmas tale, as all christmas films should be. london of course looks like the perfect picturesque quaint snow-covered english town that many americans probably imagine it still is (the truth is that even then that london was grey and grimy  and any snow would never have been so white!) and everyone is so impeccably dressed too, even the poor people look rather dapper. but of course it's a christmas film, so why shouldn't everything look nice? perfect holiday season viewing; coupled with copies of it's a wonderful life, miracle on 34th street and the snowman and you've got everything you need.

when this initially aired in 1984, my wife and i taped it on our very first vhs recorder. i still have that aging tape, which i try to watch annually. it was the year my first child was born, and seeing a christmas carol in this incarnation brings back fond memories of happy times -- many hours of which were spent with this film playing in the background. i finally broke down this year and ordered a dvd, which prompted me to take a moment to write this brief reaction to the movie. charles dickens' story is captured in outstanding fashion here. george c. scott is absolutely amazing and totally believable as scrooge. the supporting cast is equally spectacular. this is, to my mind, a flawless production. little details add much to the enjoyment. the game "similes" scrooge's nephew and wife play with their party guests is a neat item. (i've since re-created it with my high school english students as a brief respite from class work!) honestly, i can think of few ways to entertain myself over the holidays i enjoy more than indulging in this cbs production, which was originally sponsored by ibm. (incidentally, it's fun to watch the old tape with the original ibm commercials ... which show just how much computers have evolved in 21 years. amazing how things have changed!) bottom line: a christmas carol is a timeless story, and this rendition is a timeless classic. enjoy ... and god bless us, every one!

although george c. scott is the only actor in this version of acc without a british accent, he more than makes up for it with his over-the-top and larger-than-life interpretation of ebenezer scrooge.particularly effective is when he confronts bob cratchit in his office at the movie's end. as scott stands before a large window, sunlight casts a glowing mantle over him; all you can see is his silhouette. augmented by scott's voice, a ponderous growl, the effect is galvanizing...much like marlon brando's first scene in apocalypse now. "the horror," indeed! however, as they say, the very thing that works for you can also work against you. because scott displays such gleeful ferocity throughout the movie, it proves infectious. to put it another way, the "before" scrooge is almost as charismatic as the "after," even though he really shouldn't be. it's what you might call the "doctor smith" effect, since jonathan harris used a very similar approach when playing that role and numerous other heavies (stage and screen alike).actually, i myself don't consider scott's glib rage a liability. but other "christmas carol" purists might. see the film and judge for yourselves.

okay, there are a ton of reviews here, what can i possibly add?i will try anyway. the reason this is my favorite scrooge is because of everything. the sets, outdoor locations, costumes are so beautiful and authentic. the music is sweet. the supporting cast is very well done. one of my favorites is the narrator & nephew, played by roger rees. his understated sincerity is touching and his voice is the sound of christmas to me. david warner is also a totally believable bob cratchit. his is a difficult life, but he remains positive and dignified. the best part of course- is george c. scott as ebenezer scrooge. some have said his portrayal too gruff. i couldn't disagree more. his exchanges at the beginning while cold or harsh, weren't out of character. he is a terribly disillusioned man who's heart has been hardened by the vicissitudes of life and his own lust for wealth. during the flashbacks, it's obvious that he isn't all gruff. this is where we see that there is hope for him. if he was totally gone, his partner marley would never have come for his sake in the first place. and after all, we are none of us past hoping. i think that is a huge part of what dickens was trying to say. when scrooge looks in on his dance at his employer's with belle, you see him smile regretfully as he tells belle in the flashback that he will go through life "with a grin on my face." clive donner was smart enough as the director to allow these moments on film. sometimes they get left on the editing room floor.and finally, his conversion is so absolutely full of joy that it makes me cry tears of joy every time i see it. his apology to his nephew fred, so sincere, so moving, it is the spirit not only of christmas, but of humanity itself. the joy he brings to fred, to his wife are so apparent. and the line that gets me every time, "god forgive me for the time i've wasted." bravi tutti!

ok. i'm biased. i live near shrewsbury in england, where this wonderful movie was filmed. it still looks the same now. i remember them filming here quite vividly, and the fake snow on the streets for days on end. often, when i'm walking through shrewsbury i see a street or a house and it will remind me of this film.george c. scott's scrooge is a more realistic character than many of the other screen versions. his physical appearance isn't the typical miser. scott's is big and imposing. a man who finds those smaller than himself to be inferior.we all know the story and the quotes. the book is one of the most cherished works in the english language. and i don't believe there are many cynics who would say that people aren't capable of change and redemption. this film version portrays all of that quite beautifully. george c. scott may be american but he plays the part of the english miser with wonderful skill.i love this movie. if you haven't seen this version i would strongly urge that you do. it's usually available for a very small amount of money... or are you too mean?

i first saw this version of "a christmas carol" when it first appeared on television. i actually anticipated seeing the film when it was advertised and it more than lived up to my expectations. i have now purchased the dvd and plan to watch it every year. with the exception of "it's a wonderful life" i consider this version of "a christmas carol" one of the best christmas movies ever made. george c. scott is excellent and a superb cast led by roger rees surrounds him! scott proves once again that he is one of finest actors of our time. scott has the artistic talent and acting ability to play any role and keep the character unique to himself. how can someone be remembered as both patton and scrooge? scott does so easily. the direction is marvelous with the fine sets, costumes and music that give the movie a special feeling of the time, place and era depicted. you will simply love this movie and will place it among your favorites to watch during the holiday season.

this is the best film version of dicken's classic tale. i've seen it over and over on vhs, and recently acquired the dvd version, which is formatted for tv (not wide-screen). what i find interesting about this teleplay is the cast of english actors who are now recognizable since many have appeared in other films/shows in north america since 1984. my biggest surprise is edward woodward, "the equalizer", as the ghost of christmas present.

i saw a lot films about charles dickens' christmas carol. but this one is the best of all! there is an atmosphere which is exactly the same as in the book. the actors (george c. scott and others) are great! unfortunately, you can't often watch the film in germany and switzerland.

you could stage a version of charles dickens' "a christmas carol" with sock puppets and i'll probably watch it. ever since i was a child, this has been one of my favorite stories. maybe it's the idea that there is good in everyone, and that therefore no one is beyond redemption, that appeals to me, but for whatever reason i never miss an opportunity to watch one of the many screen adaptations of this timeless classic when they're on tv as they inevitably are this time of year.what makes this version really stand out is the somber gravitas that the cast bring to their respective roles. lines we've heard dozens of times in the past take on a whole new intensity, and each character becomes more real and believable in the hands of this wonderful ensemble.george c. scott was nominated for an emmy in 1985 for this role. it is to his everlasting credit that rather than sleepwalking through this oft-portrayed role of scrooge, he instead gave it a fresh interpretation that was, in my opinion, one of his finest performances ever. he wisely did not attempt a british accent, instead delivering his lines in that famous gravelly voice. his scrooge is not merely a cranky old man (as he is so often portrayed), but a man who harbors a profound anger against the world. as he is visited in turn by each of the three spirits, we understand how this anger took root, grew, and ultimately strangled his soul. as he is forced to review his life, we see him alternately softening, and then relapsing again into unrepentant obstinacy. and in the great dramatic scene when he, kneeling and weeping at his own grave, begs for mercy as he attempts to convince the third spirit of his repentance and desire to alter his life, we see a man who has been utterly broken and brought to his knees literally and figuratively. scott has made scrooge utterly believable and painfully human.impressive as scott's performance is, the ensemble of supporting actors contributes significantly the this version's dark beauty. fred holywell, scrooge's nephew, is an excellent example of this. often portrayed as an affable buffoon, here he is played by roger rees with an emotional intensity missing from earlier portrayals. when he implores scrooge, "i ask nothing of you. i want nothing from you. why can't we be friends?", we see in his face not only his frustration, but his pain at scrooge's self-imposed separation from his only living relative. it is a moving performance, and one of the movie's most dramatic scenes.even more magnificent is the performance given by the wonderful english actor frank finlay as scrooge's late partner, jacob marley. in most versions of this tale, the scene with marley tends to be a bit of a low point in the film, simply because it's difficult to portray a dead man convincingly, and the results are usually just plain silly (ooooh, look, it's a scary ghost.......not!) in this version, it is perhaps the most riveting scene in the whole movie. marley's entrance, as the locks on scrooge's door fly open of their own accord and the sound of chains rattling echo throughout the house, is wonderfully creepy. but finlay's marley is no ethereal spirit. he is a tortured soul, inspiring both horror and pity. marley may be a ghost, but his rage and regret over a life wasted on the pursuit of wealth, and his despair at his realization that his sins are now beyond redress, are still very human. as portrayed by finlay, we have no problem believing that even the flinty scrooge would be shaken by this nightmarish apparition. finlay really steals the scene here, something not easy to do when you're opposite george c. scott.and it just goes on and on, one remarkable performance after another, making it seem like you're experiencing this story for the first time. edward woodward (remember him from the equalizer?) is by turns both jovial and menacing as the ghost of christmas present. when he delivers the famous line, "it may well be that in the sight of heaven you are more worthless and less fit to live than millions like this poor man's child" he is no longer a jolly santa claus surrogate, but an avenging angel who gives scrooge a much needed verbal spanking.susannah york is a wonderfully tart tongued mrs. cratchit, and david warner brings marvelous depth to the long suffering bob cratchit, a man who goes through life bearing the triple crosses of poverty, a sick child, and an insufferable boss. his face alternately shows his cheerful courage, and also, at times, his weariness, in the face of intolerable circumstances. later, in the scene in which scrooge is shown by the ghost of christmas yet to come the cratchit family after the death of tiny tim, warner's performance, while hardly uttering a word, will move you to tears.

this story is told and retold and continues to be retold in every possibly way imagine. the immortal charles dicken's story has been recreated in every possible way imagine. i admit i have not seen the classic alistair sim version and i'm sure someday i will but i would be blown away if it touched even close to this amazing eighties version. i believe that if dickens himself had created his story for film this would be it.the story is well known, i won't go into much detail because everyone has seen it in one form or another. a rich, stingy, mean, old man is visited by the ghost of his former partner and warned about his mean ways. in order to straighten him out he is visited by three spirits, each which show him a different perspective of his life and the people he is involved with, past, present and future. finally in seeing all this before him he realizes the error of his ways in a big way and attempts retribution for all the wrong he has done.george c. scott is absolutely, undeniably perfect for this role. he takes hold of the ebeneezer scrooge role and makes it his own and creates an incredible character. he is not just a mean old man, but someone who has been effected by certain situations in his life that has made him bitter and angry at the world. there is compassion within him but he holds it below everything else and is very self involved. scott delivers the role of perfection when it comes to scrooge.not only does the leading role make this film but everything else fits into place. this is a grand epic of victorian england, dickens england is recreated before our very eyes, the sights and the sounds and you can almost feel the breeze in your face and the smells of the market. director clive donner brilliantly recreates this scene and leaves nothing to the imagination. i could watch this film on mute and be dazzled by the scenery. it's not spectacular scenery per se but it's real. the film takes us from the high class traders market to the very dismal pits of poverty and everything in between.the rest of the cast fits into their roles and brings their literary counterparts to life. bob cratchitt, played by david warner and his entire family including and especially the young tiny tim played by anthony walters were wonderful. the ghosts each had their own distinct personality and added to the dark mood of this story. a christmas carol is not a light story. dickens wrote this story for a dark period in england's life and it's one of the few christmas tales that is really dark, almost scary, and it has to be scary in order to scare a man who has been a miser for so many years into turning around. the dark feel to the story is captured in this film and is downright frightening and yet the end lifts your spirits and captures christmas miracles. the score to this film is also something to be mentioned as it is epic and grand and beautiful to listen to whether it's the actual score or the christmas music, everything fits together. apparently christmas movies are my favorite because i insist everyone see this christmas carol above all others. 10/10

as the celebration of christmas has evolved through the years, whether one concentrates on the religious or the secular traditions, it is a time when people are supposed to behave a little better to each other. that has somehow slipped past one ebenezer scrooge, merchant and money lender in 19th century london.as his nephew points out to his uncle, he doesn't keep christmas in any way because scrooge feels the whole thing is humbug. the humanity in scrooge was driven out long ago, he's a hard case, a whole lot like his 20th century counterpart, mr. potter of bedford falls, new york.but as charles dickens told this tale, redemption is not too late for any of us and a lonely ghost and three spirits visit scrooge and show him how.a christmas carol is such a timeless holiday classic that we sometimes forget that it is as much a social commentary of 19th century great britain as oliver twist was. the characters in this film are middle and lower class. the cratchits are a couple of rungs above the street people in oliver twist, but they are having to struggle to stay up there. still love and happiness radiate their home, no thanks to the guy bob cratchit works for. like george bailey who did a whole lot of good in his life and just had to be reminded how much, ebenezer scrooge needed a wake up call as to the potentiality he still had for doing some good in this old world.patrick stewart in his live performances and filmed play has pretty much taken over the part of scrooge. but george c. scott captures the old miser pretty well in this film. the meanness of him, but with a trace of sadness that makes us root for him to change. scott joins a fine tradition of people like reginald owen and alastair sim who've both done great interpretations of scrooge.among the supporting roles i particularly enjoyed david warner as bob cratchit and edward woodward as a hearty and stern spirit of christmas present. according to imdb this is one of 32 versions of a christmas carol made that they have archived and it is one of the best.

and possibly closest to the dickens story line. although i find the young ebenezer hard to watch (who's idea was that period hair, surely they could have done better than that!), scott does an incredible job as scrooge. his delivery of some of the lines from dickens finally brought it to life for me. edward woodward is everything we expect and more of the ghost of christmas present. i find g.c. scott's scrooge much more of a believable miser than the more current version done by patrick stewart. the scene christmas morning when scrooge realizes he hasn't 'missed it', is enough to convince one that scott knows how to act versus overact. he's phenomenal here. nearly the entire cast is incredible. the tiny tim in this version of the christmas carol is a little tough to look at, almost too sweet. still the music and the scenery make this a must watch every holiday. enjoy!

this is simply one of the finest renditions of dicken's classic tale. the script very accurately follows the story originally penned by dickens, and captures a perfect balance between a film atmosphere and a play atmosphere. viewers fond of either format will find enough of the story rooted in their presentation style of choice.george c. scott brings a delightfully realistic approach to the character of scrooge, and is very convincing in the character development instigated by the visits of the ghosts. i found that he was able to win me over to the point where i sympathized with the old miser, something rarely done in other versions. the superb job done by the supporting actors add greatly to this production, which is simply the most enjoyable of all the christmas carol versions i have seen.

"telefilms" tend to fall under the pitfalls of a low budget and a hasty shooting schedule, which is why this film always tends to buck the trend.george c. scott embodies ebenezer scrooge perfectly, fully encompassing all of his cold tendencies, and still makes him a simpathetic character. the production value for this film was exceptional, never relying on boffo special effects or soundstage set-ups, yet relying on the depth and clarity of on-site shooting and strong backdrops. a movie that certainly stands alone.

the setting and actors make this television movie for me the best rendition of dickens' classic tale. george c. scott is very believable as is the rest of the cast. his scrooge oozes with nastiness until the very end of the movie. then his character changes to one who is truly repentant. the 19th century english town chosen for the setting creates an ambiance that is fitting to dickens and adds to the plausibility of this film. it is a movie i watch every christmas along with the real grinch and it's a wonderful life.

i know many people have a special fondness for the alistair sim version of dickens' story, but for me, this 1984 version is the one to beat. my wife and i own a copy of this film on vhs, and we watch it together every christmas eve. i often remark that we could watch it on halloween too, because it's a very creepy ghost story.scott--typecast as scrooge--is shudderingly mean and nasty, making his transformation all the more miraculous and moving. i think it's up there with his performance in patton. the spirits are all effective, each one creepier than the last. watching the dark, floating, skeletal form of the spirit of christmas yet to come sends shivers down my spine every year. and what a supporting cast! david warner, in particular, is in top form as bob cratchit, as is susannah york as his wife. i seem to recall that this version sticks closer to the original story than most others--but i may be mistaken, as it's been several years since i read it. regardless, this is a terrific christmas classic.

so this made for tv film scores only a 7.6 on this site? bah! humbug! without question this 1984 version of dickens' classic tale is the best ever made. and yes, the hound has seen the 1951 version which was also good, but not good enough. the lack of color is perhaps the biggest shortcoming of that version, although the acting was wonderful.george c. scott is simply incredible as ebenezer scrooge. we all know the story of this stingy businessman who is haunted by the ghost of his dead partner, then by three other spirits later on that evening. scott is properly gruff as scrooge. too gruff in fact for some critics who claim he is unable to project the new-found glee that he awakens to on christmas morning after the spirits teach him a valuable lesson. but hey, this is george c. scott. he's never going to go dancing down the street in a fit of joy. he has too much dignity, and his scrooge projects his emotion in a realistic manner.the supporting performances are uniformly excellent, as are the costumes, music, and scenery. 19th century london comes to life in clive donner's visionary style. the film even borders on frightening in several scenes involving the spirits. the important tale of morality shines through in every frame, though.you won't often find this version aired on television anymore, and that is a disappointment. the 1984 version of a christmas carol should be a required part of every household's celebration of the holiday. when the decorations come out of the basement, this film should find its way into the dvd player at least once during the season.10 of 10 stars.the hound.

far richer in texture and character than even the classics from the 30's and 50's. george c. scott was born to be scrooge, just as he was born to be patton. mr. scott will be known as one of the greatest actors of the 20th century. the character of scrooge as played by mr. scott seemed to jump off the screen. scott as scrooge brought an richer, more robust, yet a more deeply moving scrooge to the screen than any of his predecessors in the role of the meanest man in 18th century london. mr. scott seemed to bring scrooge to a more personal, understandable yet highly conflicted level; his role was acted with the great authority scott always bring to the screen: yet his usual bellicose voice would sometimes be brought to a whisper, almost as a soliloquy, as he would berate the christmas holiday in one breath, yet reveal his own human frailty in his next line. he could portray the sour and crusty scrooge, and a misunderstood, sympathetic scrooge all in the same scene.truly a remarkable performance by a giant of his generation.

this 1984 version of the dickens' classic `a christmas carol,' directed by clive donner, stars george c. scott as ebenezer scrooge. by this time around, the challenge for the filmmaker was to take such familiar material and make it seem fresh and new again; and, happily to say, with this film donner not only met the challenge but surpassed any expectations anyone might have had for it. he tells the story with precision and an eye to detail, and extracts performances from his actors that are nothing less than superlative, especially scott. one could argue that the definitive portrayal of scrooge-- one of the best known characters in literary fiction, ever-- was created by alastair sim in the 1951 film; but i think with his performance here, scott has now achieved that distinction. there is such a purity and honesty in his scrooge that it becomes difficult to even consider anyone else in the role once you've seen scott do it; simply put, he is scrooge. and what a tribute it is to such a gifted actor; to be able to take such a well known figure and make it so uniquely his own is quite miraculous. it is truly a joy to see an actor ply his trade so well, to be able to make a character so real, from every word he utters down to the finest expression of his face, and to make it all ring so true. it's a study in perfection.the other members of the cast are splendid as well, but then again they have to be in order to maintain the integrity of scott's performance; and they do. frank finlay is the ghost of jacob marley; a notable turn, though not as memorable, perhaps, as the one by alec guinness (as marley) in the film, `scrooge.' angela pleasence is a welcome visage as the spirit of christmas past; edward woodward, grand and boisterous, and altogether convincing as the spirit of christmas present; and michael carter, grim and menacing as the spirit of christmas yet to come.david warner hits just the right mark with his bob cratchit, bringing a sincerity to the role that measures up well to the standard of quality set by scott's scrooge, and susannah york fares just as well as mrs. cratchit. the real gem to be found here, though, is the performance of young anthony walters as tiny tim; it's heartfelt without ever becoming maudlin, and simply one of the best interpretations-- and the most real-- ever presented on film.the excellent supporting cast includes roger rees (fred holywell, and also the narrator of the film), caroline langrishe (janet holywell), lucy gutteridge (belle), michael gough (mr. poole) and joanne whalley (fan). a flawless presentation, this version of `a christmas carol' sets the standard against which all others must be gauged; no matter how many versions you may have seen, watching this one is like seeing it for the first time ever. and forever after, whenever you think of scrooge, the image your mind will conjure up will be that of george c. scott. a thoroughly entertaining and satisfying experience, this film demands a place in the annual schedule of the holiday festivities of every home. i rate this one 10/10.

this is a movie that has a lot of things that only japanese people can understand. even well translated, there are some things that are obviously private jokes or regional symbolism. my guess is that it tried to send a message of some sort, but that just got wasted on me.what i felt that is basically this is a mediocre movie with nice special effects. some kid becomes "the one" and in the end has almost no relevance to a yokai war that makes no sense whatsoever anyway. it would have been nice to understand what the hell they were talking about, but between the azumi bean washing yokai and the one that looks like a big tongued umbrella (rihanna eat your heart out!) i couldn't really discern the plot.bottom line: nice visuals, the kid screams a lot, the river princess is terrible cute and the rest is crap.

the only reason i'm giving this a 9 is that the other kid actors who played tadashi's tormentors were not up to the job. i presume they were just kids who happened to be the right age and handy, but they were not well coached, and their scenes were a minor annoyance. i say not to judge this by u.s. standards because it's full of ambiguities and the kinds of equivocations that japanese culture readily embraces, and is not beholden to the black-hat/ white-hat moral constraints u.s. kids' films are routinely subjected to. for example, there is a preciously funny moment when tadashi's small band of yokai companions finds themselves let down and abandoned by the other yokai, and shojo--the avuncular kirin herald--does what many a stressed-out japanese adult would do. hint: this would not happen in a disney film. this picture also has the best product placement for beer you will ever see in a kids' movie. early on, there's a moment where a school teacher smacks a couple of bullies on the head with her attendance book. there was a tv commercial in japan a couple years before this movie came out. it was a stop-motion clay animation about a kid who's depressed and playing guitar and singing the blues in his room. his mother yells at him from downstairs to shut up. then, someone gives him a candy bar and he cheers up and sings a happy tune, but his mother comes in and tells him to shut up again and gives him a dope slap that leaves a dent in his forehead. i mention this commercial, because it was considered funny, and i didn't hear any objections to it while i was there. there is a lot more bloodshed and physical cruelty on screen in "the great yokai war" than one would find in a disney movie. as a parent, if this were a u.s. film, i would be up in arms about such things, although not necessarily the moral lessons drawn at the end of the picture, which, of course, are also not black and white. since it's a japanese movie, i accept that those cultural norms allow for imagery that would not get past the standards and practices cops in a u.s. production. however, i'd probably be a little uneasy taking young kids to see it without giving them some sort of pre-show briefing and/or post-show debriefing about the violence and other off- color stuff, or i'd wait till they're older to show it to them.

i just finished watching this movie and i must say that i was so impressed.everything about it was superb. the acting the characters, the story. a believable child who grew into brave, always willing to help others. his mum must be proud. i could not take my eyes off this film for fear of missing something. it is the prefect fable/tale with morals, cute and scary sprites and 'monsters' but nevertheless heartwarming folk. a child poked and bullied at school who becomes a hero. picked to be a rider at the local village festival and a journey to the goblin mountain where he discovers the yokai, who are amazing creations that brian froud would be proud of. and the evil kato and his off sider who definitely needed a hug. these evil people capture the yokai and throw them into a red pit along with unwanted objects, like motorbikes and other mechanical things and these meld into one horribly violent robotic monsters whose only job is to kill. takashi a young boy is the one to become their saviour, alongside a red man/dragon a turtle man and a river princess as well as a cute little creature that, if it had been america they could have turned it into a cuddly toy and sold it at all good toy stores. the lines are good especially the don't try this at home kids and other gems that bring a smile to your lips. suspend belief and watch this with a child or on your own and enjoy! though i must admit that the end was a wee bit sad. and not necessarily so. cheers furdion

takashi miike is one of my favorite directors and i was worried about him doing a kids film, because i would hate to see him depart from his films i came to love: visitor q, gozu, izo, ichi the killer and black socioty trilogy. lately he seems to be exploring new territory and i think he's succeeding. still this was the first of his films i'd seen him take that direction, so i was nervous. of coarse i bought it without seeing it and was glad i did.great yokai war is a perfect kids film and adults should like it too. the whole film reminded me so much of the movies i loved as a child: neverending story, labyrinth, return to oz, etc. i enjoyed those films because they didn't treat kids like they're stupid and this one doesn't either. the dark underlying morals are there, but, it's also as silly as any kids film should be. i personally wasn't bothered by the cgi and prosthetics. i feel like they fit well and don't think kids will notice.if you are a die hard takashi miike fan, you may not like this one. but, i suggest giving it a shot. it proves that miike is as diverse and talented as i suspected he is. he also continues to make his signature miike films outside of these ones, which is very reassuring.to those people that are new to takashi miike and want something light hearted or dramatic like this one, i suggest these other miike films: 'zebraman' 'the happiness of the katakuris' 'sabu' and 'the bird people in china.' good job takashi miike! 8/10 stars.

"yokai daisenso" is a children's film by takashi miike, but as you might expect, it's probably a bit too dark & scary for younger ones. however, older children may well eat this up, that is, if you play it dubbed in english.the story is that of a young boy, who has moved with his mother to the country, to live with his grandfather, after a divorce. during a village festival the boy is chosen as a "kirin rider", a great honor, but with that honor comes much danger and adventure, of course.meanwhile, evil doings are at hand as a woman in a white mini skirt, go-go boots & a beehive hair-do, teams up with an evil yokai to turn people's resentments and discarded items against them. and this evil has manifested itself as a flying city in the form of a monster that heads for the city of rage itself, tokyo. one quite funny scene has two derelicts watching the monster fly over the city...says one, "oh, it's only gamera". the young boy has befriended yokai, which are monsters of a kind, mostly benign, that have isolated themselves away from humans, and all the yokai in japan band together to fight the evil.in many ways miike & crew have taken the late 60's/early 70's yokai films and turned them into a modern action adventure film for (older) kids that also combines some strange mechanical monsters that made me think of "transformers". the look and feel of the film is great, the effects are entertaining, and some of the humor will just sail right over kid's heads, but still, older ones might enjoy it. as for adults, there's not much here not to like, if you're a fan of japanese monster movies you'll enjoy the heck out of this.cool & fun stuff, kind of dark at times but perhaps that's just miike..and what a wild ride. 8 out of 10.

yokai monsters: spook warfare (yokai daisenso, 2005) a movie about "yokai" or traditional japanese "monsters" of folklore. it is alternatively known as big monster war or as ghosts on parade.the yokai of the first installment include the teapot freak, kappa water imp, a living 'brella, a woman whose sheeks can grow extremely gigantic, a woman with a second face on the back of her head, a dwarf priest with an enormous gourd-like wrist, & so on.these sorts of whimsical monsters derive not only from fairy lore, but from a type of summer entertainment of the tokugawa era, comparable to today's halloween haunted houses, or the "freak shows" of yesteryear but with exclusively phony freaks. ghosts & goldfish monsters & dancing one-headed umbrellas were trumped up to create "chills" during the hot summers. the fatcheek woman & such were recreated by tricks or illusions, based on monsters depicted in medieval scrolls; & if their design for the movie is a bit simple & hoky, this makes them all the more representative of what historically was recreated for summer chills.these rather endearing monsters have to face off & destroy an ancient babylonian vampire demon who has come to japan & disguised himself as a samurai lord. despite that some of the japanese apparitions are a bit goofy, & too many of the costumes scarsely more than masks without even moving lips as they speak, it is all played very poker-faced & is very charming. it has some beautiful cinematography, much as would be provided in a cgi film of the same decade. viewed in the right mood or with the right friends, it is exciting, moving & touching.yoshiyuki kuroda also directed the famed lone wolf & cub: white heaven & hell (1974) &and was the special fx director for the excellent daimajin trilogy. the yokai monsters series is not the equal of majin at its best, but the yokai are nevertheless great fun. the first miike movie which is the most child-oriented of his family films, with the gozu & izoo consecutively more serious though none too severe for young viewers.

2005 toronto film festival report it is official; "takashi miike" is whacked.the annual midnight screening of the new "takashi miike" film, "the big spook war" or "the great yokai war" or "yôkai daisensô". call it what you will this is a fanatical ride.colin geddes, the fearless programmer stated this film was originally geared towards children in japan. think of "lord of the rings" or "neverending story" for japan. after the screening i can understand where they were going with that, but damn this is "takashi miike" after all. he directed the '01 film "ichi the killer", when it screening at the festival barf bags were handed out at the screening. and no, that wasn't just a marketing ploy.plot summary: a young boy with a troubled home life becomes "chosen," and he stumbles into the middle of a great spirit war, where he meets a group of friendly spirits who become his companions through his journey.this is not really for kids, well not 'too' young. certainly see them getting scared shitless with some of these spirits (even the friendly ones) on display. this is unlike anything i've seen in the movie theater before. a fantasy naturally, some very funny (but dark) material. you will not be bored can guarantee that. will this ever hit north america? doubtful.my rating = b

what a strangely wonderful, if sometimes slight and bulky, big-budget fantasy this is. takashi miike had already proved, by the time he got to the great yokhai war, that he could dip into other films aside from his supposed niche of the crime/yakuza genre (visitor q and andromedia showed this, the former great the latter lesser). but here miike, in his first and only co-screen writing credit no less, proves that he can deliver the goods on a post-modern soup of mythical fantasy conventions, and with it boatload of cgi, creature-effects and make-up, and an epic battle that is more like a "festival" than something out of lord of the rings. the comparisons can be made far and wide, to be sure, and the most obvious to jump on would be miyazaki, for the seemingly unique mixture of kids-as-big-heroes, power-hungry sorcerers looking for the energy of the earth as the main source, machinery as the greatest evil, and many bizarrely defined, flamboyantly designed creatures (or yokai of the title). but there can also be comparisons made to star wars, especially to the gungan battle in tpm, and to the whole power-play between good and evil with similar forces. or to anime like samurai 7. or, of course, to henson's films. and through all of these comparisons, and even through the flaws or over-reaching moments, it's miike all the way with the sensibilities of effects and characters. here, ryunosuke kamiki plays tadashi, the prototypical kid who starts out sort of gullible and sensitive to things in the world, but will become the hero in a world going into darkness. the darkness is from an evil sorcerer, who gets his energy from all of the rage and wretched vibes in the human world, and who is also starting to put to death the spirits and other creatures, the yokhai, into a fire that sends them into gigantic robots that have only one mission- to destroy and kill anything in their paths. tadashi gets as pumped up to fight sato the sorcerer as the yokai once sato's main minion and cohort, agi (kill bill's chiaki kuriyama, another great villainies) steals tadashi's little furry companion, a sunekosuri. soon, things come to a head, in a climax that brings to mind many other fantasy films and stories, but can only be contained, up to a point, by miike and his crew. i would probably recommend the great yokai war for kids, but in the forward note that it's not some watered down fantasy in american circles. this has creatures galore, including a one-eyed umbrella stand, and a walking, talking wall, not to mention a turtle, a fire serpent, and a woman who became cursed by sato. so the variety is on high on that end, and one might almost feel like the creatures and effects- which grows to unfathomable heights when the "festival" hits with the yokai reaching hundreds of miles in scope. but there's also a sense of fantasy being strong in both the light and the dark, and sunekosuri becomes perhaps the greatest emotional tool at miike's disposal (and not just because it's cuteness squared); where else to get an audience riled up than over a little furry ball of fury, who ends up in a tragic battle with tadashi in robot form? yet through all of this, the sense of anarchy that can be found in the brightest spots of miike's career is here as well, which distinguishes it from its animated, muppet and sci-fi counterparts. there's the bizarre humor as usual, including a song dedicated to akuzi beans at a crucial moment in the climax, and more than a few flights of fancy with the creatures and fight scenes (i loved, for example, the guy with the big blue head who has to make it smaller, or the anxious turtle-yokai). the biggest danger with miike's access to bigger special effects and computer wizardry, which he flirts with, is overkill on this end. he's got everything down, i'm sure, with storyboards, and he creates some memorable impressions with some compositions (one of them is when all is said and done, and tadashi and the 'other' human character are in the middle of the tokyo rubble in an overhead shot), but the cgi is sometimes a little unconvincing with the robots, and the interplay skirts on being too flamboyant, and some visuals, like the overlay of the yokai spreading the word about the big festival on the map, just seem weak and pat. i almost wondered if miike might dip into (bad) spy kids territory, quite frankly.but this liability aside, the great yokai war provides more than a share of excitement, goofy thrills, and innocent melodrama that came with many of the best childhood fantasies. it owes a lot to cinema, as well as traditional japanese folklore, but the screws are always turning even in its most ludicrous and veeringly confusing beats. it's not the filmmaker at his very best, but working in experimentation in a commercial medium ends up working to his advantage. it's got a neat little message, and lots of cool adventure. 7.5/10

a lot people get hung up on this films tag as a "children's film", and that it certainly is, though it is one made for adults. takashi miike uses the fantasy genre, particularly, the children's fantasy genre, as a springboard into the wild territory that is the great yokai war.the setup is simple a boy is selected to play the "hero" in this years annual festival, only to discover his role is much more real than he could have imagined. what follows is a hallucinatory, grotesque, whimsical, and often funny journey through the world of japanese folklore, but wait there's also an evil villain on the lose who wants to destroy the world. however, the villain here, is not a mere demon, it is the demon-spirit of the accumulated resentment of those things which humans "use" and "discard". usuing a chamber made out of pure liquid hate/resentment, the villain transforms the vibrant colorful yokai spirits into soulless ten foot tall makeshift robots which chainsaw for arms and eyes like burning coals(those whove played the video game, sonic the hedghog, might remember a certain dr. robotnik performing similar procedures to the cute and cuddly's who sonic had to then "liberate").the hero in this film is actually the least interesting character, essentially playing the straight man, in a world gone suddenly mad. though he does go through the typical heroes trials he more often than not cowers, as do many of the yokia themselves, who seem truly defenseless against the murderous robots, some spirits being umbrellas with eyes, talking walls, or creatures whose soul purpose in life is to count beans...of course in this magical world of miike's yokai war even beans take a magical power when one believes in them.in several ways this film subverts the normal conventions of children's fantasy, as few, if any, of the characters are heroic, their victory being a combination of happenstance, almost arbitrary faith, and a desire to party. the yokai spirits, only rally together and lay siege the villains hideout, after they mistake the end of the world invasion of earth for a great yokai festival, and even then only to dance and party. also the film ends not with the usual celebratory all's well that ends well fantasy ending, but with a final scene, showing our hero years older, with an adult job, now unable to see the yokai spirits of his youth, who then despondently turn to the villain, who being a spirit can never really die. this ending, with it's yokai spirit who is the spitting image of pokemon's pikachu, warns us not just of leaving behind our childhood selves, but of the horrors of over-consumption. the villain is resentment caused when humans no longer have reverence for the world and the objects around them(in japanese folklore nearly every object has some kind of spirit), and so when they are used and discarded as we in consumer societies do without reverence, they become soulless vengeful machines, not unlike those seen in modern video games, suggesting that though our imaginations and myths do not ever really die, but can become deformed.this is one of the first scripts miike has contributed to, and i believe it shows, as there's a tightness conceptually that sometimes gets swept under the rug by his exuberance for visual playfulness. though i've focused mostly on the story (since lots of users here seem to write it off), i do want to say that visually it's a kaleidescope of cgi, stop animation, costume, and live puppetry, that works remarkably well. there's a dreamlike quality to a lot of the film, and the miyazaki comparisons are warranted, as are the neverending story and labrynth comparisons, though this film is sharper and more adult than either. the yokai are beaten, brutalized, and turned into machines of living hate, who i believe even kill a few humans, a deformed aborted calf with a mans face is born and dies in the films grotesque opening, while a sexual undercurrent, the women with the long neck licking the face of our boy hero, or another characters persistent memory of touching the thigh of a young scantily clad water spirit as a boy, seem to linger a bit too long for most western tastes, especially when considering this is a "children's film". however these are slight enough to catch adult attentions while minor enough, not to traumatize any children to bad. grims fairy tales, before revisions, did much worse, far more often.all and all this is one of miikes most accessible and engaging ventures yet, with enough visual drama and great performances(the yokai spirits have a humanism and an absurd humor to them, thats laugh out loud funny at times) to appeal to audiences of all ages, and a steady conceptual undercurrent strong enough to draw in an adult audience who have presumably brought their children or else come out of a sense of nostalgia for the long lost fantasy films of their youth. the latter group the film seems to address the most fervently asking that they not just continue passive consumption of the world around them, but show reverence to those spirits within them which seemed so much closer to reality in childhood. another beautiful, funny, and truly original film from a thrilling director who hasn't come close to his apex. instant classic.

miike makes a children's adventure film, not unlike the neverending story. it's actually one of my least favorite of the director's films. even the worst miike is better than a good many films, though, and the great yokai war has a lot in it that's worth recommending. it's at least as loud and obnoxious as most american kiddie flicks. i might think kids themselves would find a lot to like in it (the dvd includes an english dub), but, like all of miike's films, it can tend to move very slowly. that means you've got kind of a weird unevenness, where sometimes there's a loud action sequence and the next scene will drag on forever as characters converse. the story itself isn't very good, either, and miike's perpetual flaw of incoherency rears its ugly head. most of what i liked came from the technical side of things. this has to be miike's most expensive movie, and it looks fantastic. "yokai" are japanese spirits, and they come in all different, fantastical forms, and the costume designers, special effects crew, and everyone else involved in the designs just did an outstanding job. i've seen the 1968 film this one is supposedly based on (yokai monsters: spook warfare), and the cheesy rubber-suit monsters you can find there have been transformed into more believable entities using state-of-the-art makeup and special effects. i especially liked the look of one of the bad guys (or girls, in this case), agi, who sports dark eye shadow, a tight, white outfit, a white beehive hairdo and a whip. she's played, incidentally, by chiaki kuriyama, whom you might remember as lucy liu's teenage henchgirl in kill bill: vol. 1. the hero of the film is played by ryunosuke kamiki, who provided voices for miyazaki's spirited away and howl's moving castle.

now, i have seen a lot of movies in my day, but out of every single one there have been a very select few that have been really good to me. and i'm a 19 year old man which is impressed by this movie directed towards a younger audience. this is a very underrated gem for those who watch foreign movies. almost all the acting is believable, the graphics are decent (for which you won't even be caring about as you watch the movie. trust me, bitching about the graphics would be a stupid thing to do), the story is well written and it's a movie that everyone can enjoy not just the kids.here's basically what this movie made me to. it one, made me laugh...a lot, two, made me feel for the characters like you're suppose to, and three, it's a very uplifting story. by the end of this movie you will feel good. sure, what anime out there hasn't featured some young kid turning into a great warrior and whatever to defeat some great evil. it's a formula that is used a lot. but, in this case it is forgivable because even though they use puppets for some characters and some average graphics you'd see 5 years ago, the appearance of it is not to be judged. it's very touching, the ending is original, and it keeps you into the movie like it is suppose to. if you however try comparing this to other movies like "the never-ending story" or whatever it will diverse your opinion. watch it as it is and you will enjoy it.it has been a good long while since i've been impressed like this. the only other movie where i have gotten this feeling is when i saw tmnt way back when it came out. there is something about this movie i felt about tmnt that really made me love it. so don't over-analyze or take this movie too seriously, just enjoy it.

this film is a bit reminiscent of the german film, the neverending story because a child is magically transported to a strange land in order to be a hero. however, due to far superior modern technology, puppets and cgi are used to make an amazingly realistic looking world--one that will blow your socks off due to its realism and scope.i enjoyed this film, but boy was it a chore at first! unfortunately, for most westerners, this film is one you might give up on very quickly or dismiss it since everything in the film seems so odd. however, give it a chance. don't think or try to understand everything you see--just allow the story to unfold and you will most likely enjoy the film.in many ways, this is exactly the sort of advice i'd give to adults who watch miyazaki's spirited away because it is very similar and features tons of yokai (japanese mythical spirits). the big differences between the two is that the great yokai war is live-action and spirited away is much more child-friendly. while i do think the great yokai war was intended mostly as a kids' movie, in the usa, most parents would not want to show this to younger kids because it's so violent, scary and features some adult behaviors. so who is the audience in the west? well, older kids and adults who appreciate foreign films with non-western themes and composition. this is a rather narrow audience, indeed! while you are watching, look for all the strange little touches. in fact, you could watch the film dozens of times and notice different tiny things each time. a few of the funny references i liked were the comment about gamera, the scene that came with the comment "kids: don't try this at home" as well as the use of kirin beer to allow a person to actually see the yokai (hmm,...perhaps that scene should have also contained this warning)! by the way, director takashi miike is a hard one to pin down stylistically, other than to say that none of his stories i've seen have seemed "normal". some of his films are rather disgusting and disturbing and i hated them (especially audition and ichi the killer)whereas some of them are magical and among the best films i've ever seen (the happiness of the katakuris). one thing for sure, it's hard to watch one of his films and not have a strong reaction one way or the other.

wow! so much fun! probably a bit much for normal american kids, and really it's a stretch to call this a kid's film, this movie reminded me a quite a bit of time bandits - very terry gilliam all the way through. while the overall narrative is pretty much straight forward, miike still throws in a lot of surreal and bunuel-esquire moments. the whole first act violently juxtaposes from scene to scene the normal family life of the main kid/hero, with the spirit world and the evil than is ensuing therein. and while the ending does have a bit of an ambiguous aspect that are common of miike's work, the layers of meaning and metaphor, particularly the anti-war / anti-revenge message of human folly, is pretty damn poignant. as manic and imaginatively fun as other great miike films, only instead of over the top torture and gore, he gives us an endless amount of monsters and yokai from japanese folk-lore creatively conceived via cg and puppetry wrapped into an imaginative multi-faceted adventure. f'n rad, and one of miike's best!

wow! so much fun! probably a bit much for normal american kids, and really it's a stretch to call this a kid's film, this movie reminded me a quite a bit of time bandits - very terry gilliam all the way through. while the overall narrative is pretty much straight forward, miike still throws in a lot of surreal and bunuel-esquire moments. the whole first act violently juxtaposes from scene to scene the normal family life of the main kid/hero, with the spirit world and the evil than is ensuing therein. and while the ending does have a bit of an ambiguous aspect that are common of miike's work, the layers of meaning and metaphor, particularly the anti-war / anti-revenge message of human folly, is pretty damn poignant. as manic and imaginatively fun as other great miike films, only instead of over the top torture and gore, he gives us an endless amount of monsters and yokai from japanese folk-lore creatively conceived via cg and puppetry wrapped into an imaginative multi-faceted adventure. f'n rad, and one of miike's best!

one of director miike takashi's very best. it's so good it's difficult to put into words. at nearly fifteen years older than the target audience it thrilled me from beginning to end.it recalls similar children's films from the 1980s in the sense that (unlike today) those films weren't afraid to scare - there's a lot of nasty detail here that i initially found jarring but soon realised it's nothing different to what i grew up on. the film is a compilation of '80s kid's films conventions. you name it, it's there: a young boy hero thrust from his own unhappy/dysfunctional world into another, inhabited by mythical and mystical goblins; a quest to save both worlds from an evil force; a beautiful heroine he has a crush on; a sadistic henchwoman (go-go yubari from kill bill vol. 1); a lead villain who draws his evil power from something everyone in the world can relate to. but all these genre conventions are given a fresh spin and added depth.one of the imdb reviews begins "where was this film when i was a kid?" and it's a sentiment i agree with wholeheartedly. even while watching it i lamented the fact that i hadn't grown up on it; that it wasn't a part of my childhood like labyrinth, masters of the universe and, to a much lesser extent, the neverending story. those films, and others like the goonies are recalled but never copied - miike relentlessly offering us a new take on things.poor cgi is a staple of many of his films, sometimes due to budgetary limitations but just as frequently an artistic choice - a desire to present things in an outlandish way. here the cgi is mostly average, solely due to budgetary limitations, but nevertheless he does a fantastic job of putting on a spectacle. the cg effects combine with traditional puppets, animatronics and truly extraordinary make-up to create a world filled with rich characters (and characterisation) that frequently borders on the visionary.this ranks as one of the greatest children's films ever made. not for younger or more sensitive kids though.just jaw-droppingly wonderful. see it for yourselves and if you think your kids can handle/appreciate it then show it to them. let them grow up on the great yokai war as some small compensation for the fact you couldn't.

also known as the big spook war. the great yokai war is miike's attempt at a family film and damn fine job he does as well. the problem is that i can't imagine many parents wanting to subject their children to this movie. the best kids movies are the ones that are scary or have mildly disturbing imagery, neverending story and return to oz spring to mind, but in the case of the great yokai war miike probably takes things a little too far. in fact at the screening i was at the person introducing the movie reiterated to the two families there that it was probably not very suitable.the film kicks off with the young hero of the piece introducing himself and explaining about his current family problems. this brief moment of mundanity is sharply broken as a cow gives birth to a calf with the face of a human whom screams that something horrendous is coming before falling dead like the abomination it is (it is quite possible that the sheer hideousness of the creature is some bizarre quato homage).following an incredible introduction for main baddie kato, and his henchwoman agi (a surprisingly attractive chiaki kuriyami), by way of an apocalyptic army raising. the story reverts to normal for a while, but it doesn't take long before any and all logic goes down the drain and the young boy teams up with a group of miyazaki rejects to take out the evil sorcerer.the plot of the movie is fairly basic and surprisingly hackneyed at times, the entire chosen one just seems completely out of place in a movie which so regularly breaks clichés, but is aided by a simple awe inspiring vision of a magical world. this really is a miyazaki movie made into a live action movie, albeit a much seedier and more vicious than usual miyazaki movie.the film is simply a joy to look at the designs of the yokai is colourful, and largely practical, while the evil robotic monstrosities while not displaying the best cgi in the world have a practicality and menace to them which gives them far more of a palpable threat than you would imagine.the cast is uniformly excellent, they just make their characters seem perfectly natural which is commendable when you consider that most of them are in full body makeup or latex suits. even agi lumbered with a ridiculous beehive comes across as sultry and deadly thanks to surprisingly excellent acting from kuriyami.while the film does have many elements which put it firmly into family movie territory; cute creatures, junior heroes, a thoroughly evil villain, a sense of mischief and adventure, and a telling lack of violence. there are elements which make you question whether miike should have directed such a movie.the robot army is a genuinely terrifying menace everyday items warped into monstrous beasts that look like t-101 sans skin and with added chainsaws. these beasts rip characters to pieces; suck creatures into their blood stained mouths, and abduct children from their homes by swiping them right from under their parent's nose before indulging in a little patricide.the creation of the creature is equally arduous for young minds. the yokai, essentially the heroes, are feed into a giant furnace full of a liquidised form of hate which corrodes the yokai's flesh and forces their angry souls to possess lumps of metal. if kids thought smouldering anakin was bad wait til they see a man sized hedgehog burning to death in a vat of molten hatred for a minute before being turned into an abomination of a motorcycle. there is also limb severing, in one case a severed hand twitches in front of the camera dripping with blood, a fair amount of sexual energy (agi wears one dress designed specifically for fan service and seems to only have sleeping with kato as motivation, while the princess of the rivers wears next to nothing and gets her thighs groped by the young hero in several scenes), and general humour which will go right over the heads of those that this technicolour wonder was seemingly designed for.spoilers an example of this being that the yokai only become interested in the final battle when they think it is a big party. the subsequent battle more of a festival than anything, complete with beer, crowd surfing and moshing. also a scene where agi beats the tar out of a cute furry creature seems designed to appeal to the masses jaded by pokemon overkill.end spoilers at the end of the day the great yokai war is easily on of miike's stronger recent films. while it lacks some of the perverse charm of say gozu or ichi it is just continually pushing the audience down a road of general insanity. in fact this is easily miike's most deranged movie in that he embraces the sheer magic of the subject so wholeheartedly.well worth a watch just for the occasional flash of gogo arse.

takashi miike's incursion into kiddie territory won me over almost immediately because he demonstrates nerve and bravery in dealing with fantasy elements. this is a fairy tale that dares to be dark. even as a kid, i thought that there was something sinister about most fairy tales; horrible things happen to people in most children's books. miike understands that these classic tales are a bit scarier (and more disturbing) than what they appear to be at first glance. the filmmaker takes the archetypical story of a kid on a wondrous quest out of the preschool classroom. he accentuates the very real fears of a world filled with never-ending hazardous missions. westerners like to downplay the seriousness behind bedtime stories written specifically for kids. i appreciated the fact that miike was more honest than most american filmmakers. he goes for the jugular of the story but he also shows signs of restrain. but a self-possessed miike is still stranger than most filmmakers. i thought it was a great film. highly recommended.

where was this film when i was a kid? after his parents split up tadashi moves with his mom to live his his grandfather. tadashi's sister stays with their dad and they talk frequently on the phone. grandfather is only "here" every third day. moms never really home. the kids always are picking on the poor kid. during a village festival tadashi is chosen the "kirin rider" or spiritual champion of the peace and justice. little does he suspect that soon he will have to actually step into role of hero as the forces of darkness join up with the rage of things discarded in a plot to destroy mankind and the spiritual world.okay that was the easy part. now comes the hard part, trying to explain the film.this is a great kids film. no this is a great film,flawed, (very flawed?) but a great film none the less. it unfolds like all of those great books you loved as a kid and is just as dense at times as tadashi struggles to find the strength to become a hero. watching it i felt i was reading a great book, and thought how huge this would have been if it was a book. i loved that the film does not follow a normal path. things often happen out of happenstance or through miscommunication, one character gets sucked into events simply because his foot falls asleep. there are twists and turns and moments that seem like non sequiters and are all the more charming for it (which is typical miike) certainly its a takashi miike film. that japanese master of film is clearly in charge of a film that often touching, scary and funny all at the same time. no one except miike seems to understand that you can have many emotions at the same time, or that you can suddenly have twists as things get dark one second and then funny the next. i admire the fact that miike has made a film that is bleak and hopeful, that doesn't shy away from being scary, i mean really scary, especially for kids. this is the same dark territory that should be in the harry potter movies but rarely is. this a dark grimms tale with humor. my first reaction upon seeing the opening image was that i couldn't believe anyone would begin a kids film with a picture of the end of the world, then i realized who was making the movie. hats off to miike for making a movie that knows kids can handle the frightening images.its also operating on more than one level. the mechanical monsters that the bad guys make are forged from mankind's discarded junk. its the rage of being thrown away that fuels the monsters.one of the yokai (spirits) talks about the rage sneakers thrown away because they are dirty or too small feels when they are tossed. you also have one of the good guys refusing to join the bad guys because that would be the human thing to do. its a wild concept, but like other things floating around its what lifts this movie to another level. (there are a good many riffs and references to other movies,tv shows and novels that make me wonder who this film is for since kids may not understand them, though many parents will) and of course there are the monsters. they run the gamut from cheesy to spectacular with stops everywhere in between. frankly you have to forgive the unevenness of their creation simply because they are has to be hundreds if not thousands of monsters on screen. its way cool and it works. one of the main characters is a yokai which i think is best described as a hamster in a tunic and is often played by a stuffed animal, it looks dumb and yet you will be cheering the little bugger and loving every moment he rides on tadashi's head. (acceptance is also easier if you've ever seen the old woodcuts of the weird japanese monsters) i mentioned flaws, and there are a few. the effects are uneven, some of the sudden turns are a bit odd (even if understandable) and a few other minor things which are fading now some two hours after watching the film.. none of them truly hurt the film over all, however most kind of keep you from being completely happy with the movie.i really loved this movie. i'm pretty sure that if i saw this as a kid it would have been my favorite film of all time. (where's the english dub?).see this movie. its a great trip. (besides its a good introduction to the films of miike minus the blood and graphic sex)

the plot is real horrific, the atmosphere really depressive, unusual for a low-budget production like that, and at least, for a german production. a little bit of indian spirituality, mystic thriller and slasher movie mixed together. the development of plot and characters are great, the sets very close to reality, without any studio-atmosphere. it could be perfect, but at unfortunately some things were a little bit disappointing, what don't inevitably have to be typically for low-budget movies:1.) the cast sometimes is not more than average. almost every actor look like a layman. some of them do a good, or a very good job, but some are acting like the actors of crappy german court-shows! but i was very, very disappointed of the acting of mathieu carrière! his acting ( in a lots of of his older movies his acting was fine ) here was below-average! but that could be the reason, why he today takes part in crappy german soaps or tv-series on private channels.2.) the dialogs are sometimes on soap-opera-level. 3.) the bad sound made it sometimes very hard to understand, what the characters are saying. i saw it on dvd and was glad to could rewind and to listen it again. it caused by the set ( big halls as in the hospital or with the esoterically group ) and sometimes the strange dialects of the actors!but all in all, it is an interesting movie, worth to watch it, far beyond the commercially movies, which are often more terrible.

this movie has its ups and downs, but to me the good stuff in this movie very much outweighs the bads...what's not so good about the movie are indeed sometimes the dialogue, the sounds, the lighting(am i the only one who noticed the way the sets were lighted was amateur, and the acting....what is very good are the highly original storyline, the very intense atmosphere, the gore factor which is very high, and the effects which are done supremely.so, definitely worth watching, or maybe even a must-see for all you horror and gore fans....

tears of kali is an original yet flawed horror film that delves into the doings of a cult group in india comprised of german psychologists who have learned how to control their wills and their bodies to the point that they can cause others to be "healed" through radical techniques (that can trigger nightmarish hallucinations and physical pain and torture) to release the pent-up demons inside them.the film is shown as a series of vignettes about the taylor-eriksson group--the above-mentioned cult group. the first segment is somewhat slower than the rest but serves fine to set up the premise for the rest of the film. the rest of it plays out like a mindf@ck film with some of the key staples thrown in the mix (full-frontal nudity, some gore) to keep you happy.i say check this out. may not be spectacular, but it's concept is pretty neato and it delivers in the right spots. 8/10.

its taken a few viewings for me to really wrap myself around this one, but for me tears of kali is one of the horror highlights of the 00's and as far as independent horror goes a veritable masterpiece. an anthology horror, it takes on the story of the fictional taylor-eriksson group, a cult of sorts based in india whose members set out in search of ultimate self knowledge and healing of the psyche, with unpleasant results that echo down the years. with bookend segments set in india the film is made chiefly of three stories set in germany, illustrating the aftermath of the work of the taylor-eriksson group, with some pretty nasty gore at times. its an interesting set up as these things go, but what sets this film apart is the way the imagery is so carefully set up to develop the films horror. bad things have been unleashed and the general course of the film is a look at how the quest for self knowledge and ultimate therapy brings horror to patients, healers and others and the film is loaded with smart visual clues to the power of the dark forces with which it deals, dark forces unbound by time, place or even personality. good examples of this are found in the first story especially, dealing with a journalist interviewing a lady in a mental hospital. previous to this story we have seen lars eriksson and notably his wonky (lazy?) eye, we also see him healing or at least comforting a patient. the lady mental patient of the first story is seen in the same stance as eriksson healing a fellow patient, also as she wraps up the canvases from the art class that she runs among her fellow patients one of their pictures is seen, a face with lazy eye like erikssons. there are also references to folk in minuscule roles, extras and walk ons having extra sensory perceptions of what is going on in the film, showing the badness that has been unleashed spreading and able to almost infect others. there is more to the film philosophically than just evil within, it is a film about death, suffering and possible redemption too all bound in a structure derived from hindu beliefs in a fashion that seems like it might just be exploitation but has more relation to actual beliefs than one might expect (at least from the research that i did on wikipedia). writer/director andreas marschall definitely deserves some significant credit for his skill in constructing the film. as well as being thoughtful, the film is pretty chilling too, the soundtrack of bharti india and panama john has a great eerie piano jingle and there are a couple of notable performances, michael balaun as a sinister doctor and cora chilcot as a freaky patient especially good. the third story also has a fine turn from veteran mathieu carrière as a faith healer. the biggest problem of the film is that it is not that involving a lot of the time so potential for fear is lost but these and a couple of other performances achieve involvement pretty well. so, the film isn't quite as gripping as it might be, the acting occasionally off and the pacing too, but mostly i thought it was pretty great, if a shade short of its possible brilliance. well worth a look for adventurous horror fans i think.

one of the best low budget movies from germany! is this is the dark side of new age? if you believe in esoteric, please don't watch this movie! it blows all your positive fantasies away. this movie shows that beyond the peaceful façade of spiritual soul searching lies a world of extreme transgressions and terror. i hope there will be a 35 mm copy soon! andreas marschall's first film is just the beginning of a new area, making movies with a few euros! i'm waiting for the second hit!

this is a trio of tales, "shakti", "devi", and "kali", about an experimental commune (or some such thing) called the taylor-eriksson group, which took people on journeys inside themselves and into the realm of the unknown, and left a bit of damage here and there, i'd say. many years later some of that damage is still lurking and waiting for the right moment to show itself. shakti tells the tale of a woman whose husband died mysteriously, in fact, he was torn apart, and the suspect was a man that may not have existed. seems this woman is able to project some inner demon, or so finds out the sister of the man who was killed when she attempts to talk to this woman while posing as a reporter. devi tells the tale of a young man who wants to "jump out of his skin". he's a skinhead, a speed freak, and is sent to see a psychiatrist who just happens to be a former member of this commune, which results in the good doctor helping the young man to realize his desire. this is probably the best of the three segments. kali tells the tale of a healer, who attempts to "heal" this woman who was a part of this commune and lets loose some kind of demon that has lived in this woman, but one wonders if he did it or if she loosed it because it could not survive in her any longer. all three of these tales are pretty creepy and suspenseful because you're never really sure what to expect, and the premise and the settings are so unlike those of conventional horror films that it adds to the strangeness. this has a sort of low-budget look and feel to it but it also manages to conjure up a pretty creepy atmosphere throughout, much to its credit. i watched this with my mouth hanging open a good portion of the time and when the real scares (and gore) came it hit pretty hard. i found this to be a very interesting and disturbing film and liked it a lot. a good little find, this one, i'd give it 8 out of 10.

three horror stories based on members of a transgressive hindu cult that return home but changed in some way. in the first story our former cult member is now in an insane asylum and is visited by a reported who wants to find out about what went on at the cult. somewhat slow going as story is told in flashbacks while the two sit on chairs and face each other. reporter is particularly interested in what lead to the death of the participants. what seemed rather boring suddenly turns very exciting with a surprising twist in the story. things get quite bloody.second story has a violent young criminal visiting a psychiatrist for mandatory therapy. the patient seems to have some type of agenda but the psychiatrist is up to the task. again, things slow down a bit and get weird. then there's a strange twist in the story that is very well written and surprising.final story deals with spiritual healer who claims to be able to remove the persons illness from them with his hands. one of the patients is a former cult member, so the successful healing gets more complicated. again, we are surprised by a twist. has a pretty gory scene in there.there some nice female full frontal nudity as well as male full frontal nudity for some reason. i found the stories to be very well written and the director succeeds entirely in setting up each story with its surprising twist and the gory aftermath.note: review of the german dvd.

billed as takashi miike's "first family film" - by people who haven't seen zebraman, presumably. yokai daisenso takes things even further in the direction of family-friendliness, diluting the darkness and cynicism to create a grand fantasy fairy tale. a young boy is chosen by fate to save the world from monsters and horrors of which they remain largely unaware. the film is evidently bigger budget than anything else miike has done, with lots of cgi to create fantasy world populated by odd creatures (the yokai). perhaps the lack of extreme content is a consequence of more nervous investors, but i think it's probably just that he wanted to do something different. he's really never been a one-trick pony, but often gets accused of it - perhaps yokai is designed to silence those critics. regardless, it's a great project for miike to channel his boundless imagination and invention into.there's a very cartoonish feel to the production, evoking thoughts of miyazaki in places. the yokai are based on an old series of comics that were in turned based on japanese folk tales, which certainly influenced miyazaki as well (particularly spirited away). it must remembered that miike has nothing like the budget of a harry potter film to work with, so the special effects aren't going to be seamless hollywood style work - some blue-screening is especially obvious. some of the special effects are great though, with some very well animated creatures (a mix of cg, stop-motion and puppetry). i think the little sock-puppet that follows the hero around for much of the film was *meant* to look really cheap, and is all the cuter for it :) the young lad who plays the hero of the film does a really good job - it's so hard to find a pre-teen who actually understands the concept of acting, but 9 year old ryunosuke kamiki is a genuine talent (i see he did voices in the last 2 miyazaki films!). chiaki kuriyama is delicious as the villainess of the piece, though mai takahashi made an even greater impression as the pixie-eared river princess - yum yum! those looking for another violent, perverted gangster film aren't going to find what they're looking for in yokai, but if you're a fan of miike because of his imagination and wit, there's plenty to satisfy here. and it has the added bonus that you can happily put it on whatever company you've got :)

i saw this movie on the bifff festival in brussel, spring 2004. what a surprise! this german production, a stylish and imaginative shocker, is one of the scariest flic i have seen. be warned: this is not a joke! this terrorizer has a big cast of good actors (as an example:peter martell as a european guru has a strong presence), excellent direction, nice production design, a very good soundtrack and a lot of heavy gore sfx like italian horror movies in the eighties. flesh ripped clean to the bone...and the blood runs red ...this savage heart stopper will grip you...and give you some dark dreams ... a must-see!!

i had initially heard of tears of kali a while back and it sounded like something i'd be into, but with all the films i have coming in on a regular basis, it kinda fell off my radar. while roaming around the local wonderbook...i spotted the box for this one and grabbed it up. i have to say i'm pretty glad i did. tears of kali is a strange, gory, sometimes downright creepy film which is somewhat constrained by it's obviously low budget - but is still an entertaining and worthwhile watch.tears of kali centers around the fictional india-based taylor-erikkson cult group, that practices meditation and other rituals in the pursuit of facing and banishing the individual's "inner demons" - but apparently these techniques work either all too well or not well enough (depending on your viewpoint...) as dark forces are not only exorcised, but also unleashed upon hapless victims.the film is told "anthology-style", with a short but memorable and "eye-opening" intro sequence, and then proceeding into the three stories that make up the bulk of the film.the first (shakti) is about a journalist who visits one of the cult-members who is being held at a mental hospital. the journalist goes in under cover of wanting to research the taylor-erikkson cult, but we find that her true motives may hit a little closer to home. when the interview takes a violent turn, the journalist finds that she may have gotten in over her head...the second part (devi) concerns a violent young man who is sentenced to psychological rehab in lieu of a prison sentence for beating a young man into a coma. we find that the treating doctor in question is actually a taylor-erikkson "alumni", and his rehabilitation methods are far from the norm...the closing story (kali) revolves around a quack "faith-healer" and his assistant who perform "miracles" for a fee. when the healer unwittingly helps one of his clients and actually expels a force which had been possessing her, the demon is now free to roam and looking for a new host...i gotta say i really enjoyed tears of kali. there are some faults with the film that keep it from being truly excellent - but it is an original and ambitious film for what it is. my biggest gripe with the production is the poor and uninspired over-dubbed dialogue. the dubbing is sub-par and i would have much preferred to have a subtitled option with the original language track. some reviewers have said the acting is poor, which i don't necessarily agree with. i think that the dubbing is so lack-luster that it makes the performances seem stunted, which isn't really the case. in fact, a few of the performances are pretty damn chilling (the "doctor" in the second segment, and the "client" in the third readily come to mind...) and notable. the gore fx are very well done for a low-budget film, with some graphic scenes of eyelid-removal-via-cuticle-scissors, a pencil-in-the-throat-suicide, some decent (but irritatingly "shaky") self-flaying, and a few other goodies thrown in for good measure. not as rough as some of the more "extreme" gore films out there, but definitely stronger than your average horror fare. i also found the story concerning the cult-group to be intriguing and a welcome change to the typical horror-story nonsense. there are plenty of scenes of genuine atmosphere and tension, the likes of which i haven't come across in a while. although flawed in some fundamental ways, i still think tears of kali will appeal to most "underground" horror viewers - some scenes may prove too much for the more mainstream viewer. definitely recommended - 8.5/10

i saw this movie when i was a little girl. and i have enjoyed it every time. sure the graphics are a little cheesy, compared to now, but back in the 70's it was great. i saw it in the original spanish version only and thought it was wonderful. that was how i remember my christmases were with my family - magical. santa claus was amazing and i couldn't wait for him to come back each year.if you have a child/children and speak spanish, bring them up watching this old fashioned version of "santa claus". it's a different version than we are used to today, but who says there is one way?it's a fun movie to watch. it teaches children good vs. bad. i don't know how the english subtitled version is or if there is an english one of this, but the spanish is the best. enjoy and happy holidays! feliz navidad!

just get it. the dvd is cheap and easy to come by, the length is now standard and you've gone long enough without it. (when home video started, there were at least three versions with parts missing..) everything you've read is true. there is no defending it, and no living without it. the color is lush and wonderful to look at, and the production values are pretty good for a saturday afternoon kiddie epic. but no question..the whole santa vs. satan angle is so jaw dropping strange it made the movie a hit at the time and a cult fave once home video really got underway. how good/bad/strange/ is it? i only saw the trailer as a kid,and remembered it for nearly 30 years..including murray's over the top voice over..i told my older sister, and she called me a liar and could not believe it was possible for anyone to make a movie where santa vs.satan.. add to it stuff like santa asking for the virgin mary's blessing before setting off on christmas eve, kids wanting to capture him and make him their slave..and an international kiddie sweat shop..and it probably comes close to a lot of nightmares kids had in the 60's.. like others here, i watch the thing every holiday season now. (my version of choice is the mystery science theatre 3000 edition). but any old way you choose it, the movie is a demented masterpiece and a total must (along with brianiac, by the way..).it never fails to make me laugh. better, i think, then santa claus conquers the martians. parts of it can still make you cringe or just creep you out.(how many parents do you know go out for cocktails on christmas eve? "if you get bored, just go downstairs and play the piano." dang..) freaky, boring, disturbing, funny, childish, strange..hey, what more can you want?

perfect for families with small children who are looking for lighthearted films that contain no violence and are enthralling for the child and amusing, albeit, completely corny, to adults. not a bad film for a low-budget job. children will be amazed with santa's workshop and the "magic" that enables him to enter homes through chimneys that appear too small, or homes that have no chimneys at all!kids will thrill over the santa's success at thwarting the nasty devil named pitch (complete in classic red outfit with horns and tail!). they will sympathize with the poor little girl who's greatest wish is to have a little doll to love. and the poor little rich boy who only wishes to spend time with his forever absent parents. and what child does not know someone at school who are just like the nasty boys that are enlisted by pitch to help capture santa and ruin christmas? in the end, everyone, including the nasty boys, get just what they deserve for christmas!the film will endear children to both santa and the message of love he delivers to people throughout the world.

i saw this movie when mystery science theater ran it in 1993. it is the worst thing i've ever seen. so bad in fact, that by sheer freakiness, this movie must get a ten rating because it has to be seen to be believed. whoever wrote this script with children in mind should be beaten. i mean, really, the devil vs. santa? visions of hell? creepy laughing wind-up reindeer? forced child labor with racial stereotypes? it ain't sesame street, that's for sure.as crow exclaims during the mst3k showing, "this is good ol' fashioned nightmare fuel!" there's plenty of weird innuendo and screwed up theology. merlin (presumably the arthurian merlin) hangs out with santa in his crazy castle in the clouds (i.e. heaven). santa talks about baby jesus and sends letters to "mr. stork" for children who ask for siblings. there are symbols around the castle that either look like pentagrams or raf stars. my best friend and i have watch it every year since 1993 and we subject anybody we can hold down for 2 hours to watch it with us.

there are some things i will never understand; why underwear comes in packs of threes when clearly thats not enough is an example. similarly, i will never understand this film, and that is brilliant. if you approach this film expecting an actual movie, you might as well be approaching satan expecting a hug; although that may well be possible if you greet this film's satanic figures. take pitch for instance; the most ineffectual, camp, unhellish portrayal of a devil since freddy mercury and wayne sleep joined forces to create a ten foot satan costume from red body paint and horns covered with condoms. however, it does create some of the most hilarious moments of any film ever. seriously, this is no understatement. the same can be applied to every other character, bar the little girl who acts so sickly innocent she's probably overcompensating for some serious crime she's part of. then again, if santa's inter-space recon station is real, there is no chance she could have avoided him this long. put simply, if you haven't seen this movie, you cannot consider yourself a serious buff. the achingly funny characterisation, acting, concept, and almost-under-the-radar racism makes this a must see above any film to date (if you're after pure laughter that is).

my mother took me to see this film as a child and i long to see it every year as i do all of my other christmas favorites. what i remember most was the silly devil and santa looking through his telescope. i waited and looked through the t.v. guide each year after that to see when it would be shown. i would usually find it playing on a saturday afternoon. i only found the movie in english which took something special away from the film and have longed to find a copy of it in spanish. i hold this film dear to my heart and have never suffered from nightmares as others might suggest. yes, it is a different film about santa claus and that is what makes it special and unique. i can't wait to get a copy of this film and watch it with my children as i explain to them my favorite parts and memories!!

shawshank, godfather, pulp fiction... all good films. great films. but nothing, and i mean nothing lives up to the greatest christmas movie of all, santa claus.the film is so great and has so many messages, i cried while watching it. seriously, this is one of those movies you need to watch 10 times. when we see pitch get told he will have to eat ice cream, we see the sadness in his eyes, and we feel the deep sorrow, and then we wonder... what is so bad about this ice cream? is it implying that we as humans are treating ice cream as good when all it does is make us evil? think movie makes you think.this movie has the best rendition of santa claus ever. unlike other santas, he is a normal person. we see him imprisoning children and spying on kids dreams, and we wonder; is the santa we believe in really that good? also, this santa actually mentions christ, the whole meaning behind christmas.you owe yourself to watch this cinematic masterpiece. we should just stop making movies and air nothing but this epic 24/7. whether it's christmas or not, this movie gets a 500/10. whoever says this movie is bad is an ignorant fool.

brilliant use of overstated technicolor illustrates the optimistic extremes of present day christmas ceremonies. the voyeuristic element during the scenes (santa & pedro summarize society's behavior peering through a telescope) is unique (and obviously jean-luc godard, although he was subtle, stole this theme in his film "pierrot le-fou"). highly recommended!

