we have to remember that the 50's were practically a blank slate when it came to movies. hollywood was in transition from patriotic war movies, noir, two reel oaters, etc to movies with a message. we had blackboard jungle, on the waterfront and so on. some folks might think that was an improvement. i don't. who was the mogul who said: if you want to send a message, call western union? he was right. these psychological thrillers are less entertainment than some kind of remote therapy.this one is a pip. it's about three sisters trying to wrest control of their dead father's estate. one of them, maybe the only one worth redemption enlists the aid of the company pilot to help her keep the rest of the family at bay. he's initially in it for the bucks, but eventually falls for her. meanwhile the rest of the family schemes to sabotage the romance. the results are predictable. you get a little bit of everything in this movie. sexual tension between the sisters. a little subtle masochism. hereditary insanity - if there is such a thing. we never get to meet the parents, but they must really have been screwed up the cast is practically unknown. one or two of the actors sound vaguely familiar. the acting is so bad it's hard to believe. it was released under the united artists umbrella by a company called bel-air productions. it was shot in and around la mostly at night and probably without permits. the end was so bizarre that i thought it was a joke. it was as if they ran out of money and the producer decided to wrap it up in the middle of a scene.i can't explain it - not even to myself - but i gave this pile of trash an 8/10. i'm familiar with the term "it's so bad it's good", but i don't think i ever ran into the phenomenon before. well, maybe "hot rods to hell", but this one certainly fits. you might want to try this if you love movies that seem like they were made in somebody's basement.

when a rich tycoon is killed in a plane crash, his spinster twin sister, martha craig (madge kennedy), doesn't believe he grabbed the controls in a suicide dive (even though self-snuff runs in the family) but his three beautiful daughters couldn't care less. the pilot, jim norton (john bromfield), goes to work for valerie craig (kathleen hughes) who soon coerces him into helping her wrest control of the estate from her troubled sister, lorna (sara shane) and the family lawyer (jess barker). valerie wants norton to seduce lorna when he's not fending off the advances of another sister, the nymphet vicki (marla english), but her plans are thrown into a tailspin when norton falls for his prey. all bets are off as a world of woe -including corporate chicanery, seductions, suicides, blackmail, a murder plot, the mann act, double-crosses, disfigurement, and poetic justice- befall "craig manor", an imposing mansion on a bluff overlooking the sea...this preposterous potboiler would have made a perfect second feature for written on the wind, also from 1956. douglas sirk's saga of a powerful (and powerfully dysfunctional) oil clan was said to have inspired the 1980s night-time tv serial dallas but the craig's low-brow excursion into insanity seems right out of it's sinful sister-soap, dynasty. all three siblings (only one of whom is really bad) are great beauties but it's kathleen hughes' cartoon villainy that stands out. valerie is relentless in her quest to inherit the family fortune and her unbridled enthusiasm for evil is one of the movie's many guilty pleasures. teenage sister vicki is quite a piece of work as well, reminiscent of carmen sternwood in the big sleep. when they first meet, she pulls the equivalent of trying to sit on norton's lap while he's still standing by coming on to him with the line "i graduated summa cum laude from embrace-able u." whew!three bad sisters, produced by schlockmeister howard w. koch, is a terrific trash-wallow in exploitation excess and the cast is b-movie heaven: marla "she creature" english, 50s hunk john "revenge of the creature" bromfield (once married to french sexpot corinne calvet), universal starlet sara shane (discovered by hedy lamarr), jess "mr. susan hayward" barker, kathleen "it came from outer space" hughes, and former silent screen star madge kennedy give it all they've got -however much or little that is. future eurotrash star brett halsey (trumpet of the apocalypse) is seen briefly as one of vicki's victims.b-movie rating: 10/10 marla (and her body english) made marvelous movies! three bad sisters was recently seen on the big screen as part of the palm springs film noir festival but the jury's still wiping soap suds out of ...aw hell, it's noir (5/10 on the noirometer).

that hilarious line is typical of what these naughty sisters say. (it's funny on its own terms and pretty funny unintentionally , too.) only two of the sisters are really bad. boy, are they bad, too! one is given to pinup poses and salacious comments where e'er she goes. the other is got up to look like marilyn monroe. she has those sensual, slightly parted lips. and, not to give anything away, she is even more bad than the other.all three sisters are played by starlets. the man who stumbles into their lives is played by john bromfield. he had something of a career.this looks today like possibly the first mainstream soft-core porn ever marketed. well, of course not the first but the raciest at that time.the girls wear as little as possible and let's not forget about the female audience members: bromfield is shown shaving with an electric razor -- whose fetish was this? -- bare-chested. he also is shown sopping wet in a swimsuit.there's a real plot here, too: the girls' family, see, is cursed. they are prone to suicide -- or dramatic deaths that can be made to seem like suicide.the movie is not bad. i truly don't know where it was shown. maybe it was made for drive-ins. somehow, and i could be wrong, i felt that the typical male audience was not the primary target here. the women are scantily dressed. they often resemble lurid covers of mags like police detective or jackets of dime novels.but the guy seems to be the central focus. not everyone in the movie likes him, but all the girls love him. and i think the audience is meant to also.it's lots of fun -- and on its own terms, too.

it seems to be a perfect day for swimming. a normal family wants to gain advantage from it and takes a trip to the beach. unfortunately it happens that the father is trapped under a pier and neither his wife nor the small son is able to help him out of this - whereas the tide is rising. the woman (barbara stanwyck) takes the car and searches for help.john sturges' short movie (69 minutes) is powerful because of unanswered questions. stanwyck finds a guy who could help, but there is a price she has to pay for this. there is a double question the movie poses. how far would you go to help the man that you love, and on the other hand - observing stanwyck's behaviors towards the stranger - does she really love her husband? like a good short story this movie leaves the viewer to himself with questions he can only answer himself.

what a great barbara stanwyck film that i happened to see the other night. "jeopardy" was fantastic. it was made in 1953 and probably for double bills but it kept me on the edge of my seat.barbara stanwyck plays helen, who with husband doug (barry sullivan) and son (lee aaker) drive to an isolated fishing spot in mexico for a vacation. husband has a fall from the jetty and the only way he is to be saved is if barbara drives back to a garage for some rope.while there she runs into a psychotic killer (ralph meeker - one of my favourites) and what follows is a game of cat and mouse as barbara tries everything in her power to get meeker to come back with her to free her husband.the film was so suspenseful and such a surprise - i was not expecting such a great film. but i suppose i should have realized - is there anything barbara stanwyck does that is anything less than wonderful?

jeopardy has the feel of being a stock movie of sorts - one of the movies that the studios pumped out inbetween big budget/box office ones. it's a mere 70 minutes and doesn't feature many sets, and the only star is barbara stanwyck. but what a star, of course. stanwyck is a tough lady once again as she runs into an escaped convict while seeking help for her trapped husband in the mexican desert. the majority of the movie is focused on how she deals with her captor, who wants her to submit to him in exchange for his help. some psychological battling there. it's a surprisingly effective little movie - its short length makes it taut, and that stanwyck is great should go without mention (but i'll still praise her every time).

the only time i have seen this movie was when i was 10 years old. i have remembered it all of these years as i couldn't sleep for a week or more after seeing it. it just absolutely rattled me. i was on vacation with my aunts in ft. worth, texas and i will never forget it. now, 48 years later, my daughter is trying to get a copy of this for me to view as an adult. it has taken a lot of research to find out what movie it was but i always remembered that barbara stanwyck was in it and finally was able to get the name and reviews on it. i very much enjoyed it, but it gave me quite a scare! jaqui

"i like cheap perfume better; it doesn't last as long..." - ralph meeker's convict character (lawson) tells this to barbara stanwyck's helen character, after he gets a whiff of the perfume that she picked out w/her husband in tijuana...! this line cracked me up, and also seemed like a metaphor for this film - that cheap is better than expensive, because a cheap perfume-loving man who has a way with a 2 x 4 is a better man to have around in the long run! i agree with some of the other comments posted about helen's attraction to lawson. even though her narration states that she wants lawson to be put away, she did seem attracted to his fiery nature, and that passion he stirred up in her wouldn't likely wash away with the tide!

i found this movie to be suspenseful almost from the get-go. when miss stanwyck starts her narration it's only a few minutes until you realize that trouble is coming. the deserted area, the lock on the deserted gas station door, everything sets you up to wait for it...here it comes. at first you think it will be about the little boy, but all too soon you start holding your breath watching the tide coming in. i found this movie to be really stressful, even though i had watched it before and was prepared for the denouement. now a movie that can keep you in suspense even when you have seen it before deserves some sort of special rating, maybe a white knuckles award?

jeopardy is a tense, satisying thriller, a cut above a b but not really a major production. it qualifies as almost an experimental film, as the studio that produced it, metro, was desperately looking for new kinds of films, stars and directors to compete with the then new medium of television. the director, john sturges, was an up-and-comer whose best years lay ahead. he had just recently begun directing a level films, and had already proved himself a most capable craftsman. stars barbara stanwyck, barry sullivan and ralph meeker, were at very different phases of their careers. stanwyck's glory years were behind her, and yet she could still carry a film, as she proves here. barry sullivan, as her husband, was one of a dozen or so leading men who got started in films in the forties who never quite achieved the success many had hoped for him. he was a fine, low-key actor, poised, but in an upper middle rather than upper class way, which made him excellent in professional roles. as the escaped convict who is the only person around who can save sullivan's life (he is trapped under a pier, and the tide is rising), ralph meeker is more energetic than usual. this excellent actor had the misfortune of having come to films after brando and clift. he was in his way as good an actor as either of them, but he lacked charisma. his bargaining with stanwyck, which comes down to his demanding sex in exchange for saving her husband (by implication only, as this is 1953), makes for an intriguing premise which, had this been a different kind of film, could all raised all sorts of interesting questions about stanwyck's character. meeker is indeed a more exciting character than sullivan; and in her scenes with him stanwyck is livelier than she is with her husband and son. but as this is a formula picture, not a strindberg play, the possibility that stanwyck might want want to have a fling,--leaving aside the question of her husband's predicament,--remains unexplored. in this sense the incoming tide doesn't quite have the effect one might have wished, though the movie remains tense and highly entertaining thanks to excellent acting, fine location photography, nearly all of it outdoors, and excellent direction by the woefully underrated mr. sturges.

leonard maltin must've been watching some other movie. (though i find his guide to be quite a valuable resource, please disregard his comments on this one.) he states "starts off well then fizzles" when it's really the reverse - "starts off tepid then catches fire". the plot is about as simple as it gets. happy mom, happy dad and happy son take a vacation at an isolated beach, dad incapacitated in accident, mom runs off to get help, meets up with dangerous escaped convict. mom tries to trick convict into helping while dad waits and hangs on for dear life.good white-knuckler given an electric jolt by ralph meeker, appearing suddenly (the director, john sturges, films it in a clever way that will make you gasp) around halfway through as the cunning, desperate criminal. meeker is an unusually flippant, reckless actor (at least here and in the classic "kiss me deadly") and he happily snatches the keys to the film's narrative and speeds off with the top down. his character has a habit of grinning childishly and saying "pretty neat, huh?" when he's especially pleased with his misdeeds. there is a funny break in the action when they get a flat tire and he tersely instructs his hostage, barbara stanwyck, "don't go away". she fires back "where would i go?" (they're in the middle of nowhere) and he realizes sitcom-ishly "yeah, that's right". the friction between them is a hoot.there are flaws, somewhat ridiculous ones. there's one scene where the police, who have been chasing after meeker for some time, stop stanwyck's car and to evade detection meeker rests his head on her shoulder like a loving husband supposedly would, and pretends to be asleep as she's being questioned. a. he looks conspicuously un-masculine in this pose and b. i think it's safe to say that any adult who appears to be asleep during an encounter with law enforcement would certainly arouse suspicion.still a sturdy thriller which builds to an exciting and edifying conclusion.

here's an excellent barbara stanwyck double bill on one disc. the first movie - and believe me the lesser of the two - is mgm's "to please a lady" (1950) in which she is paired with clark gable. it is essentially a star vehicle with gable as usual dominating the film with his screen presence. here he plays a macho racing driver who gets some bad press from feminist reporter stanwyck and the battle of the sexes begins. of course after much ado they eventually end up in each others arms and it all comes to a predictable and pleasing close. a bit of a fluff of a move really but gable and stanwyck - two icons of the golden age - make it watchable!but the real meat on this dvd is the second feature - a marvellous and quite unknown little thriller called jeopardy. produced by mgm in 1953 this is a wonderful little gem of a movie that hasn't dated one iota! here stanwyck plays the wife of barry sullivan and mother to their young son lee aaker on vacation on a deserted and remote mexican beach when suddenly tragedy strikes. a dilapidated wooden pier collapses trapping sullivan under a heavy pylon and guess what? yes,the tide is coming in. with not a soul in sight and unable to free him herself stanwyck sets off by car for assistance. after driving some distance the only aid she can muster comes from an unscrupulous escaped convict (ralph meeker) who - in return for his help - wants more from her than money or a change of clothes ("i'll do anything to save my husband"). does she or doesn't she??. meeker runs away with the picture! he turns in quite a brilliant performance! once he comes into the film you simply cannot take your eyes off him! an actor in the smouldering brando style he surprisingly never made much of his career in films. although he gave splendid performances as the unsavoury, disgraced cavalry officer in the outstanding mann/stewart western "naked spur" (1953) and as one of the doomed sacrificial french troopers in stanley kubrick's powerful ww1 drama "paths of glory" (1957) his only real claim to fame was as mike hammer in mickey spillane's "kiss me deadly" in 1955. his performance in "jeopardy" should have done wonders for him but he had only a so-so career in films. he died in 1988.because of this release "jeopardy" can now proudly take its rightful place as a classic noir. a memorable, taut and exciting thriller thanks to fine performances, tight direction by john sturges, the crisp monochrome cinematography of victor milner and an atmospheric score by dimitri tiomkin. extras, however are no great shakes except for a radio version of "jeopardy" and trailers for both movies.this disc is also part of a barbara stanwyck box set celebrating her centenary. hard to believe that the lady would be over 100 years old if she was still around!jeopardy - an mgm winner!

hitchcock was of the opinion that audiences aren't really interested in what puts protagonists into danger - only that they are in danger, and need to escape.this film proves hitchcock was not 100% correct. police believe jean simmons is guilty of a crime, when she plainly isn't. trevor howard decides their best course of action is to run for it. and so, the body of the movie has our charismatic pair dodging on and off trains, buses and coaches - jumping across rocks at the top of a waterfall - scrambling across dockyard roofs.all good exciting stuff - but i couldn't get out of my mind that it was all unnecessary. they should have stayed put.in other words, the macguffin wasn't strong enough.

this film plays really well with an audience. especially once the chase begins. plus, trevor howard with his sensible, smart charms and jean simmons with her innocent demeanor and piercing eyes are terrific together.the film starts as a psychological drama but after the murder it segues into a chase thriller as the two leads head for the border. some may think the chase is superfluous but actually the chase is essential because it aids in clearing the mind of the jean simmons character by getting her out of the oppressive household, plus it helps bring out the real killer - who is suddenly put into such a position that they have to finish the job. the killer rightly believed that once the simmons character was arrested she would be put away. and it is true that her lack of control in the household - as well as evidence pointing her way - there is no way she would have gotten out of the murder charge. the chase that ensues helps bring out the truth.this is an entertaining film. seek it out if you can find it.

a young woman (jean simmons) is convinced by her scheming and dangerous aunt (sonia dresdel) and uncle (barry jones) that she's losing her mind and in very delicate condition that requires their supervision which turns out to be more like manipulation, as they try to keep her as far away from outside human contact as possible. the only other person she sees is the estate caretaker, a lascivious character played by maxwell reed, whose caught the wayward eye of the middle-aged aunt. all of this, the aunt and the caretaker, the butterfly expert uncle who has a serious underside to him, and the susceptible niece in the middle, would have made for a darker and more sinister film. as it is, a frame-up for a murder sends trevor howard (a fired government secret service agent who took a job at the estate cataloging butterflies) and simmons across the countryside escaping police, catching headlines of "police net closing in" over her front page photo, hopping on buses, and winding up in liverpool, where they meet some wonderfully cast characters, and finally face down the greedy and murderous aunt and uncle.

a delightful little thriller opens with trevor howard in his jag convertible and ends on a dockside in liverpool. it's all thrills and spills as the ex-spy has to restart his career just as he's getting some serious r & r cataloguing butterflies (how british is that?).trevor howard and jean simmons frolic from london to newcastle-upon-tyne to liverpool (via ullswater) - he's just been thrown out of mi5 or something, and she, you guessed it, is on the run, wrongly accused of murder. there's seedy docks, rolling lake district hills, sheep, country pubs, coppers getting lost, waterfalls, a bunch of amateur cyclists, rooftop chases, and lots of chinamen (don't ask), and it's all very hitchcocky and hannayesque.....and a smashing example of british noir...

the clouded yellow is a compact psychological thriller with interesting characterizations. barry jones and kenneth more are both terrific in supporting roles in characters that both have more to them than what meets the eye. jean simmons is quite good, and trevor howard makes a fascinatingly offbeat suspense hero.

a lovely little b picture with all the usual joe lewis touches.... people ripping up pillows and auras of lurking fear. also, alas, an ending that comes out of nowhere, because, apparently, the auteur has lost interest in the movie, or perhaps because as a b picture it has to fit into a slot.

joseph h. lewis was one of the finest directors of film noir. this is surely his best.it doesn't have some of the standard features of what we now call film noir. though american-made, it is set entirely in england. it lacks gangsters. it lacks a femme fatale. it does not lack crime.the title character answers an ad. she is overjoyed that she'll be making some money as a secretary. instead, she wakes up days later as the pawn in a frightening plot. only a very strong person could survive such a terrifyingly unsettling ordeal. and nina foch gives the sense of a strong woman as julia.part of the excitement comes from casting against type: ms. foch has an elegant manner. she is no screaming, cowering victim. she is actually a bit icy and patrician, albeit impecunious. this makes her character's plight all the more believable.surely the single most fascinating element is the casting of dame may witty. she was (and is) probably most famous for the charming title character in "the lady vanishes." she has a sweet manner and a harmless, slightly dithering manner. but here she is far from a heroine.george macready is excellent as her extremely troubled son. the whole cast, in fact, is superb.it seems that this famous and brilliant movie was made almost by accident. undoubtedly the director knew exactly what he was doing. but he did it on a low budget. that is the thrill and charm of film noir, the real film noir: it is small, convincingly lowlife, and, in this case, unforgettable.

nina foch insists that "my name is julia ross" in this 1945 film noir also starring dame may witty and george macready. it's short, and because it is, the film suffers. it could have stood to have been a good fifteen minutes to a half hour longer.when i was growing up, foch was a fixture on television, playing a neurotic woman, the wife with the cheating husband, the nervous wreck. she became one of the great acting teachers in los angeles. here, she's a pretty young ingenue playing the title role. julia answers an ad for a secretary and is hired immediately by mrs. hughes and her son ralph. little does she know - though we learn immediately - that the employment agent is a front, set up to get just the right woman for this assignment, a woman with no family and no boyfriend.it's a live-in situation; once julia gets to the house, she's drugged, and when she wakes up, she's told she's mrs. hughes and not allowed to leave.the acting is very good. low budget but still entertaining - some things, particularly at the end, happen way too quickly, which is why i said the movie is too short. nevertheless, i recommend it.

this was a typical grade b movie in 1940s hollywood and yet it succeeded way beyond its expectations. why? it has a wonderful plot and backed up by nina foch, george macready and dame may witty, as a female villain, of all people.when a young lady answers an advertisement for a secretary, she certainly gets more than she bargained for. the only talents her employers are seeking are those which will lead to her demise. seems that witty and macready want to pass her off as their daughter-in-law and wife, respectively. macready killed his real wife and wants to do foch in as well so that a body can be claimed.the film deals with how foch tries to get town people to believe her and how she is thwarted in practically everything she does. why don't people believe her?

greatly enjoyed this 1945 mystery thriller film about a young woman, nina foch,(julia ross) who is out of work and has fallen behind in her rent and is desperate to find work. julia reads an ad in the local london newspaper looking for a secretary and rushes out to try and obtain this position. julia obtains the position and is hired by a mrs. hughes, (dame may witty) who requires that she lives with her employer in her home and wants her to have no involvement with men friends and julia tells them she has no family and is free to devote her entire time to this job. george macready, (ralph hughes) is the son of mrs. hughes and has some very strange desires for playing around with knives. this was a low budget film and most of the scenes were close ups in order to avoid the expense of a background and costs for scenery. this strange family all live in a huge mansion off the cornwall coast of england and there is secret doors and plenty of suspense.

my name is julia ross is a mesmerizing 1945 b thriller from joseph h. lewis, arguably one of the very finest directors of hollywood noir films. this 65 minute gothic oddity from columbia pictures came after lewis' lengthy apprenticeship as the helmer of a string of poverty row westerns, east side kids comedies, horror melodramas (including the incredibly bizarre bela lugosi shocker the invisible ghost) and standard studio b product (secrets of a co-ed, bombs over burma, the falcon in san francisco, etc)---all of which set the stage rather nicely for what was to come from the enormously talented and inventive mr. lewis. my name is julia ross (as well as so dark the night from the following year) introduced a director who had mastered the rare and delicate art telling a dark and probing tale swiftly and efficiently on the most modest of budgets. later lewis productions like gun crazy (1949) and the big combo (1955), despite the expanded scope of their narrative structure, continued to rely upon deft, lucid camera work and effective low-key lighting. and very modest resources.my name is julia ross probably owes more to the tradition of british mysteries (it's set in a studio-bound england) than it does to conventional film noir attitudes and trappings. a young woman (nina foch) agrees to take a position in the home of an elderly woman (dame mae witty). two days after her arrival she awakens from a deep sleep in a completely strange house and, mysteriously enough, with a brand new identity---that of the old woman's daughter-in-law. told that she's been the victim of a nervous breakdown, she struggles to grasp the utter and seemingly hopeless nature of her predicament. but before long she begins to piece together the strange and troubling truth behind this dark mystery, that her "husband" (the always menacing george macready) most probably murdered his real wife and that she's been duped into participating in a harrowing and sinister scheme. much of what distinguishes this otherwise modest tale are the indelible touches that lewis brings to the production, marking it as the first of his truly serious endeavors as a film director.

for those who think of dame may witty as the kindly, slightly batty, old lady from hitchcock's the lady vanishes, this movie requires an adjustment. here, she's anything but kindly or batty. instead, her son, george macready is the loony one. just don't give him a knife, otherwise his eyes light up and no furniture cushion in the house is safe. now we know what he has in mind for the trapped nina foch if he can just get out from under mother's domineering hand.really tight little woman-in-danger film that keeps the suspense on high throughout. the script never strays from foch's dilemma. she's held prisoner in a big old gothic house on the edge of an angry sea. they're going to kill her, but why. her predicament makes no sense. the tension mounts as she tries one escape ploy after another, but even strangers seem against her. we begin to feel her helplessness and mounting paranoia as the world turns away from her.director joseph h. lewis took a big step toward cult status with this film and understandably so. then too, watch foch run subtly through a gamut of emotions without once going over the top. witty too shines as a really intimidating matriarch who knows what she wants and how to get it if she can just keep her wacko son in line. my one reservation is the climax which seems too contrived considering the timing of the events. nonetheless, it's a good, nerve-wracking way to spend a little over an hour, courtesy columbia studios.

julia ross (nina foch) agrees to take a position as a secretary with the rich hughes family to get over her boyfriend leaving her. almost immediately she is drugged and shipped off to the family's estate in cornwall. when she awakens they keep telling her she's marion hughes, has been mentally ill and keep her locked up...but why? you'll probably guess why but won't mind because this one is fun.along with "the narrow margin" and "face behind the mask" this is one of the best b pictures ever made. (b pictures were low budget pictures made quickly with low budgets and no major stars). it's just as long as it needs to be (only 65 minutes), is well-directed, fast paced and exciting. it only stumbles at the end which i found a bit too implausible to buy.foch (a good actress) is just ok in the lead but dame may witty is great and george macready is excellent (and frightening) as the villains. well worth catching. a perfect example of how you can make a great movie on a small budget.

nina foch delivers a surprisingly strong performance as the title character in this fun little gothic nail-biter. she accepts a position as secretary to a london society dowager (played imperiously by dame may witty) and her creepy son (the effete and bothersome george macready). before she knows it, she awakens to find herself in a seaside manor she's never seen before, where witty and macready are calling her marian and trying to convince the servants and the nearby townspeople that she's macready's mad wife. of course this pair can only be planning dastardly deeds, and even though we know julia has to eventually escape her trap, director joseph lewis builds real suspense in answering the question of just how she'll manage it."my name is julia ross" has nothing stylistically to set it apart from any number of films that came out at the same time period, but i was surprised by how well it held together despite its shoe-string budget and b-movie pedigree. there are quite a few moments that just may have you on the edge of your seat, and i found myself really rooting for julia as she caught on to the scheme underfoot and began to outsmart her captors. in any other gothic thriller, the heroine would have swooned, screamed and dithered, waiting for her hero to come and save her. so i can't tell you how refreshing it was to have the heroine in this film use her brain and figure out how to save herself.well done.grade: b+

having watched this film strictly on the strength of reviewers' ratings i was most pleasantly surprised. although clearly low-budget, it bears the signs of clever ingenuity. for example, when julia wakes in the strange house and looks out the window i found myself thinking that her sense of isolation would be enhanced with an exterior shot focused on her face and then moving backwards to include the house and its isolated location. and lo and behold! the next scene was exactly that last shot of the house standing lonely on the cliff at the water's edge. there are other examples of how a clever director can elevate his film to the level of a very enjoyable thriller. savvy viewers will surely spot them but should rest assured they will not be disappointed.as to the performances, george macready is his usual creepy self, barely maintaining his composure while suggesting a capacity for unadulterated violence. nina foch was surprisingly good as the no-nonsense working girl who's not about to submit without a fight. but dame may witty, oh boy, she even had me doubting my own eyes and believing she could get away with her evil schemes.this a real diamond in the rough and not to be missed.

second-feature concerns a young woman in london desperate for a job, happy to accept live-in secretarial position with an elderly woman and her son. thrillers about people being held in a house against their will always make me a little uneasy--i end up feeling like a prisoner too--but this rather classy b-film is neither lurid nor claustrophobic. it's far-fetched and unlikely, but not uninteresting, and our heroine (nina foch) is quick on her feet. rehashing this in 1986 (as "dead of winter") proved not to be wise, as the plot-elements are not of the modern-day. "julia ross" is extremely compact (too short at 65 minutes!) but it stays the course nicely until a too-rushed climax, which feels a little sloppy. *** from ****

a toothsome little potboiler whose 65-minute length doesn't seem a second too short, my name is julia ross harks back to an english tradition of things not being what they seem -- hitchcock's the lady vanishes is one example. out-of-work julia ross (nina foch) finds a dream job at a new employment agency in london, whose sinister representative seems very anxious to ascertain if she has living relatives or a boyfriend. after reporting to duty, she wakes up (having been drugged) in a vast manderley-like pile on the cornish coast, supposedly as the barmy-in-the-crumpet wife of george macready, who displays an alarming interest in knives and ice picks. his doting, enabling mum is the irresistible dame may whitty (this time a model of bustling efficiency on the other side of good-vs-evil than she occupied in the lady vanishes). the nightmare vision of this tale unfolds claustrophobically; we know what's going on but are powerless to tell poor julia. this movie, curiously, is regularly accorded a place of honor as one of the earliest (and very few british) films noirs. i think it's closer to the gothic old-dark-house tradition than the american one of wet cobblestones and urban corruption; it does, however, evince a more modern, psychoanalytic cast of mind. whatever you call it, it remains a sharply satisfying thriller.

"the lady from shanghai" is well known as one of hollywood's most troubled productions. welles' original cut was taken away by the producers and cut to ribbons. this made the already muddled mystery story even more difficult to keep track of. they post dubbed a good amount of his dialog because of the density of the irish accent, and the dubbing is all too apparent and poorly done. most disastrous of all, welles and his on screen and real life leading lady rita hayworth were falling apart in their relationship, and their tumultuous chemistry comes through on screen.fortunately, this is all overcome by just how fantastic orson welles' direction is. he makes the film incredibly stylish and atmospheric - every scene just seems to be breathing down your back from the screen. also, the characters and scenes are so bizarre they border on dreamlike and surreal. this sense of weirdness elevates scenes that are often found in these films, such as the courtroom sequences in the middle. i typically find courtroom dramas a bore, but welles' direction and quirky touches make them just as fascinating as everything else. the ending at the carnival reminds one of david lynch almost.the acting here is also very good. despite their failing relationship, welles and hayworth both give decent performances - their interactions however are just a bit lacking. everyone else is superb and delightful to watch though, especially everett sloane and glenn anders. "the lady from shanghai" obviously has its problems, but its worth watching just to see one of cinema's masters at his finest. (8/10)

i did no research on the film prior to my first viewing of it because it was part of a welles box set i had recently purchased. a box set i chiefly got because i wanted to own a man for all seasons and to also re-evaluate waterloo. so i stick orson and rita in the player and i'm treated to class and confusion in equal measure.on the surface the story seemed a simple one, man meets gorgeous woman and saves her from a couple of thugs, they click straight away and man gets offer of work on a cruise with woman and her famous lawyer husband, and then...............well it becomes murder mystery of plotted devilment and much shenanigans. michael o'hara (orson welles} himself doesn't really know what is going on, he is as confused as the viewer is, and that is wonderful to watch as he is pulled all over the place by pretty much everyone in the film. obviously being pulled by the heart strings by a femme fatale of such beauty as elsa bannister (rita hayworth} has its moments, but you just know that things are going to go pear shaped.so many wonderful things in the film, it has welles visual style all over it, see a scene in an aquarium that is marvellous and the ending sequences in a fun house is majestic on the eye. the narration from o'hara is joyously self mocking, and we get good light relief by way of a court case with everett sloane considerably lighting up proceedings.yet the film is an oddity, and in fact it's a choppy viewing experience, because {as i was to find out after} studio bosses cut the film by pretty much a whole hour, and that is just not only frustrating to us the viewer, but unfair on welles' vision. i'm positive that a full original cut of this film would have been lauded and revered wholesale, as it is tho, we have a very good and intriguing film, one that sadly only hints at greatness, but remains a fiendishly engrossing film that i'm glad i own to revisit further. 8.5/10

one reviewer notes that it does not seem to matter what welles actually says or does, he moves you. i concur. he was and remains a unique force in film. more than a triple threat who could act, write and direct, he had a genius uniquely suited to film. one can consider whether in an earlier age he would have been a painter. this film certainly reinforces that impression. a musician, a theatre actor, an heir to shakespeare? hard to tell but i am very grateful that his time cam with film and he have him captured on film. i like the accent. i like the face, the size, the style, the mind and the games. i love all of his movies and wish there were more. i particularly love how other actors interacted with him on film. many were never better or at least somehow different with him because he was o firmly there. even towards the end when his beauty was ruined, perhaps by his own intent, he was impossible to ignore and he made every scene he was in. rita was a gorgeous blonde -- a lana turner look alike but perhaps even lovelier and even then the eye goes to welles and one wishes for another minute, another film, another hour in his company. that is why we all wish we could come upon the lost scraps cut from his films because we know, we all know, that there is not part of him not worthy of our time. watch it and be grateful for the chance.

in a lot of his films (citizen kane, confidential report, touch of evil) orson welles gave him the role of an exuberant men. in "the lady from shanghai" it's the only time i see him holding the role of the victim. the role of the culprit, he gave it to rita hayworth, i guess it's because he was in love with her. therefore, it's an interesting film. but i find the story excellent too. the direction is genius, as usual with welles : two scenes are particularly brilliant: the one in the aquarium and the final one with the mirrors. this film is brilliant.(10/10)

the lady from shanghai is proof that the great genius orson welles could direct a "mainstream" movie if he wanted to. by comparison to his other, more artistic works, this film has only a moderate amount of craftiness, and almost no esoteric elements.the exception being, of course, the final scene in the hall of mirrors, widely agreed to be one of the greatest scenes in the history of film. it alone is worth the cost of a rental.the sweet surprise was the superb acting by the beautiful rita hayworth. her acting during the beginning and middle of the film is so excellent, she made the other actors appear as caricatures instead of characters. even the great mr. welles.

it is not as great a film as many people believe (including my late aunt, who said it was her favorite movie). but due to the better sections of this film noir, particularly that justifiably famous "fun house" finale, the lady from shanghai has gained a position of importance beyond it's actual worth as a key to the saga of orson welles' failure to conquer hollywood.by 1946 welles' position as a hollywood figure was mixed. citizen kane was not recognized as the great movie it has since been seen as due to the way it was attacked by the hearst press and by hollywood insiders themselves. welles' attempt at total control (direction and production and acting) of his movies seemed to threaten the whole system. his best job in this period was as edward rochester in jane eyre, supposedly shot by robert stevenson, but actually shot in large measure (with stevenson's blessing) by welles. but the credit went to stevenson. only the stranger, a film benefiting from a postwar interest in fleeing nazi war criminals, made a profit. for five years in hollywood it was barely a great record.welles returned to broadway in 1946, hoping to recapture his critical abilities by his production of around the world in 80 days. but despite the assistance mike todd, and cole porter composing the score, the musical was a failure. his failure occurred just at the same time that his wife, rita hayworth, was on the rise with her portrayal of gilda. so the marriage was going on the rocks as well.welles had to make money - his broadway production had led to his personal bankruptcy. he sold his interest in the possible movie rights to around the world to todd (which he would eventually rue), and he also sold the idea of a film about the career of henri desire landru to charlie chaplin, who was supposed to be directed in it (and who turned it into monsieur verdoux).the story goes that welles, with a $10,000.00 tax bill to worry about, called cohn and offered to do a film with rita for a down payment. cohn was willing to do so, but naturally asked what the film was. it was a wise question. welles was on a pay phone in new york in a pharmacy that had a book department. he grabbed a book with the title the lady from shanghai, and raved that it was a great thriller. somehow welles convinced the normally astute cohn that welles knew what he was talking about. cohn said he'd look into getting the rights, and sent welles his down-payment of $10,000.00. after cohn hung up welles bought the book and read it - and found it was really pretty bad. he spent time rewriting a treatment and screenplay that would build up rita's character of elsa bannister.certainly it has a curious plot development. michael o'hara is a seaman/longshoreman. he rescues elsa bannister, when she is apparently attacked by gangsters in a park in san francisco. elsa is married to arthur bannister (everett sloane) a crippled criminal lawyer with a great reputation. she convinces him to hire michael as the skipper of their yacht. the cruise also contains bannister's sinister partner george grisby (glenn anders) and one sidney broome (ted de corsia) who turns out to be a detective hired by bannister to watch elsa. when they can michael and elsa try to find time together, but broome or grisby keeps showing up.grisby makes michael an offer - he wants (for reasons connected to his so-called fatalistic view of modern society) to drop out of it, pretending to be dead. according to grisby (the plot becomes murky here) he can still collect his life insurance (although dead?) and use it to run off to the south seas. he will pay michael $10,000.00 if he will pretend to shoot grisby. this includes actually signing a document admitting to the murder (michael does not realize that such an admission would wipe out the need to produce a corpse if all the other evidence suggests that grisby is probably dead).of course grisby is killed, and michael is arrested for that, and for the murder of broome (shot with michael's gun). michael is tried with bannister defending him, and discovers that the latter is doing a second rate job because he wants michael to be convicted. michael is convinced that bannister is the actual murderer, and manages to escape just before the jury verdict. he is knocked out and deposited in a deserted carnival, and this leads to the famous "fun house" sequence and the conclusion of the film.it's a terribly confusing movie (as i have had commented on). that does not mean it's not worth seeing - visually it is striking. witness the fight between michael and the police in the trial judge's quarters, where he knocks the bailiff into the judge's bookcase, shattering glass. or the clever use of photography to capture hayworth diving from a rock, reflected on the lecherous grisby's binoculars.the acting is pretty good, in particular sloane (possibly that fine actor's best film role). glenn anders was a leading broadway performer. he rarely made movies before the lady from shanghai, and his slimy grisby is unforgettable. also ted de corsia does very nicely with broome - a detective who is really looking for his own interests, to his own cost.as for hayworth, she turns in a performance that was unlike most of what she had done before (blood and sand, tales of manhattan, and the strawberry blond are exceptions), and is a memorable siren. welles' o'hara is a very unusual character for the actor - a likable but naive man who learns the hard way not to believe what he secretly wants to believe. it's not kane, ambersoms, othello, touch of evil, or chimes at midnight, but it is a good film for all that.

neatly sandwiched between the stranger, a small film noir picture that proved welles can do a formidable genre work on budget and on time and ironically proved his biggest box office success in the forties, and macbeth, a no-budget shakespeare adaptation shot in old western shets in 23 days, comes the lady from shangai, a dark film noir woven from the very same fabric of wellesian mythos that covers the magnificent ambersons, mr. arkadin and any other film the director didn't manage to save from the clutches of studio bosses.six years after the maltese falcon, with the post-war craze of the film noir in full swing, welles, always ahead of his time, a true visionary director of tremendous artistic integrity, envisioned a labyrinthine world of shadows that is already darker, more sinister, paranoid and serpentine than anything his contemporaries were doing at the time. it's no wonder the movie was so misunderstood at its time, to the point that one full hour of footage was forever left in the cutting room floor, and it was once again europe that championed it as another welles classic.certain set-pieces stand out. the aquarium scene with its flickering light and ominous shadows, and of course the funhouse/hall of mirrors finale that is as classic a piece of wellesian bravura as any in citizen kane or the trial. the only faults i find with the movie is welles' ill-advised irish accent and perhaps some of the erratic editing in the first act. the story however unfurls in a progressively mesmerizing manner, which the cuts only serve to intensify. i believe the heavily chopped versions of shangai and ambersons attain a surreal quality for that matter.welles would exile himself in europe for ten years and return in 1958 to deliver yet another stonewall classic, the monumental touch of evil, perhaps the crowning jewel of the film noir that was already in its waning days by that time. shangai was not the box office success a star vehicle for hollywood's premiere star of the time, rita hayworth, ought to have been, and welles marriage with hayworth ended before the movie was even released. sixty years later and one hour of footage less, shangai is still one of the best film noir pictures one is likely to discover. surely that must count for something.

pure orson welles genius makes this one of the greatest of movies. welles is drawn into a murder conspiracy only to be set up as the fall guy, which is what he refers to with the sarcastic comment "big dummy that i am." plot is so complex that i still don't know whether the victim knew that his life was about to be lost. the shootout scene in the carnival hall of mirrors is one of the most amazing ever filmed. that scene alone is worth the price of admission. this is the only time that rita hayworth ever played a complex yet believable character. no one but welles would have had the nerve to cut her hair and dye it brassy blond. no one should miss this picture.

despite loving rita hayworth, finding the final few sequences of the film intriguing and being able to appreciate some of the subtler "symbolic" aspects of the cinematography, the lady from shanghai didn't quite work for me. i had a problem with most of the performances, the script and the overall structure. and in a film that's mostly people talking with each other in various situations, that's quite a problem. the lady from shanghai ended up at a very low "c", or a 7, for me.the lady from shanghai is really all about orson welles' character, michael o'hara. o'hara sees elsa "rosalie" bannister (rita hayworth) in central park on a carriage ride and hits on her. later, he saves her from a mugging and she takes a shine to him. o'hara is a seaman from ireland and the globetrotting elsa happens to own a yacht with her husband, arthur (everett sloane), a very famous and powerful california defense attorney. they talk o'hara into working for them, despite his initial reservations--it seems to him, and to the audience, that elsa is just looking for someone to have an affair with, and o'hara doesn't want to get involved.shortly after going to work on their yacht, a strange man, george grisby (glenn anders), who says he's arthur's partner, shows up at a port of call and begins stirring up trouble. eventually, grisby asks o'hara to enter into a very dubious and dangerous scheme. foolishly, o'hara agrees. naturally it gets him into quite a bit of trouble, and eventually, a number of mysteries are revealed.maybe my problems with the film lie in the fact that, so far, i'm not exactly a huge fan of orson welles, and here, he produces, writes, directs and consumes most of the screen time. i haven't seen anywhere near the majority of welles' work yet, but i've tended to like his later films better, when he became a bit more campy and performance-arty. i love f for fake (vrits et mensonges, 1974) for example, and i even kind of like his performance in casino royale (1967), when he bizarrely insisted on being allowed to do magic tricks at a baccarat table, but citizen kane (1941) never did much for me, despite giving it 3 or 4 chances over the years (including about one year ago; my rating was a low 7--the same as my current score for the lady from shanghai).welles' performance and the dialogue he's written for himself come across as affected and pretentious to me. he's a bit of a motormouth, a bit of a boor, and a bit monotone--he tends to sound like he's reading. his performance reminded me of what i've seen of welles' version of moby dick (listed on imdb as 1999, but "completed" in 1971, it can also be seen in orson welles: the one-man band (1995)), where he seems to be just reading to the camera and believing that he's inherently, sublimely dramatic. i'm also someone who almost never complains about accents, but somehow welles manages to make his irish accent sound affected and pretentious to me, too.as for the other performances, i can only say i thought hayworth did an excellent job. of course she's gorgeous, which doesn't hurt. plenty of eye candy here. like welles, sloane also seemed a bit affected and pretentious to me--i never quite bought his character, his handicap and so on, and anders is simply bizarre where bizarre doesn't seem to fit. welles often shoots him in close-up and anders almost always has some over-exaggerated, manic expression on his sweaty face.structurally, the lady from shanghai is very uneven. the first 50 minutes or so are extremely bland and soap-operatic, although the soap opera ministrations tend to be approached from a tortuous oblique. once grisby introduces his scheme, things pick up a bit, and mostly improve as we near the end. but by the time the lady from shanghai becomes a crime/mystery film, it's too little too late, and it quickly turns into a courtroom drama before the sudden, thrilling ending that comes almost out of nowhere and is over far too quickly for its relative excellence.the ending is more action-oriented, less-dialogue heavy, more varied and exotic in settings, and at times, fairly abstract. welles handles that combination of material skillfully as a director. if the lady from shanghai would have been a largely a combination of the crime/mystery stuff and the arty ending, it could have easily been at least a 9. the final scenes are easily 10s, as welles shifts from a hitchcockian suspense scene in a san francisco chinese opera house to another suspense scene in a chinese amusement park. the funhouse climax uses cinematography that was experimental for its time. it's well integrated with the script, as it allows a complex resolution and fuels a lot of symbolism.the cinematography throughout is interesting, even if it usually can't make up for the problems in the foreground. welles blocks scenes with skill. there are lots of attractively filmed settings, from central park to acapulco to various san francisco locations. welles effectively creates symbolic backdrops for his action, from the emphasized heights and precipitous drops of acapulco to the maze-like caribbean streets, the beautifully framed and silhouetted shots of the san francisco aquarium, and so on. the romance material, for which the aquarium serves as one backdrop, is interestingly tempered with a kind of unease throughout the film, but on the other hand, that makes the romance never quite work as romance.surely serious welles fans will appreciate the lady from shanghai much more than i did, and of course it's worth a watch if you love rita hayworth. the lady from shanghai isn't exactly a terrible film, in my view, but it's dangerously close to not "passing". proceed with caution.

it's very hard to say just what was going on with "the lady from shanghai" and what the film could have been without studio interference. orson welles' prime interest in film at this point was to raise money for his theater; indeed, funding his own projects is what drove him to seek out acting jobs. he made "lady from shanghai" for his soon to be ex-wife, rita hayworth. harry cohn was fearful for rita's image and held back the release of this movie for one year.the plot concerns an irish sailor, michael o'hara, who falls in love with else (hayworth, stunning with short blond hair). her husband is a well known criminal attorney arthur bannister (everett sloane) who is as crippled on the inside as he is out. he hires o'hara to work on his yacht, and there o'hara is drawn deeper and deeper into a web of murder and deceit."the lady from shanghai" moves at a snail's pace, though i agree with one of the posters that films today are criticized for taking time to build a plot. still, this movie drags. the scene in the fun house is fantastic - welles wanted it without music, though, and i believe the studio cut it down. it's a shame. the photography throughout is stunning, atmospheric, bold, and very stylish.welles was an excellent actor, handsome in his youth, charismatic and possessing a magnificent voice and technique, but in many films, it's almost as if he doesn't trust himself or doesn't take the time to develop a character. instead he relies on externals such as accents and fake noses. one of the only times he didn't do this was "tomorrow is forever," where the director gets an excellent, deeply felt performance out of him. contrast that with "compulsion" where he shows he is a master of pure technical acting as he phones in his performance. here welles is doing quadruple duty - as director, star, co-writer and narrator. sporting a completely unnecessary accent and looking intense was a fast way to a characterization. nevertheless, he is always compelling.the supporting players are excellent, including sloan and glenn anders. hayworth, gorgeous and soft-voiced (her singing was again dubbed by anita ellis) is as usual a complete goddess and one of the great screen presences. what a sad life for such a vibrant beauty.any film that orson welles directed is worth seeing, and "the lady from shanghai" is no exception. but this one leaves the viewer frustrated, as does "the magnificent ambersons" - as does any work that welles did within the studio system. he was a great artist who should have been given a freer reign; he wasn't. he was a strange dichotomy - he needed more freedom, but as is evidenced by some of his later work, he needed the structure of the studio. alas, he couldn't have both.

the lady from shanghai is weird even by the standards of its eminent director, orson welles, whose last hollywood film this was for many a moon. it's a kind of post-modern film noir made during the period when more conventional films of this type were quite popular, and it concerns a happy go lucky irish sailor (played by welles) who falls in with a mysterious lady (rita hayworth, who was married to welles at the time), and her crippled, and probably impotent husband, played with a brainy, malevolent gusto by everett sloan. a long sea voyage follows, with welles in tow as bodyguard, and the plot thickens when sloan's law partner (glenn anders) turns up and starts making trouble by giving odd speeches about suicide and other morbid topics that suggest that the man is on the verge of mental breakdown. a murder plot ensues, and all sorts of calamities follow for welles and his employers, and at this point the story, fuzzy and told at a leisurely pace thus far, goes off the deep end, and the last part of the film consists of brilliant directorial set-pieces that seem to have been thrown in to give the movie some of the drive and urgency its story does not, by itself, possess, and the result is a very watchable and often pleasing at all times incomprehensible mess.it's hard to know what welles was trying to do with this film aside from maybe resurrect his career in hollywood by making a vehicle for his wife. but self-destruction intervenes, as it often does with welles, and miss hayworth has never looked less fetching. that she is also cast as a femme fatale seems peculiar, as aside from her beauty her most appealing trait as a screen personality was lovableness, a quality she does not possess in this picture. the director himself is strangely unappealing and hammy at o'hara, the (presumably) easygoing sailor, since welles, for all his many gifts, was not known as an easy man to work with. this is a role that twenty or thirty years later sean connery or robert shaw might have been able to breath life into. welles does not. the most interesting performance in the movie is glenn anders' as grisby, sloan's loony, treacherous law partner. anders works wonders with the part, and is photographed to look bizarre, while his scenes end on odd, sour notes, and are often choppily edited; but for all this he manages to make grisby's derangement palpable and disturbing, and anticipates, in a genteel way, the more flamboyant method actors of the fifties, such as timothy carey.there is a question that nags me about this film: what was welles trying to say? he was a highly talented and intelligent man, and tended to make statements in his movies, which, whether one agrees with his world view or not, were brilliantly put forth. i think i have an answer, or a partial one: welles was summing up his movie career. he had reached the end of his rope in the hollywood studio system he despised, and he knew it. the lady from shanghai isn't exactly a nose-thumbing at the studio moguls of the day, but i suspect that it is, in its portrait of amoral, rival big shot lawyers (read: producers) expressing welles' opinion of the power brokers of hollywood. that he presented himself as a rootless sailor is telling. welles himself was certainly an inveterate traveler, and he rarely lived in one place for long. he was hired by a studio to provide it with a big, prestigious film (citizen kane), which caused a firestorm of controversy from which he never fully recovered. this may be the issue that dares not speak its name in this film, which is to say welles' personal failure in not getting over the shock of his newness in the movie colony, and his inability to deliver the goods, as promised. the mere fact of him turning up in hollywood, like his mere presence in the film, could not forestall disasters well beyond his control. that he presented himself in the movie as an amiable, naive outsider shows a lack of self-knowledge on welles' part. he was much more of an inside player than he let on, and i imagine that he despised his knowledge of the worldlier aspects of life, and himself for knowing so much.

this 1947 film stars and was directed and written by orson welles (with a funky irish accent) and also stars the gorgeous rita hayworth with less appealing short blonde hair. so, i've hung out with orson before in touch of evil and citizen kane and the third man etc. but this was my first rita hayworth interaction. our first meeting went well, she does a superb job playing the frightened/cagey elsa, married to a crippled millionaire lawyer. mike (welles) and elsa fall for each other. he wants to run away with her, she doesn't know if she can live without the things money can buy. elsa, her husband, and his partner bicker and bite, just like the sharks mike describes attacking each other and his foretelling proves just too true. several twists and turns follow in this murder mystery as we come to the climax in the fun house. (think the ending shootout in the man with the golden gun, which borrowed heavily from this scene). i wasn't sure who the murderer was until the end.this movie is like shrimp in garlic and lemon. the dish centers on the sea, it is subtle, sour, and pungent, all to great effect. these might not be the best, fresh shrimp, but good quality frozen shrimp from costco. the flavorful sauce adds to the naturalness of the pink shrimp as you fill up on a healthy, but filling alternative to more mundane, common fare. 7/10 http://blog.myspace.com/locoformovies

what can i say, it's a damn good movie. see it if you still haven't. great camera works and lighting techniques. awesome, just awesome. orson welles is incredible 'the lady from shanghai' can certainly take the place of 'citizen kane'.

surreal film noir released soon after the "real," genre-defining classics "the maltese falcon," "double indemnity" and "the postman always rings twice." welles films shouldn't be evaluated against others. he was playing by different rules. in fact, he was playing. this starts where other femme fatale films leave off, so the vaguely logical (but interesting) whodunit is embellished with a display of wellesian scenes (typical rapid-fire style), dialog (lots of "hard-boiled" philosophy), and unusual acting (good hayworth presumably intentionally one-dimensional). to welles "genre" may have meant "formula" but he seemed to like using "mysteries" as backgrounds for his "entertainments."

any film in the early days of orson welles is a triumph all the way to the third man with joseph cotton. he is also wonderful in a touch of evil. please see them all! he tends to get pompous and self serving in films like f is for fake, really stupid waste of film.don't waste your time watching it. it is really ignorant. orson welles is a film icon and anyone studying film should see everything he has filmed. all his leading ladies are tremendous but in the end welles became a fat drunk, like his character in a touch of evil! for some reason orson welles had a way with women, i see how he could be considered attractive in his youth, not like gary cooper or joseph cotton, or cary grant,john wayne, i could go on and on but i digress... and because i am a woman,i can see the attraction to him. he (orson welles) is one of the last true film makers and unless you count the film-makers of today: tarantino, scorscese, spike lee, most of the film makers just don't measure up to the film makers of the forties! i know there are many more great film makers of today but in such a short amount of time i can't name them all. no offense to any of the great film makers of this millennium! august 21,2006. please remind me of some current up and coming film makers, i don't want to be stuck in the past! i love some of the films out now, but rarely are there any that i would put on a "100 best" list.. "hustle and flow" was great, so was "fargo", and "oh, brother, where art thou," from a line in sullivan's travels; another fine film from the forties! can anyone give me a best list for the 90's and on up to 2006? i would like to know who to watch! thank you! also props to this website! where else can you plug a film or boo it! i love the ranting and raving from regular folks like me who can say what i want and i promise not to spoil any film for someone who hasn't seen it yet!

orson welles manages to knock me on my ass with every picture of his i see. lady of shanghai is on the same level as his other masterpieces, the magnificent ambersons, touch of evil, the trial, and chimes at midnight. the plot can tend to be confusing sometimes, and sometimes it seems to be moving maybe a tiny bit too fast (about an hour of it was edited out when test screenings went poorly). it doesn't matter, however. you can't watch welles' films and manage to concentrate too much on the plot. his direction defines what great direction is. almost any scene from this film can hold up with any other scene he directed. check out the courtroom scene. usually they are such stock scenes that i can't stand them. case in point, try to sit through welles' own speech near the end of compulsion. in lady from shanghai, just pay attention to the level of detail in that courtroom scene. watch that juror who is always sneezing and interrupting the proceedings. or just take a look at the lighting in that scene. i know, it is just a simple venetian blind, and that it was used constantly in film noirs and crime films of the era, but welles gives it a beauty all its own. the dialogue is also remarkable. welles had the skill, a skill that no one else seemed to have, to make a crime film containing examples of the grandest poetry. whether he was speaking shakespeare or spitting out hard-boiled lines, it had the power to stir the soul. 10/10.

this could be well have been the definitive film noir of all time, had not the columbia studios cut so much of orson welles's original. what we are left with is a flawed, yet brilliant film that showcases the overwhelming talent of welles as an actor/director and rita hayworth as a serious dramatic talent.'the lady from shanghai' is film noir at it's most sizzling and confusing. welles, with an uneven accent, portrays michael o'hara, a journeyman irishman, who, after a fateful encounter with the seductive, dangerous elsa bannister (hayworth, in a great performance)finds himself virtually coerced into accepting a job as a crewman on her and her crippled husband's (everett sloane) yacht. elsa, or 'rosalie' as michael likes to call her, plays the innocent, helpless doll very well, ensnaring o'hara in her web. as the lovers conduct a not-so-secret affair at sea, arthur bannister's partner in his law firm, george grisby (glenn anders)comes aboard. he is a weird, untrustworthy figure who offers michael a unique proposal: he will get $5000 to assist grisby in the faking of grisby's death, so it looks murder. the plan is for michael to get off a technicality, and run off into the sun with elsa. but things do not go to plan.hayworth delivers us one of the best femme fatales of all time in a very ambiguous portrayal. at times she seems genuinely vulnerable and child-like, at others brutal, world-weary and hard. always she is brilliantly beautiful, whether he situation calls for her to be dripping wet in a swimsuit or dressed in black, brandishing a gun. hayworth is beautifully photographed here, and she is a far-cry from her famous 'gilda' role. her then-husband orson welles cut off her trademark auburn locks for a dyed blonde crop (angering columbia boss harry cohn). it was a terrific marketing ploy, and he change suits her changed attitude wonderfully. she is not the sympathetic femme fatale that 'gilda' is, here- instead she is a predatory, black-hearted dame who sees murder as a very useful option.the welles and hayworth pairing came at a time when the couple were having extreme difficulties in their marriage. they would divorce after the film was made, so this is also a curiosity for providing some view into the complicated relationship. they are hateful, not romantic, lovers in this, so it's hard to gauge whether or not they had real chemistry on screen. certainly every encounter is potent and filled with raw sexuality, with welles as the 'fall guy' (he even admits it himself in the film!) and rita as the double-crossing babe.welles character is the typical noir 'drifter' with not much sense. as welles voice-over proves to use, o'hara indeed does not use his brain very much 'expect to be thinking of her (elsa)'. welles usually played intelligent, charismatic fellows, so his turn here as the dim-witted michael is unusual and very interesting. indeed, welles was an actor of fine talent and he pulls off it well.everett sloane is suitably slimy as hayworth's crippled husband. one wonders why he hires michael. it is obvious that his wife is interested in him romantically, so why does he invite a 'threat' on board? one interpretation could be that michael provides the 'service' to his wife that bannister cannot in his crippled state. there is definitely something to that theory, with a lot of implications toward elsa's behaviour before she met her husband (was she some sort of prostitute?)and grisby's knowledge of bannister's most intimate secrets being hinted at in several scenes.this is a jumbled, convoluted film with a plot that is ultimately flawed. we are more interested in the love triangle than the murder plot, as with most noirs. welles provides us with many of his usual brilliant cinematic touches, including the justifiably famous 'hall of mirrors' climax. it's a terrific scene, one ending that can almost obliterate the faults earlier on in the movie and lift it into greatness. this fun house scene is visually stunning, with a dali-like feel to the painted sets (apparently orson painted them himself). subtle visual imagery utilized throughout the film by welles enhances the plot and makes this a thought-provoking experience.the dialogue is scorching and confusing, delivered superbly by rita's alternately breathy low voice and helpless, high-pitched little-girl voice. hayworth proves her acting capabilities in this one, and proves that she is the ultimate femme fatale of 'noir'. it's a pity (only a slight one , as rita was a brilliant dancer) that she did so many delightful yet frothy and often forgettable musicals for columbia in the 40's instead of darkly-themed noir like this. she was a brilliant actress when given the chance to show off her talent.9/10.

in nyc, seaman michael o'hara (orson welles) rescues elsa bannister (rita hayworth) from a mugging & rape as she takes a horse & carriage through central park -and lives to regret it. titian-haired hayworth's a platinum blonde in this one; as dazzling as fresh-fallen snow -but nowhere near as pure...to reveal any more of the convoluted plot in this seminal "noir" would be criminal. it's as deceptive as the mirrors used to cataclysmic effect in the final scenes -but the film holds far darker secrets: from the ny times: "childhood shadows: the hidden story of the black dahlia murder" by mary pacios "mary pacios, who was 5 years old when she was befriended by 15 year old bette short, retraces short's steps, interviewing friends and associates. she also offered a detailed, if speculative, analysis of orson welles -particularly in regard to his movie "the lady from shanghai". according to ms. pacios, the movie, along with related archival materials, has many of the same ritualistic elements associated with short's murder. she raises the question: could welles have been the killer?" interesting theories -and with the spate of books now out on "the black dahlia", much more may come to light. fritz lang's brutal "film noir", "the big heat" (1953), was a roman-a-clef telling of the "dahlia" killing in "the city of nets" that was l.a. -but it's the orson opus that the "dahlia" had a "hands-on" connection to. in reality, it was bugsy siegel (and the hollywood mob wars of the 1940's) that did the "dahlia" in ...but that doesn't negate much of what pacios wrote. almost all of hollywood intersected with elizabeth ("the black dahlia") short and her tale/aura/legacy/curse is encoded in a number of golden age films.the "black dahlia" was always on the peripheral edges of "shanghai"-even before it started filming. barbara payton on franchot tone: "it was when he was thinking about making "the lady from shanghai", before he lost the option to orson welles. franchot said he'd been in a bad state over that deal when he ran into the dahlia in the formosa cafe* across from the goldwyn studios..." *the floor above the formosa cafe was bugsy siegel's office and "the dahlia" one of his on again/off again working "girls".it gets deeper and darker- after the 1951 brawl over barbara payton between tom neal and franchot tone that sent franchot to the hospital with a concussion and "never talking the same way again," barbara said, she married tone "just to spite neal." tom ("detour") neal also knew "the dahlia" (who didn't?) and became obsessed- from "l.a. despair" by john gilmore: "the january 1947 slaying of the young, beautiful would-be actress elizabeth short, known as "the black dahlia", was one of the most grisly murders in the annals of modern crime. a project, called "who killed the black dahlia?" was being kicked off by actor tom neal, a hell-raiser from ww ii movies. potential producer gene harris: "someone will have to come up with a more imaginative business proposition than what has been presented by tom neal and his cohorts..." not long after: "it would be very clear one beautiful day to come, when tom would sneak up on his pretty, new palm springs wife as she lay on their sofa and shoot a .45 bullet through her head." barbara payton and norma jean dougherty (later marilyn monroe) knew the "dahlia" and their stories are well known. it seems all who crossed the path of the "dahlia" (like the proverbial black cat) entered a "twilight zone" darkness and/or had an incredible string of bad luck afterward. tone/neal/welles are only a few -and this includes a butchered film called "the lady from shanghai"..."lady from shanghai" took two years to be released, thanks to extensive re-editing -and all because columbia president harry cohn couldn't understand the story. it's dark "noir" to be sure -one of the darkest, in fact. it's also a wicked satire on life in the new atomic age.nicolas christopher:"shanghai" pushes forth an insistent subtext of nuclear apocalypse and contains the definitive noir statement concerning the atomic bomb and the american city. the film's principal murder victim (and there are many), a psychotic and double-dealing lawyer, manically foresees armageddon at every turn, claiming he can "feel it." he announces that he plans to escape to a remote pacific island -a particularly acid joke on welles' part since this was the very year the u.s. began testing atomic bombs at just such a place, the bikini atoll, relocating all the inhabitants and destroying the ecosystem. by the time of bikini, the erotic identification of hayworth with the bomb appears to have been institutionalized, with the blessing of the military brass; the first bomb dropped in the pacific testing ground in named "gilda" and has hayworth's image, in provocative dress, painted directly on its casing..." its ironic that orson welles' broad interpretation of an irishman is considered a detriment to the film by many. welles is giving a clue to viewers that "michael o'hara" is only the storyteller - not part of the story even though it revolves around him. "o'hara" contradicts the shark motif throughout the film. sharks on a feeding frenzy won't stop until there's nothing left. "michael o'hara" lives to tell the tale. "elsa bannister" causes a feeding frenzy during "o'hara's" trial and her netted chapeau suggests she's caged in -so as not to devour the human spectators to a roman coleseum. the spectators are on a feeding frenzy of their own, gossiping and carrying on about "elsa" -a human aquarium correlating to the san francisco marine museum sequence. that's the human condition ...except for "michael o'hara". and yet he'll be spending his life trying to forget his past ("elsa") -or die trying. "elsa" is part of "michael" and the tale eats its own tail in the end and the viewer is cautioned to stay out of trouble.

the first mystery is to guess what welles' original film was like. that makes this a real adventure -- to see an incomplete skeleton and using cinematic forensics, imagine the beautiful woman it once supported.if you do, you will both see and experience perhaps one of the best film mysteries ever. as mysteries go, the narrative is rather ordinary: a simple diversion, one jealous husband as red herring.what's rather miraculous is welles' placement of the story in an artificial eye seeing a dark, dark multifaceted world. the first real noir, but even darker. it's not an obviously twisted world, unless you think about the camera. what we can see firsthand is someone creating a vocabulary that would later become common.for all the celebration, kane was a success because of the great drama and story. the camera's eye was shocking, but experimental. welles would go from there to explore the mystery narrative and the self-reference of shakespeare with this eye. othello and macbeth are both begun in this period, and i consider them part of a single vision with this. the noir feel here hinges on the notion that people are not in charge of their lives, even a little -- they are manipulated by random factors in the environment. so in telling this story, welles has to make the environment into a character. several characters as suspects in the mystery.thus we have the famous lighting, blocking and angles we know (and have since seen countless times). and we have the deliberately closed sets: the park, yacht, picnic area, aquarium, dock, courtroom, chinese theater and funhouse. i am certain that what was cut by the barbarians was lots and lots of 'external' narrative dealing not with character but with these strange environments.my own solution to the mystery is that the funhouse did it, among the other character-environments introduced as suspects. in other words, the manipulation of black irish (who we know from notes and one scene typing at the union hall was an aspiring novelist) was neither: a force of human conspiracy (the park or the civilized version, the courtroom) nor of nature (the picnic or the civilized version, the aquarium).instead it was a matter of deliberate caprice by the gods for amusement. this is of course a self-reference to what welles is doing: putting these people (including himself) through hell for our own caprice, a matter underscored by the peking opera set with welles doped up. and of course leading to the funhouse where the environment directly tinkers with perception.more about the self-reference: surely there is conscious comment on his relationship with his soon to be exwife. but i believe there is strong subconscious comment on his own taunting the environment in which he worked, the studio environment. surely welles was as much screwed with, and in much the same way, as his character. and that screwing took the form of the murder of this film, leaving the rotting corpse mentioned at the beginning of this comment.that poor rita comes from china ties up the whole thing, the chinese theater, the expected rape from above, the loss of the woman. the investment in environment beyond all.

at the point in time that the lady from shanghai was being made, the marriage of orson welles and rita hayworth was disintegrating. the film was as much an effort by welles to rekindle the old flames as it was to make a classic noir. not received well at the time, the lady from shanghai has gotten more and more critical acclaim as years pass. gotten better with age so to speak.welles is irish seaman michael o'hara who on a fateful night rescues the beautiful rita hayworth from three muggers in central park. sparks do fly, but then comes the rub, turns out the lady is married to crippled, but brilliant criminal attorney everett sloane. nevertheless sloane takes an apparent liking to welles and hires him to skipper his yacht.so far this film is starting to sound a lot like gilda. if orson had seen gilda and was not at this point thinking with his male member, he would have skedaddled back to the seaman's hiring hall in lower manhattan. instead he gets himself involved in a lovely web or intrigue and finds himself pegged for two murders and sloane as his eminent counsel.welles for whatever reason decided that his wife would be a blond in this film. supposedly harry cohn hit the roof as rita was internationally known for her coppery red hair. this may have soured him on the picture as he joined the legion of studio bosses who saw welles's vision of independent film making a threat to their power.stage actor glenn anders plays sloane's partner grisby who is one slimy dude, he winds up a corpse. the other corpse to be here is ted decorsia, a bottom feeding private detective who tries to go in business for himself.it's a good noir thriller, showing rita at her glamorous best even if she was a blond here. the final shoot out in the hall of mirrors is beautifully staged, but i wouldn't recommend seeing it if one is on any controlled substance.

made in 1946 and released in 1948, the lady and shanghai was one of the big films made by welles after returning from relative exile for making citizen kane. dark, brooding and expressing some early cold war paranoia, this film stands tall as a film-noir crime film. the cinematography of this film is filled with welles' characteristic quirks of odd angles, quick cuts, long pans and sinister lighting. the use of ambient street music is a precursor to the incredible long opening shot in touch of evil, and the mysterious chinese characters and the sequences in chinatown can only be considered as the inspiration, in many ways, to roman polanski's chinatown. unfortunately, it is welles' obsession with technical filmmaking that hurts this film in its entirety. the plot of this story is often lost behind a sometimes incomprehensible clutter of film techniques.however, despite this criticism, the story combined with wonderful performances by welles, hayworth and especially glenn anders (laughter) make this film a joy to watch. orson welles pulls off not only the irish brogue, but the torn identities as the honest but dangerous sailor. rita hayworth, who was married to welles at the time, breaks with her usual roles as a sex goddess and takes on a role of real depth and contradictions. finally, glenn anders strange and bizarre portrayal or elsa's husbands' law partner is nothing short of classic!

as i watched one of orson welles' last contributions to hollywood as a filmmaker, i knew i was watching a great movie unfold, though at times i did not know why. the story in the lady from shanghai has the prime elements of a film-noir: average-joe lead, femme fatale, conspicuous supporting characters, and a comprehensible if somewhat convoluted plot structure. it is an entertaining ride, and it's filled to the brim with welles' unique gifts as a director, but there are scenes that tend to just not work, or don't feel complete in what was welles' full vision (the latter is unfortunately too true- executive producer harry cohn and the columbia execs are to blame for that).welles co-stars with his then wife, the profoundly gorgeous rita hayworth, as mike o'hara, an irish worker who can and does get angry at the right people. hayworth is mrs. bannister, married to mr. bannister (everett sloane, who played mr. bernstein in citizen kane), who is accompanied by a friend mr. grisby (glenn anders, who has great control in his eyes). they want to go sailing on their yacht and take o'hara along for the ride, and at first he's reluctant, but agrees since he's falling for the married mrs. as their journey unfolds, o'hara finds that bannister and grisby are not pleasant to be around, and more so with grisby, who at first seems out of his gourd. yet as the plot unfolds, o'hara is drawn into a scam that grisby is planning for insurance money, with results that i dare not reveal (although they have been discussed over and over by others).whatever liabilities pop up here and there in the mystery part of the story (and those few noticeable moments where shots were studio dictated), the performances and the look of the film are what remains striking after over fifty-five years. though he doesn't have the terrific greg tolland (kane's dp) at his side, dependable charles lawton jr. assists welles in creating an atmosphere that is both elegant and stark, covered in shadows, deep focus, low angles, the works. a particular accomplishment is the fun-house mirror scene, which is merely a highlight among others. welles himself is always dependable as an actor- even if his accent isn't anything special- and hayworth herself makes a scene a little more lush, despite her path in the story. the lady from shanghai is worth checking out, especially for welles, hayworth, or film-noir buffs (fans of the coen brothers might find this fascinating as well). it may just take a little while, repeat viewings (as was for touch of evil), for the underlying motives in the plot to sink in.

orson welles' "the lady from shanghai" does not have the brilliant screenplay of "citizen kane," e.g., but charles lawton, jr.'s cinematography, the unforgettable set pieces (such as the scene in the aquarium, the seagoing scene featuring a stunning, blonde-tressed rita hayworth singing "please don't love me," and the truly amazing hall of mirrors climax), and the wonderful cast (everett sloane in his greatest performance, welles in a beautifully under-played role, the afore-mentioned miss hayworth--welles' wife at the time--at her most gorgeous) make for a very memorable filmgoing experience. the bizarre murder mystery plot is fun and compelling, not inscrutable at all. the viewer is surprised by the twists and turns, and welles' closing line is an unheralded classic. "the lady from shanghai" gets four stars from this impartial arbiter.

one can only imagine the film mr. welles might have finished without the interference of the studio! this film is a flawed welles, but worth every minute of it because one can see the greatness of perhaps america's best motion picture director of all times!we can see the toll it took on orson welles the filming of this movie. the story has a lot of holes in it, perhaps because of the demands of the studio executives that didn't trust the director. it is curious by reading some of the opinions submitted to imdb that compare orson welles with the coen brothers, roman polanski, even woody allen, when it should be all of those directors that must be regarded as followers of the great master himself. no one was more original and creative in the history of american cinema than mr. welles. lucky are we to still have his legacy either in retrospective looks such as the one the film forum in new york just ended, or his films either on tape or dvd form.rita hayworth was never more lovingly photographed than here. if she was a beauty with her red hair, as a blonde, she is just too stunning for words. everett sloan and glenn anders made an excellent contribution to the movie.the only thing that might have made this film another masterpiece to be added to orson welles body of work, was his own appearance in it. had he concentrated in the directing and had another actor interpret michael o'hara, a different film might have been achieved altogether. orson welles has to be credited for being perhaps a pioneer in taking the camera away from the studio lot into the street. the visuals in this film are so amazing that we leave the theater after seeing this movie truly impressed for the work, the vision and the talent he gave us.

after citizen kane in 1941, hollywood executives turned their cob-webbed backs on the great orson welles. with the exception of kane, welles lost all creative control on magnificent ambersons, journey into fear, and many other films to come. welles was an innovative and creative genius, the most unconventional of filmmakers when hollywood was in need of a few more. the lady from shanghai is yet another example of the misunderstood view of welles' films at the time, a movie that seems a bit choppy and non-fluent. it has a conventional 1940's premise told in a most unconventional way, and i am sure some scenes ended up on the cutting room floor. it is now legend that columbia mogul harry cohn stood up during its initial screening and asked what it was about. in hindsight, many old grumps that ran the studios back then had not one clue as to the cinematic techniques and master story-telling of orson welles and the lady from shanghai is only nearly great because of their intrusion.beside being arguably the greatest director of all-time, welles was also quite a performer as an actor. at 25, we all know what he did as "charles foster kane", perhaps the most famous character in film history. here, he inhabits a rare character of dim wit and not much intelligence, something unfamiliar to those familiar with welles other great work. instead of a slick, wise tongue, he speaks with a rough, irish twang. rita hayworth (his unhappily married wife at the time) plays an unhappily married wife of a lawyer who puts welles in a spell and is able to draw him into a job that will take him to the limits of deception and disillusionment. he is a large lug who may have even murdered a man, but the real mystery lies in the relationship between hayworth (with stunning blonde hair) and crippled hubby everett sloane (mr. bernstein from citizen kane). a creepy partner of sloane's is along for the sail around the country to set off a number of peculiar events that has welles' "michael o'hara" head spinning. welles narrates the picture as o'hara, but things are still unclear throughout. see for yourself and realize that it takes at least 2 viewings to fully know exactly what's up.an uncharacteristically strange courtroom sequence centers around "o'hara", with sloane defending him. it is an oddly comedic scene with some quirky courtroom methods, including sloane cross-examining himself. i didn't really laugh here because the film stalls at this point after a first portion that never gets to take off anyway. up to this point, the cinematography is great, some scenes are shot with craft and skill (aquarium love scene), but there is no distinct line drawing the elements and us, the audience, in. reportedly, the court scene was re-shot against welles' requests (10 closeups of hayworth were ordered) and a makeshift song sung by the starlet was thrown in at cohn's insistence. a gaudy score infuriated welles, who once again, was left out of the editing process. thank welles himself for saving the film entirely with a tour-de-force ending that will always be treasured. the so-called "hall of mirrors" scene brings buffs back time and time again, rightfully so.it must be seen to be believed and it does a good job of wrapping up some confusing ideas presented. the crash of the mirrors represents "o'hara's" disillusionment and the "crazy house" itself is a masterpiece of art and set decoration. it seems more like a state of mind than an actual place and is indeed "crazy", twisted and turned like a dali painting. this is a great ending to a flawed picture that if left alone would probably have made the afi's top 100. then again, 3 or 4 more of orson welles films may have made all collective "best of" lists if he had been left alone to create his own magic.note: look for the mercury players that are so prominent in welles pictures. they pop up all over. rating: 8 of 10

of all the film noirs of the 1940s and 1950s, this has to rank as one of the strangest, and most fun to watch. i say that because of the four main actors: orson welles, rita hayworth, everett sloane and glenn anders. the first two names are familiar to everyone but it was the last two that made this movie so entertaining to me, especially anders. his character, "george grisby," is one of the strangest people i've ever seen on film. his voice, and some of the things he said, have to be heard to be believed. slaone isn't far behind in the "strange" category. hayworth is not as glamorous with short, blonde hair but still is hayworth, which means a lot to ogle if you are a guy. welles' is as fascinating as always. one tip: if you have the dvd, turn on the english subtitles. his character in this movie is an irishman and you need the subtitles to understand everything he says. welles also directed the film which means you have great camera angles and wonderful facial closeups. you also have a unique ending, visually, with a shootout in a house of mirrors. great stuff! as bizarre as this film is, i still thought the buffoon-like carnival atmosphere at the trial near the end was too much and took away from the seriousness of the scene. other than that, no complaints. this is great entertainment, which is the name of the game.

after all, you do not go to an orson welles movie to see a nice simple little plot and a burnishing of the image of a happy-ever-after staryou go to see theatrically heightened characters locked in conflict against colorful and unusual settings, lighted and scored imaginatively, photographed bravely, and the whole thing peppered with unexpected details of surprise that a wiser and duller director would either avoid or not think of in the first place as usual, as well as directing, welles wrote the script and he also played the hero  a young irish seaman who had knocked about the world and seen its evil, but still retained his clear-eyed trust in the goodness of others unfortunately for him, he reposed this trust in rita hayworth, whose cool good looks concealed a gloomy past and murderous inclinations for the future she was married without love, to an impotent, crippled advocate, acted like a malevolent lizard by the brilliant everett sloane there is a youthful romanticism underlying it all, and this quality came into exuberant play in "the lady from shanghai." before the inevitable happened, welles escaped  to a final triangular showdown in a hall of mirrors, which has become one of the classic scenes of the post-war cinema  welles did not miss a chance throughout the whole film to counterpoint the words and actions with visual detail which enriched the texture and heightened the atmosphere his camera seemed almost to caress rita hayworth as the sun played with her hair and her long limbs while she playfully teased the young seaman into her web

these are excerpts from a nine-page "memo to mr. cohn from mr. welles", written after orson had seen studio mogul harry cohn's edited version of the picture (he took an hour out): "...the preview title music was written by a first rate composer, george antheil. although not written for our picture at all, this temporary title music had an atmosphere of darkness and menace combined with something lush and romantic which made it acceptable...the only musical idea which seems to have occurred to this present composer (heinz roemheld) is the rather weary one of using a popular song--the "theme"--in as many arrangements as possible. throughout we have musical references to "please don't kiss me" for almost every bridge and also for a great deal of the background material. the tune is pleasing, it may do very well on the hit parade--but lady from shanghai is not a musical comedy...mr. roemheld is an ardent devotee of an old-fashioned type of scoring now referred to in our business as "disney". in other words, if somebody falls down, he makes a "falling down" sound in the orchestra, etc., etc...if the lab had scratched initials and phone numbers all over the negative, i couldn't be unhappier about the results...just before i left to go abroad, i asked vi (viola lawrence, the editor) to make a cut which would involve dropping the near accident with the taxi-cab and also quite a bit of dialogue. i am convinced that this would have been an excellent cut...saving much needed footage in the slow opening sequence (this was not done, accounting for the main weaknesses of the film's opening reel)...there is nothing in the fact of rita's diving to warrant a big orchestral crescendo...what does matter is rita's beauty...the evil overtones suggested by grigsby's character, and michael's bewilderment. any or all of these items might have inspired the music. instead, the dive is treated as though it were a major climax or some antic moment in a silly symphony: a pratfall by pluto the pup, or a wild jump into space by donald duck...there is no sound atmosphere on the boat. a little wind and water is sorely missed. there's no point in photographing a scene on a real boat if you make it sound as though it all happened in front of a process screen...at the start of the picnic sequence...in the temporary score, we used a very curious, sexy latin-american strain...this has been replaced with a corny "dramatic" sequel--bad stock stuff...this sort of music destroys that quality of strangeness which is exactly what might have saved lady from shanghai from being just another whodunit...there is a big musical outburst after grigsby's line, "i want you to kill him." this is absurd...the hawaiian guitar music which comes out of the radio...was supposed to be corny enough to make a certain satirical point. as it stands now, it's on about the same level as the rest of the scoring. nobody in the audience could possibly suspect that we're kidding...the aquarium scene needs more echo. "please don't kiss me" is in again!...a bad dubbing job and poor scoring has destroyed the character of michael's run down the pier. from the gunshot through to the phone call, a careful pattern of voices had been built up with the expenditure of much time and effort. for some reason, this has all been junked in favor of a vague hullabaloo. as a result, the whole sequence seems dull...the audience should feel at this point, along with michael, that maybe they are going crazy. the new dubbing job can only make them feel that maybe they're going to sleep...the gun battle with the breaking mirrors must not be backed with music...the closing music again makes reference to "please don't kiss me"...this finale is obvious to the point of vulgarity, and does incalculable injury to the finish of the picture."all of these edits from orson were ignored

joan fontaine here is entirely convincing as an amoral beauty who is entirely incapable of feeling love for anyone but herself. her husband (richard ney) has lost all his money through a combination of his foolhardiness and her extravagance, and they are reduced to living in a tiny room, with little or no prospects. they continue to put on the most amazing clothes and go out and socialize as if nothing were wrong. he is a charming, feckless, but wholly amiable fellow. however, fontaine decides he has to go, as he has outlived his usefulness. so she resolves to poison him when she realizes he does not want to divorce her, so that she can move on. she has meanwhile had a lover (patric knowles) whom she decides to drop because he is not rich either. she meets the aging herbert marshall, who has a yacht with all the trimmings and more money than even fontaine could figure out how to spend. she targets him and decides he will do nicely. he is all too eager to be eaten up by the young beauty. he certainly isn't very exciting, and has about as much sex appeal as yesterday's omelette. but fontaine is one of those gals who has eyes only for money, and the man standing between her and it is transparent, so that she doesn't even notice or care what he looks like, she looks through him and sees what she really wants and goes for it. she proceeds to poison her husband, and dispatches him very neatly and satisfactorily, so that everything is going well. but as always happens in the movies, and sometimes even in life, some unexpected things begin to go wrong, and the tension rises appreciably, so that fontaine begins to sweat. fontaine is particularly good at looking wicked and terrified, and as the net begins to close in on her, her rising sense of desperation is palpable and has us on the edges of our seats. hysteria and fear take over from cool calculation and cunning. but she finds a fall guy for her crime in the person of her cast off lover, who is an innocent victim of her scheme to set him up. he is condemned to death for murder, because the husband's death by poison came to light unexpectedly. but sir cedric hardwicke, playing a grimly determined scotland yard inspector, thinks there may be something amiss, and begins to doubt the story and suspect fontaine. he closes in on her, and some of the scenes as this happens are inspired portrayals of the wildest panic. but will the innocent man's life be saved before he is executed? will fontaine worm her way out of this one? will herbert marshall protect her to safeguard his infatuation? this film is expertly directed by sam wood, and the film is a really superb suspense thriller which i suppose qualifies very well for the description of a superior film noir.

does anyone happen to know where this film was shot? the aviation scene on the cliff is beautiful. it appears to be england. however, ivy's apartment building certainly looks like the brill building, with its fascinating elevators.charles mendl is listed as playing "sir charles gage". maybe i blinked, but i never saw him. perhaps he was the husband's lawyer, but, again, i don't recall that character being in the film, other than being mentioned as having made a phone call. perhaps he was in the aviation scene? or the ballroom scene? did anyone spot him?herbert marshall was 57 years old when he shot this film.

warning: contains a spoiler. corny plot and in many cases terrible acting. fontaine is great, but some others, particularly richard ney, ivy's husband, are exceedingly wooden. ney lies in bed, dying of arsenical poisoning, with every hair in place. yet the movie is so juicy and so suspenseful. more faithful to the book than most movies of its era. casting joan fontaine as a poisoner (and an adulteress, which was just as shocking then - i'm not kidding, kids) was a masterful stroke. she's just her usual joan fontainey self. as murderers were supposed to, she dies by falling "feet foremost through the floor into an empty space."

an excellent period murder melodrama, with fontaine effectively playing against her earlier naive wallflower type, in a role that reportedly olivia dehavilland turned down. that's fine, because fontaine is wonderful. scripted by charles bennett, who had written for hitchcock in the thirties and also later penned the excellent script for the classic british horror film night of the demon. the opening scene, where ivy visits a sinister fortune teller played by the wonderful una o'connor (the screecher of james whale fame), is a tour de force, and the film maintains interest throughout the numerous sinister machinations. i hope to see this film on dvd someday, but despair of that ever happening, because it seems to be an undeservedly obscure film. fortunately i got to see it on amc some seven or eight years ago, but have not seen since. catch it if you can!

poor ivy: though to the manner born, she had the bad luck to marry a charming wastrel (richard ney). as the movie is set in the 20s or 30s, when rigid victorian ideas of class were starting to fray at the edges, this uncertain status vexes her unduly. the gretorexes (for so they are called) don't know where their next shilling is coming from but there are yachting parties and fancy-dress balls in posh pleasaunces aplenty to tempt her. when ivy (joan fontaine) makes the acquaintance of a wealthy older gent (herbert marshall, who must have been born middle-aged), she sets one of her extravant chapeaux for him. luckily, one of the beaux she still strings along (patric knowles) is a physician whose consulting rooms provide a cache of poison, with which she bids her hubby farewell. the fact that it implicates knowles doesn't phase her a bit, even as the hours trickle by until he should be hanged by the neck until dead. the turning of the plot depends on police inspector sir cedric hardwicke; knowles' mother (the redoubtable lucile watson); and knowles' loyal housekeeper (una o'connor). sam wood adds some subtle touches to this well above average melodrama; fontaine's luminous face supplies the rest.

joan fontaine stars as the villain in this victorian era film. she convincingly plays the married woman who has a lover on the side and also sets her sights on a wealthy man, miles rushworth who is played by herbert marshall. mr. marshall is quite good as miles. miss fontaine acted her part to perfection--she was at the same time cunning, calculating, innocent looking, frightened and charming. it takes an actress with extraordinary talent to pull that off. joan fontaine looked absolutely gorgeous in the elegant costumes by travis banton. also in the film is joan's mother, lillian fontaine as lady flora. i highly recommend this film.

loved joan. great performance. what isn't she good in. i watched this film and then jane eyre right after... she just keeps getting better. my heart was racing. great old movie drama. just what i want from a classic movie. facial expressions are worth the whole film. i'm glad i have it on video. don't know what more you need in a film. beautiful woman....wealth..... greed.....murder....detectives......a trial.....the costumes are very nice. makes me wonder what the budget was for this movie? wish they still made films like this. whenever they try they just seem to make a cheesy movie. films in black and white still hold a certain mystery.

i love this film. the noir imagery combined with spillane's no nonsense character mike hammer works marvellously to create a mood and feel seldom found in low budget detective films of the early fifties. it may not be 'the maltese falcon' but this film makes it's own solid contribution to the genre. spillane is often criticised for alleged misogyny etc, but his 'dames' are way above their male counterparts in terms of cunning and intelligence. poor old mike hammer, as effectively played by biff elliott, is blinded by the beauty of the mysterious psychiatrist whom he meets when investigating the death of an army buddy. when the penny finally drops his face is a picture. good to see that 50s censorship did not force the film makers to omit the famous last line. a bona fide low budget classic.

i consider this film to be the best one about mike hammer, with biff elliott's performance the definitive mike hammer. harry essex's script is excellent and contains many improvements on mickey spillane's novel. his direction is strong and imaginative, and he makes fine use of light and shadow. the camera work by john alton is top-notch, as is the score by franz waxman. the cast includes many veteran players, as well as peggie castle in her memorable performance as charlotte manning. all in all, this is one of the finest private eye films ever made. biff elliott and haary essex should have received more opportunities. i have always treasured this film.

a real classic, ten out of ten! every actor is perfect, the screenplay is a haunting succession of suspenseful scenes. scenes in car and scenes in the mountains are breathtaking. wonder if this film is already out in dvd, because it must be seen in widescreen version. saw this film in the late fifties, maybe three or four times, and never since then forgot it.i remember it was one of the first warner like cinemas cope features, process called warnerscope which gave a very neat cinematography. shelley winters and jack palance deserved an oscar for their performances.the only thing i could criticize is not having been directed by someone like, say nicholas ray, to increase its rhythm and tension.

`mad dog' earle is back, along with his sad-sack moll marie, and that fickle clubfoot velma. so are babe and red, doc and big mac, and even the scenery-chewing mutt pard. the only thing missing is a good reason for remaking raoul walsh's high sierra 14 years later without rethinking a line or a frame, and doing so with talent noticeably a rung or two down the ladder from that in the original. (instead of walsh we get stuart heisler, for humphrey bogart we get jack palance, for ida lupino shelley winters, and so on down through the credits.) the only change is that, this time, instead of black-and-white, it's in warnercolor; sadly, there are those who would count this an improvement.i died a thousand times may be unnecessary  and inferior  but at least it's not a travesty; the story still works on its own stagy terms. earle (palance), fresh out of the pen near chicago, drives west to spearhead a big job masterminded by ailing kingpin lon chaney, jr.  knocking over a post mountain resort. en route, he almost collides with a family of oakies, when he's smitten with their granddaughter; the smiting holds even when he discovers she's lame. arriving at the cabins where the rest of gang holes up, he finds amateurish hotheads at one another's throats as well as winters, who throws herself at him (as does the pooch). biding time until they get a call from their inside man at the hotel, palance (to winter's chagrin) offers to pay for an operation to cure the girl's deformity, a gesture that backfires. then, the surgical strike against the resort turns into a bloodbath. on the lam, palance moves higher into the cold sierras....it's an absorbing enough story, competently executed, that lacks the distinctiveness walsh and his cast brought to it in 1941, the year bogie, with this role and that of sam spade in the maltese falcon, became a star. and one last, heretical note: those mountains do look gorgeous in color.

***spoilers*** all too, in real life as well as in the movies, familiar story that happens to many young men who are put in a war zone with a gun, or rifle, in their hands. the case of young and innocent, in never handling or firing a gun, jimmy davis, franchot tone, has been repeated thousands of times over the centuries when men, like jimmy davis, are forced to take up arms for their country.jimmy who at first wanted to be kicked out of the us army but was encouraged to stay, by being belted in the mouth, by his good friend fred p. willis, spencer tracy, ended up on the front lines in france. with jimmy's unit pinned down by a german machine gun nest he single handedly put it out of commission picking off some half dozen german soldiers from the safety of a nearby church steeple. it was when jimmy gunned down the last surviving german, who raised his arms in surrender, that an artillery shell hit the steeple seriously wounding him.recovering from his wounds at an army hospital jimmy fell in love with us army volunteer nurse rose duffy, gladys george. rose was really in love with jimmy's good friend the happy go lucky fred despite his obnoxious antics towards her. it's when fred was lost during the fighting on the western front that rose, thinking that he was killed, fell in love and later married jimmy. when fred unexpectedly showed up in the french town where jimmy, now fully recovered from his wounds, was stationed at things got very sticky for both him and rose who had already accepted jimmy's proposal of marriage to her!with wwi over and jimmy marrying rose left fred, who's still in love with her, a bitter and resentful young man. it was almost by accident that fred ran into jimmy on the streets of new york city and discovered to his shock and surprise that he completely changed from the meek and non-violent person that he knew before he was sent to war on the european western front. smug and sure of himself, and his ability to shoot a gun, jimmy had become a top mobster in new york city's underworld! not only that but as fred later found out his wife rose had no idea what jimmy was really involved in with jimmy telling her that he works as a law abiding and inoffensive insurance adjuster.jimmy's life of crime came full circle when rose, after she found out about his secret life, ratted him out to the police to prevent him from executing a "valentine day" like massacre, with his gang members dressed as cops, of his rival mobsters. while on trial jimmy came to his senses and admitted his guilt willing to face the music and then, after his three year sentence is up, get his life back together. ***spoiler alert*** hearing rumors from fellow convicts that rose and his best friend fred were having an affair behind his back jimmy broke out of prison ending up a fugitive from the law. it's at fred's circus, where he works as both manger and barker, that jimmy in seeing that rose as well as fred were true to him that he, like at his trial, had a sudden change of heart. but the thought of going back to prison, with at least another ten years added on to his sentence, was just too much for jimmy! it was then that jimmy decided to end it all by letting the police who by then tracked him down do the job, that he himself didn't have the heart to do, for him!

sandwiched in between san francisco and captains courageous two of spencer tracy's greatest parts is this very curious film about war and the effects it has on some people. they gave him a gun stars spencer tracy and franchot tone in the only film they ever made together and gladys george as the woman who loves them both.tracy and tone are a couple of world war i draftees, tone is a weak character who almost goes over the hill in boot camp, but tracy stops him. tracy is still playing the lovable blowhard, younger wallace beery type that mgm envisioned for him when they signed him away from fox. over at the front tone gets an opportunity and takes it when during a fight he manages to get to a church tower that peers down on a german machine gun nest. he's learned to shoot by now and he does a sergeant york. but alvin c. york was never changed by the war the way tone has.wounded in the fight tone convalesces at a hospital with gladys george looking out for him. tracy goes awol himself to visit his pal and he and george get something going. later on when tracy is reported missing in action, tone and george marry. tracy's brokenhearted when he comes back and learns of the marriage, but takes sit in stride. the rest of the film is dealing with tone applying the the wartime skills he's learned to the gangster trade. he's a hit-man now and george doesn't really know what he does for a living. i think you can figure the rest out.the part of the film that gave me some trouble is that i can't believe gladys george couldn't figure it out. she's a street smart girl, her part is very much like the one she played in the roaring twenties opposite james cagney.speaking of the roaring twenties, humphrey bogart's character development there is similar to tone's although he was not the central character of the movie. in fact there are elements of they gave him a gun that are to be found in taxi driver and in clint eastwood's classic, the unforgiven. the world war i battle sequences are very well staged by director woody van dyke. for some reason leonard maltin panned this film, i think it's a lot better than he gave it credit.

the premise is a bit better than the execution, but that doesn't mean the film is worth a look. splendid supporting cast makes this a fun mystery to unravel. raines is great as the resourceful woman determined to solve this puzzlement. i always enjoy thomas gomez.

pretty good picture about a man being in the wrong place at the wrong time. if the murderer wanted to whack the dame, why not just off her and let the cops try to figure out whodunnit? involving all these characters in the plot is dangerous, not to mention all the mouths you'd have to worry about staying shut. why did the depressed lady go out to the bar when she could barely sit up in a chair or say a word? are there really cops out there who are wise cracking, gum popping, grinning apes who approach a suspect in such a glib manner? this probably played well back before the wheel was invented, but it is so corny and unbelievable today. catch the manic drum break by elisha cook; his frenetic hammering never once matched the recording. his mad facial expressions made up for the off kilter stick sync.

ella was excellent, franchot was unavoidably over-the-top (but he played similar parts in other films such as "the man on the eiffel tower") and alan was nearly non-existent but the film certainly "thrilled".*mild spoiler ahead*: i wonder how many times elisha cook got strangled in his films but i seem to recall various other examples. i will avoid naming the murderer but i think it's necessarily obvious because of the plot "thriller" demands.a very well-done but dated film noire (for example: everyone smoked like crazy and the police were really stock characters. and no dead bodies were ever shown, unlike today's gore fests.) done in the familiar short-scene tableaux format of the period.8 out of 10.

this is a film which had eluded me thus far but, now that i've watched it, emerges as one of the major entries in the noir style. as usual with the divx format, the viewing was far from ideal  marred by the occasional video and (mostly) audio glitches  but, given that the film is still unavailable on r1 dvd, this will have to do for the moment. since the film's reputation is quite high within the genre itself, i assume that the reason behind this oversight is because it does not have a well-known actor in the lead.anyway, the belated entrance of the film's nominal star  franchot tone  packs quite a wallop (especially as he is shown to be the villain from the first)! tone was a underrated actor  he was rarely given meaty roles, and this may well be his best (making his paranoiac both fascinating and believably dangerous). the female lead  ella raines, who would later feature in brute force (1947) as well as siodmak's own the suspect (1944) and the strange affair of uncle harry (1945)  is quite lovely and capably takes on the role of the distraught secretary out to prove her convicted boss (alan baxter) innocent of his wife's brutal murder. other key supporting parts are essayed by thomas gomez as the initially bullying but ultimately sympathetic police investigator, and elisha cook jr.  the genre's quintessential fall guy  as an ill-fated "ladies' man" of a percussionist.like brute force's jules dassin, siodmak was on a noir roll at this point in his career and this film definitely benefits from his superb direction  all tilted angles and terrific set-pieces, including the justly celebrated jazz sequence in which cook manically beats on his drums in a sexual frenzy brought on by the sluttishly-attired raines (who is putting on an act to get his attention and eventually drive him to confess that he withheld evidence at the inquest which could spring her resigned lover from jail). another great, lengthy sequence is the one in which raines follows a bartender (another uncooperative witness) around the streets of new york  which results in his being mowed down by a car! notable, too, is the trial sequence  which is entirely depicted through the audience's reaction so that judge, jury, witnesses and d.a. are never actually seen (although the judge's voice is recognizably that of veteran character actor samuel s. hinds). the centerpiece of the film is the scene in which gomez and tone discuss the nature of the criminal involved, with the inspector's put down of the latter as mentally insane giving the initially smug tone "dizzy spells". the suspenseful climax finds raines alone with tone in his apartment, where she discovers evidence of his guilt  and he confesses to having had an affair with baxter's wife, but killed her when she wouldn't desert her husband for him.by the way, i hit upon a little goof in the film: while the story is clearly set in 1943, i noticed that during the taxi cab ride towards the beginning of the film  in which alan curtis escorts the titular lady to the theater  the establishing shot of new york (comprising clearly of stock footage) features a marquee promoting laurel and hardy's 1938 musical comedy, swiss miss! incidentally, famed mystery writer cornell woolrich wrote the original novel on which this was based using a pseudonym.

drum scene is wild! cook, jr. is unsung hero of this and many movies. fantastic actor, great flick. a few twists that keep you moving. a must-see.

alan curtis has a loud, violent sounding argument with his wife, slams out of his apartment, has a night of drinking with a mysterious lady with a large hat in a bar (run by andrew tombes, in a nice villainous part for a change), and returns to find his wife dead and the police, led by thomas gomez waiting for him. his attempts to prove his alibi - that he was with that mysterious lady - fall because everyone that he can think of (tombes, elisha cook) claims there was never any such person. he ends up with no alibi, although his secretary (who secretly loves him) ellen raines believes him. convicted after a trial, he is awaiting his death sentence. raines starts going out after the truth, discovering that gomez has some doubts of his own. she also finds an ally in a friend of curtis, franchot tone, who was apparently out of town the night of the crime. will she clear curtis in time? the phantom lady is based on a novel by william irish (the great noir writer cornell woolrich). as movie fans know from other works by woolrich (leopard man, the night has a thousand eyes, rear window, no man of her own) one cannot assume what is true on the surface anywhere. the missing wife of a salesman may not actually be upstate, sending him messages that she arrived, if he still has her jewelry. the mentalist may really be able to predict tragedy - or was he plotting the murder of his old partner, now an oil millionaire? did a leopard kill the young women, or is the wealthy recluse in town actually hiding some guilty knowledge? is the young woman, claiming to be the wife of a brother killed in a train wreck, actually an impostor? here it is raines and gomez (with an assist by tone) trying to prove curtis did see a woman nobody will admit seeing - and if he did see her, why is nobody else able to recall seeing her? the problem with the story really is curtis's personality - he gives in too easily when found guilty of the crime he did not commit. in reality anyone who is innocent would be screaming it to the moment they are executed. however, in defense of curtis's collapse, it also happens to other people in various films: gary cooper, in mr. deeds goes to town, gets so disgusted about the framing he gets as delusional and mad by douglas dumbrille and his minions that he does not defend himself at first, until the people who would depend on his help cry out their fears in the courtroom and reawaken his sense of responsibility. but curtis just seems to give up. in normal circumstances raines, gomez, and everyone else would not care if curtis didn't.but the film survives this weakness. the slow unraveling of lies by witnesses bribed by the real killer allows two set pieces for raines with tombes on a deserted elevated platform and elisha cook at a jazz session. gomez turns out to be more perceptive than the villain expects in double checking his alibi again. and the villain manages to keep slightly ahead of raines and gomez until the concluding minutes of the film. if it is not as great a film as double indemnity or the postman always rings twice or the maltese falcon, it holds up pretty well until the moment curtis and raines are reunited at the end.

this is a "b series" film noir, and my vote reflects its membership in that genre. i saw this film last night at a left-bank cinema in paris, where it opened a two-week film noir run. the film has some flaws, yes, but far too many delicious elements to ignore.as the previous reviewer remarked, the drumming scene is incredible! (b-movies could tread where a-movies were forbidden to enter!) and the plot is intriguing. regarding franchot tone, however, i beg to disagree: to me, he's suitably mysterious; just the right shade of creepy. one must bear in mind that there's a sort of german expressionism happening here (the director, robert siodmark, was a german who came to hollywood during the war), and so an air of exaggeration fits into the whole of this film. at least it does for me.however, it's the gorgeous ella raines who, in only her third credited performance, held this viewer entranced throughout the film. a "girl friday" type with a strong resemblance to gene tierney, it's a wonder that she didn't become a household name. but she's so good here that i've just ordered another film of hers ('impact') off the internet, and i can't wait to see it as well.

other reviewers have summarized this film noir well. i just wanted to add to the "whew!" comment one reviewer made regarding elisha cook's obviously coke-fuelled drumming episode. this was a doozy, i must say. cook deserved some acclaim for his frenzied performance.a bit of trivia that i am surmising about: cook appeared as a waiter in the 1941 barbara stanwyck film, "ball of fire." he was a waiter in the nightclub where barbara was singing and legendary drummer gene krupa was drumming, most energetically. is it too much to suggest that cook's spazzy drumming in the later film, "phantom lady," was very much inspired by krupa's work, as witnessed by cook 3 years earlier? if you watch krupa in "ball of fire," i think you'll note some clearly similar body movements. one hopes, of course, that he was not influenced by any drugs at the time!

this noir may not be the best remembered film from the era, but it features a great mystery plot, the common noir atmosphere and some good performances from its lesser known cast members. robert siodmak, the talented director behind the mystery/horror classic 'the spiral staircase' directed this film two years earlier than the aforementioned film, and shows a real flair for creating a dark and brooding atmosphere as well as creating a plot that both intrigues and fascinates the viewer. phantom lady focuses on scott henderson; a man married to a woman he doesn't like. he picks up a lady in a big hat in a bar one night, and the two agree to a 'no strings attached' night of fun. however, he then returns home to find his apartment infested by police officers and soon finds out that the reason they are there is because his wife has been strangled with one of his neck ties! he's dismayed to find that no one he saw while with the mysterious woman can remember her, and naturally the jury sends him down for the murder of his wife. however, luckily for him his beautiful female employee gets on the case...the plot moves along nicely throughout, and unlike many of the better known noirs, this one features a few murders which make the proceedings more interesting. in fact, if it wasn't for the fact that it was made in the forties and shot in black and white, i would swear phantom lady was an italian giallo! the central characters are all interesting enough, with alan curtis providing a good portrayal of the unfortunate victim, and ella raines being effective as the female impromptu detective. the real standout of the film, however, is franchot tone, who provides a memorable performance as the insane villain of the piece. the film also features a role for supporting actor extraordinaire elisha cook jr, who features playing the drums in the film's most memorable segment. if i was to criticise this film, i would say that the identity of the murderer is revealed a little too early - although phantom lady does deserve some credit on that front for the original way it goes about it. the conclusion is satisfying and everything makes sense (which is amazing considering the unlikely plot line) and overall, phantom lady is surely one of the greatest and most under-seen noirs ever made!

a bizarre and brilliant combination of talents between the director, robert siodmak and ella raines as a secretary trying to save her boss from the electric chair by tracking down a mysterious "phantom" woman, and franchot tone as a crazed and murderous sculptor. as well there are some fascinating smaller parts played by elisha cook jr as a drugged out trap drummer, as well as the other characters who make up parts of the conspiracy. if you're used to seeing raines in more wholesome parts, she's allowed to go overboard here, especially in her scenes with cook. franchot tone also plays someone very different, and though it isn't a convincing part, he acts phenomenally. while the conspiracy is too contrived, the film has real atmosphere and is very interesting.

for the attention of chuck davis and emefy: i saw phantom lady many years ago, when i was not yet a jazz buff. there is an exhibition going until end of june in paris's brand new musee du quai branly, named le siecle du jazz, not to be missed, with as a special entertainment nine excerpts from jazz movies, including phantom lady's famous drums sequence. i've seen gene krupa - and elisha cook jr - in almost all their film appearances, and i can confirm the following: 1.elisha cook jr was dubbed in the movie. that was some progress, since in most of his other appearances he was killed (mainly in howard hawks's the big sleep). 2. krupa probably dubbed cook in pl. i could recognize his style, since he had already graduated from the tom-tom used (and abused) at the beginning of his career - namely in 1937's hollywood hotel's sing, sing, sing sequence - and eventually got everything that was possible from what we call in french "la caisse claire". 3. the sequence from pl, at least as shown in the museum,is not censored.harry carasso, paris, france

man, this is a hard dvd to come by. i could only find it on region 2, a spanish import, and it was expensive.was it worth it? well, yes. not so much because it's a masterpiece of film making, though directed by curt siodmak (the credits on imdb.com read "robert" but the dvd credits list curt), or because it has a couple of familiar figures from other murder mysteries -- elisha cook, jr., and thomas gomez -- but because my decade-long curiosity about the movie has finally been satisfied.essentially, a respected but self-contained engineer (alan curtis) has been stood up by his estranged wife and finds himself in a new york bar with two show tickets in his pocket. a woman with a strange hat is on the stool next to his and he politely invites her to join him at the musical review. she accepts, a little gloomily. the mopey bartender gives them both the eye as they leave.at the show, the tempestuous star notices that this lady in the audience is wearing the same hat and erupts offstage with anger. the drummer in the band, cook, leers at the silent lady but gets no response. curtis takes the woman to her home and asks her name but she won't give it, and she doesn't want to know his. if she'd been a longfellow devotee she'd have said something about ships that pass in the night.okay, curtis goes home to find his wife has been murdered in his absence. the head police officer, gomez, turns him over to the da. his only alibi is that he was with a phantom lady whom no one else seems to remember -- not the bartender, not the latina star, not the cab driver ("al alp"), not the drummer -- and since the lady herself has disappeared, it's impossible to dig her up.curtis is convicted and sentenced to die. but inspector gomez has thought things over and decided her's probably innocent because nobody with a brain would make up such a stupid story. he joins curtis's loving secretary, ella raines, in re-investigating the case informally.they visit the supposed witnesses again. the ominous bartender is run over by a car, perhaps accidentally, so he's out of the picture. the hot-tempered latina has left because the show closed and she's uncooperative and ignorant of the source of the hat anyway. elisha cook, jr., is strangled by the real murderer but not before he is featured in a scene in which he pounds the drums in an improvised jazz group. his sweaty face assumes an expression which doesn't suggest intense focus but rather a monstrous, orgasmic insanity. his eyeballs roll to the ceiling, his mouth gapes, his hammering becomes frenzied. i laughed out loud.nobody's performance is otherwise outstanding, but all are professional enough. thomas gomez is always reliable. best performance, though, is probably by franchot tone. he's the real murderer and he fakes his alibi. he's reserved and artistic. even when he faints he's decorous. i don't know how to put this precisely but tone seems to be thinking as well as simply acting his part. alan curtis as the innocent engineer is near zero on the kelvin scale and belongs in a b picture. i don't know why it's considered as classic. it's really your basic murder mystery by cornell woolrich, not as good as some of his others. but siodmak's direction is sensitive. a man gets run over and his hat winds up in a gutter with water running around it. his use of shadows is quietly effective.glad i got it.

phantom lady (1944) dir: robert siodmak production: universal picturesscott henderson (alan curtis), following a nasty fight and split with his wife, looks to drown his sorrows at the local watering hole. there he spies a woman in a similar emotional state and, looking for some companionship, asks her to a show at a club to get both their minds off their problems. she agrees, but only on the condition that they keep their names to themselves. sure enough, when scott gets home he finds the police there, waiting to question him. his wife's been murdered. where were you at 8 o'clock this evening, asks inspector burgess (thomas gomez)? but scott has an alibi, right? only he doesn't know the woman's name. and the bartender remembers scott but not the woman. neither does the cab driver. nor the drummer (elisha cook jr.) at the club. even the dancer at the club, who scott clearly caught looking at the woman (they were both wearing the same hat), won't acknowledge there was someone with him. something is going on, but whatever it is scott is helpless to defend himself at a trial and is sentenced to death for his wife's murder (on the flimsiest 'evidence' in hollywood judicial history). it's left to his loyal secretary, 'kansas' (ella raines), who's later joined by a sympathetic inspector burgess, to find out the real killer before scott is executed.phantom lady is built on themes that recur, almost compulsively, in woolrich's work. for example, the schizophrenic antagonist is also seen in black angel and the leopard man. additionally, there is the character who becomes mentally unhinged by the death of a sweetheart or spouse as found in rendezvous in black and the bride wore black. it can leave a viewer feeling like he's treading on well worn ground. but in the right hands, the feverish plots, sorry dialogue, the narrative inconsistencies, all are beside the point. fortunately, phantom lady was being guided by sound hands.this is siodmak's first noir. he would go on to distinguish himself as one of the, if not the, preeminent practitioners of the style (the killers, criss cross). here he is fortuitously paired with cinematographer woody bredell (they would be reunited on christmas holiday and the killers). there is some great storytelling done in the camera. in one shot, the deteriorating mental state of a character is shown as he sits in front of a 3-way mirror, suggesting multiple personalities. the same character, who is an artist, has van gogh's self portrait with the bandaged ear hanging on the wall in his apartment. but what siodmak and bredell are really doing in phantom lady is practically creating the look for noir. released very early in 1944, it's all here; the wet pavement, the bags of atmosphere and dread, the sharply contrasting b&w, the wildly expressionistic versions of reality (when kansas visits scott in prison), the discordant shafts of light, etc. it is a terrific picture to look at.franchot tone aside, the cast, as well as the subject matter and relative inexperience of the director (and presumably, the budget), suggests 'b' movie ambitions. i thought tone was a little hammy. alan curtis (high sierra) is not up to much, and actually comes off pretty weak in a few scenes. ella raines is mostly good (and quite beautiful). her 'sex scene' with elisha cook jr. is so delirious it has to be seen to be believed. another standout scene is when kansas goes after the bartender to question him. it amounts to a chase scene, as she relentlessly dogs him through the streets, with a stop at a subway station. some real good tension in there.*** out of 4

scott henderson (alan curtis) meets a mystery woman (fay helm) in a bar and invites her to see a show with him. she agrees on condition that they don't swap any information about each other - not even names. sometimes these are the best kind of dates. however, when he returns to his apartment, inspector burgess (thomas gomez) and his team are waiting for him. scott's wife has been murdered. his alibi is the mystery woman but no-one can remember seeing her and, as a result of this, scott is sentenced to die for the murder of his wife. his secretary kansas (ella raines) is not convinced of his guilt and sets out to find the woman who can save him from the death penalty.this is a good film and the viewer is 100% behind the attempts of kansas to get to the truth. we follow her through some memorable scenes, eg, her pursuit of mac the bartender (andrew tombes) at night and the claustrophobic venue where cliff the drummer (elisha cook jr) takes her to hang out, drink and dance while he jams with his friends. this is such a blatant depiction of sexual desire that it is a stand-out part of the film as everyone sweats intensely and rhythmically for the duration of the scene. ella raines is good in the female lead role and thomas gomez makes a likable policeman. alan curtis started well as the confused, innocent man, but once he is arrested his performance took a left turn as he became thoroughly unpleasant to kansas for no reason. god knows why she stuck by him.the film doesn't keep you guessing as to who the murderer is as we know from about halfway through the film, but this doesn't matter. in fact, it adds to the tension and dramatic development of the story as we will kansas to discover what is going on and then to get the hell out! it's a good film with some great scenes but although elisha cook jr has a memorable role, i just never like him in anything that i see him in.... someone hand me a neck-tie.....

i rated this film 7/10 which is an average of 8/10 for screenplay, direction and 1944 production values and 6/10 for acting.my acting rating in turn was calculated at 4/10 for all the screen characters except for that played by heroine ella raines as carol richman who was excellent at 8/10.also i commend thomas gomez as inspector burgess whose character convinces that he personally does not think the guilty verdict on scott henderson (alan curtis) was just in view of his naive alibi.these two then form an alliance to prove scott's alibi.i have this film on a "suevia film noir cine negro" dvd in spanish as "la dama desconocida" with the original soundtrack "ingles" as an alternative language, since despite searching i could not find a wholly english version.i was however anxious to see another performance by ella raines after being impressed with her performance as a heroine in "impact" playing a sole female garage proprietor.here ella performs another heroic role believing in the innocence of her engineer boss and refuses several suggestions that she should return to her home in kansas (her boss's pet name for her) before solving the missing alibi.the fact that she is secretly in love with her boss is a little hard to believe since he formally just seemed to have had a formal business relationship with her.he had however designed children's homes and playgrounds so i suppose "family man" had lit up in carol's brain.in the 1940s with "the film code" in operation, producers could only portray sex through metaphors and here it is done in the form of furious drumming played by elisha cooke jnr.carol dolls herself up as a girl of easy virtue in an attempt to lure the drummer into giving her information about "the phantom lady" alibi.the other main character, jack marlow (an associate of scott henderson) is played by franchot tone whose performance i found too theatrical and wondered why carol, for instance, did not notice him constantly and strangely admiring his hands.here the screenplay should have been improved and provided more suspense as these theatrical moves telegraphed the plot far too early to the audience.

scott henderson (alan curtis) is unjustly accused of killing his unfaithful wife. the night she was murdered he was out with a mystery woman who refused to give him her name. after accused of the murder, the police visit all the places he had been with her, but people only remember him being alone. he's sentenced to die and his secretary (ella raines) sets out to find the murderer herself because she loves him.this was made as a b film from universal (look at the cast--all character actors and one star--franchot tone--on the decline). the budget was small and the cast mostly unknown but what came out is one of the best film noirs of the 1940s. it's beautifully directed by curt siodmak and has a fantastic script that came from an excellent book by william irish (a pen name for cornell woolrich). it moves quickly and just looks fantastic. and there's the infamous jam session with raines and elisha cook jr. which just comes off the screen with incredible sexual energy (i'm surprised the censors didn't cut it).there are only a few flaws that prevent this from being perfect. tone gives a dreadful performance. he looks ghastly and he's just horrible. also curtis is stiff and bland as henderson. you really wonder why raines loves him--he's so unemotional. but raines is pretty good in the lead role. she's pretty and full of life. also the last scene when the murderer is after her never rings true. he's hardly a threat physically and her reactions just seem overstated.still i'm giving this a 9. a really great film--flaws aside.

i can safely admit (as an imdb geek) that 'phantom lady' will never crack into my film noir top twenty. it may not even sneak into the top fifty. but rather than discredit the film for not being as good as so many other classics of the film noir genre, it should be noted that 'phantom lady' has enough strong and lasting images in it to make it a worthwhile viewing. all that is required from the viewer is the ability to get beyond the dreadfully slow beginning.the film doesn't get cooking until 'kansas' (ella raines) sets about trying to prove all but single handedly the innocence of her boss, scott anderson (alan curtis), who has been convicted of murder. 'kansas' is anderson's secretary by day and amateur detective by night. as the novice sleuth she does quite well for herself while working the streets of new york at night. little by little she starts putting pieces of a murder mystery puzzle together. to be honest, the film belongs to raines and it is only due to her presence that the film works well at all. somehow she is able to breathe life into a film about a condemned man who is not interesting in the slightest. i'm not sure if this splintered dynamic of a characterless leading man becomes the fault of the actor or the director, but clearly this is where something becomes terribly wrong with the film.as interesting as raines is as a novice detective, things really accelerate into another hidden gear when 'kansas' pays a late night visit to a wandering drummer (elisha cook, jr.) in search of some information to help her condemned boss. she and the drummer paint the town a new kind of red while visiting the "all night" jazz clubs. trying to describe this scene will either prove an injustice to the scene or worse yet, it could ruin the scene all together. you'll know the scene once the last cymbal crash has finished ringing out. if you're lucky enough to have this film on dvd, you'll more than likely be rewinding this scene again and again. as good as raines is, it is this scene that makes this film noteworthy. it is mainly because of this scene that i rate 'phantom lady' a 7 instead of a 6.for the most part this film comes off as tepid and bland with a few great scenes and one magnificent scene. it is the 'drum/sex scene' that separates this film from any others of the same ilk.and just like it is said in the film that "you never go wrong with vanilla", i would also like to add that "going with vanilla" is the safe fall back choice when one can't decide on having a tastier treat.7/10. clark richards

robert siodmak does a fabulous job with this b noir starring ella raines, franchot tone, and alan curtis. and he does it, i might add, without a lot of help from his male actors, i.e., curtis and tone. it's raines all the way, a pretty, leggy actress who for one reason or another never reached the status of some of her "noir" counterparts.siodmak's use of sex, light, shadows, and music is truly remarkable as he tackles this genre. the shadows, lighting effects, and camera angles are all effective. but the highlight of the film takes place in a nightclub with a very sexual drum riff by elisha cook, egged on by an excited raines. it's this scene that brings "phantom lady" into new territory.siodmak's commitment to the material is matched only by raines, who gives a sincere performance as a woman in love trying to save her man. franchot tone phoned this one in. alan curtis didn't seem upset that he might die and didn't seem happy that he lived. and he never, except for a brief moment in prison, seemed to be in love with raines.the amusing thing about many of these films is that, as world war ii progressed, interest in psychiatry deepened. but often the terms were used incorrectly in films such as "possessed," "spellbound," and "the greatest show on earth." tone is called paranoid by thomas gomez - tone probably has some paranoia attached to his disorder, but he appears to be closer to a psychopath. in actuality, as evidenced by his headaches, he may have had a brain tumor pushing against his brain.phantom lady doesn't have the greatest plot, but it's well worth watching.

scott henderson, the engineer that employs carol richman, as his assistant, makes a point to call her "kansas", whenever he speaks to her. it shows us that carol, effectively played by ella raines, is supposed to be a babe in the woods, as far as the manhattan of the 40s was concerned. only a woman, from out of town, would follow the shady bartender to a solitary elevated subway. even then, only a naive girl could undertake such an adventure.robert siodmak directed this film noir very well. he shows a flair for infusing the story with a lot of raw sex that was surprising for those days. how else could we justify the way the drummer in the orchestra of the musical, where scott takes the mysterious woman with an unusual hat, makes such an overt pass at a lady on a date? the drummer played with high voltage by elisha cook jr. doesn't hide his desires for any of the ladies who sat in the front row of the hit musical where he plays. it was a real explicit invitation, first to the "phantom woman" of the story, fay helm; afterward, cliff the drummer, insinuates himself very openly to ella raines who goes to the theater disguised as the mystery dame her boss had taken originally.this is a film that will hook any viewer from the beginning. there are things not explained in it, but it holds the one's interest throughout. the killer is not revealed until the end. ella raines with her expressive eyes was an under estimated actress. she holds her own against much more experienced actors. franchot tone, a new york stage actor, working in hollywood, never found in this medium the fame he deserved. he is effective as the accused man's best friend. on the other hand, alan curtis, comes across as a man, who when framed, accepts his fate and is saved only by the tenacity of the woman who secretly loved him. thomas gomez, as the inspector burgess, is an asset to the film as a detective who has his doubts the police had caught the man who committed the crime.this movie will not disappoint.

sadly not available on dvd as yet, but worth pursuing on tcm or vhs. a secretary believes her boss is wrongly accused of murder, and courageously takes on many dangerous characters in an effort to establish the truth. a movie with many twists and dark alleyways, none of which i will mention! the jazz band sequence where our heroine seeks the information about the killer, is one of the most erotic scenes in hollywood history, despite being at very low budget and made during wwii in black and white. despite the low budget - long island looks somewhat mountainous - this is a movie of original style and outstanding vision. ella raines was a great actress discovered by howard hawks who knew much about these matters, casting the feistiest women - joanne dru, hepburn, angie dickinson, lauren bacall, ann sheridan - of their era. robert siodmak was of one of several german, hungarian & czech film-makers - sirk, wilder, zinnemann, lubitsch, curtiz,lang, etc - who migrs relocated to hollywood, and brought a highly original fresh vision with them. sadly ella raines was never given such a great part again, and eventually ended up in poorly produced westerns.

this is a very unusual film in that the star with the top billing doesn't appear literally until half way in. nevertheless i was engaged by the hook of the phantom lady. curtis, though competent as the falsely accused scott henderson, looks a little tough to be be sympathetic towards (perhaps he should have shaved his moustache) and his behavior when he first comes home should have convinced the cops at least to some degree of his innocence. while another commentator had a problem with franchot tone as jack marlowe i found his portrayal of the character to be impressively complex. he is no stock villain. superb character actor elisha cook jr. is again in top form as the 'little man with big ambitions.' his drumming in the musical numbers added a welcome touch of eroticism. this movie however is carried by the very capable and comely ella raines as the devoted would be lover of henderson, carol richmond. she definitely has talent and her screen presence is in the tradition of lauren bacall. this is the first of her work i have seen and i am definitely inclined to see her other roles. the rest of the supporting cast is also more than competent. all in all a very satisfying film noir mystery which when viewed today fully conveys the dark and complex urban world it is intended to. recommended, 8/10.

back in the forties, when movies touched on matters not yet admissible in "polite" society, they resorted to codes which supposedly floated over the heads of most of the audience while alerting those in the know to just what was up. probably no film of the decade was so freighted with innuendo as the oddly obscure desert fury, set in a small gambling oasis called chuckawalla somewhere in the california desert. proprietress of the purple sage saloon and casino is the astonishing mary astor, in slacks and sporting a cigarette holder; into town drives her handful-of-a-daughter, lizabeth scott, looking, in technicolor, like 20-million bucks. but listen to the dialogue between them, which suggests an older lesbian and her young, restless companion (one can only wonder if a.i. bezzerides' original script made this relationship explicit). even more blatant are john hodiak as a gangster and wendell corey as his insanely jealous torpedo. add burt lancaster as the town sheriff, stir, and sit back. both lancaster and (surprisingly) hodiak fall for scott. it seems, however, that hodiak not only has a past with astor, but had a wife who died under suspicious circumstances. the desert sun heats these ingredients up to a hard boil, with face-slappings aplenty and empurpled exchanges. don't pass up this hothouse melodrama, chock full of creepily exotic blooms, if it comes your way; it's a remarkable movie.

this is a pretty decent example of film noir. the setting is the early 50's with the communists trying to steal weapon secrets from the us government.richard widmark is the suave pickpocket without scruples. he gives a pretty decent performance but there is nothing a-list about him. the interesting thing was that he was not only an anti-hero but through most of the film, an unlikeable anti-hero. that is not very normal. jean peters gave a so-so performance as the hooker with the heart of gold. that great character actress thelma ritter shines as the stool-pigeon.the plot had its fair share of twists and turns, wisecracks and tough talk. there is a fight scene near the end of the movie (in the subway station) that was pretty gritty and exciting.i think noir fans (like myself) will enjoy this film. for non-noir viewers, it may seem a little dated and the whole commie thing a tad overdone.

samuel fuller is an interesting filmmaker, mainly because he had some very inconsistent politics in his films. while "shock corridor" and "the naked kiss" represented the hypocrisies and lunacy of america and "the big red one" was an effective portrait of the horrors of war, "merrill's marauders" painted war as necessary hell and "pickup on south street" is about the dangers of communist spies. all of his films make for very entertaining viewing, and even though he was often pigeonholed as a b-filmmaker, fuller was just as good as any of the major studio contractors. "pickup on south street" is no exception, and despite the dated themes, the film-making style is remarkably ahead of its time. its also a very quickly-pace, tight, and occasionally brutal film noir.the acting across the board is fantastic. richard widmark makes for a great anti-hero and jean peters is quite sexy as a girl who works for her communist spy boyfriend. the show stealer is thlema ritter however, in an absolutely delightful performance as a police stoolie. the angles fuller employs are great, making the acting sequences all the more exciting and brutal (this is very violent for its time). the camera continuously moves around just as tarantino and his school would do forty years later. "pickup on south street" is a great action-paced noir thriller. "shock corridor" remains my favorite fuller film, but this is a very close second. (8/10)

richard widmark is a tainted character in this movie. he is a professional pickpocket. he's been in prison three times, yet at the beginning of the film, he tries to make it four. thelma ritter is a busy body selling information to almost everybody. jean peters is amazing as the girl flamed by widmark.this is a period piece during the mccarthy era where the red scare ruled the politics and is worked into this plot quite nicely. what is unusual about this film is that peters & ritter are both victims of violent beatings in an era where women were seldom more than sex objects in films. this is what makes this film noir as women often got different roles in this type of film.the film is only 87 minutes long and was obviously made by fox as the under card for double features in the theater. the sets show it is a limited budget film. the script made j edgar hoover mad because patriotism is given short shrift. hoover wanted it changed.instead, it became a b under card picture that was a sleeper hit in 1953. the script & acting in it are better than other big features were that year.

thelma ritter did steal the picture. i just finished watching it again. i couldn't help becoming emotional in her final scene. she didn't get the oscar. that's why you shouldn't put too much faith in oscars. richard widmark never had a better part and was perfect casting as a 3-d, flawed human being. jean peters was great as the streetwise, tough girl in her best role ever. and richard kiley must have been very good; why else would i have hated him so. yes, it was heavy handed on the patriotism; but, without it, you don't have much of a film. watch their faces! the top three stars didn't really need much script. i would like to have seen them do this film without dialogue. if you've ever seen ray milland and rita gam in "the thief", maybe you know what i mean. when i was a kid in 1956 on my first trip to nyc, i made my bronx uncle drive us to the foot of south street looking for no. 66. that's when i knew that hollywood couldn't be trusted. but i did find the river.i'm not giving away much of the story because i hate it when i know what happens before i see it for myself. if you have seen it, no elucidation is necessary. just maybe, someone who is reading these comments hasn't seen "pickup on south street". you will like it; just don't go looking for 66 south street in new york city.

this 1953 sam fuller movie contains some of his best work, and its sad that he couldn't continue to get the backing of major hollywood studios to do his stuff. the story line goes something like this. a tough hard broad (read prostitute) is riding the subway one hot summer day, and gets her pocketbook picked by skip mccoy. what skip (and the dame) don't realize is that she is also carrying some microfilm to be passed to commie spies. this opening shot without dialogue, and mostly in tight close-ups is a beaut,one of the many that fuller uses throughout the movie. playing the babe known as candy is jean peters, who was never better nor better looking. one forgets how beautiful she was, and she handles this role very well. the pickpocket is played by richard widmark, who had already made his mark, and set his style with 1947's kiss of death as the crazy creep with the creepy laugh, and although he's a little "softer" here, he's still scary. these hard edged characters do have soft spots here and there, but its noir and nasty all the way. the standout performance belongs to the wonderful thelma ritter,who plays moe the stoolie saving up her dough to pay for her own funeral. ritter received a well deserved oscar nomination for her performance, but lost out to the boring but popular performance of donna reed as the b girl (read prostitute) in "from here to eternity." hollywood loves it when a good girl goes bad, and loves to oscar them even though their performance is usually awful. see for instance shirley jones in "elmer gantry. set among the docks and dives of new york city, with crisp black and white photography by the great joe macdonald,and some very good art direction. especially good is the set representing the new york city subways and widmark's shack near the river. made at the height of the cold war and red scare, the villian of the piece is the ordinary looking commie, played by richard kiley who is much more dangerous than the pickpocket who is a criminal but is just trying to make a living and above all is a loyal american.

in what will probably find itself on my list of fuller's best movies (that is, once i see more of them that just this and shock corridor), pickup on south street is a film noir where the femme fatale, as well as the male protagonist, are not the stereotypical ones in the genre. like most of his other works, fuller injects his own experiences and the sense of new york style that is usually absent in the hollywood noirs. on a small budget- at least for the likes of darryl f. zanuck- fuller and his actors create personas that are likable even in such a dark atmosphere. the good guys are basically the ones who won't get violent with you even as they're looking for an extra buck. richard widmark, jean peters, and thelma ritter are all terrific in the lead parts. widmark is one only a few actors i can think of who could've really pulled off this character. he's a little like bugs bunny, as he can be a wise-ass who is a little sneaky. on the other hand, the character of skip mccoy does have a set of values in his life. he doesn't go into other people's affairs, and doesn't try and care about much of the working world outside of his little shack on the river, after being sent away for three years. he slips up, unbeknownst to him, when he pickpockets a woman (peters) on the train, and lifts an item that's under the eye of the government. it may have some secrets that could make him a lot of money. but at what cost is the centerpiece of the film, as it involves stoolie moe (ritter is one of the finest, and most believable, character actors from the period), the woman's ex (a volatile kiley), and the police department.aside from the thematic elements, which are told with a keen dramatic, journalistic style (as was fuller's previous position, along with boxer), the dialog is fresh and involving. there's a spontaneity in many of fuller's camera moves. and what a third act. this is a lean, tight film-noir that is worth checking out even if you're not familiar with fuller (it's comparatively less bizarre than some of his later works).

director sam fuller has something of a cult following, particularly in europe. yet the bulk of his films are more than forgettable. he did however direct one really terrific movie in "pickup on south street". made pretty early on in his career, the movies that followed were vastly inferior.from the first to the last frame, "pickup" works on all levels. it's filmed with flawless fluidity, boasting fine performances all round. richard widmark and thelma ritter both players with a fine record of top notch performances, are at their peak. widmark, who was no stranger at playing villains, while truly mean to the core, still manages to reveal just the slightest humanity which makes his character fascinating as well as making jean peters character's falling for him all the more credible.fuller holds no punches in this genuinely tough movie. there is a scene in which jean peters get roughed up by widmark. it's truly shocking in its reality. this is not a case of carefully choreographed photography.less self conscious than many film noir's of the period this remains a great example of the genre.

samuel fuller brings his customary playful and stylish direction to this seedy, pulpy story and manages to create one of the undiscovered gems of 1950s cinema.richard widmark plays a petty thief tough guy (a role he perfected over the course of many movies), who snatches a young lady's (jean peters) wallet on a new york subway and with it a piece of much-wanted microfilm. this is 1953, so of course the microfilm is property of commie spies who will stop at nothing to get it back. when the girl shows up at widmark's waterfront shack, sent by an abusive boyfriend to reclaim the film, widmark senses the opportunity to shake her and her "comrades" down for big money. the plot thickens, people start dying, and widmark and peters fall in love.fuller handles the love story clumsily, but more from a sense of indifference than bad writing or direction. it's as if he included a love story under duress, and so made it intentionally unbelievable, as love stories so frequently were and still are in hollywood films. peters gives a remarkable performance as a tough new yawk cookie, part gangster moll and part damsel in distress. when violence occurs against her, we genuinely care about her well being, and it's typical of fuller's renegade, ahead-of-his-time style that a happy ending is not necessarily a foregone conclusion.but the ultimate success of "pickup on south street" rests squarely on the world-weary shoulders of thelma ritter, who plays moe, a feisty lady who makes money any way she can, whether that be selling neckties or acting as a police informant. ritter gives the performance of her career; in a breathtaking monologue, she conveys without ever directly addressing it the entire sad trajectory of her character's life, and the hopelessness she feels waking up every morning to a world of struggle, crime and hardship. it's as if every character ritter ever played converges for one brief instant to give vent to all of the emotions they weren't given a chance to vent in those other movies. the scene is the highlight of fuller's film, and a highlight of 50s cinema, period.grade: a+

this film is a spicy little piece of film-making from sam fuller which gives richard widmark the chance to show of some of his best, most edgy acting in the role of skip mccoy, a small-time thief who stumbles onto a military secret while picking beautiful candy's (jean peters) pocket on a crowded bus. it turns out candy was doing a favor for her (ex?)boyfriend, who's working for the "commies".superficially, there's a mystery here regarding candy's motives and skip spends much of the film determining her motives. actually he seems to just initially assume that she's a "commie", going so far as to pour beer in her face in a callous gesture. but the real question is  what's going on with skip? what are his motives, and why does candy like him so much? why do we (the audience) want to like him so much? basically what the film-makers have done here is create a very striking "male fatale" in widmark's character and his performance. just as the male audience tends to ponder through the length of a film like "the big sleep" or "the glass key" along with the main characters whether the female character is trustworthy or just a pretty face, the film-makers have here created a similar quandary for female viewers. widmark is handsome, and there's also a charm in his boyish insouciance  but the first two times he meets our leading lady, he robs her and then punches her in the face. eventually the question becomes  would skip sink so low as to sell out his country for a buck (his comments to the police, like "you're waving a flag at me?" make us suspect he would) or is he simply out for revenge for the murder of his friend moe (thelma ritter)? i'm not sure that the film gives us a conclusive answer either way.thelma ritter's character work deserves special mention  she has created a truly indelible character here. fuller isn't afraid to give her plenty of "business"  in the form of physical objects that she uses to draw the audience into her world, particularly her used ties. another example of fuller's "business" would be the scene with victor perry (an actor i've seen elsewhere used to less effect) using the chopsticks to intimidate candy.the emphasis on moe's relationship with skip provides one of cinema's most revealing "honor among thieves" themes. in fact skip has the same kind of ease and the same kind of casual relationship with the police, with the notable exception of capt. tiger (murvyn vye) who has a grudge against him. i loved the scene where he invited the cops in by name and offered them a beer when they came to pick him up at his shack. those are the kind of details that make this film feel real  whether or not it really is "realistic" or whether that would matter are entirely separate questions.all told, i would say this is an essential crime film which displays a lot of the best and most durable attributes of the "film noir" school of film-making. a predictable plot is off-set by a host of colorful characters (uniformly well-performed), cheap sets are disguised by the film's unrelenting pace, and the final product feels a lot more substantial than it probably is. this is the best film i've seen so far by sam fuller and helps me to see better why he's regarded as a master director  here he accomplished some things that i think he tried but ultimately failed to do in other films like "the crimson kimono" and "shock corridor" as far as very emphatic acting styles and really gripping suspense. this is one of my favorite performances from widmark that i've seen so far  and widmark was a talent that i'm tempted to say (based on the few extraordinary films i've seen with him) was comparable to that of alan ladd or humphrey bogart, although arguably he didn't make as many classic films.

this crime thriller is sort of like a film noir, though changes the context from post-war to cold war and has something relatively decent to say about humanity. in "pickup on south street", policemen are good guys, criminals are genuine guys, and the only enemies are "the commies", who are ultimately differentiated from the good-guys in that they are emotionally personable, driven by an actual care for their own worth, as shown in the constant tracked-in close-ups that speckle the movie.this movie revolves around characters. the personalities in this film are rather unique and detailed: skip the pick-pocket who is able to stare down any danger, and sometimes while going through their personal possessions; moe the informer who is just trying to save up for a spectacular funeral, but who manages to capture the hearts and respect of nearly all the other characters (and the audience); candy, the ill-named innocent girl who only thinks she's doing government work and doesn't fully comprehend the conspiracy she's involved with; and joey, the ex-boyfriend evil commie baddie who is trying to hide everything from everybody and, ironically, is the worst person at doing it. throw in a bunch of very colorful supporting characters (such as the guy with the chopsticks and the policemen) and "pickup on south street" treats you to a splendor of personalities as they hunt down the mysterious and accidentally stolen microfilm frames.--polarisdib

'shock corridor (1963)' was my first film from samuel fuller, and there i was impressed with the director's astute blending of b-movie and big-budget aesthetics, even if the story itself was pure schlock. 'pickup on south street (1953)' was released a decade earlier in fuller's career, obviously produced on a larger budget from a big-name studio, twentieth century-fox. nevertheless, the visuals are still notable in that there's a somewhat raw, naturalistic element to the photography, not unlike dassin's 'the night and the city (1950)' and kazan's 'panic in the streets (1950)' {the latter was also shot by cinematographer joe mcdonald}. in some scenes, fuller shoves the camera so close to his actors' faces that they're out of focus, bluntly registering the intimate thoughts, emotions and brief inflections that are communicated through that most revealing of facial features, the eye. though (unexpectedly) prone to melodrama, and with just a hint of anti-communist propaganda, 'pickup on south street' is a strong film noir that succeeds most outstandingly in its evocation of setting  the underground of new york city.when just-out-of-prison pickpocket skip mccoy (richard widmark) snags the purse of a woman on the subway (jean peters), he pockets more than he'd originally bargained for. the woman, candy, and her cowardly ex-boyfriend joey (richard kiley) had been smuggling top-secret information to the communists, and mckoy has unexpectedly retrieved an important roll of micro-film. will he turn in the macguffin to the proper authorities, or sell it to the highest bidder? if 'pickup on south street' has a flaw, it's that the story seems designed solely to bolster an anti-communist agenda, reeking of propaganda like nothing since wwii {dwight taylor, who supplied the story, also notably wrote 'the thin man goes home (1944),' the only propagandistic movie of the series}. for no apparent reason, every identifiable character  even the smugly self-serving skip mccoy  eventually becomes a self-sacrificing patriot, the transformation predictable from the outset. in traditional film noir, the unapologetic criminal always gets his comeuppance, the rational punishment for his sins, but apparently not when they've served their country; patriotism wipes the slate clean.richard widmark, an actor who i'm really beginning to like, plays the haughty pickpocket with composure, though always with that hint of ill-ease that suggests he's biting off more than he can chew. the opening scene on the train is the film's finest, as mccoy breathlessly and silently fishes around in his victim's hand bag, recalling bresson's 'pickpocket (1959).' thelma ritter is terrific as a tired street-woman who'll peddle information to anybody willing to pay for it (though, of course, she draws the line at commies). jean peters is well-cast as the trashy dame passing information to the other side, playing the role almost completely devoid of glamour; fuller reportedly cast the actress on the observation that she had the slightly bow-legged strut of a prostitute. nevertheless, peters must suffer a contrived love affair with widmark that really brings down the film's attempts at realism. fascinatingly, upon its release, 'pickup on south street' was promptly condemned as communist propaganda by the fbi, and the communist party condemned it for being the exact opposite. go figure.

from the opening scene aboard a crowded train where a ruthless pickpocket is at work (richard widmark) stealing from a woman's purse (jean peters), pickup on south street is relentlessly fascinating to watch. partly it's because the acting is uniformly strong from the entire cast, the b&w photography is crisp and adds to the starkness of the story and characters, and because samuel fuller's direction puts him in the same league with the biggies like john (asphalt jungle) huston. in fact, it has the same urgency as the huston film about a heist that goes wrong--but the payoff is not quite as strong.jean peters is excellent as the hard-edged girl whom widmark describes as being "knocked around a lot". she gives a lot of raw energy and sex appeal to her role of the not too bright woman carrying a micro-film in her purse for her boyfriend (richard kiley), something the fbi already knows about. they're on her trail when the theft occurs.thelma ritter adds realism to her portrait of a woman called "moe" who buys and sells anything to make a profit and ends up paying for it with her life. she's particularly touching in her final scene with kiley.this one is guaranteed to hold your attention through its one hour and twenty minute running time. good noir from fox and notable for the performances of widmark, peters and ritter.

the only thing about this film that bums me out is that the dvd is so expensive. it's too much for my budget at the moment, or i would purchase it, because the film is a good example of film noir...and i enjoy watching richard widmark, jean peters and thelma ritter.criterion produces great dvds but sometimes the asking price is just a bit much. that's the case here for an 80-minute black-and-white, mono sound film that is good but nothing extraordinary, cinematography-wise.the story is the story here (as opposed to visuals, actors, sound, sets, etc.) as a pickpocket (widmark) inadvertently winds up with espionage microfilm in his possession after pilfering peters' purse. (say that three times!). everyone but peters is a believable character in this movie: widmark, the cops, the u.s. agents and the communists and, especially ritter as "moe," an informant. she and widmark are the stars of this film.peters does a decent job of playing the cheap floozy but loses her credibility early on by "falling in love" with widmark on the first meeting even though he's nasty to her. only in world of film!! too bad, because that ludicrous romance part of the story takes away from it.this an average film noir which means good, but not great and certainly not worth owning at a price of $25-$35. for that price, one could do a lot better in the film noir market.

samuel fuller's pickup on south street is anomalous: a "red scare" movie devoid of hysteria, in which the communist threat is nothing more than the mcguffin that ignites the plot. pickpocket richard widmark relieves loose woman jean peters of her wallet containing a strip of microfilm; unbeknownst to either of them, it harbors secrets vital to the cold war. peters, as it happens, was under surveillance by fbi agents who are as nonplussed by the theft as the man who's running her, cowardly comsymp richard kiley. in trying to retrieve the precious film, both sides enlist the help of thelma ritter, a streetwise old jane who's always on the earie and willing to sell what she hears.fuller draws from an opulent palette of tempos and tonalities in telling the story, which becomes a race against the clock of escalating brutality. from the subways to the waterfront, his midsummer manhattan takes on a sweaty sheen that's almost pungent. the love scenes between peters and widmark become an unstable mixture of the tumultuous and the tender, and they're scored to "again," a song introduced by ida lupino in road house, also starring widmark. the pace slackens for ritter's beautifully written and played death scene -- among the most poignant vignettes in all noir, and a kind of mirage-oasis in a film parched of sentimentality. this is writer/director fuller's only work in the strictest confines of the noir cycle; his later explorations of american pathology (the crimson kimono, the naked kiss, underworld u.s.a.) never resulted in a synthesis as satisfying as pickup on south street.

pickup on south street (1953), directed by movie maverick samuel fuller, contains a stunning opening that establishes a double complication. subway rider candy (susan peters) collides with pickpocket skip mccoy (richard widmark dipped in shades of sinatra cool). she's unaware that she carries valuable microfilm; mccoy is unaware of grifting it. both are unaware of being observed by two federal agents. thus the grift sets in motion a degree of knowledges. candy is doubly watched (skip and the police) and therefore doubly naive; skip, the overconfident petty thief, is singularly unaware, trailed by federal agents; the feds, all knowing, are ultimately helpless. they can't stop the "passing" of government secrets or the spread of communism.

sam fuller's excellent pick up on south street is the pick of the bunch from a number of early 50's cold war-influenced low-budget noir vehicles. with a running length of under 80 minutes, pick up on south street is tough, gritty, explosive and endlessly entertaining.widmark stars as pickpocket skip mccoy, who has already been picked up three times. yet mccoy can't keep his wandering fingers out of trouble- and trouble is exactly what he slides into when he grifts the wallet of gangster's moll candy (jean peters). candy's wallet contains a roll of microfilm invaluable to the communist movement, and it's her last job for ex-boyfriend richard kiley to make the delivery. however, when widmark lifts it, peters must do whatever it takes to re-claim the film she (initially) knows nothing about.it's a tasty set-up, with widmark's character, while not the psycho of kiss of death, a real live-wire, unpredictable and tough, yet curiously charming.when bogart or mitchum stepped into a film noir role you knew what you were going to get: a lone anti-hero maintaining his moral integrity and winning out in the end (bogart), or an overly-laconic guy who allows himself to be drawn into a trap (mitchum). with widmark you just don't know what you are going to get, and with his incredibly modern acting style (his films always hold up well) he is amazing to watch. here he is torn between making a big score for himself by selling the film, or handing it over to the police and fighting the "commies" on the right side of the law. and he still has to pretend he never pickpocketed peters to avoid the fatal fourth rap on his sheet.peters gets her best role as the moll-with-a-heart-of-gold candy. widmark's unpredictability is perhaps best expressed in his scenes with peters; the gorgeous tramp quickly (and rather unbelievably- the romance angle is rather rushed)falls under widmark's spell, yet widmark alternates between kissing her or slapping her around. peters hard-edged beauty, yet lack of over-lacquered hollywood glamour (lana turner would never have worked well in this role), is a major asset to the film. candy is not innocent, yet she's very vulnerable, constantly being passed between and slapped around by men. widmark knocks her cold on first meeting and wakes her by pouring beer over her face, yet by the final act he's a lot more tender to her (after she cops one hell of a going-over from kiley). the scene in the hospital with peters and widmark shouldn't work, but it does.thelma ritter is brilliant as stoolie moe, well-deserving of her oscar nomination. ritter's performance, like everything else in the film, is gritty, real and heartbreakingly honest. her death scene is stunning. fuller's camera movements and location settings are particularly interesting. fuller loved a good close-up, and pick up on south street is full of uncomfortable, cloistering tight shots that only enhance the tension of the plot. fuller isn't afraid to let the camera linger on a shot for longer than standard old-hollywood really allowed, yet stunningly pulls away from ritter's death scene to give the audience maximum impact. the urban locales and unusual, confronting camera angles give pick up on south street, a bold, uncompromisingly modern look.10/10.

this is yet another gritty and compelling film directed by sam fuller in the early 1950s. this minimalist and fast-working director has something unusual for his earlier films--a cast with some stars. richard widmark, jean peters and richard kiley star in this film about a group of communist agents who are trying to sneak secrets out of america--and they'll stop at nothing to succeed.the film starts with peters on a subway car being watched by federal agents. they know she is a link in a long espionage chain. unknown to everyone is the wild card in the equation--a small-time pickpocket (widmark) is also on the train and he manages to steal the secrets that peters is carrying. widmark thinks it's just another purse he's ransacked--only later does he realize the seriousness of what he's stolen. now it's widmark on his own--with commies and the fbi hot on his trail.widmark and the rest are exceptional and the film is gripping from start to finish. although she didn't get top billing, a special mention should be made of thelma ritter. this supporting actress had perhaps the performance of her lifetime as a stool pigeon. seldom was she given this much of a chance to act and i was impressed by her ability to play a broken down and sad old lady.as far as the script and directing go, they are very good--but with one small exception. at first, i loved the way widmark and peters interacted. it's one of the few times on film you'll see a woman punched square in the mouth! now that's tough. later, inexplicably, they become amazingly close--too close to be believable. still, with so much great drama and such an effective noir-like film, this can be overlooked. see this film.

and anyone who watches this film will agree. this film was directed in the days when plot, character believability and theme actually mattered.jean peters, widmark, and thelma ritter steal the spotlight. ritter is in top form as informer "moe" she survives in the bowery section of ny, acting as a stool pigeon for nyc police.the only other film in which i have seen peters is "niagara", and she certainly proves her acting ability here, complete with brooklyn accent. widmark is appropriately menacing, as the anti-hero who must discern what the right thing is, despite his need for cash.the photography is brilliant. the neon, the subway station (though it looks cleaner than the real thing!) the harbor shack where widmark lives as a transient. excellent use is made of the city, with "lightning louie" in chinatown; the many flavors and appetites of the city are addressed here; the political climate of the time is a haunting backdrop. 10/10.

samuel fuller is hardly one of america's great directors. i'm not sure he qualifies as one of hollywood's great craftsmen. but he certainly ranks up there with the best of hollywood's true professionals who were willing to march to their own music. during the time he worked for hollywood studios, he knew how to take an assignment, shape the middling material handed to him and then turn it quickly and efficiently into something usually better than its parts...on time and on budget. pickup on south street is a case in point. on the surface it's one more of hollywood's early fifties' anti-commie movies, complete with appeals to patriotism, a hard-boiled hero and a slimy (and copiously perspiring) bad guy. fuller turns this bag of hollywood clichs into a taut, exciting drama with any number of off-kilter twists. the hero, skip mccoy, is a three-time loser, a petty crook with soft fingers who doesn't change his stripes until the very end. the girl in the caper, candy, has a level of virtue that would be easy to step over if you're so inclined. one of the most appealing characters, moe williams, is a stoolie. and in an unusual approach to hollywood's battle against commies, the appeals to patriotism fall on deaf ears; the hero isn't motivated by anything so ennobling. he just wants payback for a personal reason, and winds up becoming...at least for now...a good guy. plus, all the actors were mostly assigned to fuller by the studio. he had to make do. richard widmark by now had established his presence as an actor and star, but jean peters is a surprise. she gives a fine portrait of a woman sexy and dumb, and no better than her boy friends...or her clients...want her to be. and richard kiley, who later would become a two- time tony award winning star on broadway, is convincingly slippery and cowardly. it's hard to remember that he was the actor who inflicted on us, i mean introduced to us, "the impossible dream" from man of la mancha, more than anything else, this tale of a pickpocket who picks a purse in a subway car and finds himself with microfilmed secrets instead of cash, pursued by the feds and the commies, moves straight ahead with great economy. the whole enterprise, with a classic noir look, only takes 80 minutes to tell. the dialogue, with fuller as screenwriter, has that party corny, partly pungent hard-boiled pulp fiction style. "that muffin you grifted...she's okay," one character says to skip about candy. fuller moves us just fast enough from scene to scene to keep us hanging on what will come next. then fuller throws in the character of moe williams. all of a sudden the story ratchets up to a whole new level of interest, part comedy relief and part sad inevitability. the thing i like best about the movie is how the opening exemplifies fuller's talents and strengths. in 2 minutes and 15 seconds, starting right after the credits, fuller is able to instantly power up the movie, to establish for us what the story is about, and to show us what kind of characters -- skip and candy -- we're going to be involved with. and he does this with so much enticing curiosity in that hot, packed subway car that we can just about feel fuller setting the hook to catch us. says glenn erickson, in my opinion one of the best of movie critics, "in what should be an inconsequential story, sam fuller defines his peculiar view of americanism from the bottom up: stiff-necked, aggressive self-interest that when fully expressed recognizes what's wrong and what's right and isn't afraid to fight for it. as always in his work, the individuals who fight the hardest for their country are the ones least likely to benefit from the effort." he's right, and it makes for a movie still vivid after 55 years.

skip mccoy is a three time loser pick pocket, unable to curb his instincts back on the street, he picks the purse of candy on a subway train. what he doesn't realise is that candy is carrying top secret microfilm, microfilm that is of high interest to many many organisations.director samuel fuller has crafted an exceptional drama set amongst the seedy underworld of new york city. communist spies and shady government operatives all blend together to make pickup on south street a riveting viewing from first minute to the last. based around a dwight taylor story called blaze of glory, fuller enthused this adaptation with heavy set political agenda, something that many at the time felt was over done, but to only focus on its anti communist leanings is doing it a big disservice.digging a little deeper and you find characters as intriguing as any that fuller has directed, the main protagonist for one is the hero of the piece, a crook and a shallow human being, his heroics are not born out of love for his country, they are born out of his sheer stubborn streak. it's quite an achievement that fuller has crafted one of the best anti heroes of the 50s, and i'm sure he was most grateful to the performance of richard widmark as mccoy, all grin and icy cold heart, his interplay with the wonderful jean peters as candy is excellent, and is the films heart. however it is the oscar nominated thelma ritter who takes the acting honours, her moe is strong and as seedy as the surrounding characters, but there is a tired warmth to her that ritter conveys majestically.it's a b movie in texture but an a film in execution, pickup on south street is a real classy and entertaining film that is the best of its most intriguing director. 9/10

skip mccoy (richard widmark) pick-pockets candy's (jean peters) wallet which contains an important microfiche that is intended for the communist cause. she is being followed by 2 federal agents that are waiting to pounce once she hands the microfiche over to her contact. however, skip steals the purse on the subway under everyone's noses and so starts a hunt for him by both the police and joey (richard kiley) and candy who want the microfiche back. skip can only be traced through moe (thelma ritter) who sells information on criminals. it is made clear to skip that what he has stolen is important and both sides want the film, but he intends to hold out for a high price. this leads to joey hunting after him and a conflict between joey and jean, who has fallen in love with skip. joey has a deadline to deliver the microfiche to his boss. its a well-acted film and it has a good beginning that gets you involved straight away. its a bit unrealistic how jean peters immediately falls in love with widmark, but this point is necessary as otherwise why would she later hold out from joey. its a good film.

every now and then there gets released this movie no one has ever heard of and got shot in a very short time with very little money and resource but everybody goes crazy about and turns out to be a surprisingly great one. this also happened in the '50's with quite a few little movies, that not a lot of people have ever heard of. there are really some unknown great surprising little jewels from the '50's that are worth digging out. "panic in the streets" is another movie like that that springs to the mind. both are movies that aren't really like the usual genre flicks from their time and are also made with limited resources.i was really surprised at how much i ended up liking this movie. it was truly a movie that got better and better as it progressed. like all 'old' movies it tends to begin sort of slow but once you get into the story and it's characters you're in for a real treat with this movie.the movie has a really great story that involves espionage, though the movie doesn't start of like that. it begins as this typical crime-thriller with a touch of film-noir to it. but "pickup on south street" just isn't really a movie by the numbers so it starts to take its own directions pretty soon on. it ensures that the movie remains a surprising but above all also really refreshing one to watch.i also really liked the characters within this movie. none of them are really good guys and they all of their flaws and weaknesses. really humane. it also especially features a great performance from thelma ritter, who even received a well deserved oscar nomination for. it has really got to be one of the greatest female roles i have ever seen.even despite its somewhat obvious low budget this is simply one great, original, special little movie that deserves to be seen by more!10/10

"pickup on south street" is a high speed drama about a small time criminal who suddenly finds himself embroiled in the activities of a group of communists. the action is presented in a very direct and dynamic style and the momentum is kept up by means of some brilliant editing. the use of a wide variety of different camera angles and effective close-ups also contribute to the overall impression of constant motion and vitality. samuel fuller's style of directing and the cinematography by joseph macdonald are excellent and there are many scenes which through their composition and lighting produce a strong sense of mood and atmosphere.ace pickpocket and repeat offender skip mccoy (richard widmark) gets into deep water when he steals a wallet from a young woman named candy (jean peters) on the new york subway. she was being used by her ex-boyfriend joey (richard kiley) to make a delivery to one of his contacts in a communist organisation and unknown to her, she was carrying us government secrets recorded on microfilm. two fbi agents had been following candy and witnessed the theft. one of the agents continues to tail her back to joey's apartment and the other, zara (willis bouchey), visits police captain dan tiger (murvyn vye). zara explains that the fbi has been following candy for some months as part of their pursuit of the ringleader of a communist group.in order to identify the pickpocket, tiger calls in a "stoolie" called moe (thelma ritter) who after being given a precise description of the "cannon's" method of working makes a list of eight possible suspects. once tiger sees skip's name on the list he's immediately convinced that he's the man that they need to track down and he sends two detectives to arrest him. when skip is brought into tiger's office, zara tells him about the microfilm and tiger offers to drop any charges if he'll co-operate with the investigation. skip is flippant and arrogant. he clearly doesn't trust tiger and denies all knowledge of the theft on the subway.joey orders candy to find out who stole the microfilm and then retrieve it. candy pays moe for skip's address and when skip returns from being questioned by tiger, he finds candy searching his home and knocks her unconscious before stealing her money. when she recovers, skip demands payment of $25,000 for the microfilm. she tells joey about skip's demand and joey's boss gives him a gun and orders him to recover the microfilm by the following evening.skip and candy are attracted to each other and it's because of their uneasy, developing relationship that a means evolves by which they are able to shake off the attentions of the police. it soon becomes apparent, however, that resolving matters with the communist gang will only be achieved by more direct action.the depictions of skip, candy and moe as characters that inhabit a seedy world in which they are forced to face considerable risks on a daily basis are powerful and compelling.moe's work as a police informer is dependent on her knowledge of the people in her community but also those people know what she does and any one of them could seek their revenge at any time. she appears to be cunning and streetwise but also has her vulnerable side as she describes herself as "an old clock running down" and saves money to be able to have a decent burial in an exclusive cemetery in long island. her belief that "every buck has a meaning of its own" leads her to sell any information regardless of danger, friendships or principles and yet there is one occasion where she refuses and this proves fatal. thelma ritter's performance certainly merited the oscar nomination she earned for her role.skip is a violent criminal with no concern for his victims and having already been convicted three times in the past, lives under the constant threat of being jailed for life if convicted again. despite this, he still continues with his criminal activities and strangely, is merely philosophical when moe betrays his whereabouts and then later, he even ensures that moe receives the type of burial she valued so highly. candy is an ex-hooker and someone whose activities constantly put her in peril but behind her hardened exterior a warmer side gradually becomes more evident. widmark and peters are both perfect for their roles and like ritter portray the different facets of their personalities with great style and conviction.

i really enjoyed this film. all aspects of the film were top notch including the most important, for me anyway, the screenplay and the acting. this is definitely one of richard widmark's strongest roles. he is totally convincing in his performance. just out of curiosity, imagine how humphrey bogart or robert mitchum might have tackled this role. this is my first exposure to jean peter's work that i can remember. she impressed so much here that i will definitely be on the lookout for her other work. thelma ritter, in an unglamourous role, deserved the oscar nomination she received for playing the informant. this film works on every level. the black and white photography is perfectly appropriate and the story hooks the viewer right from the beginning. widmark and peters have great chemistry in their difficult romance. strongly recommended, 9/10.

i watched this last night on tv (hbo). i have to admit, that the tension in this movie was unsurpassed by most other fn era movies. i loved the way chip would be all calm one moment and then violent the very next moment. it was classic. ahh yes. the dames, the villians, the cigars and thuggish cops! it has it all. this movie delivered all the goods to me. i especially loved the way they mixed communism into the plot, very common for this era of movie. very daring also since blacklisting was popular in those days. i rate this movie one of the best i have seen in the fn genre!

directed by samuel fuller, who also wrote the screenplay, pickup on south street is a tough, brutal, well made film about a pickpocket (richard widmark) who inadvertently aquires top-secret microfilm and becomes a target for espionage agents. also involved are jean peters as a tough broad who is used as a courier by her evil ex-lover richard kiley. it's film-noir at its best and although the performances are very good its grand character actress thelma ritter who steals the movie. as moe a weary street peddler selling neck ties (and who also sells information) she is terrific in a role that brought her another oscar nomination. its amazing that miss ritter was nominated six times for an academy award and she never won. this should have been the role that copped it for her!

director samuel fuller concocts a brilliant visual set-up: cocky pickpocket unwittingly lifts some microfilm from a woman's purse; it turns out she's a courier for the communists, and now she and the grifter are being watched by the police. the film noir formula is all its glory--before the ingredients became clichs--including waterfront locales, floozies, saxophones on the soundtrack, and one hell of a climactic fistfight. performances by richard widmark and jean peters are right on target, and the smart, sharp script is quite colorful. fabulous thelma ritter received an oscar nomination for knockout supporting role as a "professional stoolie". exciting, atmospheric, tough as nails. *** from ****

the best of the seven sam fuller movies that i've seen (including park row, run of the arrow, verboten!, shock corridor, the naked kiss, the big red one, and this film), pickup on south street counts as one of the best film noirs. it represents fuller at his most controlled. i like him when he's out of control, of course, but nearly everything in pickup is perfect. the film is absolutely beautiful. richard widmark stars as a pickpocket who steals some microfilm that was meant to go to communist spies. jean peters plays the woman who was carrying the film for her boyfriend, played by richard kiley. peters is forced to find widmark and get it back. she finds him through a stool pigeon played by thelma ritter. widmark and peters are attracted to each other, which changes peters loyalties (that, and the fact that she learns she's working for communists; the cold war stuff is really interesting). the love story is done a little quickly and not entirely believable, but it's not so bad that it harms the film (unlike fuller's previous film, park row). richard widmark is great. this must be one of his best roles, but i'm not so familiar with his career that i can say that for sure. thelma ritter gives the most memorable performance. her role gives the film an unexpected emotional resonance, and her final scene in this film is as touching as any you will find in the cinema. i will never forget that. 10/10.

in this excellent twentieth-century fox film-noir, the metropolis is a labyrinth of despair in which scavengers and predators survive by living off one another. brooding cityscapes lower over puny humanity in bleak expressionist symbolism.a prostitute has her purse snatched on the subway. it contains a microfilm, and a communist spy ring will go to any lengths to recover it. two parallel investigations unfold as both spies and cops hunt down the precious information.anti-hero pickpocket skip mccoy is played with scornful assurance by richard widmark. he knows the cops to be his moral equals and intellectual inferiors, so he taunts them: "go on," he says to captain dan tiger (murvyn vye), "drum up a charge. throw me in. you've done it before." in this pitiless world, the cops are just one more gang on the streets. just as candy the hooker bribes lightning louie to get a lead, so the police are busy paying stool pigeons for information.it is hard to believe that when widmark made this film he was already in early middle age. the 39-year-old star, coming to the end of his contract with fox, plays the upstart skip mccoy with the irreverent brashness of a teenager. today it may not be acceptable for the romantic lead to punch his love interest into unconsciousness then revive her by sloshing beer in her face, but by the mores of the period it signified toughness - and candy, after all, is a fallen woman.jean peters is radiant as candy. here, right in the middle of her five-year burst of b-movie fame, she is beautiful and engaging as the whore with the golden heart. she is the story's victim, a martyr to her beauty as much as anything else. she means well, but is constantly being manipulated by cynical men - joey, skip and the cops.the real star of this movie is new york. haunting urban panoramas and snidering subway stations offer a claustrophobic evocation of the city as a living, malevolent force. like maggots in a rotting cheese, human figures scurry through the city's byways. elevators, subway turnstiles, sidewalks - even a dumb waiter act as conduits for the flow of corrupt humanity. people cling to any niche that affords safety: moe has her grimy rented room, skip his tenebrous shack on the hudson river. as the characters move and interact, they are framed by bridge architecture, or lattices of girders, or are divided by hanging winch tackle. the personality of the city is constantly imposing itself. the angles and crossbeams of the wharf timbers are an echo of the gridiron street plan, and the card-index cabinets in the squadroom mimic the manhattan skyline. when joey's exit from the subway is barred, it is as if the steel sinews of the city are ensnaring him.a surprising proportion of this film is shot in extreme close-up. character drives the plot, as it should, and the close-ups are used to augment character. when skip interrogates candy, the close-up captures the sexual energy between them, belying the hostility of skip's words. jean peters' beauty is painted in light, in exquisite soft focus close-ups. the device is also employed to heighten the tension. the opening sequence, the purse snatch, contains no dialogue: the drama relies entirely on close-up for its powerful effect.snoopers, and snoopers upon snoopers, populate the film. moe (thelma ritter) makes a living as an informant, and her place in the hierarchy is accepted, even by her victims. when skip observes, "she's gotta eat", he is chanting a recurring refrain. just as 'straight' new yorkers peddle lamb chops or lumber, the underworld traffics in the commodity of information.and yet even the stool pigeons are superior to joey and his communist friends. joey's feet on moe's bed symbolise a transgression of the most basic moral code. joey is beyond the pale. moe will not trade with joey, even to preserve her life: " ... even in our crummy business, you gotta draw the line somewhere.""pick-up" was made in the depths of the cold war. richard nixon had just been chosen as the republican vice-presidential candidate, having made his name with his phoney alger hiss expose - bogus communist microfilm and all. the mccarthy show trials were a daily reality. we see the cops in the movie inveigh against "the traitors who gave stalin the a-bomb".new york can be seen as a giant receptacle in which human offal cheats, squeals and murders. containers form a leitmotif throughout the film. moe carries her trade mark box of ties, and candy's purse, container of the microfilm, is the engine of the plot. skip keeps his only possessions in a submerged crate, symbolising his secretive street-wisdom. the paupers' coffins, moving down the hudson on a barge, are containers of just one more cargo being shifted around the pitiless metropolis.the film is a masterpiece of composition. candy is shown above the skulking skip on the rickety gangway of the shack, signifying her moral ascendancy. when the gun is placed on the table, the extreme perspective makes it look bigger than candy - violence is beginning to dwarf compassion. the lovers are eclipsed by the shadow of a stevedore's hook, reminding us that their love is neither pure nor absolute, but contingent upon the whims of the sinister city. enyard the communist is a shadow on a wall, or a disembodied puff of cigarette smoke. he is like the lone alley cat amongst the garbage - a predatory phantom of the night. camera shots from under taxi hoods, inside newspaper kiosks and through the bars of hospital beds constantly reinforce in us the awareness that we are all trapped in the metropolis. we are civilisation's mulch.

pickup on south street is one of the most brilliant movies ever made. an example of the directing: when candy (jean peters) starts going through her purse and notices her wallet is missing, an alarm goes off in the background in the building she's in -- as if it's an alarm going off in her head. it's not cartoon-like -- it's subtly woven into the background in a way that strikes you on a subconscious level until you've seen the film a few times and it just "clicks" that there's an alarm bell going off when she starts frantically going through her bag.richard widmark is way on top of his game as a smart-alec -- he's really great -- but the highlight performance of the film was the first scene for "moe," the street peddler/informer, played by thelma ritter. later, in her apartment, you are not seeing a movie -- you're seeing a real person. i've never seen anyone "act" so real i felt like i was looking into a real room until ritter's performance -- right down to the way her hair stuck out a bit when she removed her hat. about a million other things just *worked,* from the way lightning louie picks up money with his chopsticks to the way candy's jewelry clicks when she flicks moe's hand away from her brooch, to the way moe gets the dollars and change from the police captain across the fbi guy's chest -- and even the way the captain opens his filing cabinet, like he's been doing it in that way in that room for many years. "pickup on south street" is detailed moves (directing) with consummate performances (acting) and superb now-nostalgic visuals of the day, such as the panel truck, the boards leading to the shack out on the water, the dumbwaiter, -- and the unforgettable place skip stashes his pocket pickings. wonderful stuff."pickup on south street" is also one of the few movies where, even though the characters aren't perfect, you do care about them -- perhaps because they have been somewhat branded by their pasts in ways that are hard to escape: skip as a "three-time loser" and candy as a youngish woman who has "knocked around" a lot. when these people behave a little more badly than you'd expect, it's in sort of novel ways that make it seem you're looking in at people you'd never otherwise imagine -- and yet you know that they are possible because the actors make them so recognizably human.

its not sophisticated, and nobody in the credits had a great career, but taken as a whole, because there are no famous personalities; the film seems more realistic than some high budget, well cast films.a film made for a few bucks, that is worthy of watching should give hope to all those would be film makers and wantabee actors.the problem with this film is it was made in the worst possible time. tv was taking over the revenues of the film industry, and this film could have easily been shown on tv. in 1950, all the fare on tv would qualify for a "g" rating. the film industry began to make more "adult" films that could not be shown on tv during the days when tv wouldn't dare show the sex and skin of today's commercials.

this is a neat little crime drama which packs a lot into its 65 minute running time. it has all the right ingredients - a mystery corpse, a weary middle-aged cop corrigan (walter kinsella) and his rookie sidekick tobin (john miles), a shadowy killer on the loose and even love interest for the tobin in the shape of a female botanist mary (patricia wright) who helps solve the crime. there's also a terrific shoot-out finale which takes place in a stone cutters yard.watch out for a terrific goof near the start of this movie where lt. corrigan refers to the dead woman as 'tatooed tilly' before the coroner reveals that she had a tattoo (confusing huh?). also later when tobin is chasing the killer across the back yards he is suddenly shown going in the wrong direction at one point - no wonder he didn't catch him!

the tattooed stranger was another of those rare b-movies that bbc2 screened over christmas/new year 2005-2006. see also they live by night and the brighton strangler.in this one, a man walking his dog in central park comes across an abandoned car and discovers a dead woman inside. she was shot and police then try to identify her with only a tattoo as the main clue. after being identified, the murderer is discovered and is shot in the shootout at the end.most of this movie was shot on location in and around new york, so we get to see some areas of the city we don't normally see, especially the back streets.mostly unknowns are in the cast, with john miles getting top billing.the tattooed stranger is worth seeking out. excellent but rather obscure.rating: 3 stars out of 5.

this police procedural is no worse than many others of its era and better than quite a few. obviously it is following in the steps of "dragnet" and "naked city" but emerges as an enjoyable programmer. the best thing about it is the unadorned look it provides into a world now long gone...the lower class new york of the late 40's/early 50's. here it is in all its seedy glory, from the old-school tattoo parlors to the cheap hotels to the greasy spoons. these old police films are like travelogues to a bygone era and very bittersweet to anybody who dislikes the sanitized, soulless cityscape of today.also intriguing is the emphasis on the nuts-and-bolts scientific aspect of solving the crime...in this case, the murder of a tattooed woman found in an abandoned car. our main heroes, detectives tobin and corrigan, do the footwork, but without the tedious and painstaking efforts of the "lab boys", they'd get nowhere. although the technology is not in the same league, the cops here use the dogged persistence of a c.s.i. investigator to track down their man.the way some reviewers have written about this movie, you think it would have been directed by ed wood and acted by extras from his movies. what bosh! i enjoyed john miles as the gangly ex-marine turned cop tobin...he had a happy-go-lucky, easy-going approach to the role that's a welcome change from the usual stone-faced histrionics of most movie cops of the period. patricia barry is cute and delightful as his perky girlfriend who helps solve the crime. walter kinsella is stuffy and droll as the older detective corrigan. i rather liked the chemistry of these two and it made for something a bit different than the sort of robotic "dragnet" approach.the mystery itself is not too deep and the final chase and shoot-out certainly won't rank amongst the classics of crime cinema, but during it's brief running time, "the tattooed stranger" more than held my interest.

director edward montagne does in a little more than one hour what other, more expensive and hyped films fail to do. mr. montagne shows us a police story written by phillip h. reisman jr. that while, is not one of the best of the genre, it keeps the viewer involved in all that's going on.this is clearly a b type movie. in fact, the best thing going for "the tattooed stranger" is the opportunity to take a peek at the way new york looked in those years. the crystal clear cinematography by william o. steiner, either has been kept that way through the years, or has been lovingly restored.there are great views of new york in the opening sequence. later we are taken to brooklyn to the dumbo section and later on the film travels to the bronx and the gun hill road area with its many monument stores in the area.john miles and walter kinsella made a great detective team. patricia barry is perfect as the plant expert from the museum of natural history. jack lord, who went to bigger things in his career, is seen in a non speaking role.it was great fun to watch a city, as it was, because it doesn't exist any more.

most movies about, or set in, new orleans, turn out to be laughably bad, and laughably inaccurate (examble: remember "the savage bees"? but i'll make an exception for "tightrope", which almost got it right).here's one that doesn't inevitably get it wrong. the accents are not too bad (yes, the "yat" accent down here is way more brooklynese than southern), the city of 1950 is shown the way it is/was, without the obligatory "tourist" shots, and they understand a good drama without trying to make everyone a "quirky southerner". one of the few films to do justice to this city, and a good film to boot..

this very good movie crackles with tension. the stakes are, of course, high--will the police and widmark, the public health doctor, apprehend the criminals who don't know that they are carrying plague before a full-scale epidemic breaks out? but smaller plot elements introduce tension in every scene--between widmark and the police captain, between the bad guys played by palance and mostel, between palance and a dying plague-stricken man whom palance mistakenly believes is the subject of a manhunt because he has smuggled in some valuable commodity, between widmark and his wife, and with the underlying question of whether the public is better served by informing them of the danger or hiding the situation to avoid a full-scale panic. the movie is beautifully shot by kazan, in extraordinarily well-choreographed long takes shot on location in new orleans, and ends in a stunning climax, where palance flees like a rat from his pursuers, through the docks and warehouses of the city. the commentary is superb, probably the best that i've heard, covering the cinematography, the framing and lighting of shots, the production design, the casting of non-professional actors in small roles, and the ironies and parallelisms in the plot, like an insightful seminar on 1950s film techniques and film noir generally. watch it once to enjoy the film on its own, and, if you are interested in film-making, a second time with the commentary on to learn.

this film has, over the past ten years, become one of my favorite pseudo noir experiences. the three storyline threads given us by kazan each have their unique and separate pleasures. the domestic chitchat between bel geddes and widmark, the movement between rooms, the small gestures such as the phone book barbara places on the chair under her son so he can reach the table, those small intimate exchanges between husband and wife, all are well crafted and natural. more than anything else, i love their porch, that second living room where it is clear they spend much of their summer time. the second thread is the professional relationship between many in the film but especially between widmark and douglas' characters. it may not be totally original and does get a bit blustery but all in all, it comes across as real, respectful and efficient. the third thread,the grungy tale of blackie and his tattered little gang, gets us closest to a dark and frightening noir world.palance's blackie is as cold as a block of ice. this self-proclaimed business man, this self made man clearly has a complexity we only briefly tap in to. for me, this film continues to be a completely satisfying experience.

one of america's most brilliant film directors was without question elia kazan. his directorial genius was not particularly suited to taut thrillers, since kazan needed more room to breathe and to be slower and more subtle. however, 'panic in the streets' is a first-rate social thriller and is if anything more relevant to today than it was to 1950 when it was released. the themes of illegal immigrants, people-smuggling, imminent plagues, rapid transmission around the world of diseases (a worried richard widmark says: 'i could be in any american city in ten hours and in africa tomorrow.'), ethnic isolation and ghettoism are today's concerns more than ever. this film features a spectacular film debut by jack palance, and a wonderful performance by barbara bel geddes, two casting strokes of genius. richard widmark is allowed not to be a psychopath for once, and is a deeply caring, warmly loving, intense hero of the people. he leads basically a one-man campaign to stop an epidemic of pneumonic plague in new orleans, struggling to convince sluggish politicians and complacent policemen that there is a problem. there is a race against time to find the small-time crooks who have contracted the plague from a dead illegal immigrant within 48 hours, before the whole city, and as they are always reminding us, the whole country, are endangered with the worst thing since the 1919 flu. one amazing scene where jack palance, who is infected, is prevented from climbing aboard a ship by a rat-barrier on the rope is ironic in the extreme, reminding us in the most gruesome terms that humans can be the worst carriers and vermin of all. the highly dramatic chase scenes in what they call 'the coffee factory' at the wharfs rivals the most inventive climax scenes of hitchcock, and with just as spectacular a setting. many non-professionals appear in the film, which has the gritty realism of, well, something called reality. kazan really takes the cameras into places where even people rarely went, and where even rats would have thought twice. this film was a major feat of social realism. if it lacks the electricity of the most highly charged thrillers, it is because kazan took it so seriously that he could not hype it up, for after all, the threat of plague is serious enough to scare anybody without the need for extra guns and molls. the only unfortunate thing about the film is the title, which gives a false suggestion of superficiality. but kazan was anything but superficial. he clearly considered this project a public duty, to alert us to genuine possibilities. if only those possibilities had diminished today, but alas, they are getting worse every day. one day, after a worldwide plague, this film may be shown to a few survivors as an example of how an outbreak was contained on film, but its lessons were forgotten.

the title overstates the content of this movie somewhat, which might lead to some unrealized expectations. frankly speaking, there's very little "panic in the streets" to be seen here. in fact, throughout the movie very few people actually know that there's a murderer on the loose who may well be spreading the plague to everyone and anyone he encounters. having said that, what we do have here is a very well done story with a level of suspense that starts out reasonably high anyway (because, unlike the people "in the streets", the viewer knows what's going on) and that director elia kazan builds very deliberately. as the plague-infected killer is sought, one of the more interesting sidebars i found was the developing relationship between dr. reed (richard widmark) and police captain warren (paul douglas). at the beginning, the two really don't like each other, even though they have to work together. by the end, they've forged a real bond of respect for each other. kazan did a good job with that.pretty much all the performances here were excellent. widmark and douglas were great, and i was quite taken with a very early look at jack palance playing what would become his typical "heavy" role. i found very little to criticize here. perhaps barbara bel geddes came across as a little bit flat as reed's wife nancy, but her role wasn't really central to the story. all in all, an excellent piece of work. 9/10

a small pleasure in life is walking down the old movies aisle at the rental store, and picking stuff just because i haven't seen it. a large pleasure is occasionally taking that movie home and finding a small treasure like this playing on my screen.long before elia kazan turned himself into a brand cranking out only notable movies (not good ones), he made this better than average drama. watching it you begin to notice how many decent, good or nicely observed scenes have accumulated. contrast that with his later films where the drama is writ large... preferably large, and unsubtle, and scandalous. kazan was eventually more of a calculating promoter than a director. (um. no thanks) his future excesses are hinted at here only in the plot. the plague is coming! but here's an atypical richard widmark playing a family man in 1951 and avoiding most of the excesses of that trope; here's an almost watchable barabra bel geddes, with her bathos turned way down (well, for her); they're a couple and they share some nicely-written scenes about big crises and smaller ones. here's an expertly directed comic interrogation with a chatty ships-crew; here's a beautiful moment as a chase begins at an angular warehouse and a flock of birds shoots overhead punctuating the moment. these are the small-scale successes a movie can offer in which a viewer can actually recognize life; something hollywood, in its greed, now studiously avoids. these are the moments that make me go to the movies and enjoy them. it's a personable, human-scaled film, not the grotesque, overscaled production that he and others (david lean) will later popularize, whose legacy is still felt in crap as varied as pirates of the caribean and moulin rouge.i just watched it twice and i'll be damned if i could tell you what jack palance is seeking in the final scenes, but it doesn't seem that important to me as a viewer. this reminds me of both no way out a poitier noir with widmark as the villain, and naked city, which you should really get your hands on.

and a rather unexpected plot line too-for the era: there is plague in the city of new orleans-and only richard widmark can stop it! elia kazan's trademark subjects: waterfronts, working men, crowds, fugitives, blue collar folk, violence on a backstreet-are all showcased here.jack palance is quite effective as the ice-cold mobster out for a big score, zero mostel as dom delouise somewhat miscast but certainly watchable as his go-fer. i enjoyed barbara bel geddes as the stalwart, cool wife-i thought she and widmark were a believable couple.he himself always reminds me somewhat of sinatra-in the face and in the intense quiet manner-and that is meant as a compliment if anything. i'd never even heard of this movie, and yes, you have to admire widmark's performance. i also enjoyed paul douglas-he seemed to play this role many times, they make an unlikely but effective team.the plague itself is a mcguffin-and you gotta know it's not exactly done the way it would have been in real life-rather small-scale at the least no?-but i found it carried the plot along nicely.check this out. it's good. *** outta ****

plague replaces femme fatale in this highly suspenseful noir shot in new orleans by director elia kazan. kazan as always gets fine performances from his actors but also shows a visual flair for claustrophobic suspense with a combination of tight compositions and stunning single shot chase scenes. a man entering the country illegally is killed after a card game. it turns out he has a form of bubonic plague so it remains crucial not only to arrest the killers but to find an inoculate all those who have had contact. city and health officials implement a plan of secrecy rather than alert the community for fear the culprits will flee the city and spread the disease. a detective and an epidemiologist up against the clock form an uneasy alliance as they comb the waterfront employing their contrasting investigatory styles. streets raises a huge ethical question about the publics right to know as the medical officer argues for a media blackout thus possibly creating a greater risk to the community. regardless of outcome, you still may find yourself second guessing the actions of the the film's protagonist. richard widmark as dr.clint reed and paul douglas as detective warren display short tempers and grudging respect for each other in their search for the killers. barbera bel geddis as reed's wife has some good moments with widmark in some domestic scenes that bring the right touch of (restful more than comic) relief from the tensions of the desperate search amid the grim environs of the new orleans waterfront impressively lensed by cinematographer joe mcdonald. zero mostel as a small time criminal is slimy and reprehensible but at times sympathetic. walter jack palance as the skeletal blackie (black death?) is simply outstanding. with riveting intensity palance dominates every scene he is in not only with ample threat but disturbing charm as well. in addition he displays a formidable athleticism that allows for a more suspenseful continuity, especially in the film's powerful final allegorical moments. panic in the streets is probably kazan's best non-brando film. it's tension filled, suspensefully well paced and edited. it's ambient on locale setting lends a sense of heightened reality that allows kazan the flexibility to display his visual style beyond the movie stage and with panic he succeeds with aplomb.

'panic in the streets (1950)' owes more to british noir that its american counterparts. like reed's 'the third man (1949)' and dassin's 'night and the city (1950),' director elia kazan chose to film largely on location, capturing the fresh and vibrant decadence of the new orleans slums. in a decision borrowed from the masters of italian neorealism, he also hired many non-professional actors for minor roles, lending an air of authenticity to the cityscape. however, any further comparisons with neorealism would be misguided, for 'panic in the streets' is pure melodrama, of the best kind. a murdered illegal immigrant, fished out of the bay, is found to be infected with pneumonic plague, a deadly air-borne mutation of bubonic plague, which is transmitted from human-to-human and, untreated, has a mortality rate that approaches 100%. clinton reed (richard widmark), an officer with the u.s. public health service, convinces the doubtful police-chief (paul douglas) to undertake a city-wide manhunt for the men responsible for the homicide, lest they also be infected with the illness.in my younger years, i found wolfgang petersen's 'outbreak (1995)' to be among the most horrifying movies i'd ever seen. that thriller, which owes plenty to 'panic in the streets' {working title: "outbreak"}, terrified me so efficiently because it depicted the ebola virus as both an invisible and invincible killer  how does one defend themselves against such a thing? kazan's film is the first (that i know of) to approach the subject of biological epidemics, though it has difficulty ascribing visual recognition to an enemy that is basically undetectable to the human eye; it instead uses jack palance as a human personification of the plague. despite his venturing out among the filthy dregs of human society, you never get the sense that clinton reed is placing his own life at risk {some viewers have noted that reed never inoculated himself against the plague, though i think it's safe to assume that he did so at the same time as the morgue staff}. nevertheless, there's still a strong sense of urgency in the hunt for the infected man's killers, underground street-rats who pollute the sewers with their misdeeds.in medieval times, when the black death (now widely believed to have been bubonic plague) swept across the civilised world, killing a third of europe's population, many identified the destruction as being the work of the devil. jack palance's character, blackie, serves effectively as satan in human form: the angular-jawed thug can occasionally be charming and charismatic, but is always liable to explode into fits of violence; his two hoodlums (played by guy thomajan and zero mostel), through terror more than anything else, are constantly grovelling at his feet. when one lackey falls ill with fever, blackie deduces that the man's immigrant cousin must have "brought something in with him" (the irony of his conclusion not passing unnoticed), and so attempts to ascertain what this presumably valuable object must be. he cradles the dying poldi in his arms, a grotesque display of faux affection that is both pathetic and unsettling. blackie/satan is finally stopped  not by the authorities, but by the burden of his own infection/evil  as he attempts to board a cargo ship, the primary vessel by which the plague spread across europe.

as the film opens, two thugs kill another thug. when the body is discovered and about to be autopsied, the doctor realizes that although the man was shot dead, he was also suffering from the pneumonic plague--a very nasty and more virulent version of the bubonic plague! so, it's a race against time to find those who came in contact with the dead man and treat them immediately, otherwise a disaster could erupt.oddly, i actually know quite a bit about the pneumonic plague, as i taught a series of lectures on it for my history classes. the film really did not do a good job of getting the facts right about the disease in that it looked little like what the people had in the movie. the biggest problem is that this illness is so incredibly grotesque that in 1950 they really wouldn't have been allowed to show it. sure, there is high fever and coughing (they got this right) but also lots of bleeding and explosive vomiting of blackened blood--along with the enormously swollen lymph nodes like you'd get with the bubonic plague--all purply and gross! i can certainly understand why they didn't go this far. also, i am sure that the federal government would have had a much, much greater involvement in controlling and treating the disease--here in the film it was handled on a very local level and everyone seemed ill-prepared and a bit dumb. no one seemed willing to believe the doctors!! as for the acting, the film had some excellent actors here. richard widmark and paul douglas are, respectively, the public health doctor and police chief. good actors but also known actors back in 1950. however, in his first film is the very menacing jack palance (still going by his original moniker, 'walter jack palance') as well as the relatively unknown (at the time) zero mostel. palance was great--very scary and very physically adept in his own stunts. mostel played a heavy typical of his early work--a greasy and cowardly sort of evil.overall, despite really not getting the details right and wrapping everything up a little too neatly, the film is very tense and has excellent acting--and is well worth seeing.

kazan's early film noir won an oscar. some of the reviews here go into extraordinary detail and length about the film and its symbolism, and rate it very highly. i can almost see where they are coming from. but i prefer to take a more toned-down approach to a long-forgotten film that appears to have been shot on practically no budget and in quasi-documentary fashion. pneumonic plague is loose in the streets of new orleans, and it is up to a military doctor (widmark) and a city detective (douglas) to apprehend the main carrier (palance). the film is moody, shot in stark black and white, and makes very good use of locations. widmark is wonderful as usual. forget the symbolism (crime equals disease, and disease equals crime) and just enjoy the chase. it is not always easy watching a film like this now that we are well into this new century, as it is of a particular style that was very short-lived (post wwii through the early 1950s) and will unlikely be of interest to the casual film watcher. for those who will be watching this for the first time, sit tight for the big chase at the end. it is something else, and frankly i don't know how they filmed some of it. i can say it probably took as long to film the finale as it did the first 90 percent of the movie.

no, not really, but this is a very good film indeed, and is sadly a forgotten gem. black and white suits the film.straight forward formula, a guy had the plague and the authorities have to track down everyone he came in contact with before they die.very well directed, and the acting is great. richard widmark as the male lead is good but is completely over shadowed in the acting stakes by paul douglas as the police captain, and jack palance (never better than this) and zero mostel as the baddies. sadly palance went on to play similar characters in some really second rate gangster or war movies.

like a streetcar named desire (also directed by gadg both on stage and screen) panic in the streets depicts a new orleans in which its major claim to fame - the birthplace of jazz - doesn't even rate a mention. it was richard widmark's seventh film and arguably went a long way to establishing him as the fine actor he really was rather than merely a psychotic killer. gadg himself appears in an uncredited small role as a morgue attendant but the film is rich in talent beginning with jack palance (still being billed as walter jack palance)as the local mr 'big' followed side-kick zero mostel, barbara bel geddes, emile meyer, tommy rettig plus the rock-solid ever reliable paul douglas as the cop who comes round to doc widmark's point of view. it's a very rewarding movie more so for being little seen. catch it if you can.

i wonder what audiences of the day thought when first laying eyes on walter jack palance (blackie). certainly he looks like no one else of the time, that skull-like face, flattened nose, and elongated body-- even now he remains an unsettling presence. and what could be more appropriate than his emergence out of those dingy new orleans slums that appear to fester like the plague blackie is loosing on the city. i'm just sorry he didn't have more scenes.the movie itself is very skillfully assembled the morgue's black humor, the widmark- douglas interplay, the un-touristy locations, the battles among officialsall are woven into a tensely realistic thriller with a menace unlike others of the time. even widmark's domestic scenes that put a woman (bel geddes) on the marquee manage not to be too disruptive. director kazan certainly shows his aptitude for helming a studio (fox) product, no matter how he may have felt about the commercial aspect.widmark does a solid low-key job as the public health officer. but my money is on the one- and-only zero mostel. was there ever a sweatier performer who could squeal louder or get pushed around more than the bulky fall guy (e.g. the enforcer, 1950). that scene with mostel, where palance argues with mostel's shrewish wife (liswood), is a gem of frantic subservience as mostel tries to pacify each like some berserk pinball. too bad he lost so many years to the blacklist. (i wonder if it was the voluble kazan who named him.)but it's not only the professionals that add color. the locals add both character and authenticity, especially the two asian guys interviewed by the cops. that whole scene has an improvised air, as if kazan recognized their potential and fashioned a nifty little scene on the spot. then too, that colorful hiring hall with all the deck hands is pure inspiration. and what about those flea-bitten coffee shops that have me running to the nearest denny's.anyway, the movie is still a well-staged, riveting thriller with an apocalyptic air that oddly foreshadows many of today's mega-hits.

"panic in the streets" is an exciting and atmospheric thriller in which director elia kazan achieved a great sense of realism by shooting the movie in new orleans, using a number of local people to fill various roles and making intelligent use of improvisation. as a result, the characters and dialogue both seem very natural and believable. an important deadline which has to be met in order to avoid a disaster, provides the story with its great sense of urgency and pace and the problems which delay the necessary action from being taken, then increase the tension to a high level.following a dispute between the participants in a card game, a man called kochak (lewis charles) is shot and his body is dumped in the dock area. when the body is found and the coroner identifies the presence of a virus, u.s. public health official dr clinton reed (richard widmark) is called in and his examination confirms the presence of pneumonic plague. reed insists that all known contacts of the dead man must be inoculated without delay because the very infectious nature of the disease means that without such action, anyone infected could be expected to die within days.as the identity of the dead man is unknown, the task of finding his contacts is expected to be difficult and this situation is not helped when city officials and the police commissioner are not fully convinced by reed's briefing. they doubt that the threat to the public is potentially as serious as he claims it is and their initial lack of commitment is just the first of a series of obstacles which prevent action from being taken urgently. the investigation that follows is hampered by a lack of cooperation from the immigrant community, a group of seamen, the proprietor of a restaurant and also some illegal immigrants before the man's identity and his contacts are eventually found.kochak, an illegal immigrant, had been in a gang with blackie (jack palance), raymond fitch (zero mostel) and vince poldi (tommy cook) and when gang leader blackie becomes aware of the ongoing police investigation, he presumes that kochak must've smuggled something very valuable into the country. as kochak and poldi were related, blackie assumes that poldi must know something about this and goes to find out more. poldi, however, is very ill and unable to provide any information. blackie brings in his own doctor and together with fitch starts to move poldi out of his room and down some stairs and this is when they meet up with reed and an exciting chase follows.richard widmark gives a strong performance as an underpaid public official who copes efficiently with the onerous responsibilities of his job whilst also dealing with his domestic preoccupations as a family man. in an unusual type of role for him, he also portrays the determined and serious minded nature of dr reed very convincingly. jack palance's film debut sees him giving an impressive performance as a ruthless thug who misjudges kochak's reason for leaving the card game and also the reason for the intense police investigation. his distinctive looks also help to make his on-screen presence even more compelling.in typical docu-noir style, expressionist cinematography and neo-realist influences are utilized in tandem to effectively capture the atmosphere of the locations in which the action takes place. elia kazan directs with precision throughout but also excels in the memorable chase sequence in the warehouse and on the dockside.

a doctor and a policeman in new orleans have only 48 hours to locate a killer infected with pneumonic plague.an effective, and classy, little thriller directed by elia kazan that blends documentary realism with a race against time pulpy heartbeat. set and filmed in and around new orleans, panic in the streets is taken from the story quarantine, some like 'em cold by edna and edward anhalt who won an oscar for original story. it also boasts a fine ensemble cast that deliver top rate performances for their director. in turn, richard widmark {bringing the method a year before marlon did for kazan in a streetcar named desire}, paul douglas, jack palance (as walter jack palance) & the wonderfully named zero mostel, all get sweatily moody as the pursuers chase the pursued to halt the onset of a potential black death epidemic.where the film scores its main suspense points is with kazan's astute ability to cut back and forth between the protagonists without altering the flow and mood of the piece. from widmark's public health doctor, with hypodermic needle in hand, running around trying to locate the bad guys so he can do good; to the bad guys themselves who are bemused as to why there is such a wide scale hunt for them; the tension is stacked up to fever breaking point. to which thankfully the final thirty minutes becomes a cracking piece of cinema. with palance excelling as a nasty villain that ironically puts one in mind of widmark's own tommy udo from kiss of death three years prior.it's an imaginative and intelligently written story, one that cunningly links rats and criminals to being carriers of disease. a blight on society as it were. it's noirish elements, such as paranoia, blend nicely with its basic procedural thriller being. while some memorable scenes are suitably cloaked by the stifling atmosphere that kazan has created. although some of the early character psychologizing threatens to steer the film down some over talky based alleyway, this definitely is a film worth staying with to the end. not essential film-noir, and maybe not even essential kazan, but certainly a highly recommended film that begs to be discovered by a new generation of film lovers and reappraised by the old guard who may have missed it back in the day. 7.5/10

a neat 'race against time' premise - a murdered john doe is found to have pneumonic plague, so while the health authority and nopd battle everybody and each other trying to find his waterfront contacts, the murderers think the heat is because the victim's infected cousin is holding out on them. this movie is freely available from the internet archive and it's well worth downloading. a lot (all?) of this movie was filmed in genuine new orleans locations, which makes it interesting to look at for what is now period detail, though to me it does look under-exposed, even for noir - maybe mobile lighting rigs then weren't what they are. there is also a plenty of location background noise, which is slightly distracting - car horns in the love scene, anyone? there are a lot of non-professional supporting artists in crowd scenes, and this may explain why the pacing of the film is slightly saggy to begin with - not much chance for retakes or recasting, though the final chase is worth hanging on for. there's not much wrong with the lead actors either: jack palance is genuinely scary as a charismatic, intelligent psychopath - the later scene as he alternately comforts and threatens the sick cousin is terrific, while widmark, as he often did, pitches the righteous anger of the man on a mission at a believable level - most of the time. somebody should remake this - no supernaturals, no mysticism, no special fx, just a good yarn full of character conflict, and a topical theme. another reviewer mentioned the writer john kennedy o'toole, and that's spot on with the number of oddball new orleans types peppering this dark, sleazy, against-the-clock drama. there's even a midget newspaper seller."community? what community? d'you think you're living in the middle ages?"

elia kazan, one of the best theater directors this country ever had, showed he was equally at home with movies. with "panic in the streets", mr. kazan gives us an early version of what would come later, with perhaps his master piece, "on the waterfront", although both movies share only the water setting, for they are different visions about different subjects.mr. kazan shot on location in new orleans. the adaptation by daniel fuchs of the edna and edward anhalt stories that are the basis of the film, is remarkable in that it takes us to places that no tourist dared to see when visiting "the big easy". one of the big assets of this film is the magnificent black and white cinematography by joseph macdonald that shows new orleans at its best. also the music by alfred newman and the song by billie holiday gives the proceedings a nice touch.this film, could have been shot in new york, or another northern big city because it presents us with characters that speak more like "broklynese" than maybe a southern accent one might hear in that part of the country.one thing comes clear in the movie, jack palance, making his screen debut, smolders the screen every time one sees him. he was so intense! at the same time, this tough guy shows a tender side of him when he goes to see his sick partner, who unknown to him, is stricken with a fatal disease. blackie, comforts this man caressing his sweaty face and running his hands through the dying man's greasy hair with abandon. notable also, was the fact that mr. palance and mr. mostel appear to have been doing their own stunts, something so refreshing because both actors make it seem real.the film also presents a normal side with the introduction of the reed family at the beginning of the film. we see a family man painting furniture with his young son. later he and the wife discuss how it appears they can't make ends meet with his salary, something that many families have to deal with on a daily basis. richard widmark, playing a normal person is not as effective as when this actor plays more cunning and intense people. barbara bel geddes, as the wife, sounds as though she's a suburban woman from connecticut.the film is enjoyable thanks to mr. kazan's direction and the excellent cast working in the movie.

just a comment on new orleans accents...an earlier reviewer noted the following: "this film, could have been shot in new york, or another northern big city because it presents us with characters that speak more like "broklynese" than maybe a southern accent one might hear in that part of the country." there was also another comment along these lines from an english reviewer.many people in new orleans do, in fact, sound "broklynese". i have never found out why. (it's mentioned in "a confederacy of dunces" by john kennedy toole.) i always appreciate movies taking place in new orleans that include this detail, as this one did. too often it's just the hollywood version of the standard southern accent.

given its time of release, the story that unravels in 1950 thriller 'panic in the streets' was hardly a surprise. the corpse of a mysterious illegal immigrant is found and passed off as a nobody until further examination from a public health inspector who claims the corpse carries a strain of bubonic plague. yet with the current drama in the world today, this strangely helps this film in appearing credible for today's viewers. the cast and crew are flawless. richard widmark in his first role following his breakthrough performance in 'night and the city,' jack palance in his chilling film debut, also starring in this film are paul douglas and a young (and rather cute) barbara bel geddes. a whole slew of uncredited, non-professional actors (typical of director kazan) fill in the remaining slots. elia kazan directs, joe macdonald films (he would later work with richard widmark again in 1953's much superior 'pickup on south street') and the great alfred newman scores it. nearly everyone involved here has done better work, 'panic in the streets' is quite the rewarding watch, nonetheless. especially for the film-noir enthusiast.

i can't really condemn the movie because it does work. there is enough film noir elements to consider it a noir movie, but i think it's only just in the category.there's nothing sinister in this piece, and that's where the noir elements fail. sure, the disease might be considered sinister, but i have a hard time seeing that. the movie hints at a darker side: blackie may be trafficking human beings, the new orleans police are only too willing to arrest a reporter, the specter of the plague hangs over all of the people in the movie... but those are really only hints.there's no attempt made to question reed's motivations, as one with do with marlowe or spade, nor is there any attempt to bring a humans side to blackie, which would make him even more contemptuous if the human trafficking was actually played out.that lack of depth is what fails the movie in the end.the story is decent, the acting is good, the writing and direction are well done... but there is nothing to make this a movie you should return to over and over. worth watching once, maybe twice if you don't remember it from years ago, and then putting away.

"panic in the streets" was a decent thriller, but i felt a bit disappointed by it. the central theme of a city being attacked by a plague in modern times is fascinating, but the film never really explores or develops it. its well made and entertaining, but its not as interesting as it should have been. the screenplay for this one is really weak and brings the whole film down. none of the central characters are really compelling or believable.fortunately, the film is very well made so it compensates for the weak scripting. the direction by elia kazan keeps the film suspenseful and moving at a lightning quick pace. there are some standout sequences, particularly the memorable chase climax. when his direction was combined with better screenplays several years later, the man could mostly do no wrong.the acting is also very good. richard widmark was always a watchable leading man and does what he can with an underwritten character. paul douglas spends his time yelling a bit too much but does a decent job as well. the standouts in the cast are the two villains. zero mostel, known primarily for his comic roles, is effectively slimy as one of cinema's ultimate toady characters. jack palance is, unsurprisingly, a chilling villain. "panic in the streets" is disappointing but still worth watching. (7/10)

when plague breaks out in new orleans, it's richard widmark to the rescue in "panic in the streets," one of the lesser-celebrated films of the great elia kazan. kazan keeps the pace brisk, and there are lots of marvelous touches - the scenes between widmark and barbara bel geddes, who plays his wife and the scene in the police station show family life and work life and the relationships of average citizens, which is in sharp contrast to the lives and relationships of the low-lifes, portrayed by a menacing jack palance, his weak yes man, zero mostel, tommy cook, and louis charles. there are also some interesting visuals - palance has a couple of scenes with actors who seem to come up to his knees in height.the acting is marvelous and the dialogue sharp if the story isn't quite up to the direction and performances. it has a few questionable aspects which will be spotted by the viewer quite easily. that aside, it's well worth viewing. kazan was a masterful director.

in panic in the streets richard widmark plays u.s. navy doctor who has his week rudely interrupted with a corpse that contains plague. as cop paul douglas properly points out the guy died from two bullets in the chest. that's not the issue here, the two of them become unwilling partners in an effort to find the killers and anyone else exposed to the disease.as was pointed out by any number of people, for some reason director elia kazan did not bother to cast the small parts with anyone that sounds like they're from louisiana. having been to new orleans where the story takes place i can personally attest to that. richard widmark and his wife barbara bel geddes can be excused because as a navy doctor he could be assigned there, but for those that are natives it doesn't work.but with plague out there and the news being kept a secret, the new orleans pd starts a dragnet of the city's underworld. the dead guy came off a ship from europe and he had underworld connections. a new orleans wise guy played by jack palance jumps to a whole bunch of erroneous conclusions and starts harassing a cousin of the dead guy who is starting to show plague symptoms. palance got rave reviews in the first film where he received notice.personally my favorite in this film is zero mostel. this happened right before mostel was blacklisted and around that time he made a specialty of playing would be tough guys who are really toadies. he plays the same kind of role in the humphrey bogart film, the enforcer. sadly i can kind of identify with mostel in that last chase scene where he and palance are being chased down by widmark, douglas, and half the new orleans police. seeing the weight challenged zero trying to keep up with palance was something else because i'm kind of in zero's league now in the heft department.kazan kept the action going at a good clip, there's very little down time in this film. if there was any less it would be an indiana jones film. panic in the streets won an oscar for best original screenplay that year.kazan also made good use of the new orleans waterfront and the french quarter. some of the same kinds of shots are later used in on the waterfront. in fact panic in the streets is about people not squealing when they really should in their own best interest. very similar again to on the waterfront.panic in the streets does everyone proud who was associated with it. now why couldn't elia kazan get some decent new orleans sounding people in the small roles.

refreshing `lost' gem! featuring effective dialog combined with excellent acting to establish the characters and involve you enough to care what happens to them. the douglas and widmark characters are realistic heroes. palance is his usual evil presence. widmark win the fisticuffs fight scene, a car chase of less than 60 seconds with a `logical' end, and a lengthy chase on foot that shames the overdone chase sequences of contemporary hollywood. you know how it will likely end, but the suspense and interest are sustained throughout. the end of the chase is one of the most realistic you will ever see. the film seems to slow a little past the middle, but stay with it for the rewarding conclusion.

"panic in the streets" is a fairly unknown little movie from director elia kazan and was made before his classic masterpieces such as "a streetcar named desire", "on the waterfront" and "east of eden". kazan already won an oscar in 1947, before this movie, so he was not a completely unknown at the time. still "panic in the streets" is mostly a movie that passed under the radar.the great thing about this movie is the oscar winning script. it has a very good concept and its excellent tense thriller material with a sniff of crime/film-noir elements. the dialog in this movie is also absolutely magnificent and gives the movie a feel of reality and credibility.the cast is fairly unknown (especially at the time it was released) but it still features zero mostel and jack palance in one of their first movie roles. especially palance impresses as the tough gangster boss, with a very powerful looking face.still the movie drags a little at some points. the movie starts of very well but after the start the movie slows down and does not always makes the right decisions in terms of pace and the point of view the story is told from.yet, "panic in the streets" remains a perfectly watchable movie, mainly due to its solid script and powerful dialog that makes the movie a believable one to watch. for fans of the thriller genre this is a great movie to watch.8/10

in new orleans, an illegal immigrant feels sick and leaves a poker game while winning the smalltime criminal blackie (walter jack palance). he is chased by blackie and his men raymond fitch (zero mostel) and poldi (guy thomajan), killed by blackie and his body is dumped in the sea. during the autopsy, the family man lieutenant commander dr. clinton reed (richard widmark) of the u.s. public health service finds that the dead man had pneumonic plague caused by rats and he needs to find who had any type of contact with the man within forty-eight hours to avoid an epidemic. the city mayor assigns the skeptical captain tom warren (paul douglas) to help dr. clint to find the killers that are infected with the plague and inoculate them."panic in the streets" discloses a simple story, but it is still effective and with a great villain. the engaging plot has not become dated after fifty-seven years. jack palance performs a despicable scum in his debut, and the camera work while he tries to escape with zero mostel is still very impressive. my vote is seven.title (brazil): "pnico nas ruas" ("panic in the streets")

when a stiff turns up with pneumonic plague (a variant of bubonic plague), u.s. public health service official dr. clinton reed (richard widmark) immediately quarantines everyone whom he knows was near the body. unfortunately, the stiff got that way by being murdered, and there's a good chance that the murderer will start spreading the plague, leading to an epidemic. enter police captain tom warren (paul douglas), who is enlisted to track down the murderer as soon as possible and avert a possible national disaster.while panic in the streets is a quality film, it suffers from being slightly unfocused and a bit too sprawling (my reason for bringing the score down to an eight). it wanders the genres from noirish gangster to medical disaster, police procedural, thriller and even romance.this is not director elia kazan's best work, but saying that is a bit disingenuous. kazan is the helmer responsible such masterpieces as a streetcar named desire (1951), on the waterfront (1954) and east of eden (1955), after all. this film predates those, but kazan has said that he was already "untethered" by the studio. taking that freedom too far may partially account for the sprawl. the film is set in new orleans, a city where kazan "used to wander around . . . night and day so i knew it well". he wanted to exploit the environment. "it's so terrific and colorful. i wanted boats, steam engines, warehouses, jazz joints--all of new orleans".kazan handles each genre of panic in the streets well, but they could be connected better. the film would have benefited by staying with just one or two of its moods. the sprawl in terms of setting would have still worked. part of the dilemma may have been caused by the fact that panic in the streets was an attempt to merge two stories by writers edna and edward anhalt, "quarantine" and "some like 'em cold".the gangster material, which ends up in firmly in thriller territory with an extended chase scene near the end of the film, is probably the highlight. not surprisingly, kazan has said that he believes the villains are "more colorful--i never had much affection for the good guys anyway. i don't like puritans". a close second is the only material that approaches the "panic" of the title--the discovery of the plague and the attempts to track down the exposed, inoculate them and contain the disease. while there is plenty of suspense during these two "moods", much of the film is also a fairly straightforward drama, with pacing more typical of that genre.the dialogue throughout is excellent. the stylistic difference to many modern films could hardly be more pronounced. it is intelligent, delivered quickly and well enunciated by each character. conflict isn't created by "dumb" decisions but smart moves; events and characters' actions are more like a chess game. when unusual stances are taken, such as reed withholding the plague from the newspapers, he gives relatively lengthy justifications for his decisions, which other characters argue over.in light of this, it's interesting that kazan believed that "propriety, religion, ethics and the middle class are all murdering us". that idea works its way into the film through the alterations to the norm, or allowances away from it, made by the protagonists. for example, head gangster blackie (jack palance in his first film role) is offered a "get out of jail free" card if he'll cooperate with combating the plague.the technical aspects of the film are fine, if nothing exceptional, but the real reasons to watch are the performances, the intriguing scenario and the well-written dialogue.

this film is actually pertinent even today given the threat of bio-terrorism, and the threats of superbugs, west nile virus, and sars. as a thriller, the tension is fairly intense. richard widmark and paul douglas are more than serviceable in their roles. the domestic scenes between widmark and his wife provide a nice interlude to the main plot. the actor in this film who most left his mark is jack palance. his sharply defined features and seemingly easygoing exterior always wither way to reveal the avaricious and cruel man beneath the surface. the chase scene through the packing plant is impressive even today. recommended, 7/10.

panic in the streets opens in high noir style, a view along a dark street followed by a camera tilt upwards to a window, behind which is playing out a sleazy card game - an opening flourish which, along with some of the location shooting, anticipates some of the atmosphere welles brought a decade later in touch of evil. one of the players throws open the window; it's an appropriate action, serving as an introduction to the events within as well as literally opening up our first view of the underworld.shot in high contrast black and white, panic in the streets benefits immensely from a strong cast as well as some fine location shooting in new orleans. scenes set in such places as the mortuary, the crowded shipping office or amidst the peeling paint of 'frank's place' offer a unique, and sometimes claustrophobic atmosphere, impossible to recreate in the studio. with these elements, kazan's film shows the influence of dassin's groundbreaking naked city of two years earlier, which established the gritty, almost documentary style within the noir cycle. in fact, widmark's previous role had been in dassin's even finer night and the city, a film in which a sense of rising panic was even more prevalent. joe macdonald, a favourite with the director, photographed panic in the streets' detailed environment. macdonald also worked on kazan's pinky and viva zapata!, and went on to shoot widmark again three years later in fuller's masterpiece pick up on south street.as others have noticed, in a manner typical of some noir films, kazan's work offers a contrast between the confusion, sickness and immorality of the streets with the modest, calm home life of the reeds. but whereas (for instance) in lang's the big heat (1953) the home life of the hero is destroyed by elements of vice surrounding the embattled central character - ultimately sending him back to work with an increased vigilance and sense of vengeance - panic in the streets places reed's rising anxiousness within the confines of what amounts to just another working 'day'. despite all the danger, ultimately he returns back to the bosom of his family justified and satisfied. the implication being that social balance has been restored, at least for the moment by his professionalism and curative skills.that imbalance of course, has been created by crime and disease. the two are closely associated in this film. it reminds one of the tagline from the much cruder cobra (1986) - where "crime is the disease. meet the cure," a neat analogy in context, if one which rings too uncomfortably of social reductionism. at its climax, as blackie attempts to flee aboard ship, the visuals specifically allude to rats as being similar to criminals, both posing a menace to society's health. as (the presumably infected) blackie prowls round the cheap rooms and the docks with his cronies, in search of something he suspects everyone is after, if without knowing exactly what it is, 'plague' and 'blackie' resonate together in the audiences mind, adding further to connected associations. ironically blackie's hunch about poldi's unfortunate cousin, that "he brought something in" of note is correct - even if, finally, its nothing he can sell or steal. blackie's logical assumption that the police would not normally bother with the murder of some anonymous illegal immigrant has a ring of truth about it, and his so confusion is understandable.dr reed, although home-loving, and on the side of society, is a true noir hero. familiar to the genre is the chief protagonist as a man who walks alone, forced to travel beyond the limits of the law. in his way, reed is forced to take morality into his own hands for the sake of society at large - a dimension of the film that is particularly apposite, given director kazan's controversial personal history. the director testified before the infamous huac, naming suspected communists and fellow travellers. his film depicts suspects being hauled in for questioning, and the manhandling of the press, on the grounds that the overriding public good justified the means. these actions perhaps echo the director's sentiments at the time, presumably accepting the mccarthyite witch hunt and the suppression of civil rights it entailed in the light of presumed communist infiltration of the entertainment industry. in these times of terrorist threats and state response, such issues as they appear in the film are strikingly modern.standout scenes in the film include a notable scene where blackie interrogates the dying poldi as to the precise nature of his cousin's presumed contraband. cat like, blackie stalks his victim across the room, eventually preying over the doomed man's sick bed, holding poldi's feverish head in his hands - a striking, evil cradling. it's a gesture emphasising the intimate nature of corruption, whether moral or physical. apparently, the actors did many or all of their own stunts, which leads to some other, very dramatic scenes at the end, as the police and health authorities close in on the villains under the wharfs. half crawling, half scrambling over the slippery timbers at the edge of the dock pool must have been an experience very uncomfortable for palance, but it is sequence that adds immensely to the immediacy of it all.occasionally less convincing elements distract the viewer. apparently dr reed is left to fight a potential national emergency little government backup. perhaps just as astonishingly, he never inoculates himself - inviting a dramatic turn which never materialises. at the end of the film, too, the potential epidemic has been halted, all contactees located, a little too neatly. but these weaknesses are more than outweighed by the other satisfactions of a film that still makes for compulsive and relevant viewing today.

when ever a film is produced or directed by mel ferrer, you can bet your life any of his pictures will be seen for generation after generation. just having claudette colbert,(ellen r. ewing),"the egg & i",'47 appearing and starring in the film will make it even more of a great classic film. in this film, ellen ewing gets married and then she encounters all kinds of mental problems and even murder. the mystery gets very much involved and robert ryan,(david mclean),"battle of the bulge",'65, comes to the aid of ellen and sometimes you even wonder about david being on the up and up. as you view this picture you just about find yourself beginning to understand who is the real nutty person and all of a sudden, you begin to change your mind how the film will end. great acting by claudette colbert and robert ryan who played an entirely different role than he usually portrays on the screen. i forgot to mention that mel ferrer, was married to a great film star, audrey hepburn. great classic film, with great classic actors !

this movie was terrific and even with a less than convincing ending, it's still well worth seeing. the film begins as claudette colbert is about to marry robert ryan. when the minister asks if anyone has any objections, a guy jumps up and announces that colbert can't get married because she already is married!! colbert insists this isn't true, but when they investigate they find that the justice of the peace and many others remember her wedding and there is even a signed wedding license! slowly, it becomes apparent that claudette's mind is slipping and people around her seriously doubt her sanity. then, when the supposed first husband is murdered, all evidence and suspicion falls on colbert.the film is an exciting mystery suspense film, as what i have so far described is only the first half of the movie. what follows is amazingly intelligent and captivating. unfortunately, the conclusion, though, is a bit of a let-down, as the guiding force behind all this turns out to come "right out of left field"--and is baffling since it was so unexpected and impossible to guess based on the information given to the viewer. however, in spite of this, the film was so good, i can even excuse the limp ending. in particular, robert ryan did a great job as the "knuckle-busting" fianc, though apart from him the other performances were also excellent.

the secret fury, in many ways a run-of-the-mill romantic suspense drama (directed by mel ferrer) boasts top-notch principals in colbert and ryan; it stays puzzling if not quite gripping until towards the end, when implausibility conquers suspension of disbelief -- as so often it does in this genre. but for some viewers the film's highlight will be the portrayal of blowsy leah by vivian vance -- the immortal ethel mertz on "i love lucy." oddly, vance had very few film roles; her true home was broadway, where (among other gigs) she understudied for ethel merman. here she contributes a winning turn as a chambermaid suborned to play a minor part in a nefarious scheme; watch her half-heartedly trying to wave away the smoke when she's puffing a furtive cigarette in the hotel's linen-storage room -- a transgression for which she ultimately pays the supreme penalty.

in the hands of lesser actors than claudette colbert and robert ryan this film could have become silly and trite. but, with these two experienced thespians leading the way, i found "silent fury" to be a most exciting and pleasurable little mystery. when their wedding is interrupted by a stranger who claims that colbert is already married, and that he was best man at that wedding, one can sense that there is some sort of plot against her at work. as colbert, ryan, and her attorney set out to disprove the strangers claim of a prior marriage, they are met at every turn by more evidence that seems to reinforce the claim that she is indeed already wed. although it's not very difficult to figure out just who the main "baddie" is, it's still lots of fun as the intensity and pace of the story increases. all in all, a good, solid mystery film with fine performances by the two leading actors and a fine supporting cast which includes the often underrated paul kelly.

i was surprised, that ''the secret fury'' was an enjoyable good film...... probably because, i didn't have any expectations for this movie..... though, the film does have it's plot holes..... i would say, that you couldn't guess who was behind the whole scheme, until the very end of the movie..... at first, i thought, it was robert ryan, using the same method, like ''gaslight'' where husband tries to drive his wife mad, but i was wrong...... the main problem, with the movie is, they drive at a whole other direction, which gave no clues at the beginning...... i thought, robert ryan & claudette colbert carried their parts well...... plus, vivian vance, a fine character actress, who steals scenes in this one...... those who like movies, that keeps you guessing, will like this one......

this is the second film i've seen of ida lupino as a director after 53's the hitch-hiker. i think this one was a better film then that one. this one has a girl who is about to get married and she is then sexually assaulted and doesn't like everyone looking and talking about her so she runs away and and is taken in by a family. i think leonard maltin's review is right only to give it 2 and 1/2 stars.

before this little black-and-whiter, the touchy topic of criminal rape never made it onto the american screen.there were lots of these topics that hollywood and the production code kept hidden until the rebellious 1960's. so it's not surprising that it would take a little independent company like ida lupino's filmmakers to raise the subject. the result is well-meaning but somewhat compromised, which is not surprising since director lupino had to work with code demands to get the movie released.interestingly, ann walton's (mala powers) main problem following the assault is not how others might see her, but how she sees herself. and it's a heavy load she's carrying. will she ever be able to relate to men again? will they look at her as "spoiled goods" (after all, this is 1950)? small wonder she runs away rather than face these anxieties at home and at work, even though family and friends are generally supportive. overall, this first part is earnest and well-done. the chase is hyped to inject some action into the plot, but then this is a movie-- notice how the incurious neighbor fails to respond to the honking horn near chase's end. had those been screams of alarm from powers instead, the neighbor's lack of response would have raised an interesting albeit complicating issue.the second half is pretty much given over to the production code in the sentimentalized person of rev. ferguson (tod andrews). it's he (to quote a phrase) who "gives her courage to face life again". there's some effort at humanizing him-- is it ann or her dilemma that he's most interested in. still, his gentle and understanding presence comes across as a little too miraculous and a little too hollywood. fortunately, the ending avoids the usual hollywood cop-out by emphasizing only the hope of a happy resolution for ann rather than its certainty. give lupino a ton of credit for dealing with the topic in the first place. given the overall results, i expect she dealt as honestly with the topic as she was allowed to. i also expect today's audiences find the treatment mildly interesting mainly because of powers' excellent performance that brings out the purely human drama. however, the film works best now as a document of its time, and what the cultural watchdogs of that day thought was appropriate for adult viewing.

ida lupino was one of the few women to break through the directorial glass ceiling in hollywood under the studio system. not surprisingly, she also tackled proto-feminist themes that, when touched at all, were approached in so gingerly a manner that it was seldom quite clear what was being talked about. in outrage, she treats rape and its aftermath, and though throughout the short movie it's referred to as `criminal assault,' she leaves, for once, no doubt about what happened.mala powers (in her official debut) plays a secretary-bookkeeper at a big industrial plant; she lives with her parents but is engaged to a swell guy (robert clarke), who just got a raise and now makes $90 a week. leaving the plant after working late one night, she finds herself being stalked. in the ensuing scene  the best in the movie  she tries to escape her pursuer in a forbidding maze of buildings and alleys but fails.when she returns home, disheveled and in shock, the police can't get much out of her; she claims she never saw her attacker (who manned a snack truck outside the factory). trying to pretend that nothing happened, she returns to her job but falls apart, thinking that everybody is staring at her, judging her. she goes into a fugue state, running away to los angeles on a bus but stumbling off at a rest stop. waking up in a strange ranch house, she learns that she's been rescued by tod andrews, a young minister in a california agricultural town. she lies about her identity and takes a job packing oranges. the two fall vaguely in love, but it's clear to andrews that powers is keeping dire secrets. when, at a company picnic, she seizes a wrench and cracks the skull of jerry paris, who was trying to steal a kiss, the truth about her past comes out....it was a courageous movie to come out in 1950, and that may explain and excuse some of its shortcomings. lupino never recaptures the verve of the early assault scene, and the movie wanders off into the bucolic and sentimental, ending up talky and didactic. yes, lupino had important information to impart, but she didn't trust the narrative to speak for itself. her cast, pleasant but bland and generic, weren't much help, either, reverting to melodramatic postures or homespun reassurance. but outrage was a breakthrough, blazing a trail for later discourse on what the crime of rape really is, and what it really means to its victims.

forget that this is a "b" movie. forget that it is in many ways outdated. instead give writer-director ida lupino much deserved credit for addressing a subject which at the time (1950) was taboo in hollywood. to my knowledge, this was the first film to address the subject of rape and the emotional and mental effects that that crime has upon its victims.although much of the cast's acting is pedestrian at best, mala powers, who at the time was eighteen or nineteen, gives an excellent performance throughout as the traumatized young woman, ann, who tries to run away from her "shame." based on her work in this film, i'm surprised that she did not have a more successful acting career. tod andrews, too, has some fine moments as the minister who reaches out to help her.ms lupino, obviously working on a limited budget, was still able to create some memorable scenes such as the pursuit through the streets and alleys leading to the rape, and the police lineup following it. and, she created a bittersweet ending which left me wondering if ann really could ever have a normal life again.

in her first nonaquatic role, esther williams plays a school teacher who's the victim of sexual assault. she gives a fine performance, proving she could be highly effective out of the swimming pool. as the detective out to solve the case, george nader gives perhaps his finest performance. and he is so handsome it hurts! john saxon is the student under suspicion, and although he gets impressive billing in the credits, it's edward andrews as his overly-protective father who is the standout.bathed in glorious technicolor, the unguarded moment is irresistible hokum and at times compelling drama.

esther williams gets her first post mgm starring role and gets offto a good start. this film is a well acted entertaining suspensewith a mature theme that would be repeated a million times morein the future - innocent girl stalked creepy woman hater. estherlooks great and if she wanted to, probably could have gone on todo more and better films but according to her autobiography, pretty much gave up working for marriage. either way she is solikable and engaging that its fun to see her in a totally different roleoutside of the 'swimming musical'. universal was fabulous formaking films with former mgm stars after that studio begandropping its biggest names as it began to slide down hill. starslike lana turner, june allyson and others got to make quality firstrate films at universal as they obviously still had drawing power atthe box office. i wish esther had made more but since she didnt, itmakes this one all the more special.

the director and two stars of laura (1944) were reteamed for this solid policier: dana andrews is the son of a criminal who becomes a cop to cut all ties with the past but cannot keep his inherited violent ways in check while interrogating suspects and, one night, he goes too far; gene tierney is the estranged wife of his victim, a decorated war hero who has become involved with the town's leading racketeer and andrews' no. 1 nemesis, gary merrill (who had himself been the protg of andrews snr.)! as usual with preminger, this is a well-crafted movie with a notable opening credits sequence and enlivened by a good cast that also includes karl malden (as andrews' incumbent superior), tom tully (as tierney's motor-mouth taxi driver dad) and neville brand (as merrill's chief thug), with notable support also coming from craig stevens (as the slimy, wife-beating victim), bert freed (as andrews' sympathetic partner) and robert f. nolan (as andrews' stern outgoing superior). having already been warned by the latter to mend his ways or else, andrews panics and impersonates stevens for a couple of hours following his murder to put the police on the (in this case) wrong tracks of merrill; however, after tully becomes the prime suspect (by which time andrews and tierney are romantically involved), the cop goes by himself in merrill's lair fully intending to get bumped off and 'frame' the racketeer for his own murder! clearly, the protagonist is a complex character and andrews rises to the challenge with a first-rate characterization that is typically complemented by the in-house fox noir style.

where the sidewalk ends is quite a good film-noir crime drama and is shot well in black and white and on location as well.a copper accidentally kills a bloke who is suspected of murder and to protect himself, he covers this up and blames it on another person he doesn't like who has committed a lot of crimes in the past. but towards the end, he owns up but not before falling in love with a woman he meets who is the lover of the person he killed...the cast includes dana andrews (while the city sleeps, curse of the demon), gene tierney (laura, the ghost and mrs muir), gary merrill (mysterious island), karl malden (the streets of san francisco, beyond the posidon adventure) and craig stevens (the deadly mantis). good parts from all.where the sidewalk ends is worth checking out if you get the chance. excellent.rating: 3 stars out of 5.

"film noir" is an overused expression when it comes to describing films. every crime drama seems to be a "noir". but "where the sidewalk ends" really is a good example of what the genre is all about.very briefly, an overzealous detective (andrews) accidentally kills a no-goodnik who works for the mobsters. the killing is blamed on the father (tom tully) of a woman andrews meets and falls for (tierney). to save dad from old sparky, andrews captures the rest of the mob and turns himself in.the morally guilty cop is driven by impulses from the past. his father was a thief who was killed trying to shoot his way out of jail. but that doesn't excuse his actions after he accidentally offs the no-goodnik in self defense. he immediately goes to the phone to report the incident but he hesitates. he's already in hot water with the department and this could finish his career. then, at just the wrong moment, the phone rings. it's andrews' partner and andrews tells him the suspect they're trailing isn't at home. he hides the body and later disposes of it by slugging a watchman and dumping the body in the river.what motivates a guy to do something so dumb? okay. his job was at risk. but now he's committed multiple felonies. at least i think they must be multiple. i counted obstruction of justice, assault, disposing of a body without a permit, littering, first-degree mopery, and bearing false witness against his neighbor.in the end, we don't know whether to root for andrews or not. the suspect didn't deserve to die, true, but it was after all an accident because andrews didn't know he was a war hero and "had a silver plate in his head." maybe it's that kind of ambiguity that made noir what it was, among other things such as characteristic lighting. if noir involved nothing more than black-and-white photography, murder, criminals, mystery, and suspicious women, then we'd have to include all the charlie chan movies under that rubric.andrews is pretty good. he's a kind of mark macpherson (from "laura") gone bitter. he never laughs, and rarely smiles, even when seated across a restaurant table from gene tierney, a situation likely to prompt smiles in many men. he has no sense of humor at all. his few wisecracks are put-downs. when he shoves a stoolie into a cab and the stoolie says, "careful. i almost hit my head," andrews' riposte is, "that's okay. the cab's insured." andrews could seem kind of wooden at times but this is a role that calls for stubborn and humorless determination and he handles it well. his underplaying is perfect for the part. little twitches or blinks project his thoughts and emotional states. and i guess the director, otto preminger, stopped him from pronouncing bullet as "boo-let" and police as "poe-lice." never could make up my mind about gene tierney. she does alright in the role of tom tully's daughter, a model, but she's like marilyn monroe in that you can't separate the adopted mannerisms from the real personality traits. did tierney actually have such an innocent, almost saintly persona? when she answered the phone at home, did her voice have the same sing-along quality that it has on screen? poor tierney went through some bad psychiatric stuff, before there were any effective meds for bipolar disorder. and andrews too, nice guy though he appears to have been, slipped into alcoholism before finally recovering and making public service announcements.the dvd commentary by peter muller is unpretentious, informed, and sometimes amusing.anyway, this is a good film as well as a good example of film noir. the good guys aren't all good, although the bad guys are all bad. maybe that ambiguity is what makes it an adult picture instead of a popcorn movie. for the kiddies, only one shot is fired on screen and nobody's head explodes. sorry.

the fully rounded character of the principal role of this movie, that of the cop torn up by his past and on a path of self-destruction so clear to the viewer, is unique for its time, 1950. along with the haunting music and the well written plot, the film is a prime example of film noir at its best. close-ups of dana's eyes reveal the anguish within, karl malden excels as his boss, who brooks no nonsense but also has compassion for those under his command in the precinct. otto preminger made this type of movie just about his own. if there is any fault it would be with the breath taking beauty of gene tierney who seems oddly out of place with the hardened cop. their scenes in the cafe, however, are wonderful and ring true. tom tully, in the bit part of her father is perfect as is gary merrill as the hood. great lighting and mood setting. the building where the deadly deeds take place highly atmospheric, i love the old woman in the basement. 8 out of 10.

the title sequence shows the credits written on a rain-soaked sidewalk as people trod on it; music is provided by someone whistling alfred newman's "street scene." then we meet det. sgt. mark dixon (dana andrews), who always wanted to be something his old man wasn't: a guy on the right side of the law. but he's pretty vicious for a good guy. after several complaints over his roughing people up, his boss, insp. nicholas foley (robert f. simon), demotes him. foley tells him he's a good man, but needs to get his head on straight and be more like det. lt. thomas (karl malden), who has just gotten a promotion.meanwhile, tommy scalise (gary merrill, in a splendidly slimy performance) has an illegal dice game going and is looking to make a sucker out of the rich ted morrison (harry von zell), who was brought in by ken paine (craig stevens) and his beautiful wife morgan (gene tierney). she figures out too late her husband is using her as a decoy, and paine strikes her when she refuses to play along. the chivalrous morrison intervenes but paine knocks him out cold. that seems to be the worst of it, but later it turns out the guy is dead; and paine looks guilty.but this won't be paine's story. soon dixon has fallen in love with morganbut not before losing his temper again and committing a terrible deed that he tries to cover up. morgan's father, a tale-spinning taxi driver (tom tully), may take the rap for it. it's up to dixon to try to pin the blame on scalise.otto preminger directs a script credited to ben hecht and three others from the novel "night cry" by william l. stuart. this is a solid film noir with excellent performances and all the shadowy photography and murky morality we expect from this genre. it holds up until the brightly lit ending, which looks like something the studio had filmed to appease the censors. of course, the classic noir directed by preminger and starring andrews and tierney is "laura." you'll enjoy this, but you can't miss that.

gene tierney and dana andrews, who were both so memorable in 1944's "laura, re-teamed for this excellent 1950 film-noir.an embittered policeman, andrews as mark, can't get over the fact that his father was a hoodlum who died in a police shootout while trying to break out of jail. as a result of his bitterness, mark doesn't know when to stop using his hands. it's this inability that leads to the accidental death of a small-time hood.(craig stevens)in trying to frame gangster gary merrill, mark unintentionally puts the heat on innocent cab-drive, tom tully, who is the father of gene tierney, who was separated by stevens.this is a well-thought out film dealing with the conscience of a basically decent human being.the ending is not exactly upbeat as mark will have to face the music. at least, he finally admits to what he has done.

dana andrews is one of those actors that i've probably seen in a dozen films, but who has never really registered for me. often stolid, taciturn, playing the same kinds of roles and looking somewhat like the similarly underrated glenn ford, he's an actor that takes some effort to really appreciate; but once you hit the right film....and this is it. preminger's moody look at new york's underbelly is as dirty and seedy as just about any 50s noir, and andrews is in his element as too-tough cop mark dixon who just doesn't know how to play the game to get ahead: he hates criminals too much to always play by the rules. early on in the film, he accidentally kills the witness to a murder involving an illegal crap game set up by a mobster who dixon hates for personal reasons, and he spends the rest of the film trying to cover up his involvement and bring the mobster to his kind of "justice". along the way he gets involved with the estranged wife of the man he killed (gene tierney) and also has to try to get her father off the hook for the murder.stunningly photographed by joseph lashelle, with hard and sparkling dialogue by ben hecht and a truly powerful ending with elements of tragedy and found grace in just a minute or two of time, this is another noir for the ages and might be my favorite preminger film thus far -- it's every bit as good as the more-heralded laura.

a hot-headed cop accidentally kills a murder suspect and then covers up the crime, but must deal with a guilty conscience while he tries to solve a murder case. andrews and tierney are reunited with director preminger in a film noir that is as effective as "laura," their earlier collaboration. andrews is perfectly cast as the earnest cop, a good guy caught up in unfortunate circumstances. the acting is fine all around, including malden as a tough police captain and tully as tierney's protective father. the screenplay by hecht, a great and prolific screenwriter, is taut and suspenseful, and preminger creates a great atmosphere.

a turkish bath sequence in a film noir located in new york in the 50's, that must be a hint at something ! something that curiously, in all the previous comments, no one has pointed out , but seems to me essential to the understanding of this movie the turkish baths sequence: a back street at night, the entrance of a sleazy sauna, and scalise wrapped in a sheet, getting his thighs massaged. steve, the masseur is of the young rough boxer ( beefcake!) type , and another guy, a bodyguard? finishes dressing up. dixon obviously hates what he sees there and gets rough right away. we know he has a reputation for roughing up suspects. good cop but getting out of control easy. why is it that he hates them so much ? could it be that he hates himself. this part of himself he inherited from his father ? that dark side that could lead him right at the end of the sidewalk, into the gutter ? what if that dark side lurked within a "closet" ? remember : whenever dixon meets scalise ( 3 times), the guy is lying on a bed, and he only has men around him for company ( the irony of the " girls" poster pinned up on the wall near his bed !).scalise acts funny: affected manners, cranking his neck arrogantly, defiant, shoving his inhalator ( poppers ?) into his nostrils each time he talks to dixon. dixon, with a vengeance, is bent on pinning down scalise who seems not to understand : "i never saw a man so full of hate as you. i consider it almost humorous the way you came after me alone. " four years jumping at me as if i was somebody special! why? "because scalise is someone special indeed : he is the direct inheritor of dixon's father : " your father liked me", "your father set me up in business". he stands as dixon's criminal brother, his dark side incarnate. and to top it all, he prefers the company of men. dixon knows it well :" who killed him (paine)? you or one of your playmates?" playmates ! notice how each time they meet, dixon manhandles scalise: he picks the address-book out of his jacket, slaps his face, punches him. scalise : "i warn you not to touch me! " . dixon's homophobia is obvious. or put it different : his unexpressed homosexuality . dixon, aka dixon's kid, is the son of a thief. in reaction to this, he decided to become a cop, a good one, but there is something of the criminal in him, a dark side: he is a violent copper, a murderer, a liar. besides, he is not married, brings "a dizzy blonde" to his familiar eat-out place every now and then, but nothing else. the waitress scoffing says that he doesn't know how to make love to a woman. dixon has a deep feeling of guilt and hates himself for those reasons." a hood and a mobster like his old man. blood will tell". finally, in order to achieve redemption, dixon decides to sacrifice himself : if he gets his alter ego scalise to kill him, he will free himself from the guilt and free the girl and her father too.the end of the movie brings us back to the opening sequence : scalise is pushed in the gutter and dixon deserves the right to walk the sidewalk and wins the love of the dame. he is straight at last.the unspoken theme of the movie could very well be that of a man who in order to cover his repressed feelings, wants to experience a woman's love ( jean douchet)(these notes owe a lot to the film commentary by jean douchet in the french dvd edited by carlottai

this is a great example of a rather simple film noir story that is handled exceptionally well--thanks to excellent direction by otto preminger as well as some lovely acting performances. dana andrews stars as a hot-headed detective who all too often uses his fists instead of his brains. soon after the film begins, andrews is being reprimanded for this and is warned that if this continues he'll be off the force. a bit later, while investigating a crime he's attacked by a suspect and andrews is forced to fight to protect himself. this time he does not use excessive force but the assailant is killed. andrews panics and assumes they won't believe him so he tries to cover up the death--though instead an innocent man is ultimately blamed for the crime.there's a lot more to the film than this--including a plot involving a slimy villain (gary merrill) and a love interest for andrews (gene tierney). all in all, this is one of the better examples of the genre--with great gritty dialog, superb lighting and a simple yet very effective story. this is the way noir was meant to be.

'where the sidewalk ends (1950)' opens, appropriately, with dana andrews' and gene tierneys' names inscribed on the sidewalk, as dirty water streams down between the bars of a sewer grate. the sidewalk represents respectability, integrity and morality  only crooks and delinquents walk in the gutter. but even the most honourable of men have a tendency to misstep on occasion, and, when the sidewalk abruptly comes to an end, sometimes it proves impossible to avoid getting one's shoes wet. mark dixon (dana andrews) was born in the gutter, his father a professional criminal, and has spent his entire life clawing his way back onto the sidewalk, perpetually balanced on the edge of the kerb. as a police detective, dixon wants nothing more than to display the decency and integrity that his father lacked, but he possesses a mean-streak that he can't escape. when his quick temper leaves a murder suspect dead, dixon finds himself becoming the very father whom he despised, a cheap criminal who'll cheat and lie to cover up his offence.'where the sidewalk ends' was the only film to reunite dana andrews, gene tierney and director otto preminger after the superb 'laura (1944),' though the two films, as far as noir goes, couldn't be further apart. whereas the earlier picture had the strong intimacy of a country-house murder tale, this film is more conventional as a gritty urban police drama. given her ravishingly memorable performance as laura hunt, it's unfortunate that here tierney is grossly underused, occupying the typical niche of the pretty, helpless romantic interest {much as she did that same year in jules dassin's 'the night and the city (1950)'}. andrews, on the other hand, has rarely been better, exhibiting a toughness and unhinged anger that i hadn't expected of him. gary merrill is suitably smug as the crime boss scalise, but he doesn't seem mean enough for the role, and i think that an actor like richard conte (who played mr. brown in 'the big combo (1955)') would have better suited the character; i hadn't realised this, but conte appeared just one year earlier in preminger's 'whirlpool (1949).'the tension, as dixon attempts to cover up his accidental crime, is absolutely riveting  certainly among the most suspenseful sequences of its era  though i feel that the situation still wasn't exploited to its full potential. the taxi driver is the only person who could have decisively identified dixon as the perpetrator, but preminger hurriedly skims over the moment when he passes dixon on the stairs. had the witness been brought in as dixon was re-enacting his own movements outside the apartment entrance, we could have had some genuine fireworks. and why, for that matter, couldn't the taxi driver's testimony have immediately absolved jiggs taylor (tom tully) from suspicion of murder? niggling inconsistencies such as these tarnish an otherwise excellent screenplay from ben hecht, who infuses his gritty criminal underworld with hard-hitting cops and wise-cracking felons. andrews' seething and implosive law-enforcer, tormented by rage and remorse, has rarely been done better, at least the equal of robert ryan in nicholas ray's 'on dangerous ground (1952).'

new york police detective mark dixon (dana andrews) is a guy who has to deal with his own demons on a daily basis at the same time as coping with the normal ups and downs of everyday life. the strain produced by his internal struggle and his intense hatred of criminals, leads him to make serious errors of judgement and to fail to recognise the need for any code of conduct to be adhered to in his dealings with people on the wrong side of the law. he has a track record of treating suspects and known criminals with gross brutality and this has brought him into conflict with his superior officers who have censured him for the amount of violence he has regularly used. dixon cannot reconcile these calls for restraint with his own extreme and irrational hatred of all criminals. he is tormented by the fact that his father was a criminal and has been left with a powerful need to live down his father's reputation and to avoid fulfilling the low expectations that many people have of him as a consequence.when a rich texan is murdered following an evening's gambling run by gangster tommy scalise (gary merrill), dixon is assigned to the case. scalise tells dixon's superior officer detective lieutenant thomas (karl malden) that the victim had been accompanied by ken paine (craig stevens) and his wife morgan (gene tierney) and that paine had committed the murder. dixon goes to paine's apartment and questions the suspect who is both inebriated and uncooperative and when paine punches him, dixon retaliates and paine collapses and dies. dixon goes on to dispose of the body in a nearby river. paine's wife is questioned and after describing what had happened at scalise's place, adds that her father had gone to paine's apartment later that night to take issue with him about the fact that she'd returned home with facial bruising. paine had previously attacked her on a number of occasions and her father, jiggs taylor (tom tully), had threatened that if it happened again he would beat paine up. this information leads to taylor being arrested and charged with murder. nobody accepts dixon's explanation that scalise had killed the texan and then had paine killed to eliminate him as a witness.dixon continues to make various attempts to get scalise convicted but eventually realises that the only way to successfully achieve his goal is to write a confession about his own role in paine's death and the cover up. he does this and also records that he is going alone to confront scalise so that the police can arrest the gangster for dixon's murder. the confrontation with scalise and the eventual means by which dixon achieves his own redemption, provide a tense and fitting conclusion to this gritty thriller.dana andrews' strained and preoccupied expressions convey his character's perpetually troubled nature and his anxieties as he deals with a series of misfortunes which include and follow paine's accidental death. dixon, however, isn't the only one to experience misfortune as morgan, a successful model loses her job because of all the trouble surrounding her. her father, who'd some years earlier been awarded a diploma for assisting the police, unjustly finds himself charged with a crime he did not commit. ken paine who'd been a war hero had experienced unemployment and a loss of self esteem which led to alcoholism and wife beating and scalise who'd been set up in business by dixon's father also suffers his own misfortunes."where the sidewalk ends" is a thoroughly engaging tale involving a group of interesting and diverse characters and a main protagonist who is the absolute personification of moral ambiguity.

the charm of otto preminger's grandiose, visionary film noir is that it has ambiguous intentions, betraying the gloomy essence of the central character, who is still vexed by living in the shadow of his criminal father. dana andrews' driven, vindictive cop is shown as an outsider, irrational and destructive, who maybe can change because he might've found a good woman to look after him. the troubled man reclaims himself with his own tangled impression of rectitude. the distressing mood permanently circuited into the latter half of the story by screenwriter ben hecht reverberates in andrews' tense performance as preminger saturates the film in a relevantly prosaic substance of style. we don't just see and hear the city at night; we feel it because preminger lets us see and hear even the most peripheral and distant factors of it.dana andrews furnishes a complex character unfolded through his streaks of violence and the hatred that always infests him. as the plot develops, he is secretly entangled in situational snares, yet he is renewed by the outward acts that can be seen in the vintage noir protagonist's visceral facial expressions before he executes them.this reflection of a specific phase in the development of the genre is an engrossing, feral and shady film noir that is set in the double-dealing climate of the underworld, where the hero is so estranged that he is always swelling with rage, and even though he loses his rational resistance, occupational principle, and ethical limits, he's still a good cop. preminger just winks at telling a social-conscience drama about a corrupted community within the sprawling cityscape, rather keeping the thriller riding on andrews' shoulders as an existential journey of personal ramifications about a man with an oedipal fixation who is becoming disconnected though with the ever-shrinking influences of the law on his side and an undying perception of right and wrong.the production companies in the early 1950s pussed out on the social-problem picture, and rather made "low-budget, low-risk thrillers" such as this, apparently in an attempt to evade the conniptions of conservative critics and social busybodies. but there is an expressionistic matter-of-factness to preminger's inimitable approach. he injects each scene with a sense of everyday drama as a backdrop for the plot. each supporting character must pull their own weight by doing something interesting, but none of them are cartoons or depressing comic reliefs. to him, every character thinks they're the star, as per the straight-from-the-shoulder self-assertion of karl malden as a missionary police inspector and a veteran waitress at a lunch counter. it is those who are the stars---andrews and gene tierney, both anguished by their futile attempts to subdue their emotional intensity---who don't want to be.

this is a very well-made film, meticulously directed and with some excellent character acting that at times is deeply moving - for example the scene with the loyal but unsophisticated sidekick cop and his wife. the plot is convincingly worked out and exciting. the gangster character is particularly interesting and plays an almost metaphysical role in the life of the hero. it's made clear that the cops are just as rough and ready as the underworld characters.a couple of slight reservations: i found the ending slightly one-sided as it celebrates the hero's successful integration into the structure of the police and justice system, which collapses the ambiguity of the police characters which has been maintained up to that point. also i found the lead female character somewhat weak: little more than a catalyst for the salvation of the hero, all she seems to do is weep and swoon as the tough guys battle it out.

pretty good film from preminger; labyrinthine at times, as it explores sets and locales from various angles and perspectives as if it were a nature film on the denizens of the modern city and how they live. in this sense it is visually and spatially satisfying, as its hero, a good cop with a bad temper, gets into very hot water when he accidentally kills a guy with a plate in his head.dana andrews plays the lead as if it were hamlet, and has never been better. the story may be pure melodrama but andrews gives it weight, and almost raises it to the level of tragedy. as his girl, gene tierney is attractive but unremarkable. gary merrill makes for a very interesting villain, with his natural warmth providing a nice contrast to andrews' coolness; his smiling, amiable-seeming bad guy seems to be continually challenging his nemesis by the mere fact of his being emotionally open, as opposed to the tightly wound and moralistic cop who is pursuing him. there are no major surprises in this film, which seems transitional for all concerned. for director preminger it is a reunion of sorts with his laura stars, andrews and tierney, who were passing their career peaks at around the time the movie was made. the supporting cast,--merrill, karl malden, neville brand--are, understandably, more optimistic, as they were all on their way up. preminger, as serene an observer as ever, lets the events unfold without expressing a strong point of view, as the morally ambiguous ending is somewhat disappointing, for the cat and mouse game between the two antagonists seems larger and more archetypal than any mere movie could contain, much less resolve.

a detective (dana andrews) with a reputation for violence accidentally kills a suspect in a murder (craig stevens) and then tries to cover it up. the otto preminger directed film has plenty of atmosphere but the story gets watered down when the dead man's wife (gene tierney) falls for andrews. he was doing fairly well digging himself into and out of a big hole, but she was just too much light at the end of the tunnel for a noir film. gary merrill is great as scalese, a crime boss that andrews is obsessed with bringing down, and the tension between them gives the film its energy and drive, especially a scene in a bath house with merrill, andrews, and neville brand, and the night time rendezvous outside of bellevue hospital, that sets up what ought to have been the film's conclusion. high marks for atmosphere, andrews, merrill, etc... and the general portrayal of the underworld, though the love angle and the simplistic good cop bad cop elements don't help its cause.

otto preminger's noir classic works almost as a flip-side of laura...while that film was glitzy and features the high fa-luting clifton webb, this film is a whole lot seamier. dana andrews is a less than good cop who accidentally kills a man only to have it potentially pinned on the father of the girl he loves. preminger keeps things moving at a brisk clip so that lapses in logic are easily overlooked. andrews is quite fine (a lot less wooden than he's been in the past) and the stunningly beautiful gene tierney is stunningly beautiful! creepy craig stevens plays the unlucky victim. where the sidewalk ends is a must see and a terrific companion-piece to preminger's equally lurid whirlpool (also starring tierney).

director otto preminger reunites with his laura stars dana andrews and gene tierney in this rough and ready to rumble film noir: where the sidewalk ends. this film is complete with a well-written crime story with interesting characters, unexpected turns, and clever dialogue and an eye-pleasing look with great camera movements and dark and gritty film noir lighting. dana andrews stars as detective mark dixon, part mobster and part cop, who has a reputation of being too physically tough with criminals. after one case sees dixon in search of suspects and answers, he gets far more involved than he wanted. dana andrews is terrific in his role - tough and edgy, andrews' dixon is ready to knock any and all off their heels if they get on his bad side. he's the perfect film noir anti-hero - he's not very nice all the time, but we still root for him. gene tierney does a solid job in her role, as much as it is, being a sweet shoulder for dixon. there might not be too much to tierney's role, but she certainly goes above and beyond what others could do with the role, knocking every member of the audience out with her kind smile, gentle manner, and twinkle in her eye. the supporting cast isn't too bad either - karl malden being the most memorable, stepping in and giving a good supporting performance as lieutenant thomas. where the sidewalk ends is no laura, but it is a great film noir filled with great characters, story, and picture.

ah, noir. my favourite genre. otto preminger's follow-up to "laura" is a film noir set in a postwar new york, where corruption and violence run rampant. it stars dana andrews as sergeant mark dixon, a detective whose brutal tactics have landed him in hot water with his superiors. when he accidentally kills a murder suspect, dixon tries to pin the blame on crime boss tommy scalese. dixon is close to achieving his goal when he becomes involved with the dead man's wife, the beautiful morgan taylor. of course, in typical noir fashion, things quickly go down hill.while the film does nothing interesting camera or narrative wise, it does have a constant tone of dread and gloom. like most great noirs, it is also wonderfully paced, sucking the viewer in right from the start.still, like most of preminger's workmanlike films, it's not something i'd watch again. it lacks the verbal wit of wilder, the visual flamboyance of hitchcock or the spatial experimentation of welles. like lang's later work, "sidewalk" feels very much a "clone" of what a noir should be, instead of something really artistically genuine. thematically the film is nothing special. it's about a cop who finds himself slowly becoming a criminal. in one scene dixon explains that his father himself was a small time crook, the film flirting with the notion of predestination, but this one scene is as far as otto goes, or dares to take his ideas.the camera work is likewise disappointing. there's no intelligence in otto's camera. no effort is made to assign the camera to anything. it doesn't play with space or architecture or empahsise the step-by-step police procedural. it's just tripod set ups with the occasional dolly in and out. meaningless, though most people don't care about these things. there is, however, one good shot where our hero is trapped in a car full of gangsters (noir cage) which itself enters a vehicle-lift (another cage) and is taken up into the chief gangster's lair. like lynch's "blue velvet", otto retopologizes the film, constantly likens "upstairs" to hell. this works well, but the set design fails to reinforce it. 7/10 - otto seems content to follow the hawksian mould of what a noir is, rather than toy with the possibilities of where noir can go. like "detour", "night in the city", "scarlet street", "in a lonely place", "act of violence", "bomberang" and "johnny eager", "where the sidewalk ends" is one of those well made second tier film noirs. it's competent and engaging, but lacks that extra special magic.

otto preminger, completing a noir cycle at twentieth century fox, reunited his "laura" leads for this stark, gritty detective drama. dana andrews again portrays a cop, but this time he's hardened, cynical and has been accused of police brutality by his superior - "you don't hate hoods, you liked to beat them up!". mark dixon (andrews) despises criminals, as his own father was a crook. he doesn't want to be "sandy dixon's kid" so he became a policeman, but his methods are harsh and hated.one night, investigating a murder, he unknowingly punches a suspect, ken paine (craig stevens) so hard that it kills him. a shaken dixon does his best to cover it up, intending to frame a hated thug, scalise (gary merrill) for the crime. however, the blame falls on paine's father-in-law, jiggs taylor (tom tully), whose daughter, department store model morgan taylor (tierney) is estranged from her husband but keeps getting drawn into his gambling schemes. paine had slapped his wife, enraging her father, who did show up at his son-in-law's apartment, but not until dixon had departed with the body. with no better suspects, jiggs is arrested and charged.riddled with guilt, mark falls for morgan and offers money for an attorney. he decides to take on scalise anyway but leaves a letter to be given to the department in the event of his death, confessing everything. in the end, he cannot live with the knowledge with what he has done, and he permits the letter to be read by his superior and by morgan. despite all the tragic circumstances, morgan professes her love for mark and will wait for him.it was great to find this film on dvd, after so many years of televised obscurity. eddie mueller, a film noir historian, provides the commentary and does a good job, but i find his assertion that audiences wouldn't have caught the significance of the casting of the two leads, since "laura" had been made six years earlier. in that respect, he is mistaken because they had appeared in "the iron curtain" two years prior to wtse and the film was a box-office success.andrews and tierney were fabulous together, and ruth donnelly is tremendous comic relief as restaurant owner martha, fanning the flames between the detective and the dame.the night cityscapes give the film an air of menace. gary merrill is great as the low-life scalise, who had a criminal past with dixon's dad ("your father liked me," he taunts mark). karl malden and a young neville brand are terrific also. and tom tully is just touching and funny as morgan's unjustly accused pop.a watchable film noir with a fantastic cast.

dana andrews stands "where the sidewalk ends" in this 1950 film that also stars gene tierney, gary merrill, karl malden and neville brand. andrews plays new york city detective sgt. mark dixon, a cop with a bad temper who has gotten into trouble in the past for beating suspects. when a man is murdered at a gambling club owned by a mobster, scalise (merrill), dixon and his partner go to investigate. scalise blames the murder on ken paine (stevens), who has now left the club after fighting not only with his wife, morgan (tierney) but the victim. dixon thinks the victim won a lot of money and was killed as a result by the mobster's men. he goes to see paine and, not realizing he has a plate in his head from the war, knocks him to the floor and inadvertently kills him. now he must cover up the murder. as a further complication, he falls for morgan; her father (ken tully), who went to paine's apartment after he saw that paine had hit his daughter, is arrested for the crime.this is a really terrific, gritty noir with some good performances. the ruggedly handsome and weathered andrews is convincing as a tough yet nervous detective who has to stay one step ahead of his colleagues. the movie reunites him with his fabulous "laura" costar, gene tierney, and she looks lovely as a model with bad taste in men who apparently is used to being roughed up. little does she know, she's got another one on her hands. ken tully does a terrific job as her father, who protests his innocence despite some damning evidence. karl malden is very tough as dixon's boss.my only problem with this well-directed, fast-moving and absorbing film is the ending. pure hollywood and, putting myself in tierney's place, i doubt i would react the same way. a minor criticism for a film written by ben hecht and directed by otto preminger. i didn't find it as awe-inspiring as "laura," but few things in this world are. if you like film noir, this is a must-see.

where the sidewalk ends (1950)where one ends, another beginsthis is a prototypical film noir, and as such, pretty flawless, from both style and content points of view. the photography and night settings are first rate (cinematographer joseph lashelle lets the drama ooze in scene after scene), and the close-ups on faces pure expressionism. i can watch this kind of film for the visuals alone, even when the actors struggle and the plot stinks. but the acting is first rate here, and the plot features what i consider the core of most noir films, the alienated male lead (representing the many men returning home to a changed united states after the war and feeling lost themselves). in fact, not only is dana andrews really convincing as the troubled, loner detective, he has a small but important counterpart in the film, the lead female's (first) husband, an decorated ex-gi fallen onto hard times and booze. the fact the one man kills the other might be of monumental significance, overall-- the regular guy struggling through his inner problems to success while the medal-wearing soldier slips into an accidental death with a silver plate in his head. the woman transitions from one to the other--we assume they marry and have children as suggested earlier in the movie. even if this is pushing an interpretation onto it after the fact, we can still see the path of one man with some psychological baggage careening through a crisis to the highest kind of moral order--turning himself in for a small crime just at the point he has actually gotten away with it.this movie belongs to andrews. he plays a far more restrained and moving type than kirk douglas plays in a similar role in william wyler's detective story made just one year later, and andrews certainly is less theatrical. you could easily see both movies side by side for a textbook compare and contrast session. the fact that andrews as detective dixon is morally struggling through it all, and douglas as detective mcleod is not, might explain why one man gets his girl and the other doesn't. gene tierney pulls off a hugely sympathetic, demurring, and ultimately conventional and "pretty" type of woman--not just a cardboard desirable, but someone you want dixon to actually marry. the criminal plot is really secondary to the main drama, but is effective enough in its play with types and clichs. the bit parts are kept snappy, the small details (like the portable craps table) nice touches, far from the character actors or the glamour of gambling in casablanca. but then, curtiz's great movie is iconic even in the details--it makes no effort to be subtle and real and penetrating, but instead is sweeping and memorable and inspiring. they come at opposite ends of the war, and represent opposite possibilities for their leading men. bogart is beginning his active duty, dixon, and the man dixon has killed, are all through. through, thoroughly, but not washed up.it's no accident that many, possibly most, film noirs have what you would call "happy" endings. the man overcomes his adversaries and transforms his inner self, and the moviegoer, then and now, understands just how beautiful that must feel.

where the sidewalk ends deserves to be a better known film directed by otto preminger, the man who gave the world laura. and this time, he's got the same co-stars: dana andrews and gene tierney. it must be said that tierney here is under-used in what amounts to more of a supporting role while the spotlight goes to andrews.he plays a tough, hardened cop used to dealing with a bunch of thugs in too vigorous a way until one night he accidentally kills a man in the process of arresting him. when suspicion falls on a cab driver (tom tully), he goes along with the investigation into the murder but starts to feel guilt because he's in love with the cabbie's daughter (gene tierney). tierney, by the way, looks a little too elegant for the girl she's playing here and doesn't seem to fit into the squalid background elements of the story.the story takes a grim turn as the investigation goes deeper and it's discovered that the murdered man had a silver plate in his head from his service as a war hero. by the end, it turns into a morality tale with andrews developing a conscience over his crime.it's fascinating as film noir with capable performances from a strong supporting cast. a good entry in the field of noir, forcefully directed by preminger and nicely played by andrews and tierney, despite the slight miscasting of her character.

i'm a big fan of fan of film noir, and this film by otto preminger easily stands as one of the best that i've seen! preminger has reunited two of his stars from the hit 'laura' - gene tierney and dana andrews, for an entirely different sort of crime film. laura was based around love, and this film is based around hate; as we watch police detective mark dixon, a copper already suffering scrutiny from his superiors for his heavy handed tactics, accidentally kill a suspect and try to pin the murder on a known criminal; a man by the name of tommy scalisi. the plot is brilliantly worked, and preminger excellently balances several plot points; but it all comes back down to the main moral implication surrounding our main character. the fact that the film is set in the criminal underground means that the plot is given an excellent base to work from, and director otto preminger expertly captures the sleazier side of life by showing the main characters gambling, beating one another (and their women), shooting and more - and this also helps to offset the film from the earlier 'laura', which was very much set in upper class society.the role of mark dixon gives dana andrews one of the most interesting parts of his career. here, we have a character that is difficult to like as he's so cold - but the fact that we can understand his motives ensures that he's easy to sympathise with, and that allows the audience the ability to plug into his plight. the character development is well timed, and as we've follows this character and his motivations throughout the film; everything makes sense by the end. his co-star is the beautiful gene tierney, who isn't given as much to do in this film as she was in laura; a film that made tierney its linchpin. she does well with what she's got, however, and the lead duo's chemistry is excellent and tierney helps to complete every scene she's in. i can't say that this is a better film than the earlier laura; that's a hard act to follow, but this film certainly fits into the film noir formula better than preminger's earlier film. the film also makes a good comparison piece for laura; as just about everything in this film is opposite to the 1944 movie, yet it's all strangely familiar. highly recommended to all!

otto preminger's dana andrews cycle of films noirs are among the (largely) unsung jewels of the genre. because they lack paranoia, misogyny or hysteria, they may have seemed out of place at the time, but the clear-eyed imagery, the complex play with identity, masculinity and representation, the subversion of traditional psychological tenets, the austere, geometrical style all seem startlingly modern today, and very similar to melville. the lucid ironies of this film are so loaded, brutal and ironic that the 'happy' ending is one of the cruellest in hollywood history. brilliant on the level of entertaining thriller as well, tense, and packed with double-edged dialogue.

at first glance, it would seem natural to compare where the sidewalk ends with laura. both have noirish qualities, both were directed by otto preminger, and both star dana andrews and gene tierney. but that's where most of the comparisons end. laura dealt with posh, sophisticated people with means who just happen to find themselves mixed-up in a murder. where the sidewalk ends is set in a completely different strata. these are people with barely two nickels to rub together who are more accustomed to seeing the underbelly of society than going to fancy dress parties. where the sidewalk ends is a gritty film filled with desperate people who solve their problems with their fists or some other weapon. small-time hoods are a dime-a-dozen and cops routinely beat confessions out of the crooks. getting caught-up in a murder investigation seems as natural as breathing.while i haven't seen his entire body of work, based on what i have seen, dana andrews gives one of his best performances as the beat-down cop, det. sgt. mark dixon. he's the kind of cop who is used to roughing up the local hoods if it gets him information or a confession. one night, he goes too far and accidentally kills a man. he does his best to cover it up. but things get complicated when he falls for the dead man's wife, morgan taylor (tierney), whose father becomes suspect number one in the murder case. as morgan's father means the world to her, dixon's got to do what he can to clear the old man without implicating himself.technically, where the sidewalk ends is outstanding. besides the terrific performance from andrews, the movie features the always delightful tierney. she has a quality that can make even the bleakest of moments seem brighter. the rest of the cast is just as solid with tom tully as the wrongly accused father being a real standout. beyond the acting, the direction, sets, lighting, and cinematography are all top-notch. overall, it's an amazingly well made film.if i have one complaint (and admittedly it's a very, very minor quibble) it's that tierney is almost too perfect for the role and her surroundings. it's a little difficult to believe that a woman like that could find herself mixed-up with some of these unsavory characters. it's not really her fault, it's just the way tierney comes across. she seems a little too beautiful, polished, and delicate for the part. but, her gentle, kind, trusting nature add a sense of needed realism to her portrayal.

elegance and class are not always the first words that come to mind when folks (at least folks who might do such a thing) sit around and talk about film noir. yet some of the best films of the genre, "out of the past," "the killers," "in a lonely place," "night and the city," manage a level of sleek sophistication that elevates them beyond a moody catch phrase and its connotations of foreboding shadows, fedoras, and femme-fatales. "where the sidewalk ends," a fairly difficult to find film -- the only copy in perhaps the best stocked video store in manhattan was a rough bootleg from the amc cable channel -- belongs in a category with these classics.from the moment the black cloud of opening credits pass, a curtain is drawing around rogue loner detective marc dixon's crumbling world, and as the moments pass, it inches ever closer, threatening suffocation. sure, he's that familiar "cop with a dark past", but dana andrews gives dixon a bleak stare and troubled intensity that makes you as uncomfortable as he seems. and yeah, he's been smacking around suspects for too long, and the newly promoted chief (karl malden, in a typically robust and commanding outing) is warning him "for the last time." yet dixon hates these thugs too much to stop now. and boy didn't they had have it coming? "hoods, dusters, mugs, gutter nickel-rats" he spits when that tough nut of a boss demotes him and rolls out all of the complaints the bureau has been receiving about dixon's right hook. the advice is for him to cool off for his own good. but instead he takes matters into his own hands. and what a world of trouble he finds when he relies on his instincts, and falls back on a nature that may or may not have been passed down from a generation before. right away he's in deep with the cops, the syndicate, his own partner. dixon's questionable involvement in a murder "investigation" threatens his job, makes him wonder whether he is simply as base as those he has sworn to bring in. like bogart in "lonely place," can he "escape what he is?"when he has nowhere else to turn, he discovers that he has virtually doomed his unexpected relationship with a seraphic beauty (the marvelous gene tierney) who seems as if she can turn his barren bachelor's existence into something worth coming home to. the pacing of this superb film is taut and gripping. the group of writers that contributed to the production polished the script to a high gloss -- the dialogue is snappy without disintegrating into dated parody fodder, passionate without becoming melodramatic or sappy. and all of this top-notch direction and acting isn't too slick or buffed to loosen the film's emotional hold. gene tierney's angelic, soft-focus beauty is used to great effect. she shows herself to be an actress of considerable range, and her gentle, kind nature is as boundless here as is her psychosis in "leave her to heaven." the scenes between tierney and andrews's dixon grow more intense and touching the closer he seems to self-destruction. near the end of his rope, cut, bruised, and exhausted dixon summarizes his lot: "innocent people can get into terrible jams, too,.." he says. "one false move and you're in over your head." perhaps what makes this film so totally compelling is the sense that things could go wildly wrong for almost anyone -- especially for someone who is trying so hard to do right -- with one slight shift in the wind, one wrong decision or punch, or, most frighteningly, due to factors you have no control over. noir has always reflected the darkest fears, brought them to the surface. "where the sidewalk ends" does so in a realistic fashion. (one nit-pick of an aside: this otherwise sterling film has a glaringly poor dub of a blonde model that wouldn't seem out of place on mystery science theater. how very odd.) but noir fans -- heck, any movie fans -- who haven't seen this one are in for a terrific treat.

in where the sidewalk ends, otto preminger reunites dana andrews and gene tierney, surely in hopes of recapturing the magic of his laura. but they're wildly dissimilar films, set in different strata of new york (not to mention at opposite poles of the noir universe). a fine mist of the gothic hovers over the upscale manhattan of laura, with its erotic obsession and faint whiff of necrophilia; where the sidewalk ends is pure urban soot and grit befouling a town of basement apartments, steam rooms and parking garages.but it's every bit as fine a movie as its revered forerunner, and dyed-in-the-wool noir (laura, by contrast, one of the clutch of films from 1944 which the french first dubbed `noir,' was still very much a sophisticated murder mystery). daylight enters only on very temporary sufferance, and director of photography joseph lashelle makes the most of the alleys and brownstones, the docks and the el. this is quintessential big-city - specifically big apple - noir, like several others from the bumper crop of 1950, like side street and sleeping city and the tattooed stranger and edge of doom.as the movie opens, police detective dana andrews is on the carpet for his brutal ways, particularly his vendetta towards crime boss gary merrill (whom we learn was set up in business by andrews' ne'er-do-well father). when an out-of-towner is stabbed to death at a floating crap game operated by merrill, the hair-trigger andrews roughs up a witness, causing him a fatal crack to the skull (exacerbated by a steel plate installed in the veteran's head). realizing that his job's already on the line, andrews dumps the body in the river after making it look like the suspect had taken a powder.of course, that's far from an end to it. the corpse is discovered, his estranged wife turns out to be tierney, and all the evidence starts to turn toward her father (tom tully), a hack driver who happened not only to have been cruising the same mean streets the night of the murder but to have ample reason to want his abusive son-in-law dead. but the embittered loner andrews finds in tierney a summons to his better nature; he tries to exonerate her father while still keeping his own involvement in the whole sordid business a secret....not so epigrammatic as laura, the script for where the sidewalk ends (by ben hecht) shows a pungency of its own (in a second dressing-down, his superior tells andrews, `look at you - all bunged up like a barrelhouse fag').but while laura spread its attention over half a dozen characters, here andrews is all but the sole focus (even tierney's role is far less central than her half-spectral laura). and andrews may never have excelled his performance here. it's tight-lipped and taciturn, but never more eloquent than when his face is silently registering the anguish to which his own obstinacy has brought him. he's a pent-up sufferer who can find release only through the safety-valve of violence (he even lashes out against his loyal partner, bert freed). to be sure, he finds too swift a road to redemption though the agency of his beautiful co-star. but that was the style of the times, and a sweetened-up ending does little to undermine this new york story of violence, corruption and urban entanglements.

we're a long way from laura. once again otto preminger directs, dana andrews stars as a police detective named mark, and gene tierney is the beautiful woman who haunts him, but nothing else about where the sidewalk ends resembles everyone's favorite sophisticated murder mystery. instead of deliciously quotable dialogue we get gritty, harrowing realism. while the earlier film took place in the ritzy upper echelons of new york society, here we're in the low-rent district of dark streets, hoodlums, cheap restaurants and crummy flats. tierney, gorgeous as ever, now works as a department-store mannequin and lives in washington heights (the neighborhood of the "doll" who once got a fox fur out of laura's mark mcpherson). this time andrews is mark dixon, an older, sadder, more troubled version of the cool cop in a trench coat. where the sidewalk ends belongs to a sub-genre of noir, movies about police brutality focusing on cops who can't control their violent impulses. like kirk douglas's character in detective story, dixon owes his seething contempt for crooks to his father's criminal past. where douglas is self-righteous and blind to his own faults, andrews is burdened by repressed guilt and self-loathing. he accidentally kills a suspect and covers up his actions with an attempt to throw suspicion on a slimy gangster (gary merrill) whom he has been vainly pursuing for years. instead, a kindly cab driver is suspected because he's the father of the dead man's estranged and mistreated wife morgan (gene tierney). dixon, falling in love with the wife of the man he killed, tries desperately to save her father without giving himself away. among noir protagonists, dana andrews had this distinction: he was incapable of appearing unintelligent. even when playing an average joe, as he usually did, he always comes across as unusually sensitive and perceptive; more than that, his air of being too thoughtful for his own comfort gives him that haunted--and haunting--quality that was his essence as an actor. he played ordinary guys, cops and soldiers, but always with a tragic undercurrent of seeing and knowing too much. his conscientious heroes are marked by exhaustion, guilt, the inability ever to "lighten up." no other actor could have expressed so well the bottled-up anger, the slow-burning pain, the agonized intelligence of mark dixon. he also has a muted tenderness, a muffled warmth and even wry humor that make him heartbreaking. this comes out when he takes morgan to a restaurant where he's a regular, and for the first time we see this cold, brutal man trading mock insults with the waitress, whose sarcasm can't hide her affection and concern for him. when dixon asks his partner for money to get a lawyer for morgan's father, he supplies it even though they recently argued and dixon threw a punch at him. there are no words about loyalty or knowing he's a good guy deep down, but we see it all in the man's anguished silence and his wife's resignation as she hands over some jewelry to pawn. dixon's goodness comes across through other people's reactions to him as much as through andrews's deeply moving performance. though dana andrews was a minor star, he may be the quintessential forties man. he goes through some movies hardly ever taking off his overcoat; with that boxy, mid-century silhouette, further fortified by the fedora, the glass of bourbon, the cigarette he doesn't take out of his mouth when he talks, he looks imprisoned in the masculine ideal of toughness and impassivity. while many noirs romanticize the two-fisted tough guy, where the sidewalk ends offers an unflinching portrait of the reality behind the faade, a gripping and melancholy exploration of the roots and consequences of violence.andrews was sadly underrated in his own time (he was the only one of the three protagonists in the best years of our lives not nominated for an academy award, though his low-key performance is far more compelling than frederic march's hammy, oscar-winning drunk). fortunately, andrews appeared in some films that ensured his immortality, and now at last this little-known film, which contains his best performance, can be seen as part of the marvelous fox film noir set. this series, including a number of never before released titles (such as nightmare alley and thieves' highway), suggests that twentieth-century-fox may have had the finest record of all the major studios when it came to film noir.

perhaps the most gripping and intelligent of crooked cop movies is otto preminger's 'where the sidewalks ends,' from a really excellent script by ben hecht based on the novel 'night cry' by frank rosenberg...dana andrews is the honest, tough new york policeman, always in trouble with his superiors because he likes his own strong-arm methods as much as he detests crooks... when he hit someone, his knuckles hurt... and the man he wants to hit is a smooth villain (gary merrill) who points up the title. 'why are you always trying to push me in the gutter?' he asks andrews. 'i have as much right on the sidewalk as you.'dana andrew's obsession and neurosis are implanted in his hidden, painful discovery that he is the son of a thief... his deep hatred of criminals led him to use their own illegal methods to destroy them, and the pursuit of justice became spoiled in private vendetta...by a twist of irony unique to the film itself, dana andrews and gene tierney of 'laura' are united once more, and andrews now seems to be playing the same detective a few years later, but no longer the romantic, beaten down by his job, by the cheap crooks... this time, he goes too far, and accidentally kills a suspect... the killing is accidental, the victim worthless, yet it is a crime that he knows can break him or send him to jail...using his knowledge of police procedure, he covers up his part in the crime, plants false clues, and tries to implicate a gang leader, but cannot avoid investigating the case himself... the double tension of following the larger case through to its conclusion without implicating himself in the murder, is beautifully maintained and the final solution is both logical, satisfying, and in no way a compromise...the film is one of the best detective films of the 50's, with curious moral values, also one of preminger's best... preminger uses a powerful storytelling technique, projecting pretentious camera angles and peculiar touches of the bizarre in order to externalize his suspense in realism...

ronald colman gives a terrific performance as a stage actor who really gets into his work. when he plays othello on the stage he takes on the persona with dire results. good film with a great supporting cast. well worth watching.

george cukor directs this high quality story of suspense in the theatrical world with his usual sensitive but firm touch. ronald colman's performance, which earned him an oscar, still stands up despite a few overwrought moments  it's hard to forget his haunted countenance as he struts aimlessly around social functions and tries to find meaning in his life. there are a number of interesting subtexts and cukor does an excellent job of making them clear without forcing anything too much. the script by garson kanin and ruth gordon is brilliant, mixing the rarified theater world with the seedy world of the streets and comprehensively utilizing elements from shakespeare's "king lear" as a reference to both the film's main theme of jealousy and colman's character's obsession with identity.several interesting things about this movie  superficially it could be dismissed as too flippant a treatment of the everyday problems of actors. in other words if the art of acting required such complete sublimation of individuality we would soon have a rash of psycho method actors stalking the streets. but i don't really think this story's primary concern is acting or the job/art of acting per se. i think anthony's struggles represents a broader existential question, a deeply buried uncertainty about identity. there's a key, i feel, in his relationship with his ex-wife britta (signe hasso). he says that he never would have or could have become a good actor without her inspiration. and at another point he explicitly states that his extreme identification with his roles began when he married her. i'm not sure what to make of this but it seems important to me, especially because it's his obsession with her and jealousy of her that ultimately pushes him over the top. perhaps the implication is that anthony put himself in danger in the first place by entering into a serious relationship. marriage implies a "union of the soul" in the traditional conception. it's unusual that the male and female protagonists are divorced at the beginning of the film. it's not completely unprecedented (hawks' comedy "his girl friday" springs to mind, among others), but it is unusual and probably significant, especially in light of the fact that they do not end up resolving their romantic separation. in a way, the film could be implying that jealousy is another form of self-love.

a fondly-remembered melodrama  thanks chiefly to ronald colman's fine oscar-winning central performance  about an oft-treated theme: the nature of acting and how it can overtake one's perception of reality. in this case, we have a well-known thespian tackling shakespeare's "othello", so that the film's last third delves effectively into the thriller genre  with press agent edmond o'brien (who happens to really be besotted with colman's co-star and ex-wife signe hasso) 'investigating' the actor's possible involvement in the desdemona-like strangling of a celebrity-seeking waitress (a very slim shelley winters). the theatrical/new york atmosphere of the immediate post-war era is vividly captured by the husband-and-wife screen writing team of garson kanin and ruth gordon and legendary "actor's director" george cukor (all of whom were recognized by the academy with nominations); incidentally, the film nabbed a second oscar for miklos rozsa's eclectic score. colman, forever the suave leading man blessed besides with a velvety voice, does well enough by shakespeare  gaining conviction the farther his character slips into obsessive jealousy, a murderous rage and, eventually, paranoia; however, he is not let down by a supporting cast which also includes director ray collins, reporter millard mitchell, detective joe sawyer and coroner whit bissell. though the mid-section is a bit strained, the film makes up for any deficiencies with a remarkably-handled expressionist denouement.

george cukor directs a brooding and cynical classic. the distinctive ronald coleman is at his best in this piece of noir about an actor who loses himself in his roles. the acclaimed anthony john(colman)has driven his wife brita(signe hasso)away with his highly fueled temper and erratic behavior. but the two manage to continue working together to please their audiences. things begin to change as john is becoming bored with his career; he reluctantly agrees to play othello. he gets deep into character as a jealous and murderous man. he begins walking a thin line between illusion and reality and ends up confusing his role with his own life and eventually kills his mistress(shelley winters),but has no memory of the dastardly deed.colman seems faultless in this role. winters is very impressive as the young woman determined to get away from her squalid life. also in the cast: edmond o'brien, ray collins, joe sawyer and whit bissell.

colman's performance is aided by the brilliantly written script. the gargantuan hollywood studios in the 30's and 40's were able to copy some of the german expressionistic film elements and incorporate them into hollywood films. very good use of shadows and light and silhouette. i really liked the scene where colman turns off the light in his dressing room near the beginning of the film, and he starts reciting othello while his face becomes instantly dark and evil. already the viewer sees the text and the drama of shakespeare getting a hold of "tony" and off he goes on his journey of doom. i also enjoyed the dramatic death scene within the play, when he becomes overwrought with emotion and accidentally strangles his costar a little too hard for her to bear. her pleadings "tony stop you're hurting me" are chilling and suspenseful. you just don't know if he is going to go over the top and kill her at any moment. the cat and mouse chase to reveal the killer was nicely added 2/3rds of the way through the film to add some faster pacing and to also add to the narrative element of the film. masterful work from george cukor. he's such as skillful director. excellent film. too bad they don't make 'em like they used to...

when an actor has to play the role of an actor, fictional or factual, the task becomes much more difficult than playing a role. in a double life,ronald coleman surpassed himself as anthony john, the tortured double personality. he put into that character all his talent and sincerity. the facial expressions, mannerisms,gait and stance spoke eloquently of what anthony john was going through while playing othello on stage. coleman also did extremely well as a shakespearean actor in those short scenes as othello that were part of this gem of a movie. closups of coleman's face as othello tortured by doubts about the fidelity of desdemona were in themselves scenes worth watching.add to that, his character's off stage desperation and only someone with coleman's depth of acting perception can achieve. it was like watching spenser tracy as dr. jekyll and mr. hyde, except this double role was much more profound and poignant. shelly winters looked so sweet, vulnerable and gorgeous at the same time and added her talent to the movie. it is believed that ronald coleman liked his role in this film above all others he played and went on to win the oscar for best actor in 1947. i would see this movie repeatedly and never feel bored.

ronald colman plays a famous broadway actor who has begun to lose his mind and sense of identity. after years of playing a wide range of parts, he can't remember who he exactly is--who are his roles and who is the self. and, much more serious, he begins to see and hear his play even in regular everyday life. so, since he's currently playing in "othello", he begins to act jealous and suspicious--just like the title character. ultimately, it leads him to the depths of insanity and murder.i saw this film years ago and liked it. i just saw it again and loved it. now perhaps some of my enthusiasm is because i have always liked ronald colman and this is a great triumph for him--and for which he earned the best actor oscar. and, looking at the competition that year (gregory peck for gentleman's agreement, john garfield for body and soul, william powell for life with father and michael redgrave for mourning becomes electra), i think colman was a very good choice, as he stretched from his usual comfort zone and did a much more demanding role.now i noticed that one reviewer hated this film because they hated shakespeare--and this took up about half their review talking about their dislike for him. however, this film isn't really about shakespeare, and it doesn't matter at all if you dislike shakespeare. i am no huge fan of shakespeare, but marveled at the small portions of the play that colman re-enacted--though, as i said, this is not a really movie about shakespeare. instead, it's a wonderful portrait of an actor losing his mind and mixing his stage role with reality. it could have been any play, though "othello" was an excellent choice because of the murder scene--which gets acted out for real later in the film.overall, a very clever film due to a lovely script--with some overtones of film noir. fortunately, the acting was terrific also, as colman had excellent support from signe hasso, shelly winters and edmond o'brien (who was particularly good--he played his part just right). and, considering the great george cukor was directing, it's no wonder it's a wonderful film from start to finish.

if you like "othello," you'll love this flick since half the movie revolves around the stage production of the play.the film has a great cast with signe hasso and shelley winters as the women in colman's life while edmond o'brien plays the enterprising press agent.a couple of the supporting players i particularly liked were millard mitchell as the grizzled reporter who finds an angle and joe sawyer, the 1940's answer to drew carey, who plays the cop on the case.great raw moments in this one with noir realism throughout.

i like my ronald colman dashing and debonair, the fellow you see in such films as if i were king and kismet. i like him as the epitome of civilization as in the lost horrizon and random harvest. a brooding colman isn't a favorite of mine.but in a double life precisely because his part as actor anthony john is so offbeat for him, colman was recognized with a best actor oscar for 1947. it became his best known part.colman is an actor who really does take the method quite seriously. he's just finished a successful run in a comedy of manners and he's quite the jovial fellow. for a change of pace now that that play has concluded its broadway run, colman is bringing a revival of othello to new york. about as opposite a part as you can get.his leading lady in both is his former wife signe hasso who loves him dearly, but can't take his change of moods when he's at work. colman loves her dearly as well and wants her back. but he's heading for a mental breakdown when he starts confusing himself with the jealous moor othello and hasso with her role as desdemona.unfortunately shelley winters as a poor waitress who a depressed colman picks up gets in the way of his madness and she winds up like poor desdemona in the play. killed in the same manner and now it's a matter for homicide cop joe sawyer.colman's performance is so good that one does kind of wonder is this an occupational hazard with actors? i'd shudder to think so, were there any unsolved homicides in or around laurence olivier and orson welles then they essayed othello. i could never quite buy the story for that reason, but i certainly do applaud ronald colman and what he did with the part. i'm sure there was a tinge of regret in him winning the oscar though because one of the other nominees was his good friend william powell for life with father. others in the running that year were gregory peck for gentlemen's agreement, john garfield for body and soul, and michael redgrave for mourning becomes electra.colman gets able support from the rest of the cast including edmond o'brien who finds himself in the unwanted part of cassio in colman's jealous fantasy. still you will find no iago equivalent in a double life, no one prodding the jealousy, it's all in his own mind.and that from one of the most cultivated and civilized minds of the last century.

a double life has developed a mystique among film fans for two reasons: the plot idea of an actor getting so wrapped up into a role (here othello) as to pick up the great flaw of that character and put it into his life; and that this is the film that won ronald colman the academy award (as well as the golden globe) as best actor. let's take the second point first.is anthony john colman's greatest role, or even his signature role? i have my doubts on either level - but it is among his best known roles. most of his career, ronald colman played decent gentlemen, frequently in dangerous or atypical situations. he is bulldog drummond (cleaned up in the goldwyn production not to be an arrogant racist) fighting crime. he is raffles, the great cricket player and even greater burglar, trying to pull off his best burglary to save a friend's honor. he is robert conway, the great imperial political figure, who is kidnapped and brought to that paradise on earth, shangri-la. he is dick heldar, manfully going to his death after he learns his masterpiece has been destroyed and knowing he is now blind and useless as an artist. i can add sidney carton and rudolf rassendyll to this list. but here he is not heroic. in fact he is unconsciously villainous - he murders one person and nearly kills two others. it does not matter that he is obviously mentally ill - his behavior here is anti-social.to me colman should have gotten the oscar for heldar, or carton, or conway - all more typical of his acting roles. but the academy has a long tradition of picking atypical roles for awarding it's treasure to it's leading members. colman's anthony john is a very good performance, and at one point truly scary. when alone with signe hasso in her home, she at the top of a staircase and him at the base, they have an argument. she demands that "tony" leave, saying she won't see him. he stares at her, his face oddly hardening in a way he never used before, and he says, "oh, no you won't!" he starts moving upstairs, frightening hasso, and she runs into her room. he stops himself and leaves. it actually is the real highpoint of his performance - even more than his assaulting of hasso on stage, or of edmond o'brien, or his killing of shelley winters. it showed his blind fury. for that moment it was (to me) an oscar-worthy performance. but it is only that moment. i'm glad he was recognized for the role, but he should have gotten the award for a more consistent performance.his actual performance in the shakespearian role of othello is not great, but bearable. too frequently he lets the dialog roll off his tongue in a kind of forced singing style (one wonders if that was due to the coaching of walter hampden, who probably knew how to handle the role properly, or a reaction to it). nowadays "othello" is played by an african american actor more frequently than a white one. paul robeson's brilliant performance in the role set that new tradition firmly into place. but the three best known movie performances of the part are those of colman, orson welles in his movie of othello, and laurence olivier in his movie of his play production of othello. all three white actors did the role in black face. my personal favorite of the three is welles, who seems the most subtle. but even watching welles' fine film version makes me angry that robeson never got to put his performance (with jose ferrer as iago) on film.now the first question - can an actor get that wrapped up in a role? i heard different things about this. some actors have admitted taking a role home with them from the theater or movie set. others have found a role they have to be stimulating, influencing them on a new cause of action regarding their lives or some aspect of life. but actually i have never heard of anyone who turned homicidal as the result of a role. it seems a melodramatic, hackneyed idea.as a matter of fact it was not a new idea in 1947 with cukor, kanin, and gordon. in 1944 a "b" feature, the brighton strangler, starring john loder, had used a similar plot about an actor who is playing an infamous "jack the ripper" type, and who starts committing those type of killings after an accident affects his mind. there was an earlier movie in the 1930s, in which an actor playing othello gets jealous of his wife (i think the title was men are not gods, but i'm not sure). but due to colman's name and career, and cukor's directing, it is a double life that people think of when they recall this plot idea. it even reached comedy (finally) on an episode of cheers, where diane chambers is helping an ex-convict who may have acting talent, and they put on othello at the bar, just after he sees her with sam malone kissing. only diane is aware of the personality problem of the ex-convict, and can't delay the production long enough (she tries to start a discussion into the history and symbolism of the play). the cast of a double life was first rate, and cukor's direction was as sure as ever. so the film is definitely worth watching. but despite giving colman an interestingly different role, it was not his best work on the screen.

ronald colman gives an electrifying performance as tony john, a broadway actor who can't separate his offstage life from shakespeare's othello, the character he plays on stage....two important scenes illustrate tony's dilemma. the first one takes place in producer max lasker's office. acting is a matter of talent for the practical-minded lasker. but donlan, tony's friend, disagrees: "no, no. when you do it like tony does it, it's much more. the way he has of becoming someone else every night...so completely. no, don't tell me his whole system isn't affected by it."....the other scene occurs in waitress pat kroll's apartment. tony tells her his name is martin. she thanks him. then he says: "or paul. hamlet. joe. and maybe othello."....when tony begins rehearsing othello, we learn that though he's trying to keep his real life separated from his stage life, "the part begins to seep into your life, and the battle begins. reality against imagination." he can't keep the two separated: in his mind pat is desdemona and he's othello, and he wrongly believes she has been unfaithful to him. he murders her....colman's bravura performance, in a complex and difficult role, earned him 1947's academy award for best actor. oscar nominations went to ruth gordon and garson kanin for best original screenplay. not to be overlooked is milton krasner's atomspheric cinematography.

i stumbled on this late last night n tcm.hadn't seen it since it came out originally, but had never forgotten it.i had completely forgotten how gorgeous and talented signe hasso was when she was still young, ditto for shelly winters before she balooned out.ronald coleman, though, was the quintessential state actor of his time - i had read othello in high school english - and hated it. after seeing "a double life" i read it again and finally understood what the play was about.the gordon/kanin writing team was at its peak when this script was done -a movie well worth remembering and rewatching,

richard dix decided to retire and so michael duane took his place playing the role as ted nichols who meets up with a young french girl named alice dupres barkley, (lenore aubert). this couple only knew each other for two days and they decided to get married by a justice of the peace (judge) and it is pouring rain when they pull up to the judge's home and find out he is not home and will not return until the next day. as the couple are inside the house you see some one lift up the hood of their car and takes an automobile part from the engine. once you see this event happening you realize this couple is in for a big surprise and the story beings to reveal a very mysterious event which surrounds alice barkley and so poor ted nichols starts out with plenty of trouble and no marriage. good mystery, but i missed richard dix. enjoy.

i hate reading reviews that say something like, 'don't waste your time, this film stinks on ice.' it does to that reviewer yet for me, it may have some sort of nave charm. if you like the other 'whistler' series films, this one will be watchable. if you like 40s noirish films, this one will be watchable.this film is not as good, in my opinion, as any of the earlier series entries which starred richard dix as the protagonist. it's much slower, and the plot is trite. you've seen this same narrative device used in many other films, and usually better.but the acting is good, and so is the lighting, and the dialog. it's just lacking in energy and you'll likely figure out exactly what's going on and how it's all going to come out in the end not more than a quarter of the way through.the 'whistler' series is semi-noir, and there character, mood, lighting, camera movement and angles are more important than the story itself. but this film is not noir. it's too light weight and hollywood innocent for that. neither richard dix's character nor those of any of his ladies in the previous films had to come to a good end. you just never knew until the end.but still, i'll recommend this one for at least a single viewing. i've watched it at least twice myself, and got a reasonable amount of enjoyment out of it both times.

this was the eighth and final columbia whistler film and the only one without richard dix who had retired from movies and was to die the following year. it's still a competent thriller, the machine carried on without him perfectly, but  something was missing: dix! the stories in the whistler series were always interesting, sometimes brilliant, the screenplays often noir always atmospheric, but it wasn't only the whistler himself that hung it all together on screen, dix did too.young couple stepping out for a whole fortnight get the urge to marry in the pouring rain but are thwarted when the potential bride first disappears then is discovered to already be married before she apparently goes mad. is the potential groom put off, even when the private dick he's hired to find her suddenly slugs him and lams, or is love blind? who's twisting who is the question. michael duane in his penultimate film is ok if a bit of a wimp, lovely lenore aubert's finest moments came next film in abbott & costello meet frankenstein, and richard lane was wonderful as ever on loan from boston blackie. also the only outing where the whistler himself must have got wet from slouching about in the rain, unless he got sprayed with sea foam in voice.a lot happened in this last hour, well worth watching over and over again as usual to fans of the genre like me. the whistler radio series begun in 1942 carried on until 1955 clocking up nearly 700 half hour shows, nearly all of which are available on mp3 and based upon what i've heard so far nearly all of which are well worth listening to as well.

prominent attorney walter pidgeon takes a murder case pro bono, wins an acquittal and discovers that his client (keefe braselle) was not only guilty but part of an extortion ring reaching to the highest eschelons of the city. panged by his own complicity, he undertakes an investigation, stumbles onto the identity of the "unknown man" who heads the syndicate, and murders him.the ironies engage when braselle is charged with this second murder and pidgeon must defend him by pointing to the existence of another "unknown man" -- himself. though somewhat short of urban grit and long on rhetoric, the unknown man belongs to the noir cycle less by style or structure than by its acknowledgement of the pervasive corruption of american municipal politics that came to light in the postwar years.

walter pidgeon is braley mason, a civil attorney who takes on a criminal case in "the unknown man," a 1951 film also starring ann harding, barry sullivan, keefe braselle, and richard anderson. a great believer in justice, pidgeon accepts a pro bono case defending a young man, rudi walchek (braselle) accused of murder and gets him acquitted. shortly afterward, he realizes that the man is guilty and was extorting protection money from his victim as well as other shopkeepers in the neighborhood. he is advised by the da (sullivan) that rudi is small change, that to wipe out the organized crime, one has to find the top man. mason finds the top man, and is faced with a dilemma."the unknown man" is a small, black and white film that manages to hold the viewer's interest with its various plot twists, though the plot is somewhat contrived. it's really the story of a good man seeking his god, justice, and what he is willing to do in order to attain it. and that's the most contrived part of all. i suppose there was a time before o.j., the menendez brothers, etc., etc., when people believed in justice and the integrity of attorneys. for this viewer anyway, those days are long over.walter pidgeon does an excellent job -- his handsome, elegant demeanor and declamatory voice show us a successful, confident man but also a deeply caring one. pidgeon had a magnificent career spanning 60 years but never really rose to superstardom. he was a solid actor who could play just about anything and did. it may be because by the time he was getting leads, he was well into his thirties and missed being a matine idol; or it could be he lacked that certain something; or that he was typed early on as second lead to a big female star like greer garson. hard to say. he gives an honest and touching performance here.very good movie with good performances.

i've seen this film criticized with the statement, "if you can get past the moralizing..." that misses the point. moralizing is in the conscience of the beholder, as it were. this is a decent film with a standard murder mystery, but with a distinct twist that surfaces midway through. the resolution leaves the viewer wondering, "what would i have done in this position?" and i have to believe that's exactly what the filmmaker intended. to that end, and to the end of entertaining the audience, the film succeeds. i also like the way that the violence is never on stage, but just off camera. we know what has just happened; it's just not served up in front of us, then rubbed in our faces, as it would be today with contemporary blood and gore dressing. besides, the violence is not the point. the point is the protagonist's moral dilemma, which is cleverly, albeit disturbingly, resolved.

