i typically don't like reality shows, particularly the ones that are profiting off of "american idol"'s success. but this one i can live with.comedians from all around the world perform a brief routine for celebrity talent scouts, and if they like them, those guys will be sent to perform a routine for an actual audience. then ten or twelve comics are selected to live in a house together and do "survivor" style competitions using comedic tactics. then one will be determined as "last comic standing." i do like stand up comedy, so this is the one reality show must keen to my interests. there are usually some pretty funny comics selected through. it started the careers of such talents as alonzo bodden, ralphie may, and josh blue.my negative criticisms is the fact that there is the possibility that a lot of these comics were selected for their contribution to reality show drama. at first they lived together in a house like "big brother," but now they've done away with that, thank god.and there are a lot of comedians i felt, were only chosen not because they're funny, but because of race, ethnicity, attitude, sex, etc. when other comics clearly should've beaten them out. but overall, it's a well-made reality show, which are two terms up until now i thought were an oxymoron.

"let's bowl" started out on local television in the twin cities. it came on late at night, something you'd stumble across while channel surfing after your 7th bottle of hamm's.even the ads were locally produced, featuring wally outside grumpy's bar, holding a microphone and stammering nervously -- "ahh...over to you, steve sedahl." not sure why, but that one always made me laugh.there was a bowling contest featured under the guise of settling a dispute between two bowlers, but the game was secondary to the commentary and clips. sedahl played it straight, counter-balanced by rich kronfeld's bizarre and hilarious "wally hotvedt." highlights included segments like "how to properly dispose of an old bowling ball" (chuck them into a lake) and "tips on dating," where the duo "date" a couple of hookers and wally ends with the bitter complaint, "i could have done that myself!" another segment -- what the duo did on their days off -- featured steve in beer can strewn hovel, pigging out from the fridge while wally struggled to climb the cliffs at taylor's falls, dressed in his tight pale blue blazer and over-sized headphones. hilarious! wally's awestruck comments about "league bowlers," and his struggle to apply the correct euphemism to various splits were also highlights."let's bowl" was picked up by comedy central and had some good moments, but the network never really knew what to do with it, running it during prime time and emphasizing the bowling "competition," which was never the point of the show. the constant commercials interrupted the flow and the side characters (ernie, the pig, butch, etc.) were more distractions than anything else. the whole thing seemed rushed and kind of forced. even jon stewart dissed let's bowl on the daily show -- (not enough lame, snide jokes?) -- an ignominious treatment for a show that deserved far better.how often does a "let's bowl" come along in the world of modern television, a locally flavored mix of comedic genius and total crap? the networks have the "total crap" part down cold, but it's a sad thing to watch them kill such a dark, strange, funny little gem like "let's bowl." here's hoping they'll put it out on dvd.

the cast is different and now they took a different approach we have the street smart team "networth" vs . the supposed professional team "magna" but boy if you think the street smart team would have trouble you'd be right. while the magna team has struggled at times, the street team has simply disintegrated week after week.first some things to reiterate as far as the "apprentice 3" first of it continues the same absurd mentality (from trump) and the game in this series: if your a good project manager, but you lose, the team will turn on you and you will be fired, despite the fact that your backstabbing teammates are often the ones who do half ass jobs. simply absurd, that a game show that claims to hire the best candidate actually "weeds" out the best while the dysfunctional candidates stab each other until one is left and that person is the best . lolanyone this season, weve seen a total of cursing, backstabbing and even gay offensive stereotypes carried out as teams try to do campaigns.the list of victims so far cast tara dowdell , audrey evans , danny kastner those three are the only that i feel were unfairly fired by trump, the rest really had it coming as they only incited conflict, anger and suffering. it's just amazing as one candidate audrey evans said as how she who did a good job was fired and how some of her worthless teammates are still in the game.yes its the game, it's "the apprentice" where manipulation, backstabbing, and always popular "everyone gang up on the project manager" mentality rules.it has been an entertaining ride, though, the candidates are given a wide array of assignments from photo shoots to the construction of mini golf courses, to building of new apartments.still though it's still the "apprentice" though so all you can do basically is laugh the whole time as the insanity and chaos insues until lucky person is the winner.

for people interested in business and the corporate world, this show is simply the best of the best. as one of the former contestants of the show wrote in his blog about this innovative show: people in business finally had an audience. the whole idea is perfect; having a group of businesspeople competing against each other in business-related tasks, set in the best place in the world, new york city. donald trump is perfect as the boss, even though his ego is bigger than the whole universe times infinity. he also makes a lot of questionable decisions about whom to fire, which is one of the negatives about the show.season 1: great season overall, the best season of the "normal" ones. this season was the one that was most about actual business skills. later on the series almost drowned in marketing related tasks with way too many product placements. great and interesting contestants overall, with the most likable character ever in this series: troy. i know i'm not the only person who suspect that the trump world tower-episode where he got fired was rigged to have amy and nick win this particular task.season 2: also a great season. the tasks were still pretty much ok, and it had many interesting contestants. jen m was terrible and should never had made it to the final, imo. also, this season had the worst firing ever (pamela).season 3: terrible. actually, i liked the concept of book smarts vs. street smarts, but the cast was so utterly terrible (it turned out that trump hated the cast as well) that the whole season was a total disaster. best moments was the second episode (motel renovation), with pm brian fired, a guy who added nothing but huge amounts of comedy value.season 4: an excellent season, much because of the interesting and entertaining contestants this season (especially randall, alla, marcus and the total disaster whose name was toral). the "take me out to the boardroom" episode is one of the absolute classics of this show, ending with the well-remembered quadruple firing. sadly, i think we got robbed for the randall vs. alla final. i think trump was afraid that she could have won, and prevented that from happening.season 5: a boring season with really no special things to it. brent was just an embarrassment and obviously only there to create drama. the tasks were terrible overall (how has creating a jingle anything to do with business at all?). i guess the best man won, but personally i couldn't care less.season 6: i can see why they wanted to try out l.a. as a new location for the show, but looking back it was a mistake. new york will always be the place for this. this season added so many new things, most of them terrible (like losing team having to sleep outside in tents, winning pm continues to be pm ,for example). the tasks were terrible and trump also chose the wrong winner. james deserved it, no doubt.season 7: celebrity edition. best season ever. totally different rules (like the use of rolodexes), but all fun and entertainment. the biggest problem was that many of the contestants were not real celebrities at all, especially the women where everyone were unknown to me except for omarosa, who is a total disgrace to everything she takes part in. this looked to be gene simmon's season, but after he made a complete fool of himself during the kodak task , another man emerged from the shadows: piers morgan. never has anyone dominated a season like he did. he crushed his opponents and also came across as a guy with a great sense of humor (although some uptight americans (not all americans, of course, don't take me wrong) sadly didn't have the social skills to understand it). way to go piers!!for fans of this i highly recommend the uk version starring sir alan sugar as the boss. in fact, the british version is way better, and that says something since the american (and original) truly is a great show. one thing about the uk version is that the contestants normally tend to behave like decent human beings in the boardroom, unlike the constant yelling and rude behavior that takes place in the us version.

the interesting aspect of "the apprentice" is it demonstrates that the traditional job interview and resume do not necessarily predict teamwork skills, task dedication, and job performance. and they certainly don't reveal any hidden agendas. in other words, a good indicator of potential may be to see a job applicant in action which is the point of "the apprentice". people vying for a corporate position may hand over a sugar-coated resume and put on their best personality attire for the interview, but these are not necessarily the best indicator of strengths, weaknesses, and performance.briefly, "the apprentice" involves 16 job candidates competing for the ultimate career opportunity: a position in real estate magnate donald trump's investment company. "the apprentice" refers to the winner who will win a salaried position, learn the art of high stakes deal-making from the master himself, and, presumably, gain prime corporate connections. the position is a dream-come-true for those wanting to make more money than the gnp of some foreign countries. to entice the candidates, trump shows off his private jet, his private luxury apartments replete with statues and artwork, his limos, his connections to celebrities, and other aspects of the life of a billionaire magnate.the road to success is not easy. the group is divided into two teams that compete against each other. each has a corporate-sounding name, such as versacorps and protégé corporation. the teams are assigned tasks that entail an entrepreneurial venture such as creating advertising, selling merchandise, or negotiating. teams select a project manager who provides the leadership and organizational skills to complete the task. if they win, the manager receives a lot of credit, particularly in the eyes of the final arbiter. if they lose, the manager may also become the scape-goat. some of the tasks are monumentally difficult with only a day or two to complete. tasks may involve creating a tv commercial, or print ad. others may involve selling at a retail outlet or on the street.the tasks bring out the best and worst in the participants. they often show immediately who is the most reliable, who is the most trustworthy, and who is hard working. and the tasks also expose who is not a good team player, who is inefficient, and who seems only out for themselves. the tasks invariably reveal in unexpected ways the strengths and weaknesses of the participants and in particular the project manager. how well the manager communicates with the team, delegates work, organizes time, and sets specific goals will largely determine the outcome, but it does not necessarily predict the winner.the single-most telling aspect of someone's potential is when he or she is assigned as a project manager. their real abilities as opposed to their self-propagated abilities immediately show through the veneer that cannot be hidden by a $100 silk tie or a beautiful makeover. leadership qualities and/or weaknesses often become agonizingly obvious after only a few minutes. those promoting themselves as top-notch leaders are not always as strong when put into a real-life leadership situation. it is always easier to "toot your own horn" than to actually engage in leadership. project managers, even those on the winning teams, often do not formulate a cohesive strategy. they often believe that by diving off the deep end to complete the task at the first minute rather than taking a little time to organize and discuss how the task will be completed is more efficient. more often than not, members of an ill-strategized team are running around like headless chickens figuring it out as they go along, and in the long run they end up wasting far more time.the winning team gets a taste of the high life, such as eating dinner at an exclusive restaurant, flying in a private jet, and/or meeting a celebrity. the losing team comes to the dreaded board room where trump hears the lame excuses of the members and knocks off one or more of the contestants like pieces off a chess board with the now infamous "you're fired". often, the project manager is held partially responsible for the team's loss, and may be the target of trump's accusatory rhetoric. every week, at least one person becomes a casualty from the losing team. my least-favorite aspect of "the apprentice" is the board room. while the tasks themselves bring out the strengths and weaknesses in the candidates, the board room often brings out the worst. unfortunately, the rules of the game insist there is one winning team and one losing team, even if the competition was close. members of the losing team start accusing each other, often ruthlessly, about who was at fault. and sometimes more than one person gets fired. i seldom see an under-performing candidate take responsibility for their actions in the board room. kristi frank and kwame jackson were possibly the only candidates who took full responsibility for her team's losses and received no recognition for this selfless act. for me, kristi frank and kwame jackson had the most integrity of all the candidates. however, trump saw kristi as weak and fired her, claiming she wasn't standing up for herself, which may mean he values ego more than integrity. no one should sacrifice their integrity for this. kristi frank may not have become the apprentice but she can live with herself knowing she did not blame others unjustly. isn't that worth as much as "winning"?the strength of "the apprentice" is also its weakness. because team performance is evaluated strictly by winners and losers, other evaluation opportunities are overlooked. barring huge gaps between the winning and losing teams, sometimes a losing team exemplifies a high standard of teamwork and efficiency. i have seen losing teams sometimes appearing better organized than the winning team. we americans are so often obsessed with winning and losing that we often overlook excellence.

i started watching the apprentice about 4 years ago(maybe 5) and i really really liked it. the first thing that strikes you about it is the refreshing format, which though similar to a lot of other reality shows at its core, is still very entertaining. donald trump is wonderful as the host and the main judge of the show as well. the casting coup with intelligent people having good looks being picked as contestants is appreciated as well. but the best part of the show is new york city. mark burnett may have made a lot of crap in his time but his handling of the cinematography is excellent as he makes nyc look like a character unto itself. the jazz tunes coupled with some great camera-work make new york look spectacular.the apprentice will easily alway make my top 3 reality shows of all time(the amazing race is no. 1,however).but just like the amazing race this show is always best watched in moderation. if you keep watching it for a while the originality of the show will wear off fast(the same case as with tar).star world, the broadcasters in this country, did a bang up job in presenting the show. the first three seasons were shown in a row, then after 2 years the next two seasons were shown, which kept the concept fresh.in conclusion, you will love this show, especially the first 2 seasons. however if you keep watching the show continuously, thereafter its charm will wear off and fast.

wow what an episode! after last week seeing mellisa constantly making cameos about the friendship of annie and brandi i almost puked. but that was nothing until seeing mellisa's tirade after being fired. seeing her hobble around on her cast spewing out obscenities and screaming for someone to get her purse was absolutely the most hilarious thing ever on reality tv. she continued to scream at people off set to get her clothes "all of them" like someone else would wear one of her hideous outfits. mellisa you are like 40 years old and you still throw temper tantrums? then joan starts calling annie and brandie every name in the book, and gets up and quits the show! both rivers are spoiled brats who were only left on the show this long to keep ratings up. mellisa crying and refusing to do an exit interview, just proves to america what everyone thought, you are a spoiled baby. wah wah i can't get my way! i love how annie told the cameras she could manipulate mellisa to think her way, and then did exactly that. mellisa is by far the smartest contestant and clearly deserves to win the whole game.

season after season, the players or characters in this show appear to be people who you'd absolutely love to hate. is this show rigged to be that or were they chosen for the same? each episode vilifies one single person specifically and he ends up getting killed off. you enjoy seeing them get screwed although its totally wrong and sick. you enjoy seeing them screwing others, getting screwed themselves, playing dirty, getting it back, escaping and finally getting kicked out by trump. the amount of tears also seems to be increasing by the season.the rewards which attempt to compensate for past humiliation and suffering are also heavily reduced. in the newer seasons, its like "you get to meet xyx who'll lecture you about uvw"..like who freaking cares? the characters are so hateable, collectively and individually, that you wonder if they're paid actors? the only sane one gets to win.watch with caution and maintain a conscience. those are your fellow human beings in the firing line.

i know that there are some purists out there who poo poo anything that is not exactly like the original, however sometimes spin-offs can stand on their own merits. i like the new iron chef because it is similar enough to the japanese version but at the same time caters to american spirit. i love alton brown as commentator, because he explains things with flair. the iron chefs themselves are very interesting. i know the originals were probably the best chefs on the planet at the time, but bobby flay is the only american iron chef to beat them. mario batali seems to have the most fun when cooking, making comments and being flashy while creating. i have watched the series and find all the players work together well. the judges are not always the best choices, however. there are a few exceptions, like the lawyer turned foodie, but most of the judges are questionable in being able to handle what is served. i enjoy watching the chefs hustle and the challengers are surprising. the food at the end always looks amazing and sometimes it inspires me in the kitchen. perhaps that is all anyone can ask, to want to really eat what is served. the only thing i would really change about the series is to ask folks on the show to lighten up a little. sometimes the mood becomes a bit too tense, and that isn't always fun to watch when you are expecting more amusement. i liked the version with william shatner (iron chef usa) because it was so over-the-top like the original, but i can tell it was a pretty expensive proposition. i wish he had stayed with this version and been the host - between bill shatner and alton brown, that would have me grinning for an hour. as long as you don't expect the original japanese version and can accept this series on its own merits, you may find it to be an enjoyable hour.

with all of the violence on tv and in the local news, it is refreshing to have a show that has no violence or adult language, yet is still entertaining. my children look forward to watching with us every week. each of us have a favorite chef and favorite judges. we all enjoy elton brown. we enjoy learning about the background of the main ingredient, unique vegetables and seasonings. we play along at home to guess who the winner will be.it is a great hour of entertainment, as well as informational. best of all in our hussle, bussle life, it is an hour the family spends together.

it's a cooking competition show, americanized. it's not going to be the japanese version.the show is great. i could care less about cooking but this show is just entertaining to watch... from the intensity put into the dishes by the chef to the goofy chairman. truly a good way to spend some time watching tv. you could critique the show for having guests like marc ecko as a judge... but... meh. it's entertaining enough to watch and generally the winner deserves the prize. oh yeah and i'm bitter john besh isn't the new iron chef... ala cuisine!

in arlington heights, il we never had a cafeteria in any of the elementary schools (1961) so i rode my bike home from school for lunch and always watched this game. true, i was 11, but i thought it was the greatest thing on! i'd draw hidden pictures on my blackboard and see if my family or friends could find it. i also remember winning wonderful cars (pontiac or oldsmobile) if the contestant got the final hidden picture game. i even had the home version!i wonder why this game lasted so briefly. i enjoyed the music and the hidden pictures - the only one i could ever get was the lemon hidden as part of a bridge over a garden stream.really good memories are connected with camouflage.

this game show lasted just one season, but was intriguing to audiences because it required visual aptitude and a steady hand. one false move would disqualify the contestant from winning the prize, even though it was clear the contestant knew the correct answer. it was always exciting as the contestant began drawing, wondering if they would complete the drawing or be buzzed out; allowing the other contestant to easily win the contest. it was a light-hearted show, but it was clear that the contestants were often times embarrassed from a silly mistake made unintentionally. rarely seen, the game show did not survive past one single season. only a seasoned game show addict will remember this show, as it proved to be quite unpopular, even though game shows were making a big return to the tv screen after the scandals of the 1950's game shows. but it was a unique concept for a game show, and one that has as yet never been seen again.

honestly, this is the best reality show anyone has ever come up with. in order to win the money you have to actually be intelligent. not only that you've got to be brave, athletic, cunning, etc. it actually requires skill. not like some lame-ass shows that are on these days. and yet, they only have two seasons of it! bull..they need to bring this show back!! although, they'll have a hard time pulling anderson cooper away from cnn. he was great.but seriously, it was an amazing show. you never knew who would be going when. and it was so much fun trying to figure out the mole yourself! it was a show you could actually play yourself if you wanted to!bring back the mole!!!! bring back the mole!!!!

quite simply the best reality show ever made. the first two seasons (the only ones that matter) are on hulu. i challenge anyone to watch the first three episodes of season 1 and not like it. i guarantee you will finish watching the season. then i guarantee that you will watch season 2. other quick reasons to watch it: 1. anderson cooper is hilarious 2. the locations in europe are awesome 3. the games are mentally challenging 4. it's very interactive 5. in one episode a player responds to another player's desperate, "i'm trying as hard as i can!" with an equally desperate, "not necessarily." can you figure out...who is the mole?

i read thru most of the comments posted here & all i can say it that most of these posters have major problems in life. this show, unlike most game show, was fun. mr. shatner, whose brill in all that he does, was again the hit of the show. he's genuinely bubbly personality shines like a beacon where ever he goes. he's fun & makes you smile & that's exactly what the show does also. the dancers & questions, the round-about fashion they're presented only add to the shows appeal. and even though there's a great deal of money at stake it's fun. the pressure (stress) that exists in most game shows does not exist here. several people who posted messages complained how much time is waisted with the dancers & choosing questions, &c, like millionaire doesn't have similar time wasters. all i can say is most of you have missed the whole concept. the idea here is to have fun & enjoy yourself. there's something for everyone. qustions to test your knowledge, eye candy (the dancers), suspense, mr. shatner's wonderful fun-filled personality... well if that doesn't perk-up guys up then i feel bad for you; and if that's not enough, you can get rich! i really miss the show. out of all the games shows that have ever been on, & to be quite frank, i hate game shows, this is the one i really liked & truly miss. the only other game show i ever liked was match game.

