jimmy cagney races by your eyes constantly in this story of a stage-producer who is vigorously struggling against the upcoming "talking" movies.this story of love, deceit, women and dancing is presented in such a manner that as a viewer you are never treated to a dull moment. the direction of the mass scenes in the rehearsal rooms was enormously well done. the story never really got lost in this frantic pace.some parts of the material presented here have become a little dated but that doesn't matter because when you look at this in a 1933 time-frame it is fabulous to watch this next to a lot of the other drags of movies that were released during that time.jimmy cagney is a sight for sore eyes in this film, never loosing his composure as the ever-working producer of previews made for the movie theaters as intros. in this way he tries to save his ass from going out of business, he was a broadway producer before he started this. joan blondell is fabulous as the neglected love-interest, nan, she gives such a spirited performance that is so unusual for movies of that time, so cool to watch a woman who is portrayed as a strong woman for a change.the only problem i had with the film were the enormous productions at the end. these were magnificent in itself, beautifully choreographed and wonderfully produced, but they just didn't seem to fit in the story. the only link they have to the main story is that cagney had to put on 3 previews in 3 days to get a contract and that's what he did. i had a hard time believing that this was what the girls had been rehearsing during the entire movie and that these sets could fit in a movie theater. in this way the "sitting on a backyard fence" was much more appropriate to the story.the productions at the end seemed to drag this frantically paced story to a halt and that was not a good thing. i was tired after seeing the first musical sequence and then i realized there were another two coming up. these sequences got a lot a chuckles from the audience as well.all in all a great film with a sour ending.9/10

089: footlight parade (1933) - released 9/30/1933, viewed 5/5/07.the ice cream cone is invented in new york.kevin: after a long and busy break, we hit another busby berkeley musical from warner bros. this time it's the ultra-fast paced footlight parade, starring james cagney as juggernaut stage producer chester kent. i am 100% certain that cagney was channeling berkeley with his performance of the irrepressible kent, who has to come up with new ideas for performances every minute. joan blondell is also excellent as the acid-tongued secretary-turned-love interest. the ruby keeler/dick powell subplot is not as major this time but no less enjoyable. one thing that baffled me was berkeley's performances themselves, which seemed far too extravagant and complex to be performed on any stage, let alone a stage that would be showing a film afterwards. obviously busby doesn't let a little thing like story impede him from putting together the most over-the-top musical numbers he can possibly conjure. i liked nearly all of this movie until the end, with the shamelessly offensive number "shanghai lil," which, as one can guess, is about as stomach-turning as racially distasteful performances come.doug: six movies in three months. got to be a new record. anywaythis completes warner bros.' musical trilogy of 1933, preceded by '42nd street' and 'gold diggers of 1933.' i would definitely recommend watching all three in a row. i wonder if james cagney was channeling busby berkeley while he was playing chester kent in this movie, or if that the role as written was inspired by busby. i hope it was; it seems to make sense that berkeley is the kind of guy who would see elaborate dances in everyday occurrences the way chester does. the funny thing about cagney was that he didn't really look like a leading man in the traditional sense. he was 5'7", square-headed, and talked with an odd new york accent. but the guy was quite versatile, going from the venomous gangsters that made him so famous to the fast-talking producer-types we see here. and he could dance. basically he was a leading man in the body of a character actor. the rest of the cast has some familiar faces; joan blondell returns and just about steals the show as cagney's loyal and lusting secretary; dick powell and ruby keeler play the cute couple, but seem to get less screen time than before; billy barty pops up again as the mischievous imp. the movie is typical of the more racy and adult-oriented musicals of the pre-code era, as opposed to those of the 50's and 60's that were more family oriented, and is an excellent climax of the warner musicals of that year (the "shanghai lil" number not withstanding, with keeler doing a poor job at looking chinese).last film: dinner at eight (1933). next film: i'm no angel (1933).

such energy and vitality. you just can't go wrong with busby berkley films and this certainly must be his best. of course the choreography is wonderful, but also the banter between cagney and blondell is so colorful and such a delight. don't miss this one.

wow... what... a whirlwind. the 30's is a decade with plenty of movies of every type i can imagine, especially during the early talkies phase. there were movies which are painfully static and dull, like "dracula" with bella lugosi, and there were those that just don't give it a rest, sometimes in a good way and other times not. this is one of the films that don't stop for a minute, and that is both a wonder and a pity. lloyd bacon, who also directed "42nd street", must have been the king of the depression era musicals and he was probably excited with the possibilities sound brought to the world of cinema, for he filled this picture with it. there mustn't be a full minute or two without music or someone speaking. it's completely crazy! i was thinking the movie deserved a 5 (or a 6, tops) because the pacing was very poor, since it was insanely fast and i sometimes didn't know what was happening and what to think. the characters seemed to just running to and fro places, talking about things which didn't interest me and probably no one else. i thought i was just going to be rewarded with a small headache. i noticed lloyd bacon also cast the female lead in "42nd street", ruby keeler, and "42nd street" was a movie whose ending was the best part of it. and you know what? it happened the same thing with "footlight parade"! the ending is absolutely incredible! it has become, hands down, the most impressive musical i have ever seen. the final part presents us some musical numbers and those are, believe me, something that make seeing the other rest of the movie worth. the numbers are flawless! there are three big bits and the most impressive is surely the second one. suddenly the screen was filled with gorgeous and inventive camera work, beautiful people and plain entertainment that made me forget my small headache.

the wit and pace and three show stopping busby berkley numbers put this ahead of the over-rated 42nd street. this is the definitive 30's musical with a knockout frenetic performance from jimmy cagney. one of the last releases before the motion picture production code was strictly enforced. a must see.

in 1933 dick powell and ruby keeler sang and danced their way through three warner brother musicals that offered depression era audiences a momentary distraction from their woes. gold diggers of 1933, 42nd street and footlight parade were all set in the world of broadway theatre with basically the same theme of the show must go on. in addition to keeler and powell the films featured the kaleidiscopic choreography of busby berkeley, show stopping tunes and many of the same supporting players.all are arguably classics of their genre but i must admit a clear preference for footlight due to it's pace energy and lead james cagney. warren william in gold diggers and warner baxter in 42nd street acquit themselves admirably as the shows production heads- particularly baxter as the burned out julian marsh in search of one last box office smash. both lack the infectious energy of cagney however, who perfectly compliments the frenetic pace of putting on a broadway musical. he is an absolute whirlwind as he deals with production numbers, unscrupulous partners and a gold digging girlfriend.of course cagney alone does not make footlight the classic that it is. the script crackles with some sharp double entendres delivered by a superlative supporting cast featuring frank mchugh, hugh herbert, guy kibbee and especially joan blondell who cuts everyone down to size. busby berkeley's dance numbers are surreal, suggestive and risqué and done just in the nick of time before the arrival of the hollywood code in 34. sadly, the thirties and sometime beyond would never see such a richly made musical with the verve and sass of footlight again. gentility and morality made sure of it.

never viewed this film and enjoyed the singing and dancing by cagney and the other cast members namely: dick powell, (scott blair) who had a great tenor voice and ruby keeler, (bea thorn). james cagney plays the role as chester kent who writes musicals and eventually goes into producing prologues which are shown in between the feature films shown in movie theater's during the 1930's. chester has trouble with people trying to steal his ideas for his shows. this is a very entertaining film with lots of comedy and plenty of laughs. joan blondell, (nan prescott) gave a great supporting role who was also very young and pretty. dick powell was great as a singer and dancer and just starting out with his long and successful screen career. enjoy.

a wonder. one of the best musicals ever. the three busby berkely numbers that end the movie are spectacular, but what makes this film so wonderful is the incredible non-stop patter and the natural acting of cagney and blondell. (keeler is also lovely, even though she may not have been a great actress). there's a freshness in the movie that you don't see in flicks today, much less in the usually stilted 30s films, even though the plot, involving the setting up of movies prologues, is quite dated.

i loved this film, seen this evening on a movie theatre big screen! the audience laughed out loud at some very interesting things, and the fast pace was most enjoyable.i do, as a singer and musical director, question one section of roby keeler's vocal in "by a waterfall." the key modulated, and she was suddenly singing much lower, in a very mellow voice that bore no resemblance to the somewhat tin-like higher twitter voice she used in all her other vocals.does anyone know if this was overdubbed by another singer? it sounds it to me. i would love to know.thanks so much.

clever, gritty, witty, fast-paced, sexy, extravagant, sleazy, erotic, heartfelt and corny, footlight parade is a first-class entertainment, what the movies are all about.the realistic, satirical treatment gives a fresh edge to the material and its pace and line delivery are breathtaking. to think that they only started making feature talking pictures 7 years before this! the brilliance of the dialogue cannot be matched anywhere today, especially considering that "realism" has taken over and engulfed contemporary cinema.this film was made at a time when the hayes code restricting content was being ignored and the result is a fresh, self-referential, critical and living cinema that spoke directly to contemporary audiences suffering through the depression and the general angst of the age. i'd recommend watching any film from this period, that is 1930-1935, for a vision of what popular cinema can potentially be.

it's hard to say which comes out on top, james cagney's charm and energy or the mouth- opening excesses of busby berkeley's three grand showstoppers at the close. i give it a tie, with footlight parade one of the funniest and quickest of the early thirties musicals. although the movie clearly belongs to cagney, joan blondell adds immeasurably to the good-natured story line. and what's the story line? it's about chester kent (cagney) who produces musicals, and who now is just about out of business as the talkies take over. he starts doing prologues, live musical entertainment offered on stage before a movie starts. he gets the idea to do bigger ones and more of them, moving them around the country. he's a ball of fire and ideas, and he needs all the ideas he can get to keep relentlessly producing these things. but a rival is spying on him and stealing his ideas; nan prescott (blondell), his wise-cracking secretary, loves him but he's too busy too notice; an office girl in black-rimmed, round glasses (ruby keeler) wants a chance to dance; his wife turns up saying she didn't divorce him after all; a blonde gold-digger is setting her hooks in him; his partners are cheating him...my gosh, what's next? this may all sound like a lot to digest, but everything happens fast, with cagney bouncing, strutting, striding, finger-snapping, barking orders and occasionally - until the big last number when he goes all out singing and dancing -- doing a step or two just to show how it's done. instead of "let's put on a show, gang" we have "we need to build three shows in three days, so lock the doors and let's start rehearsing." these three super prologues are going to feature 40 chorines, spectacular effects and will mean a rich contract, with forty kent units in deluxe movie houses...the whole apollo movie house circuit! exhaustion threatens, feet ache, but all those unbilled chorines in skimpy costumes (which include ann sothern and dorothy lamour; you can quickly spot sothern but lamour is more generic) stay the course, dancing their hearts out, giggling and chattering and looking remarkably unsweaty. and then the curtains go up as each prologue is presented in separate movie houses, one after the other on the same night, with the owner of the apollo circuit going to determine that night whether he'll save chester's skin or not. first up is "honeymoon hotel" with dick powell and ruby keeler in a 9 minute production number that features a lot of wholesome lasciviousness, with brides and grooms (some might even be married), bedrooms and beds, and doors with "do not disturb" signs. then on to the next theater and 11 minutes of "by a waterfall" that probably had the warner brothers accountants worrying about bankruptcy. this number is so excessive -- dozens of swimming girls, trees, fountains, a huge grotto with waterslides, a giant pool -- you'd never think there was a depression on. berkeley pulls out all his tricks -- synchronization, human patterns, legs and arms doing all sorts of precision things -- and he does it in the water, with a lot of underwater photography looking up. the girls are sure game. they come up smiling with water in their eyes and still hit their marks. the whole thing must have been incredibly difficult and exhausting. ruby keeler, who has a couple of quick shots in the water, is the only one who looks a bit cautious. and finally, the smash finale...11 minutes of cagney dancing and singing with keeler to "shanghai lil," with all sorts of bar girls and their customers, unusual in that the races are mixed up. there's cagney and keeler dancing on the bar, dancing on a table, cagney fighting. there are what looks like fifty or sixty marching marines, hupping back and forth, rifles tossed and caught. then...this is true...a human picture forms of franklin roosevelt and the nra eagle. this may be the only hollywood musical production that has ever featured roosevelt, a big federal agency and a bevy of sexy chinese prostitutes. that's entertainment, folks. it's great! of course, chester's prologues get the big contract and nan gets chester. the movie is full of juicy clichés that make us smile. ruby keeler is so endearing as she earnestly stomps out her taps with her arms flying that you want to help her along. joan blondell makes us forget about a lot of hollywood females who might have been more beautiful but who had a lot less wit and personality. the movie, however, belongs to cagney, who grabs and shakes it, and to berkeley, a man for whom too much was never too much.

james cagney is best known for his tough characters- and gangster roles but he has also played quite a lot 'soft' characters in his career. this musical is one of them and it was the first but not the last musical movie cagney would star in.cagney is even doing a bit of singing in this one and also quite an amount of dancing. and it needs to be said that he was not bad at it. he plays the role with a lot of confidence. he apparently had some dancing jobs in his early life before his acting career started to take off big time, so it actually isn't a weird thing that he also took on some musical acting roles in his career. he obviously also feels at ease in this totally different genre than most people are accustomed to seeing him in.the movie is directed by lloyd bacon, who was perhaps among the best and most successful director within the genre. his earliest '30's musicals pretty much defined the musical genre and he also was responsible for genre movies such as "42nd street". his musicals were always light and fun to watch and more comedy like than anything else really. '30's musicals never were really about its singing, this was something that more featured in '40's and later made musicals, mainly from the mgm studios.as usual it has a light and simple story, set in the musical world, that of course is also predictable and progresses in a formulaic way. it nevertheless is a fun and simple story that also simply makes this an entertaining movies to watch. so do the characters and actors that are portraying them. sort of weird though that that the total plot line of the movie gets sort of abandoned toward the end of the movie, when the movie only starts to consists out of musical number routines.the musical moments toward the ending of the movie are also amusing and well done, even though i'm not a too big fan of the genre itself. once again the musical numbers also feature a young billy barty. he often played little boys/babies/mice and whatever more early on in his career, including the movie musical "gold diggers of 1933", of one year earlier. a recommendable early genre movie.8/10

i have a feeling that the warners bros depression-era musicals are going to become a lot more pertinent in the next couple of years. yes, we are in the economic doldrums (or have you been living under a rock) and times look bleak. but we always have the movies as a way to escape our troubles. in the 30's, film-going was hugely popular even at the height of economic gloom. "footlight parade (1933)" was one such film that audiences flocked to. while this lloyd bacon-directed musical doesn't quite capture the social issues of the time as "gold diggers of 1933 (1933)" does, it's still a wonderful showcase of talent. we have to wait until the end of the film for the three centrepiece busby berkely extravaganza numbers, but boy, are they worth waiting for me. yes, little ruby keeler is a terrible singer and actress, and her tapping is so-so, but busby's magical "by a waterfall" whisks her, and what seems to be a hundred other chorus girls, into a dizzying water wonderland. of course busby's numbers could never really be performed on a stage (they defy limits of gravity, for one thing), and they contrast terrifically with the realism of the tough, wisecracking non-musical scenes. and "footlight" also has james cagney in at the one of his all-too-few musicals (really, what couldn't this man do?). he even gets to take over from the leading man, don sailor garb and fawn over sexpot shanghai lil (who is really little ruby in china-girl wig!).he co-stars with joan blondell, his adorable, adoring secretary who cagney somehow overlooks in favour of other women (until the final reel, that is). apparently blondell was the only other woman who cagney loved apart from his wife. and you can see the mutual adoration in every scene.

an excellent example of the spectacular busby berkeley musicals produced in the early 1930's. audiences must've been very surprised to see james cagney in this type of vehicle. quite a contrast from his "public enemy" 2 years earlier. cagney does add spark & interest to a rather routine tired out formulated storyline & plot. but the highlight of the movie is the 3 elaborate production numbers back to back. first with the conservative "honeymoon hotel" number,then followed by the very spectacularly eye dazzling "by a waterfall" sequence,followed by the closing "shanghai lil" sequence, cagney only participates in the last number hoofing it up on top of a bar counter with ruby keeler. the "shanghai lil" number with cagney is excellent but a bit of a comedown & anti climactic after the more exciting & incredibly mind boggling "by a waterfall" choreography.if i was the director i would've inserted the "shanghai lil" number in the middle & close with "by a waterfall",which blows the other 2 numbers out of the water so to speak & in my view the best of the 3 numbers. the 3 production numbers are the frosting on the cake & james cagney's performance is added decoration to the cake. an outstanding musical achievement,a 4 star movie, the ultimate musical,well worth watching,you won't be disappointed!!!!!!!!!

this is a wonderful film. the non-stop patter takes several watchings to fully appreciate. the musical productions of busby berkeley will never be duplicated. i think this movie easily outdoes all of his other efforts. joan blondell and james cagney are incredible together. some of the humor would almost push the boundaries of today's movies. put rational explanation of how they did it aside and enjoy it for the spectacle that it is.

fast-paced, funny, sexy, and spectacular. cagney is always terrific. blondel charms you with her wit and energy. it's obvious that this is a pre-censorship film by the innuendo in the script, the costumes,and the way they touch each other. and bikinis before there were bikinis! this is no holds barred fun for everyone. i don't understand the john garfield issue though. does it matter whether or not he's in this film? if he is, he screen is so short that he's basically a prop. you need to watch it frame by frame to even find him if he's there. i'm a big cagney fan, but had never seen this one before. i found it on turner classics. i found it by wonderful accident. sit back and enjoy the ride!

when it came out, this was pretty much state of the art musical film entertainment. to this day it's more entertaining than most, in great part because it has james cagney in the lead role as a musical prologue producer under a succession of deadlines and sheltered from all storms by his trusty "girl friday" played by joan blondell. also the musical numbers towards the end which were put together by busby berkeley are pretty much a knock-out as far as that type of thing goes.but this is a pretty strange movie. i mean in one of those numbers, you've got billy barty running around pretending to be a lovable toddler, doing all kinds of weird stuff. ruby keeler seems to have a sickening smile plastered on her face at all times, but at least she's not required to act like in some of her later unfortunate films. you'd never guess that dick powell was any kind of tough guy from seeing him in this movie; apparently all the tough guy energy was allocated to the star cagney. as for cagney, his high speed rants about musical shows and so forth are endearing and annoying at the same time. after a while it gets a bit too much. you expect him to walk out and say, "hey! i've got a great idea for a prologue! the women are cigarettes, and they come out of a pack of smokes! oh no, we did that one last month!" it's funny but it gets a bit repetitive. in the moments where he has to get tough with the bad girl, ruth donnelly, some of the established cagney gangster character comes out. in fact frequent b gangster director william keighley is credited here with dialogue coaching, and it seems at times that cagney and blondell are invoking something very "street" even though the characters aren't criminal.the musical numbers... what can you say? they stand alone as entertainment, the way that berkeley uses the human body and geometry is really startling. but none of them really mean anything. it means "honeymoon hotel", nothing really more or less. and the whole pretense of the integration falls apart immediately, since the characters in the show are doing things that couldn't possibly be appreciated by a theater audience like the movie portrays. for example at one point they show the fine print on a newspaper, things like that. the whole thing could only exist on film, so the idea that the prologues are actually live shows is ridiculous. i can only suppose that audiences of the time were somewhat less critical about things like this than they would be ten years later or so, because this is a very polished production.it's great to see cagney himself show off his superb dancing skills, and he can actually share the stage with a dancer like keeler. cagney and blondell have excellent chemistry and their scenes go off really well. the music i would say is only mediocre, but mostly pleasing if repetitive. bacon's direction in general is very suitable but never interesting. the film's entertainment value is unquestionable and it has also picked up some nostalgic value along the way. it's a cut above most "let's put on a show" films of the 30s.

of course you could never go into a theatre and witness the types of sets you get in this film. from that point of view it is utter fantasy. but who cares? it is certainly true that you will not find this film listed in with citizen kane, battleship potyomkin and all the other films the pseuds tell us we should be watching. films like this are worth a hundred citizen kanes.it is about what cinema does best: great camera-work, great settings and great performances.the three spectacular scenes at the end are probably best in the order they are presented, keeping the best till last.i will gladly watch this film again and again and again and...

"footlight parade" is just one of several wonderfully jaunty musicals that warner bros. produced in the early 1930's to ward off the depression. "42nd street" and the golddiggers series were also produced during this era, and they made literally, millions of americans forget their troubles for a little while, and enjoy themselves.while most of the films produced had the great talents of joan blondell, ruby keeler, and dick powell, only foolight parade had the incomparable james cagney. almost ten years prior to his most well-known musical, "yankee doodle dandy". here he dances in that most original of dance styles, with his arms usually lowered at his side, and his legs doing all types of undulations and kicks. it's easy to see that he is enjoying himself, and that makes us enjoy him all the more.while almost all of the musical sequences appear at the end of the film, they are well worth the wait. i believe that this film was made just prior to the installation of the production code, so some of the costumes and scenes are a bit risqué. but it's all in fun.it doesn't matter what the plot of the film is, just know that there are plenty of laughs and a superlative cast. besides those already mentioned, guy kibbee is at his flustered best here.7 out of 10

the energetic young producer of theatrical prologues (those staged performances, usually musical, that often proceeded the movie in the larger cinemas in bygone days) must deal with crooked competition, fraudulent partners, unfaithful lovers & amateur talent to realize his dream of making his mark on the footlight parade.while closely resembling other warner's musical spectaculars, notably the golddigger films, this movie had a special attraction none of the others had: jimmy cagney. he is a wonder, loose-jointed and lithe, as agile as any tomcat - a creature he actually mimics a few times during the movie. cagney grabs the viewers attention & never lets go, powering the rapid-fire dialogue and corny plot with his charisma & buoyant charm.the rest of the cast gives their best, as well. joan blondell is perfect as the smart-mouthed, big-hearted blonde secretary, infatuated with cagney (major quibble - why wasn't she given a musical number?). dick powell & ruby keeler once again play lovers onstage & off; the fact that her singing & acting abilities are a bit on the lean side are compensated for by her dancing ; powell still exudes boyish enthusiasm in his unaccustomed position as second male lead.guy kibbee & hugh herbert are lots of fun as brothers-in-law, both scheming to cheat cagney in different ways. ruth donnelly scores as kibbee's wealthy wife, a woman devoted to her handsome protégés. frank mchugh's harried choreographer is an apt foil for cagney's wit. herman bing is hilarious in his one tiny scene as a music arranger. mavens will spot little billy barty, jimmy conlin & maybe even john garfield during the musical numbers.finally, there's busby berkeley, choreographer nonpareil. his terpsichorean confections, sprinkled throughout the decade of the 1930's, were a supreme example of the cinematic escapism that depression audiences wanted to enjoy. the big joke about berkeley's creations, of course, was that they were meant, as part of the plot, to be stage productions. but no theater could ever hold these products of the master's imagination. they are perfect illustrations of the type of entertainment only made possible by the movie camera.berkeley's musical offerings generally took one of two different approaches, either a story (often rather bizarre) told with song & dance; or else stunning geometrically designed numbers, eye candy, featuring plentiful chorus girls, overhead camerawork & a romantic tune. in a spasm of outré extravagance, footlight parade climaxes with three berkeley masterworks: `honeymoon hotel' and its pre-production code telling of a couple's wedding night; `by a waterfall' - dozens of unclad females, splashing, floating & diving in perfect patterns & designs (peer closely & you'll see how the synchronous effects were achieved); and finally, `shanghai lil' - a fitting tribute to the talents of both cagney & berkeley.

this fabulous movie must be viewed knowing that millions scraped together 10 cents to see it and forget the gloomy day-to-day economic conditions during the 30's. remember, 10 cents bought a loaf of bread back then, so this was a minor luxury for many people. it's testimony to how hollywood did its best to make the usa feel a little better about itself. you'll note that with the studio system in hollywood at the time many of the actors and actresses were type-cast in similar movies, e.g. james cagney, william powell, ruby keeler, frank mchugh, joan blondell and guy kibbee . then too, branches of the u.s. military were always respected with enthusiasm and patriotism as in the use of military precision marching by the great choreographer, busby berkeley, at the end.

an opium den, a dirty little boy (actually a midget), prostitutes galore, a violent fracas in a dive, a motel for sexual shenanigans, scantily clad babes with cleavage a lot, a boozer falling down the stairs, a racially mixed clientèle in a bar with asians, africans, and anglos treated equally, does this sound like a film playing at the local shopping mall? wrong. these are all scenes from a 1933 musical.the first half of "footlight parade" is preparation for a musical extravaganza which occupies the last half of the film. chester kent (cagney) is about to lose his job and does lose his playgirl wife as a result of talking pictures squeezing out live stage musicals. his producers take him to see a popular talky of the day, john wayne in "the big trail." before each showing of the flick, a dance number is presented as a prologue. shorts, news reels, serials, and cartoons would later serve the purpose. kent gets the idea that a prologue chain would be the road to salvation for the dwindling live musical business. kent is basically an idea man along the lines of choreographer busby berkeley. could it be that cagney's character is patterned after berkeley? could be. in preparation for the prologues, kent learns that his ideas are being stolen by a rival. he uncovers the traitor, fires him, then unbeknown to him a new leak is planted in the form a dazzling temptress. his assistant, nan prescott (joan blondell - soon to be mrs. dick powell) has the hots for kent and is determined to expose the wiles of the temptress. a new singer from arkansas college shows up in the form of scotty blain (dick powell) who turns out to be a real find and is paired with bea thorn (ruby keeler). the resulting three prologue musicals, which couldn't possibly have been presented on any cinema stage of the day, are as fresh and enjoyable today as they were over seventy years ago, "honeymoon hotel," "by a waterfall," and "shanghai lil."of special note is the song and dance of tough-guy james cagney. like fred astaire and bill "bojangles" robinson, cagney's dancing appeared natural and unrehearsed, although hours went into practice to get each step just right. not as good a singer as astaire, cagney's singing, like astaire's, sounded natural, unlike the crooning so popular at the time. it's amazing that one person could be so talented and so versatile as james cagney.most critics prefer the "shanghai lil" segment over the other two. yet the kaleidoscopic choreography of "by a waterfall" is astonishing. how berkeley was able to film the underwater ballets and to create the human snake chain must have been difficult because it has never been repeated. the close up shots mixed brilliantly with distant angles is a must-see. the crisp black and white photography is much more artistic than it would have been if shot in color. though not nearly as socially conscious as "gold diggers of 1933," "footlight parade" stands on its own as one of the most amazing and outrageous musicals ever put on the big screen.

it has singing. it has drama. it has comedy. it has a story. it's one of the greatest movies ever made ... period. if you can't enjoy this movie, then you must be either asleep or in some kind of mental disarray. in "yankee doodle dandy" james cagney sings and dances his way to an academy award; but in this movie he is better! this is james cagney at his quisessential best! he's fast with the one-liners! he's fast with his feet! it's nonstop action. and the song-and-dance skits are classics, especially "shanghai lil." and the supporting cast is great; and the entire movie is upbeat, fast moving, and exudes confidence. and even though this movie was made over 70 years ago, it's still watchable, even today. and of course, this movie features miss ruby keeler (who was married to al jolson). she is the perfect partner for james cagney ... and dick powell too! if you like upbeat, fast paced movies, with lots of singing and dancing, this is the movie to watch.

the stock market crash of 1929 and the depression following almost ruined the american musical theater, in fact it was the final death blow to vaudeville. those behind the curtains were hit as bad as those in front.in an effort to stimulate the show business economy and his own personal economy, out of work theater director james cagney comes up with a brilliant idea. stage live relevant prologues to the movies that are being shown at the various movie theaters that are springing up overnight from the old theaters. some other competitors get wind of it and the competition is on.footlight parade is my favorite busby berkeley film. it gives james cagney a chance to display some of his versatility as a dancer as well as a tough guy. in his retirement cagney said that while he screened his few and far between musicals a lot, he could barely be bothered with some of his straight dramatic films. he wished he'd done a few more musicals in his career and i wish he had.of course the staging of these busby berkeley extravaganzas on the stage of a movie palace defies all logic and reason. but it's so creative and fun to watch. dick powell gets to sing three songs in footlight parade, ah the moon is here, honeymoon hotel, and by a waterfall, the last two with ruby keeler further cementing that screen team. ruby sings and dances with powell in the last two and she partners with james cagney in my favorite number from footlight parade, shanghai lil. joan blondell is cagney's no nonsense girl friday at the theater. like in blonde crazy, she's the one with the real brains in that duo and it's her quick thinking that bails him out of some domestic problems he has on top of his theatrical ones. one of blondell's best screen roles.look for dorothy lamour and ann sothern in the chorus as per the imdb pages for both of them. john garfield is seen briefly in the shanghai lil number. and in a scene at the beginning of the film, producer guy kibbee takes cagney to a movie theater where they are showing a b western starring john wayne. the duke's voice is unmistakable. but what's even more unusual is that the brief clip shows him in a scene with frank mchugh who plays another cagney assistant in footlight parade. i think the brothers warner were playing a little joke there. i've got to believe that clip was deliberate.footlight parade is busby berkeley at his surreal best.

"footlight parade" is fascinating on so many levels. there is no way the supposedly staged "theater prologues" could have been produced in any theater on earth, of course. think of the huge pools and three-story tall fountains for "by a waterfall," for instance. (berkeley directed john garfield in "they made me a criminal" six years later and had the dead end kids singing "by a waterfall" as they took their showers.) "shanghai lil" is the best production number in the picture. it's a catalog of '30s warner bros. sensibilities. note the african guys mixed into the scene with white and asian prostitutes. you would never see blacks integrated into a social scene in other films of the period unless they were porters on a train or maids in a big house. here the black guys are sitting at the bar and singing with the others. i also get a thrill when the military dancers do a "card section" presentation of roosevelt's image. there's also the nra eagle--the logo of the controversial national recovery administration of the new deal. fdr was the new president and hopes were so high that he'd pull the nation out of the depression. you'd never see something so working class oriented coming out of mgm, of course. warner bros. wholeheartedly supported the uplift dictated by the f.d.r. administration. dear little miss ruby keeler was never better than she is playing the chinese hooker, "lil." she hardly even watches her feet as she dances, which was one of her signature flaws. the pre-code stuff is fun. the "by a waterfall" number is wonderful in that regard. the girls change into their bathing suits on the crowded bus speeding through times square with all its lights on. the spread-eagle girls swimming over the camera provide the kind of crotch shots that would not be seen for 35 years. in a few months the production code would eliminate such naughty pleasures.

footlight parade is among the best of the 1930's musical comedy extravaganzas. a snappy script and an all-star cast including jimmy cagney, the lovely joan blondell, dick powell, and ruby keeler make this film a cut above the rest. directed and choreographed by the creative genius busby berkeley, this film will have you grinning from ear-to-ear from start to finish.busby, of course, is the undisputed master of the hollywood musical with "gold diggers of 1933" and "42nd street" to his credit (as dance director). footlight parade is graced by hundreds of scantily-clad chorus girls, a berkeley trademark. the elaborate dance numbers were shot with only one camera and busby was the first director to film close-ups of the dancers. his obsession with shapely legs and "rear-view" shots is amply demonstrated here. the overall effect is highly erotic and mesmerizing.our boy jimmy cagney plays chester kent, a producer of "prologues" or short musical stage productions that were performed in movie theaters to entertain the audience before the talkies were shown. he's surrounded by crooked partners, a corporate spy, and a gold-digging girlfriend. although cagney had a solid background in vaudeville, this was the first film in which he showed his dancing talents. joan blondell is memorable as cagney's wise-cracking, lovestruck secretary. and ruby keeler is adorable, as always.the film climaxes with three outstanding production numbers, "honeymoon hotel", "the waterfall", and "shanghai lil", each one a masterpiece and not likely to be duplicated in today's hollywood where so-called "special effects" have replaced creative cinematography.claudia's bottom line: clever and erotic, with some of the best musical production numbers ever put on celluloid. a thoroughly enjoyable depression era romp.

upon the first viewing, i found this tale to be at least less annoying than other cannon movie tales. after many more, i think it's one of the best. some of the songs are pretty bad, especially the love song, but two things stand out that make the movie, even the singing, worthwhile. one is the art direction. like the other cannon movie tales, this is a beautifully decorated period piece; every piece of cloth and jewel (both of which have major parts in this movie's plot) look fresh and new, and contrast with the plain clothes of the peasants. even during the love song i find myself studying the dress and hair of the princess, wonderfully done. the other thing is the comic timing. a lot of the movie is cheesy, but the emperor's vanity (and his making fun of himself in the end), the suspicious guard, the guard chasing nicholas, and the stupid prince, were all quite funny and seem to be ridiculous quite on purpose. and the sequence during the song weave-o makes up for the songs that weren't so good.

does anyone else cry tears of joy when they watch this film? i love it! one of my top 10 films of all time. it just makes me feel good. i watch the closing production number with all the cast members over and over and over!!! bebe benson (michelle johnston) is the babe of the film, imho! i never saw the play but i get angry when i read reviews that say the play was better than the film. the two are like apples and oranges. the film making process will seldom deliver a finished product that is faithful to the original work. i believe it's only due to the fear of public alienation that many well known works adapted to the screen aren't changed more than they are. this is a very good film, it is very satisfying. that's all you need to know!

as a disclaimer, i've seen the movie 5-6 times in the last 15 years, and i only just saw the musical this week. this allowed me to judge the movie without being tainted by what was or wasn't in the musical (however, it tainted me when i watched the musical :) ) i actually believe michael douglas worked quite well in that role, along with kasey. i think her 'let me dance for you scene' is one of the best parts of the movie, a worthwhile addition compared to the musical. the dancers and singing in the movie are much superior to the musical, as well as the cast which is at least 10 times bigger (easier to do in the movie of course). the decors, lighting, dancing, and singing are also much superior in the movie, which should be expected, and was indeed delivered. the songs that were in common with the musical are better done in the movie, the new ones are quite good ones, and the whole movie just delivers more than the musical in my opinion, especially compared to a musical which has few decors. the one bad point on the movie is the obvious cuts between the actors talking, and dubbed singers during the singing portions for some of the characters, but their dancing is impeccable, and the end product was more enjoyable than the musical

when i really began to be interested in movies, at the age of eleven, i had a big list of 'must see' films and i would go to blockbuster and rent two or three per weekend; some of them were not for all audiences and my mother would go nuts. i remember one of the films on that list was "a chorus line" and could never get it; so now to see it is a dream come true.of course, i lost the list and i would do anything to get it back because i think there were some really interesting things to watch there. i mean, take "a chorus line", a stage play turned into film. i know it's something we see a lot nowadays, but back then it was a little different, apparently; and this film has something special.most of the musicals made movies today, take the chance the camera gives them for free, to create different sceneries and take the characters to different places; "a chorus line" was born on a theater stage as a play and it dies in the same place as a movie. following a big audition held by recognized choreographer zach (michael douglas), richard atenborough directs a big number of dancers as they try to get the job.everything happens on the same day: the tension of not knowing, the stress of having to learn the numbers, the silent competition between the dancersand it all occurs on the stage, where douglas puts each dancer on the spotlight and makes them talk about their personal life and their most horrible experiences. there are hundreds of dancers and they are all fantastic, but they list shortens as the hours go by.like a movie i saw recently, "a prairie home companion", the broadcast of a radio show, atenborough here deals with the problem of continuity. on or behind the stage, things are going on, and time doesn't seem to stop. again, i don't if atenborough cut a lot to shoot this, but it sure doesn't look like it; and anyway it's a great directing and editing (john bloom) work. but in that little stage, what you wonder is what to do with the camerawith only one setting, ronnie taylor's cinematography finds the way, making close-ups to certain characters, zooming in and out, showing the stage from different perspective and also giving us a beautiful view of new york.in one crucial moment, douglas tells the ones that are left: "before we start eliminating: you're all terrific and i'd like to hire you all; but i can't". this made me think about reality shows today, where the only thing that counts is the singing or dancing talent and where the jury always says that exact words to the contestants before some of them are leaving (even when they are not good). it's hard, you must imagine; at least here, where all of them really are terrific.to tell some of the stories, the characters use songs and, in one second, the stage takes a new life and it literally is 'a dream come true'. the music by marvin hamlisch and the lyrics by edward kleban make the theater to film transition without flaws, showing these dancers' feelings and letting them do those wonderful choreographies by michael bennett. the book in the theater also becomes a flawless and very short screenplay by arnold schulman; which is very touching at times. so if it's not with a song it will be with a word; but in "a chorus line", it's impossible not to be moved.during one of the rehearsal breaks in the audition, cassie, a special dancer played by alyson reed, takes the stage to convince douglas character that she can do it. the words "let me dance for you" never sounded more honest and more beautifully put in music and lyrics.

i watched this movie after seeing it on broadway. i love the broadway musical and i love the movie. i watched the movie like it was not related to the broadway show. i am an avid reader and have seen what happens to most books when they are turned into movies, so i developed a philosophy really early. assume that the movie is going to be based on the book ( or musical in this case) but that while the story line may be similar it will not be the same, it will be different so watch it for what it is.i danced for 12 years before i had to make a choice. i was a good dancer( picking up chorus work in local productions as a child etc) but i wasn't super talented.i was however super talented as a show rider. i was told by my dance instructor and my trainer ( who i spent several months a year at his farm out of state) that i had to make a choice when i turned 14. that i needed to move up from dancing two hours four-five days a week and riding 3 hours a day 7 days a week.. and dedicate to one or the other. so i dearly love dancing and i love this movie and a lot of the other ballet and dance movies. i just chose to watch this movie for what it is, it is a great movie about raw emotion and human interaction. it is about the power of anticipation and heartbreak when you work really hard to get something you want and you just do not get it. i love the movie. i love the broadway musical.

as many reviewers here have noted, the film version differs quite a bit from the stage version of the story. i have never seen the stage version of the story, and therefore i have a more favorable review of the film than many other reviewers. perhaps richard attenborough was not the best choice for director of the film, but the film is still an entertaining account of several dancers trying to make the big time in choreographer michael douglas' show. the film does right by not selecting any famous actors or performers to wind up in the final try-out group. this way our attention is focused on the dancers' movements and individual stories and struggles as they unfold during a marathon day of try-outs. douglas is also probably not the best choice for the part. apparently some songs were cut out in favor of a new one, and the backstage cliché-ridden story of a romantic liaison between a dancer and the choreographer was added. i have to say in all fairness this was the weakest part of the film. the repeated intrusions cassie made during try-outs appear to mirror the almost desperate pleas one often has to make when engaging in the artistic professions in the absence of talent and/or luck. however, this aspect of the film has been done to death in the past, and it's curious to see this tired old shoe kicking its heel up once again. the revelations of the dancers themselves began promisingly enough with the "i can do that" number, but then it plodded a little at various points while the dancers were telling their stories. frankly, their stories differed little from real life folks who never get a chance like this. *** of 4 stars.

this movie will always be a broadway and movie classic, as long as there are still people who sing, dance, and act.

this is a great film!! the first time i saw it i thought it was absorbing from start to finish and i still do now. i may not have seen the play, but even if i had it wouldn't stop me thinking that the film is just as good.

i love this movie. i mean the story may not be the best, but the dancing most certainly makes up for it. you get to know a little bit about each character the way they want you to learn about them. i just think that you won't like this movie unless you're into broadway...

anyone who has seen this movie and reviewed it poorly, i would refer them to roger ebert's review of this movie. he is one of the most respected critics in the industry, and he gave it 3 1/2 stars.this is a great movie. it may not be perfect, or spectacular, but i enjoyed it. a chorus line is not so much a story, as it is a group of stories about the lives of broadway hopefuls. i read reviews where people said that too much time was wasted on the romance between zach and cassie. that is an incorrect view. it is another story along with all the other stories that are told about each of the broadway hopefuls. what people fail to realize is that those who are dancers for broadway shows go through the same things that the common man goes through. and that i think is really the point of the whole show. it is to showcase not only the talent of these special dancers, but to give us some poignant things to think about in regard to life in general. this is a study of life as a broadway star. anyone who has dreamed of becoming a broadway star watches this movie with a great feeling of relationship because they have gone through exactly what the characters are going through. this is a great musical. it has its slow points, and at times gets a little confused with the pacing of certain story lines, but all in all, i thoroughly enjoyed it. take a closer look at the movie, and then maybe you will understand what i am talking about.

hi for all the people who have seen this wonderful movie im sure thet you would have liked it as much as i. i love the songs once you have seen the show you can sing along as though you are part of the show singing and dancing . dancing and singing. the song one is an all time fave musical song too and the strutters at the end with the mirror its so oh you have to watch this one

i turned this on to see the incredible ethel waters, whose autobiography i am now reading. i'll admit my jaw dropped when the pork chops and watermelon references started rolling in, but people cannot look at this movie as a stereotypical or racist piece. it's pretty much a short film made by blacks, for blacks at a time when the entertainment industry was quite segregated and the stereotypes to the people involved were the jokes of their time, old trends exaggerated for humor. we see modern black movies do the same thing, but with the new trends (stereotypes), "ho's" and the "hood" and such. i think if you look back in eighty years, you would find today's movies will look just as racist. what viewers should appreciate about this film is the talent of waters and the pint-sized sammy davis jr., who out taps his contemporary, shirley temple, and looks remarkably the same facially as he did as an adult. everyone involved in this film clearly had a lot of fun making it. why not enjoy it for what it is, instead of what you think it should have been?

given the opposite circumstance of 2009 where the reality is we do have a black president, this movie takes on quite a powerful historical significance. for entertainment value i found this movie to be both engaging and repugnant. i was quite taken back of course by the blatant racism of the time, but also found the music and dancing incredible. also it is quite cool to see sammy davis jr as such a very young child actor. he plays rufus jones, a young boy who is being consoled by his mammy. he is told 'why some day you could be president'. this was so ridiculous in 1933 that it was mocked and thought to be endearing, charming and funny. the bulk of the movie is a fantasy sequence of what the government would be like if it was run by a black man. they depict the seats of government as being like a revivalist baptist church.the fact was when i stumbled onto this movie one day it drew me in. it is really well done and very entertaining. i believe if we can look beyond the racism we can see this movie for all it brings us. in fact to realize that it is not only not ridiculous to have a black president, but that it is normal, just makes this movie that much more relevant. it clearly marks a moment in time for our collective consciousness.

sandra bernhard is quite a character, and certainly one of the funniest women on earth. she began as a stand-up comedienne in the 1970s, but her big break came in 1983 when she starred opposite jerry lewis and robert de niro in scorsese's underrated masterpiece, "the king of comedy". her film career never quite took off, though. she did make a couple of odd but entertaining pictures, such as "dallas doll" (1994) or "dinner rush" (2000), but the most amazing parts were those she created for herself."without you i'm nothing" is undoubtedly her best effort. it's an adaptation of her smash-hit off-broadway show which made her a superstar  and madonna's best friend for about four years. in ten perfectly choreographed and staged scenes, sandra turns from nina simone to diana ross, talks about her childhood, andy warhol and san francisco and performs songs made famous by burt bacharach, prince, or sylvester. director john boskovich got sandra to do a 90-minute tour-de-force performance that's both sexy and uniquely funny. if you are a bernhard fan, you can't miss out this film; it's a tribute as well to her (weird) beauty as to her extremely unconventional talent as a comedienne. and it has influenced filmmakers in their work  "hedwig and the angry inch", for instance, would look a lot different if "without you i'm nothing" didn't exist.

at the time i recall being quite startled and amused by this movie. i referred to it as the most important movie i'd seen in ten years, and found myself bumping into people who said similar things. bernhard has an unusually perceptive behavioral notebook. and she has shaped the bitter adolescent personality that we all had, into a corrosive, adult world-view. the two together provide a startling mix which may be too edgy for some viewers. (hi skip. i wish you weren't my brother so i could **** you!) bernhards search for herself after returning to la from new york, results in the immersive trying-on of various personas (all of which fit poorly) for our amusement, but enough of them involve acting out to appeal to a "black imperative" values system that the real barometer of her resituation is whether black culture accepts her. (it's been a while. nina simone comes to mind. and she has an impressive, solidly-built black lover in the movie) a pretty black girl attends the shows, and seems to be authorizing sandra's faux-blackness, but ultimately rejects her.just as catholics deem themselves lucky to suffer for christ, here sandra depicts herself suffering at the hands of a black culture in which she craves a place; as if she cherishes her worthiness and her rejection. it's the only value system implicated in the films world, outside of bernhards arty confusion.for a nation whose chief issues are racism and money, it's refreshing to see one of the 2 topics dealt with in an atypical way.

this is one of those unfortunate films that suffered an even more sad, unfortunate death at the box office. i saw this film at a local art cinema,in revival form,shortly after it tanked in mainstream cinemas. it certainly deserves to be approached a second time (or even a third). sandra b. takes it to the limit by doing spoken word & taking on some well known songs in this piece (her version of hank william's 'i'm so lonesome i could cry' could easily move you to tears). maybe someday, audiences will be ready to take this film a bit more seriously (but not without some well placed laughs,too). the film moves at a brisk pace (thanks to some nice editing),so that some viewers will not find it stale & boring. perhaps a revival is just down the pipeline.

did sandra (yes, she must have) know we would still be here for her some nine years later?see it if you haven't, again if you have; see her live while you can.

if you ever have the chance to see sandra bernhard live in person, you better move on it sweetie. i saw her last year in los angeles at the opening of her everything bad and beautiful tour and i still can't believe that i was in the first row, and lucky enough to experience such a phenomenal show. she is now in new york with the show and it coincides with the release of her groundbreaking stunner, "without you i'm nothing". we have lost richard pryor, lenny bruce, nina simone, but sandra is still with us. patti smith is missing in action, but not sandra. barbara streisand continues to peep her head out once in awhile but sandra more than makes up for where babs leaves off. okay, i want it known, ms. bernhard is a little of these influential entertainers and more. i really wanted to push this film because of its truth, honesty, humor, eclectic songs (ranging from laura nyro, sylvester, nina simone, prince), and a script that defines the decadence, joy, sadness, ups and downs of the 70's and 80's. it is my opinion that many (and i mean, many) comics have lifted, okay outright stolen, so much from this show if not from sandra herself. i won't name names but come on, people, you and i know who they are. see, the thing is, bernhard plays by her own rules. this movie shows, as does her live performances, that she is a performer who has stayed true to the old school of show business, as well as pushing forward. her performances are reminiscent of smoky jazz clubs (during the time of miles davis,coltrane,monk), 70's tv shows, intimate cabaret acts and concerts that are reminiscent of everyone from judy garland to joan jett. most comedians couldn't even touch where sandra is coming from or going to. so, here i was, a year ago, watching sandra at the silent movie theater, in total awe and joy. i wanted to meet her after the show, give her something that meant something to me, that, hopefully would mean something to her. but i listen to my copy of giving til it hurts, and just thank her in a prayer, of sorts for making me laugh, making me think, making me feel. you can't deny this lady's presence and you certainly cannot deny the talent that just rushes from the stage. she's still here, damn it, even after the release of without you i'm nothing, some 15 years ago. and she looks great, by the way. i know this firsthand, walking from the theater one audience member said to another, "she is so funny..and she still looks incredible!!! if you can't experience her live yet, please see this movie. as for me, i do hope that sandra will see this. you've meant a heck of a lot to me, gotten me through some tough crazy times. if you can send me an email, please do. if not, knowing that you are still kicking it out and will continue to do so, is enough for me. come on, people, give it up for the lady!!!!

well, this might be one of the funniest movies of all time, and sandy gives a tour-de-force performance! alas, her career never quite took off, but - at last - she will always be remembered for her three first-rate pictures: "the king of comedy", "dallas doll", and "without you i'm nothing". she dons into different personas from new york socialite to diana ross to create a biting and hilarious critique of popular culture in america. sexy and fierce, tender and sensual, philosophical and melancholic, she convinces the audience in every scene, and she actually is "really pretty". watch this one (if you're not from iowa), you'll certainly enjoy it!!

sandra bernhard's without you i'm nothing, the movie released in 1990, followed on the heels of her 1988 off-broadway stage production ... what she and others refer to in the movie as her "smash-hit one-woman show."there were several changes in monologues and one-liners, and the movie version visually re-vamps the story, taking sandra from a fabulous existence as a successful stage performer in new york, during what she calls her "superstar summer," to an illusory, almost desperate existence back in her home in los angeles - her fictional manager in the film refers to it as getting sandra back "to her roots, to ... upscale supper clubs like the parisian room."there's a point to be made here. sandra tries to appeal her liberal worldview and her sometimes harsh critique of american pop culture to an audience that doesn't completely see it. in l.a. she's playing to a predominantly black audience, trying to relate her ideas when all these people seem to want is "shashonna," a madonna-look-alike stripper. and even then, with shashonna dancing to drum beats that resemble those from "like a virgin," there's not much to be said for the audience's enjoyment of the show. the scene in the club throughout the movie is dryer than a bone. a funny scene to catch is of a rotund man from the audience helping shashonna out of her pants.but, if she's going down, sandra's doing so with style and force, conveying everything from foul confidence to punctured vulnerability ... right to the point at which she's naked (literally), pleading for acceptance and yet somehow still swimming in the pool of her own transparent stardom. her depictions of interactions with the likes of calvin klein, jerry lewis, bianca jagger, ralph lauren and (what we're lead to believe is) warren beatty are fictional and hilarious.sandra begins her show in her most awkward moment, performing a quiet but mystifying rendition of nina simone's song "four women" while dressed in a mufti and other african garb, singing lines such as "my skin is black," "my hair is wooly," and "they call me sweet thing."she resurrects and celebrates the ghosts of underworld art in a tremendously funny description of the frenzied estate auction for andy warhol: "leave it to andy to have the wisdom and sensitivity into the hours and hours of toil and labor that went into the indian product ... that they've been so lucky to cash in on this whole santa fe thing happening."she expounds on the excessiveness of hollywood, consoling a distraught friend then admonishing him, saying "mister, if this is about ishtar, i'm getting up right now and walking out of your life forever because that's too self-indulgent even for me!"sandra illustrates the expectations of women in the age of feminism. dressed as a cosmo girl, sandra retells her young-girl fantasy to become an executive secretary and marry her boss. she eventually concludes in relief, "i'll never be a statistic, not me. i'm under 35, and i'm going to be married!"sandra extols the opening of sexuality in society: "when he touches you in the night, does it feel all right, or does it feel real? i say it feels real... mighty real."finally, she cries for change in progressive american society by channeling disco greats patrick cowley and sylvester and proclaiming, "eventually everyone will funk!"all this comes in the form of glitzy, schmaltzy but wonderful cabaret performances of songs written and originated by billy paul, burt bacharach, hank williams and laura nyro, to name a few. at the same time, the idealized, fictional incarnation of sandra -- her self-generated mirror image -- floats around town, a beautiful black model with flowing gowns and tight bustiers reading the kabala, studying chemistry and listening to nwa rap music.in without you i'm nothing, sandra bernhard explores emotions and existences that, up until then, she'd only toyed with as a regular guest on late night with david letterman. her almost child-like enthusiasm for shock, exhibited throughout the '80s, is thrown aside in the face of a subtler allure, and her confidence in the face of materialism and american celebrity proves refreshing. this approach to comedy would change sandra's direction forever and mark the more mature, more personable entertainer to come.if you like subtle humor to the point of engaging in inside jokes about glamour, celebrity, sex, loneliness, despair and shallow expressions of love and kinship, this movie will keep you in stitches. it may not be meant to be funny across the board. perhaps it's a bit unsettling or even maudlin for some. but consider the emptiness of the world sandra paints for you, and you'll understand just how funny and brilliant she really is.but see without you i'm nothing with a friend "in the know" because it's definitely funnier that way. before you know it, the two of you will be trading sandra barbs and confusing the hell out of everyone else.

low budget brit pop melodrama focuses on a girl who wants to be a star, becomes one and then finds it all a bit too much. good cast and a sense of time and place cannot hide the fact that we have all been here before. several scenes are a bit hysterical and o'connor's voice sounds a lot like mini mouse! she disappeared from sight soon after making this movie - so life can imitated art! a must see if you want to see a punk version of a star is born though.

i acquired this, one of my all-time favourite films on dvd recently and as usual, during viewing, the whole thing just blew me away.i am a massive fan of hazel o'connor and the soundtrack to this film just has me in tears, especially the "will you" track. it's a pure nostalgia trip for me back to my youth. this rates second best to quadrophenia (which also starred phil daniels).a great soundtrack and a great view of britain in the thatcherite years of the grim 80's in which i grew up. the ending is so sad, for hours after the end of the film i am like a blubbering baby.i expect to wear out this dvd from repeated viewing, i can watch it over and over again and never be bored, simply for the soundtrack alone.hazel, sorry to hear about your dad darling. god bless you all. xx

anyone interested in pop music, and not familiar with british music trends of the late-seventies, should be sure to watch breaking glass at least once. the movie, about a young woman's quest to make her mark in the music world, captures the times perfectly, from the overt sexism, rough economic times, social upheaval, to the shift in pop culture from rough-and-tumble punk to terribly fey and pretentious futurism/new romanticism. the music and fashion styles created daily in britain in the late-seventies are still being rediscovered and recycled (there really has been nothing new since 1980). this was a dazzling time, and breaking glass both tells a very personal story and surveys the cultural landscape, and does both extremely well.

i first saw "breaking glass" when it was released in england in 1980..i loved it then and having just caught it in august 2005 on a canadian station it still is great. the only thing i regret is i can't find the sound track or the dvd in the stores??...anyone care to shed some light or must i order it from some over priced internet company. but getting back to the film the music stands up to the test of time, hazel/kate had something to say about 80's britain..actually it was the same decade i moved to canada for some of the same reasons one being "thatcher" and what she was doing to the country at the time. please if you get the chance watch this movie you won't be sorry!

one of my best films ever, maybe because i was well into the punk scene in the late 70s and went to many of hazels concerts, but the film was a good story line and very good acting by hazel and a up and coming phil daniels not sure about his latest project eastenders !! excellent performance by lots of unknown actors who if you keep your eyes peeled will see them in many of the uk soaps today exp: carver out of the bill, the more i watch it the more of them i spot, well if you have not seen it yet have a night in with the video, don't forget to dig out the safety pin for your nose and heavy black eye makeup and shave your head mochanian style....enjoy

i first saw "breaking glass" in 1980, and thought that it would be one of the "movie classics". this film is a great look into the music industry with a great cast of performers. this is one film that should be in the collection of everyone and any one that wants to get into the music industry. i can't wait for it to be available on dvd.

breaking glass is a film that everyone aspiring to be in the music industry should see more than once. it is a very dark tale about the way a record company manipulates a singer to do things their way and to make as much money out of her as possible. looking at some of today's 'search for a star' style tv shows on both in the uk and abroad i am always reminded of this film. though not an expert on the subject, the winners of these shows tend to have one very big initial hit and then its downhill from there. this film predates these shows though the effect seems the same. after getting rid of her manager, played quite brilliantly by phil daniels, slowly but surely the record company changes her lyrics puts her on stimulants and she is eventually totally burnt out. you potential stars of tomorrow.... watch this and beware !!!

i first saw the film when it landed on us cable a year after it came out. it blew my little head away, i was only 16 and it was the first new wave music i'd heard, having been a strictly folky, classical kid growing up. the music mesmerized me, as did hazel o'connor's amazing look and charismatic vocal performances, and phil daniels' tough but soft cockney manager just stole my heart. but i think my favorite character was jonathan pryce's drugged out sax player. he was so out of place in the band and so harmless and pathetic, he just begged for sympathy. favorite scenes, the performance when the lights went out, and the love scene on the train.okay, so the movie isn't the rose! but it was really excellent for its limited budget and for its portrayal of the britain of the early 80's, exploding with rebellious youth, looking for a way out of the dole queue. i went to britain only a couple of years later and found the movie to have been very reflective of the atmosphere i found when i was there.if you get a chance to, see it. it is a great movie, with some wonderful performances, and the music will blow you away.

although the word megalmania is used a lot to describe gene kelly, and sometimes his dancing is way too stiff, you have to admit the guy knows how to put on a show. in american in paris, he choreographs some outstanding numbers, some which stall the plot, but are nonetheless amazing to look at. (check out gene kelly's "getting out of bed routine" for starters)gene kelly stars as a gi who is based out of paris, he stayed there to paint, soon he is a rich woman's gigolo, but he really loves someone else! hoary story sure, but the musical numbers save the show here! i really loved georges gu¨¦tary's voice work in this one. his 'stairway to paradise' and his duet with le gene on 's wonderful' is 's marvelous'. oscar levant and leslie caron i can take or leave. all in all, a pretty good, but not dynamite movie.

the best part of an american in paris is the lengthy ballet sequence at the end, where gene kelly and leslie caron are the living personification of several major painters. kelly has earlier been established as a pavement artist in paris, so the sequence is the logical ending to a musical bursting with life and energy, gershwin tunes, and cast members like georges guetary and oscar levant. kelly was at his best here - it's a little different to singin' in the rain, and the effect of all the film as one topped with the ballet gives it a definite wow factor. no wonder the sequence ended 'that's entertainment' after all other mgm musical highlights had gone by!

what makes for best picture material? the oscars have come in for a lot of stick for rewarding overblown spectacles that have aged poorly, and ignoring the "auteurs" who would be deified in decades to come. it wasn't because hollywood was against art or creativity. the academy awards are the selections made by the industry itself, and that is why, at least in the classic era, they tended to reward the greatest collaborations, the most sensational meetings of creative minds.the arthur freed unit at mgm had been bound for oscar-winning glory for several years by this point; it was only a matter of time before freed, aided by his strongest director vincente minnelli and some the finest musical stars in the business, would land a best picture. freed had arguably done more to raise the status of the musical than anyone else, crafting pictures which wove story and song together without losing the dynamic spectacle of the 30s musicals. the point about freed musicals, is that the lyrics of the songs, unlike those of hammerstein or lerner, don't have to tell or even relate to the stories. what's important is that the tone of the song and the way it is presented fit into the structure of the film.an american in paris was the first of three freed musicals (the other two being singin' in the rain and the band wagon) which took existing classic numbers out of their original context and made them work in a completely unrelated story. the words don't fit the plot, but the routines fit the show. so, when gene kelly sings i got rhythm, he hasn't even got a girl yet, but the way it's done with the french kids joining in is a great bit of characterisation, and the upbeat tune and dance gives the movie the little lift it needs at this point. an american in paris also uses the rule-breaking allowed in the genre to add little unconventional flights of fancy to tell the story, such as the series of dances which accompany the description of leslie caron's character.and what better director for this project than minnelli, himself a painter and a pianist? at this time there wasn't really anyone who had a better feel for technicolor. while some directors would saturate each scene in one colour or fill the screen with clashing shades, minnelli's colour schemes are tightly controlled but never look forced. in the opening scenes the tones are fairly muted, but not drab, and in particular there is an absence of red. during oscar levant and georges guetary's meeting in the café, a few more vibrant shades are introduced. then, during the first musical number, "by strauss" minnelli gradually brings in splashes of red  a table cloth, a bunch of roses  until it eventually dominates, as if the song has awoken the picture's colour scheme. for most of the songs, the colours are choreographed as intricately as the people. however, in some numbers, such as "tra-la-la" he keeps the shades the same and instead opens out the space as the song swells up and the characters become more animated.the achilles' heel of an american in paris is its story. i personally find the romantic angle particularly unpalatable, playing as it does like a last hurrah for the misogynistic love stories that reigned supreme in the 30s; the headstrong, independent woman gets rejected while the meek, delicate girl is harassed into loving the hero. even if you don't mind that, it is difficult to connect emotionally with the story because it is constantly overshadowed by the songs and dances. compare this to singin' in the rain, which doesn't really have as many great routines or memorable set-pieces as an american in paris, but it has a winning storyline. singin' in the rain was overlooked at the 1952 oscars, yet it is regarded as a classic of the genre today. but i think people sometimes forget that cinema is an all-encompassing form of visual entertainment, not just a means of telling a story. an american in paris is not deep or engaging or tear-jerking but, like a certain demille picture that won the top award the following year, it certainly is a great show.

this is a fine musical with a timeless score by one of my favorite composers (gershwin) and a nice 'parisien' atmosphere which gives the movie a lot of charm, but in terms of a story.. well it's not really there. or at least, not very well worked out. the acting is also not so smooth by caron. but i liked some of the dialogues, i liked the scene at the seine, i liked the character played by levant, the colors; and the dancing of course, which is quite magnificent.a 7.5 - 8 seems on the dot to me.

the dazzling seventeen-minute dance sequence of george gershwin's 1928 orchestral piece, "an american in paris", is an indisputable masterwork. choreographed with precision and unparalleled flair by gene kelly, the vibrant combination of color, music and dance is still eye-poppingly startling as the piece is broken down into scenes inspired by selected master artists - dufy in the opening place de la concorde piece, manet in the flower market, utrillo in a paris street, rousseau at the fair, vincent van gogh in the spectacular place de l'opera piece, and toulouse-lautrec for the moulin rouge where kelly wears his famous white bodysuit. the 97 minutes that precede this finale are not as exciting, not by a long shot, but there are certain charms to be had in viewing the entire 1951 oscar-winning musical.director vincente minnelli and screenwriter alan jay lerner have fashioned a surprisingly sophisticated if rather slight romantic story focused on jerry mulligan, a former g.i. who has remained in paris after the end of wwii trying to make a living as a painter. with his braggadocio manner and athletic dancing style, gene kelly can be concurrently ingratiating and irritating as a screen personality, but he seems to find his oeuvre as the carefree jerry. the love-triangle plot is focused on jerry's involvement with milo roberts, a self-proclaimed art patron but a sexual predator when it comes to young artists. on their first date in a crowded montmartre nightclub, jerry unapologetically falls for lise, a young woman who turns out to be the fiancée of henri, a professional entertainer and friend of jerry's pal, adam, an out-of-work concert pianist. romantic complications ensue until the inevitable ending but not before several classic gershwin songs are performed.the best of these is the most imitated - a swooningly romantic song and dance to "our love is here to stay" along a faux-seine river in a blue hazy mist with yellow fog lights. the way kelly and leslie caron circle each other is transcendent as they approach each other tentatively at first and then synchronize beautifully to the music leading to the final clinch. few films have so elegantly and succinctly shown two people falling in love. "i got rhythm" and "s'wonderful" spotlight kelly's nimble tap-dancing and agreeable singing, while "embraceable you" is danced impressively by caron in a five-scene montage of henri's all-over-the-map description of lise to adam. designed to show off caron's dancing versatility, the sequence is similar to the one in "on the town" where vera-ellen showed off her considerable dancing skills when kelly's sailor character described his multi-faceted vision of miss turnstiles.as lise, the nineteen year-old caron (in her first film) dances superbly throughout and handles her role with unformed charm with her acting talent not to bloom for several years. looking quite glamorous, nina foch plays older as the manipulative milo and manages to be likable enough for us to care about her fate, while oscar levant is just his sardonic self as adam. performing an elegant "i'll build a stairway to paradise", george guétary plays henri so agreeably that you feel bad that he does lose the girl at the end. this is not the best all-around mgm musical, but there is certainly enough movie magic to make this quite worthwhile. the 2000 dvd contains a fairly pristine print but little else in terms of extras.

this is your typical cheerful and colorful mgm musical from the early '50's and it's definitely on of the better ones to watch out there.the movie got directed by the genre expert vincente minnelli and stars gene kelly in the main lead. both did quite a few movies together back in those days, of which this one is probably their best known one. the movie itself actually managed to win the best picture oscar over the year, which meant it beat out movies such as "a place in the sun", "a streetcar named desire", "the african queen", "quo vadis", "the blue veil", "death of a salesman" that year. a real accomplishment of course but at the same time also a bit too much credit for this delightful, bright and entertaining movie.when you watch this movie you surely will be entertained by it all, which is also thanks to the movie its beautiful color look and the many nice characters within this movie. the musical numbers are also all nicely done, which is no big surprise when you have people such as vincente minnelli and gene kelly at work. but really, couldn't had everything that got told in this movie been done in halve an hour less or so? i mean, we already know where the movie is heading to but yet it manages to stretch it out all for as long as possible. not that it makes the movie drag in any parts, it just makes it a bit overlong. the movie could had also definitely been done with a few less musical numbers in it.one of the better mgm musicals, that is not without its flaws though.8/10

an american in paris is an integrated musical, meaning that the songs and dances blend perfectly with the story. the film was inspired by the 1928 orchestral composition by george gershwin. the story of the film is interspersed with show-stopping dance numbers choreographed by gene kelly and set to popular gershwin tunes. songs and music include "i got rhythm," "'s wonderful," and "our love is here to stay". it set a new standard for the subgenre known as the "songbook" musical with dozens of gershwin tunes buried in the underscore. the climax is "the american in paris" ballet, an 18 minute dance featuring kelly and caron set to gershwin's an american in paris, featuring an impressionistic period daydream in the style of various painters, is one of the longest uninterrupted dance sequences of any hollywood film. the ballet alone cost more than half a million dollars, a staggering sum at the time.it's funny to think of such a work of art being born over a pool game between film producer arthur freed (singin' in the rain, wizard of oz, on the town, meet me in st. louis and the band wagon) and ira gershwin. it was freed's idea to buy the title so he could use if in a film about paris and gershwin's idea that it would only use gershwin music.original cast was to have cyd charisse but she discovered she was pregnant before shooting began. a major reason gene kelly suggested leslie caron as the female lead was because he felt this movie needed a "real" french girl playing lise, not just an american actress playing one. gene kelly discovered leslie caron while vacationing in paris where he saw her perform in a ballet. when she got the call to audition, she said, "who's gene kelly?" according to leslie caron, her introductory dance sequence, which included a seductive dance with a chair, was considered too suggestive by some censors. gene kelly directed the brief fantasy dance sequences shown as lise is introduced.vincente minnelli first wanted maurice chevalier in the georges guétary part, and 'celeste holm' in the 'nina foch' part.minnelli was a groundbreaking director of musicals with meet me in st. louis (1944), an american in paris, and the band wagon (1953). he used color and songs in ways they hadn't been used before. he used space and time imaginatively. best of all, though, he allowed himself to cut loose for the long ballet sequences that end all his movies. the ballet in an american in paris may be his best work.even though vincente minnelli is credited as the sole director, he was sometimes tied up with his divorce from judy garland and other directing projects, leaving gene kelly to take over the directing duties.other highlights include guetary's rendition of "stairway to paradise"; oscar levant's fantasy of conducting and performing gershwin's "concerto in f" (see why it was oscar levant's favorite.)the ballet sequence, now that we know it was successful everybody now wants to take credit for it, freed, minnelli, kelly but before the film was completed the new york office of mgm said no to spending a half million dollars on a ballet. so freed went to studio head louis b. mayer himself and got him to agree, new york said no. finally gene kelly showed the new york office how a british film, the red shoes used a long ballet sequence and that film became a world wide hit  and is still considered today the premium example of a successful art film. well the financial guys finally gave in and signed the checks.there was a break in production after 1 november 1950, at which point gene kelly began rehearsing the ballet choreography. by the time production for that final sequence resumed on 6 december, vincente minnelli had finished directing another film - father's little dividend (1951).irene sharaff designed a style for each of the ballet sequence sets, reflecting various french impressionist painters: 'raoul dufy' (the place de la concorde), edouard manet (the flower market), maurice utrillo (a paris street), henri rousseau (the fair), 'vincent van gogh' (the place de l'opera), and henri de toulouse-lautrec (the moulin rouge). the backgrounds took six weeks to build, with 30 painters working nonstop.roger ebert said after viewing the recent restoration, "an american in paris has many qualities, not least its famous ballet production number, with kelly and leslie caron symbolizing the entire story of their courtship in dance." an american in paris is often compared to singin' in the rain as to which it the greatest musical ever made, and one critic put it best when he said, "singin' in the rain makes me happy and an american in paris makes me feel good." the ballet represents kelly's fantasies as depicted by the great french artists (renoir, rousseau, lautrec, dufy) he admires. arranging a screening for the then ailing raoul dufy, the actor and producer ducked out until the end credits. there, relieved, they found the artist, moved to tears, requesting a second helping of the sumptuous finale.the film was also the first to win a golden globe award for best motion picture (comedy or musical.)gene kelly received an honorary academy award that year for "his versatility as an actor, singer, director and dancer, and specifically for his brilliant achievements in the art of choreography on film." it was his only oscar.

an american in paris is a wonderful musical about an american painter living in paris for inspiration. he meets a rich woman who admires his paintings on the street and she believes she can get his work to be even more popular to the public, e.g. in a museum. golden globe nominated gene kelly as the artist jerry mulligan is just perfect at both singing and especially dancing. he also meets the main girl lise bouvier (leslie caron) who is engaged to his best friend. he can't help his feelings for this girl, even after he finds out who she is engaged to. filled with nice romance and wonderful song and dance, this is a very good musical film. it may drag slightly with his dancing dream sequence, i.e. the american in paris ballet, but there is a good happy ending. it won the oscars for best art direction-set decoration, best cinematography, best costume design, best music, scoring of a musical picture, best writing, story and screenplay and best picture, and it was nominated for best director for vincente minnelli and best film editing, it was nominated the bafta for best film from any source, and it won the golden globe for best motion picture - musical/comedy, and it was nominated for best director for vincente millenni (liza's father). gene kelly was number 66 on the 100 movie stars, and he was number 15 on 100 years, 100 stars - men, "i got rhythm" was number 32 on 100 years, 100 songs, the film was number 9 on 100 years of musicals, it was number 39 on 100 years, 100 passions, it was number 68 on 100 years, 100 movies, and it was number 58 on the 100 greatest musicals. very good!

if i remember, ira gershwin, the lyricist and brother of george, offered the gershwin catalog for this film and it was snapped up by the producers. in many respects, it was a typical 50's movie musical by the freed unit at mgm and directed by vincente minelli with a lot of help from gene kelly.the gershwins were, of course, among the greatest of all broadway musical teams but, in my opinion, george himself was among the greatest of all american composers, period!!! gene kelly was, of course, one of the two greatest male dancers of the movie musical (one guess as to the other?) and i don't imagine his casting was ever in doubt. but, i think the rest of the cast needs some explanation: oscar levant was a noted personality in his time and, as an actual friend of george gershwin, he had to be in this film. he was a talented pianist and even a moderately talented composer as well as a noted neurotic and hypochondriac and here, as always, he plays himself.leslie caron was an unknown at this time and she was of the french "gamin" type. a talented dancer, she was never a real beauty. george guétary who plays the part of maurice chavalier, oops, i mean henri baurel, was greek and not french but he certainly is more than ok as a french boulevardier even if a little too young for the part.gene's hoofer's voice is serviceable here but guétary has much the better vocal equipment. though gene was better cast elsewhere as, obviously, in "singin' in the rain" where his character is much more calculating, even here he shows himself to be something of a heel at times (he was, not for nothing, cast as the original heel joey in pal joey, the broadway musical.) i was not so enchanted with his "i got rhythm" scene with the children which does not appear as spontaneous as was intended in my opinion.i also found nina foch's character milo to be rather irritating.but the highlight of the film is obviously the lengthy ballet at the end of the film based on the title music with sets and costumes in the styles of the great french impressionist painters.i found it difficult to believe gene and oscar, as struggling artists, and i don't think the musical numbers are as well set up as they might be but, on balance, the gershwin music is very well served in this film.the dvd is well-done with fine clear graphics (when they are supposed to be) and the mono sound is good but a trifle shallow.

... oxford, mississippi, at least. okay, the paris we get is paris, culver city apart from the establishing library footage of the real mccoy but it is paris in spirit than which nothing, nowhere, is better. okay, kelly is no astaire but then who is and caron is no hepburn, ditto but alan lerner is light years ahead of the vastly overrated comden and green who scripted kelly's other 'big' 50s musical singin' in the rain (a curious replication of lyricists writing screenplays featuring songs by other lyricists and just to balance things the gershwin numbers are far superior to the arthur freed/nacio herb brown numbers so alan lerner didn't have to feel too outclassed). the story needn't detain us any more than the anomalies -kelly hasn't got change of a match and is a painter, i.e. bohemian, yet he is able to scare up a perfectly good suit at a few hours notice when foch invites him to dinner at her hotel; in the well-documented love is here to stay sequence the lovers are strangely unmolested by passers-by, other lovers and the bridge in the background is totally free of both pedestrian and vehicular traffic - this is, after all, a feelgood musical so it stands or falls by the score and in this case it stands four square. as feel good musicals go it's definitely in the top 10.

the story and music (george gershwin!) are wonderful, as are levant, guetary, foch, and, of course, kelly. one thing's missing, and that thing is a good leading lady. i'm sorry, leslie caron bothers me. anyway, despite her, the plot moves along nicely with the famous (and deservedly so) ballet. oh the colours, the dazzling reds, blues, greens, and yellows. musn't forget the beiges as well. ; ) i just adore the contrast between the beaux arts ball (completely black and white costumes) and the ever-so-brilliant ballet.so i suppose what i'm trying to say is this: please, by all means see it, and enjoy it, because though it isn't the best, it is marvelous. but be sure not to forget that other gene kelly musical with the 20 year old girl that was catapulted to stardom just afterward.

an american in paris is a showcase of gene kelly. watch as gene sings, acts and dances his way through paris in any number of situations. some purely majestic, others pure corn. one can imagine just what kelly was made of as he made this film only a year before "singin' in the rain". he is definately one of the all time greats. it is interesting to look at the parallels between the two films, especially in kelly's characters, the only main difference being that one is based in paris, the other in l.a.some have said that leslie caron's acting was less than pure. perhaps cyd charisse, who was originally intended for the role could have done better, however caron is quite believable in the role and has chemistry with kelly. oscar levant's short role in this film gave it just what it needed, someone who doesn't look like gene kelly. filling the role as the everyman isn't an easy task, yet levant did it with as much class as any other lead.the song and dance routines are all perfection. even the overlong ballet at the end of the film makes it a better film with it than without. seeing that there really wasn't much screen time to make such a loving relationship believable, minnelli used this sequence to make it seem as if you'd spent four hours with them. ingenious!i would have to rate this film up with singin' since it is very similar in story and song. singin' would barely get the nod because of debbie reynolds uplifting performance.full recommendation.8/10 stars.

paris is the place to be to enjoy beautiful art and music, and to fall madly in love - as is the case in this film. boy meets girl, they fall in love, but something stands in their way of eternal happiness, the classic story.the wonderful music of george gerschwin complements the great dancing by gene kelly and leslie caron. "an american in paris" is a humorous, light-hearted, loving film well worth watching.8/10

uggh! i really wasn't that impressed by this film, though i must admit that it is technically well made. it does get a 7 for very high production values, but as for entertainment values, it is rather poor. in fact, i consider this one of the most overrated films of the 50s. it won the oscar for best picture, but the film is just boring at times with so much dancing and dancing and dancing. that's because unlike some musicals that have a reasonable number of songs along with a strong story and acting (such as meet me in st. louis), this movie is almost all singing and dancing. in fact, this film has about the longest song and dance number in history and if you aren't into this, the film will quickly bore you. give me more story! as a result, with overblown production numbers and a weak story, this film is like a steady diet of meringue--it just doesn't satisfy in the long run. to think...this is the film that beat out "a streetcar named desire" and "a place in the sun" for best picture! and, to make matters worse, "the african queen" and "ace in the hole" weren't even nominated in this category! even more amazing to me is that "ace in the hole" lost for best writing, screenplay to this film--even though "an american in paris" had hardly any story to speak of and was mostly driven by dance and song.

while the story is sweet, and the dancing and singing in the main part of the film are a joy, the uniqueness of the film (and what makes it a masterpiece) is the dream sequence. it features the combination of the highest form of truly american music (gershwin), the engaging beauty of french impressionistic art, kelly's enthralling choreography (including his rapturous "pas de deux d'amour", really a separate genre), with the most magnificent palette of color ever devised for the set. matching the surging music and the visual explosion with those dances was a true work of a creative genius and a great artist.

i dug out from my garage some old musicals and this is another one of my favorites. it was written by jay alan lerner and directed by vincent minelli. it won two academy awards for best picture of 1951 and best screenplay. the story of an american painter in paris who tries to make it big. nina foch is a sophisticated lady of means and is very interested in helping him, but soon finds she loves the guy. meanwhile gene kelly falls for lovely damsel, leslie caron. his main dancing partner, and i must say they are fantastic together on the floor and otherwise. famous french singer georges guietary sings, too. so if you like good smooth dancing and fun filled scenes filled with oscar levant's nimble piano fingers, the songs of george gershwyn will live on forever in this colorful gem. 8/10

released two years before i was born, this oscar-winning movie has it all - lavish technicolor sets and costumes, breathtaking cinematography, superb wall-to-wall gershwin music, superior choreography, a lighter-than-air screenplay, and great performances by kelly, levant, foch, guetary, and caron. hollywood doesn't make 'em like this anymore. definitely, this is my favorite movie of all time, a standard by which i judge all other films. enjoy, enjoy, enjoy!

timeless musical gem, with gene kelly in top form, stylish direction by vincente minnelli, and wonderful musical numbers. it is great entertainment from start to finish, one of those films that people watch with a smile and say "they don't make 'em like they used to!" but they never did quite make them like this. the climactic 25 minute musical sequence without any dialogue is among the most beautiful in film history. movie magic, clearly derived from the heart and soul of everyone involved. a must see!

i enjoyed this film. it was lighthearted, delightful, and very colorful. you can see that mgm was showing off technicolor. there are hardly any colors that do not appear in this film. every scene is packed full. the choreography was great. gene kelly is a wonder. he is so talented. the dance numbers in this film are all perfectly executed, and perfectly designed. he understands that the dances can tell the story as much as anything else. the last section of the film, the grand dance sequence, is very impressive. what makes this film very special is gershwin's music. few american composers have had a better gift for melody. i very much enjoy gershwin's music. it is enchanting. ira gershwin is definitely one of the greatest lyric writers. he is so witty and charming. this was a highly entertaining film.

okay, so the plot is on shaky ground. yeah, all right, so there are some randomly inserted song and/or dance sequences (for example: adam's concert and henri's stage act). and leslie caron can't really, um, you know... act.but somehow, 'an american in paris' manages to come through it all as a polished, first-rate musical--largely on the basis of gene kelly's incredible dancing talent and choreography, and the truckloads of charm he seems to be importing into each scene with caron. (he needs to, because she seems to have a... problem with emoting.) the most accomplished and technically awe-inspiring number in this musical is obviously the 16-minute ballet towards the end of the film. it's stunningly filmed, and kelly and caron dance beautifully. but my favourite number would have to be kelly's character singing 'i got rhythm' with a bunch of french school-children, then breaking into an array of american dances. it just goes to prove how you don't need special effects when you've got some real *talent*.not on the 'classics' level with 'singin' in the rain', but pretty high up there nonetheless. worth the watch!

i felt it necessary to respond to the comments posted on the front page of this film's page because some of it was slightly misinformative.originally i posted quotes from the original poster, but i wasn't sure if it was proper given that this is the "comments" index and not a message board (though we used to use 'em that way back before imdb added the film message boards) so i will edit this to make it unnecessary.well, first of all you may not be aware of this, but gene kelly first became famous for playing "pal joey" on broadway in the original production. when vincente minnelli decided to make a gershwin "panorama" film, he wanted kelly's character to be more sophisticated than the "goody two shoes" roles he had been playing in most his films (with the exception of "for me and my gal"). alan jay lerner was instructed to construct a new story set in paris based on the story of "pal joey". this gave kelly a chance to play his famous role from broadway even though warners had outbid mgm for the rights to "pal joey." in my opinion, the wb film "pal joey" is a wreck, though sinatra was suitable for the role, but other problems sunk the film (script changes and poor direction. ===================================================you complain that kelly's pictures are not well done, even citing your art education to prove the point. but you miss the fact that kelly's bad art was clearly designed to be bad, and it is necessary for the story/characters. the pictures are so bad, the audience knows that kelly isn't ready for an exhibition. even he knows it, though milo has sort of sugared him up to the point where he almost believes her. but it's important that the audience not be sitting there saying "but, he's a great artist, if he only had the chance!". you want the audience to be fully aware of his deficiencies.then you complain that he sabotages his interest in the show; again you are not understanding the structure of the story. he refuses because he doesn't want to feel like a gigolo, and because he knows he's not really ready for the exhibition. his enthusiasm for the exhibition is certainly not as great as "joey's" enthusiasm to "start a nightclub". but it serves the same function in the plot. remember, it's essential in "pal joey" (the play) that joey gives up his nightclub after he realizes that he doesn't deserve it. same with the art show. if kelly's paintings were actually good, it would undermine this whole point. ===================================================then you complain that caron and kelly have no "chemistry". i guess it's in the eye of the beholder. i agree, the chemistry between them is not as strong as it should be, but for me it was fine. compare it to even worse "forced" romances like the one between cary grant and sophia loren in "the pride and the passion". ====================================================when you say that the big dance finale has nothing to do with anything else in this film, it just shows that you haven't dug beneath the surface of the film into its symbolism. many elements in the dance sequence relate to the story and characters, and through the dance the plot is resolved through images and symbolism. it's about finding love, enjoying love, then losing love (he looks around and his love is gone). the movements of the symphony are constructed so that part of each dance scene mirrors a separate phase of parisian art and also a separate phase of their relationships. if you didn't' see that, it's not the movie's fault. it's certainly not a "load of crap". ==================================================

an american in paris was, in many ways, the ultimate mixture of art and hollywood musical. made at the height of mgm's powers as a musical powerhouse, the film features memorable music from the gershwins, who rightly have been called the 20th century's equivalent of beethoven and mozart. gene kelly was also at the height of his powers in this film, though it could be rightly argued that this movie was just the warm-up for his best work in singin' in the rain (1952). the two films are actually closely linked. aside from the arthur freed connection, the broadway melody segment in "rain" owes its existence to the incredible american in paris ballet sequence in this film. this might well have been the only time a dance number is specially mentioned in the opening credits of the film. and it deserved to be, as it showcases gene kelly's skills as a dancer and choreographer to their utmost degree.the film's cast is uniformly excellent. leslie caron, incredibly making her film debut, shows a maturity that makes you think she'd been making films for years. her introductory dance sequence, and later her work on the ballet, provides some surprisingly sexy moments rivalled in mgm musicals only by cyd charisse's work in singin' in the rain and the band wagon. oscar levant is hilarious as kelly's stoic pal, who gets two of the film's best moments: during the end party sequence (which i will not give away for anyone who hasn't seen the film), and one of the film's most memorable musical numbers which couples his incredible piano skills with state-of-the-art (for the time) special effects.less memorable are georges guetary as kelly's romantic rival, though he does get a few musical highlights, and nina foch as leslie caron's romantic rival. the may-december relationship between kelly's character and nina's reminded me of the same "kept man" relationship seen between george peppard and patricia neal in breakfast at tiffany's.there are a few elements of the film that made it less satisfying for me than singin' in the rain. the ballet, though lavish and well-produced, doesn't really fit with the rest of the movie. without giving away the plot, the ballet just happens, with no real rhyme or reason. and unlike the broadway melody sequence, it really doesn't have anything to do with the plot -- and in the best musicals, the songs always have some sort of raison d'etre. making matters worse is the ending of the film which happens immediately after the ballet. although the ending shouldn't be a surprise (this is an mgm musical, after all), i was hoping for a bit more ... movie after the ballet ended. it's as if director vincente minnelli felt that he couldn't follow the ballet with anything else. the film literally left me in the lurch.that negative aside, an american in paris rightly ranks alongside the best of hollywood's musicals. it doesn't quite reach the heights of singin' in the rain, but it comes close and it remains a testament to gene kelly's skills as one of the greatest dancers of all time.

i saw "an american in paris" on its first release when i was still at school and fell in love with it straightaway. i went back to see it again the next day and have lost count of the number of times i have seen it since, both in the cinema and on tv. it makes fantastic use of some of the best music and songs by the greatest popular composer of the twentieth century (george gershwin) and features the greatest male (gene kelly) and female (leslie caron) dancers in hollywood history. the supporting cast of oscar levant (as quirky as ever), georges guetary (why didn't he make more movies ?) and nina foch (brilliant in an unsympathetic role) are at the top of their form. the closing ballet, superbly choreographed to the title music, makes excellent use of the sights and sounds of paris and of the images of impressionist and post-impressionist artists. all the gershwin songs are beautifully staged, but the most memorable are "it's very clear" (caron and kelly on the banks of the seine) and "i got rhythm" (the kids of paris joining gene kelly in "une chanson americaine"). if you love paris, see this movie. if you've never been to paris in your life, see it. but see it !

gene kelly came up with some really grand ideas for musicals while with mgm. here he's at the top of his creative powers working with the arthur freed musical unit. hard to believe when you watch an american in paris that the players never left the back lot at mgm. the magic of an american in paris is due to the creative editing under the direction of vincent minnelli and the sets that mgm designed blended with some background establishing shots. the idea of the film originated with kelly who wanted simply to do a film with a lengthy ballet sequence involving george gershwin's tone poem an american in paris. it sounded good to arthur freed who approached ira gershwin who said fine with him as long as they used other gershwin material.gershwin got the kind of deal for gershwin music that irving berlin normally got. not one note of non-gershwin music is heard in an american in paris. listen to some of the background music and you will hear things like embraceable you and but not for me which are not real musical numbers.another guy who was a fair hand at writing lyrics, alan jay lerner, wrote the story which admittedly is a thin one. all about an ex-gi played by gene kelly who after world war ii never left france, just settled into an apartment on the left bank and proceeded to become a starving artist. he lives with eccentric composer oscar levant and does that ever sound like a redundancy. two women are interested in him. another expatriate american played by nina foch who wants to sponsor him as a painter if he'll reciprocate in other matters. but kelly falls for a shop girl played by leslie caron in her film debut. caron also has musical comedy star georges guetary interested in here.of course the plot is just an excuse to sing and dance to the music of george gershwin. an american in paris happens to be the first film i ever saw as an in flight movie on the first airplane trip i ever took. i still remember flying back from phoenix arizona to kennedy airport seeing gene kelly doing i've got rhythm. my favorite number in the film however is tra-la-la which kelly sings and dances all over the apartment with oscar levant playing the piano. at one point kelly dances on top of the baby grand piano.in a book about arthur freed, i read a quote where he said in the american in paris ballet sequence was to be done with the background of the french impressionists which he felt the public would take to rather than a realistic setting on the streets or back lot. so it happened that way. kelly had done lengthy ballet sequences in words and music, the pirate, and on the town. but this one topped them all. still does in my opinion and that includes some of gene kelly's later films.in a surprise upset at the oscars, an american in paris was chosen best picture for 1951, beating out the heavily favored a streetcar named desire. i guess fantasy trumped realism that year. big budgets also have an upper hand in these things as well.still an american in paris is one of the best movie musicals ever done and since the studios no longer have all that creative talent under one roof, something less likely to be repeated.

vincente minnelli directed some of the most celebrated entertainments in cinema history... he was among the first hollywood directors to show that a profound love of color, motion and music might produce intelligent entertainment... 'american in paris' is the story of an ex-gi who remains in france after the war to study and paint... he falls in love with a charming gamine lise bourvier... their romantic love affair sparkles as brightly as the city of lights itself... the whole movie brings a touch of french elegance where technique, artistic style and music all come together in perfect synchronism...the first musical sequence introduces the exciting personality of leslie caron in her screen debut... she is like a diamond, a touch of class... george guetary describes his fiancée ambiguous grace in a montage of different dance styles, sweet and shy, vivacious and modern, graceful and awesome... the number leads to an unpretentious bistro, where kelly and his very good friends in paris share a gentle parody of viennese waltzes... later kelly celebrates a popular tap dancing with a crowd of enthusiastic children singing with him 'i got rhythm,' and at the massive jazz nightclub kelly spots the girl of his dreams... he is instantly hit by her sparkling sapphire blue eyes, and only one clear thing is in his mind, to pull lize onto the dance floor and sing to her: "it's very clear, our love is here to stay."to the joyful 'tra-la-la,' kelly provides humor, wit and talent all around oscar levant's room ,and even on the top of his brown piano... when he meets his pretty cinderella along the seine river, kelly is swept away by his happy meeting with caron... he expresses all his emotions with 'our love is here to stay.' the piece had a definite nighttime feel as the two lovers were bathed in soft, blue smoky light... they start an enchanting dance-duet juxtaposing differing elements... caron dances with her head on his shoulder, then tries to run away in a fluid way... they move backward, away from each other, then pause to rush toward each other, for a little kiss, and a warm hug...the film's weakest numbers were those that bear little relation to the story... in one, georges guetary performs an entertaining stage show with showgirls in giant ornaments floating down to the stage... in another, oscar levant imagines himself conducting a concert, and playing not only a piano recital, but the other instruments as well... he even applauds to himself as members of the audience...the extravagant climactic super ballet of the film is quite an adventure, a breakthrough in taste, direction and design... it is a blaze of love, fury and vividness... it is kelly's major fantasy of his lost love and of his feeling about paris as viewed through the huge backdrops of some of france's most impressionist painters...the number starts at the beaux arts ball after kelly finds himself separated from lise, and begins a sketch with a black crayon... it gathers the important parts of the film's story through a constantly changing locations, all in the style of the painters who have influenced jerry... the tour, richly attractive and superbly atmospheric, includes the place de la concorde fountain, the madeleine flower market, the place de l'opéra, to his rendez-vous at montmartre, with the cancan dancers in a representation of lautrec's moulin rouge...kelly seems to defy the boundaries of his physical self... caron seems to dominate her space and sweeps you away to another time and place...nina foch appeared very attractive and elegant in her one-shouldered white gown... in one of the film's most famous lines, kelly asks her: 'that's quite a dress you almost have on. what holds it up?" nina, cleverly replies, "modesty!"'an american in paris' garnered six oscars, including an honorary award to gene kelly... the film gave us a wealth of memories to take home...

yes, a tap dancing horror thriller........with shelley and debbie! goody goody. this is demented and campy fun and part of the guignol cycle of the 60s that leaked into the 70s. released as a double feature with the burt reynolds comedy fuzz this mad scare is so bonkers as to be throughly entertaining. like a mix of day of the locust, the other and baby jane, i suggest any prospective viewer take on the idea that this is almost meant to be skew-iff and sit with someone with whom you can shriek and elbow all through it. actually, get drunk whilst you watch it.....on cheap champagne. again, with many 30s film ideas they are also about delusion; the struggle of the time for a better life getting bitter and twisted by emotional madness falling into murder. but this one is just plain crazy. it also reminds me a lot of bloody mama the de niro - winters shlock fest that makes this film look positively glorious.

i had watched (and recorded) this a few years back on local tv and, having been underwhelmed by it, i subsequently erased the tape; however, when it was released by mgm as part of a "midnite movie" double-feature dvd of curtis harrington/shelley winters films for a very affordable price, i couldn't resist giving it a second look (this has since gone out-of-print). actually, i received the dvd a few months ago but only now, with harrington's passing, did i get to it; thankfully, this time around i was more receptive to the film and, in fact, now consider it one of the more satisfying whatever happened to baby jane? (1962) imitations (with whom, incidentally, it shared screenwriter henry farrell).the film offers a splendid evocation of 1930s depression america - with its child-star craze and sensational murders (exploited during the fake newsreel opening); it's stylishly made (kudos to lucien ballard's cinematography and the set design by eugene lourie') and boasts an effective david raksin score. shelley winters, debbie reynolds and michael macliammoir deliver excellent performances; the latter is especially impressive as the larger-than-life and vaguely sinister diction coach (though he ultimately proves a mere red herring!). also featured are dennis weaver and agnes moorehead (hers is only a cameo, really, as the evangelist she plays is mostly heard over the radio).many seemed to regret the inclusion of musical numbers by the kids (including an amusing mae west imitation), but i personally wasn't bothered by them; the film does slightly overstay its welcome due to an unhurried pace and (perhaps needlessly) convoluted plot. reynolds - a musical star herself - is ideally cast as the dancing-school owner and, despite their on-set rivalry, she and winters work well together. the latter, in fact, gives a more balanced depiction of paranoia and insanity than in whoever slew auntie roo? (1971); the narrative, then, comes up with a number of ironic twists that lead up to the expected grand guignol-type denouement. apparently, the film was toned down (it originally contained more gore and even a suggestion of lesbianism!) by producer martin ransohoff - against harrington's wishes - in order to get a pg rating...

some of the background details of this story are based, very, very loosely, on real events of the era in which this was placed. the story combines some of the details of the famous leopold and loeb case along with a bit of aimee semple mcpherson.the story begins with two mothers (shelley winters and debbie reynolds) being hounded as they leave a courtroom. the crowd seems most intent on doing them bodily harm as their sons were just convicted of a heinous thrill crime. one person in the crowd apparently slashes winters' hand as they make their way to a waiting car.soon after they arrive home, they begin getting threatening phone calls, so reynolds suggests they both move to the west coast together and open a dance school. the dance school is s success and they cater to incredibly obnoxious parents who think their child is the next shirley temple. one of the parents of these spoiled kids is a multimillionaire who is quite smitten with reynolds and they begin dating. life appears very good. but, when the threatening phone calls begin again, winters responds by flipping out--behaving like she's nearing a psychotic break and she retreats further and further into religion--listening on the radio to 'sister alma' almost constantly. again and again, you see winters on edge and it ultimately culminates in very bad things!! i won't say more, as it might spoil this suspenseful and interesting film.in many ways, this film is a lot like the bette davis and joan crawford horror films of the 1960s like "whatever happened to baby jane?", "straight-jacket" and "the nanny". while none of these are exactly intellectual fare, on a kitsch level they are immensely entertaining and fun. the writing is very good and there are some nice twists near the end that make it all very exciting. winters is great as a fragile and demented lady and reynolds plays one of the sexiest 39 year-olds i've ever seen--plus she can really, really dance.my only concern about all this is that some might find winters' hyper-religiosity in the film a bit tacky--like a cheap attack on christianity. at first i felt that way, but when you meet sister alma, she seems sincere and is not mocked, so i took winters' religious zeal as just a sign of craziness--which, i assume, is all that was intended.by the way, this film is packaged along with "whoever slew auntie roo?"--another shelley winters horror film from 1971. both are great fun...and quite over-the-top!

the 1930s. classy, elegant adele (marvelously played with dignified resolve by debbie reynolds) and batty, frumpy helen (the magnificent shelley winters going full-tilt wacko with her customary histrionic panache) are the mothers of two killers. they leave their seamy pasts in the midwest behind and move to hollywood to start their own dance school for aspiring kid starlets. adele begins dating dashing millionaire lincoln palmer (the always fine dennis weaver). on the other hand, religious fanatic helen soon sinks into despair and madness.director curtis ("night tide," "ruby") harrington, working from a crafty script by henry farrell (who wrote the book "whatever happened to baby jane?" was based on and co-wrote the screenplay for "hush ... hush, sweet charlotte"), adeptly concocts a complex and compelling psychological horror thriller about guilt, fear, repression and religious fervor running dangerously amok. the super cast have a ball with their colorful roles: michael macliammoir as a pompous elocution teacher, agnes moorehead as a stern fire-and-brimstone radio evangelist, yvette vickers as a snippy, overbearing mother of a bratty wannabe child star, logan ramsey as a snoopy detective, and timothy carey as a creepy bum. an elaborate talent recital set piece with pamelyn ferdin (the voice of lucy in the "peanuts" tv cartoon specials) serving as emcee and original "friday the 13th" victim robbi morgan doing a wickedly bawdy dead-on mae west impression qualifies as a definite highlight. david raskin's spooky score, a fantastic scene with reynolds performing an incredible tango at a posh restaurant, the flavorsome depression-era period atmosphere, lucien ballard's handsome cinematography, and especially the startling macabre ending are all likewise on the money excellent and effective. mgm presents this terrific gem on a nifty dvd doublebill with "whoever slew auntie roo?;" both pictures are presented in crisp widescreen transfers along with their theatrical trailers.

well, here's another terrific example of awkward 70's film-making! the rudimentary premise of "what's the matter with helen?" is quite shocking and disturbing, but it's presented in such a stylish and sophisticated fashion! in the hands of any other movie crew, this certainly would have become a nasty and gritty exploitation tale, but with director curtis harrington ("whoever slew auntie roo?") and scriptwriter henry farrell ("hushhushsweet charlotte") in charge, it became a beautiful and almost enchanting mixture of themes and genres. the basic plot of the film is definitely horrific, but there's a lot more to experience, like love stories, a swinging 1930's atmosphere and a whole lot of singing and tap-dancing! the setting is unquestionably what makes this movie so unique. we're literally catapulted back to the 1930's, with a sublime depiction of that era's music, religion, theatrical business and wardrobes. following the long and exhausting trial that sentenced their sons to life-imprisonment for murder, adelle (debbie reynolds) and helen (shelley winters) flee to california and attempt to start a new life running a dance school for young talented girls. particularly adelle adapts herself perfectly to the new environment, as she falls in love with a local millionaire, but poor old helen continues to sink in a downwards spiral of insanity and paranoia. she only listens to the ramblings of a radio-evangelist, fears that she will be punished for the crimes her son committed and slowly develops violent tendencies. the script, although not entirely without flaws, is well written and the film is adequately paced. there's never a dull moment in "what's the matter with helen", although the singing, tap-dancing and tango sequences are quite extended and much unrelated to the actual plot. but the atmosphere is continuously ominous and the film definitely benefices from the terrific acting performance of shelley winters. she's downright scary as the unpredictable and introvert lady who's about to snap any second and, especially during the last ten minutes or so, she looks more petrifying than all the freddy kruegers, jason voorhees' and michael myers' combined! there are several terrific supportive characters who are, sadly, a little underdeveloped and robbed from their potential, like michéal macliammóir as the cocky elocution teacher, agnes moorehead as the creepy priestess and timothy carey as the obtrusive visitor to the ladies' house. there are a couple of surprisingly gruesome scenes and moments of genuine shock to enjoy for the grand guignol fanatics among us, but particularly the set pieces and costume designs (even nominated for an oscar!) are breathtaking.

- after their sons are sentenced to life in prison, adelle (debbie reynolds) and helen (shirley winters) begin receiving threatening phone calls because someone fells their sons got off easy. the pair decides to move to california to escape the publicity of the trial and to start a new life. they start a dance school that is soon very successful. one of the students has a rich unmarried father with whom adelle quickly falls in love. in the meantime, helen is busy raising rabbits and becoming a little too infatuated with an evangelist on the radio. it's only a mater of time before everything falls apart and the women enter a world of madness and murder.- i can't help but compare what's the matter with helen? to whoever slew auntie roo?, also starring shelly winters. where that movie seemed almost restrained in its presentation of auntie roo's madness, there's nothing holding helen back in this movie. it may take a good deal of the movie's running time, but once she snaps, helen is one bad mad mutha. you don't want to mess with her. winters is so delightfully demented that it was impossible for me not to enjoy her performance. i'm not going to spoil the movie, but the things helen is capable of are totally over-the-top.- as good as winters is, reynolds is totally ridiculous in her role as the gold-digging tap dancer. i got the impression that she thought she was in a movie that would get her nominated for some award. this ain't citizen kane! quit acting so serious. hey, debbie, don't you realize that you're main purpose is to be a victim of winters' insanity.- i just love these former-female-stars-in-the-twilight-of-their-career horror movies. what's the matter with helen? is as fun as any.

a vastly underrated black comedy, the finest in a series of grand guignol movies to follow 'baby jane'. reynolds and winters are mothers of young convicted murderers (a nod to 'compulsion') who run away to hide in hollywood. they run a school for would-be movie tots, a bunch of hilariously untalented kids attended by awful stage moms. debbie, in her blonde wig ('i'm a harlow, you're more a marion davies' she tells winters) leads the tots at their concert and wins a rich dad, weaver. she also does a deliciously funny tango and, over all, gives an outstanding performance, unlike anything she'd done before. the atmosphere is a fine mix of comic and eerie. it looks wonderful with great period detail (30's). lots of lovely swipes at hollywood and the terrifying movie tot. micheal macliammoir has a ball as the drama coach: 'hamilton starr', he purrs, 'two r's but prophetic nonetheless'. see it and love it.

from the writer of "what ever happened to baby jane?" and "hush .. hush, sweet charlotte," this tail-end of the sixties horror cycle has some eerie and campy fun. micheál macliammóir does a victor buono-type bit, but too often the movie totters dangerously close to a bad musical ... there's a particularly awful children's recital about halfway through. debbie taps, tangos and tricks up a lá harlow, while winters' religious fanatic has a lesbian edge to her. agnes moorehead checks in as an evangelist. weaver has nothing to do - and even has to pay a gigolo to dance with debbie.

the most bizarre of the cinematic sub-genres is the so called "the great ladies of the grand guignol": camp horror films which combined over-the-top melodrama with gothic thrills and always starred by seasoned and almost forgotten actress from hollywood golden age in unflattering roles of either long suffering victims or screeching evil harpies. this genre provided them with an unusual acting showcase that allowed strut their stuff on the screen once again and win new generations of fans at expense of their glamorous images from yesterday."what's the matter with helen" is the last drop of this sub-genre with stunning performances of both debbie reynolds and shelley winters as the troubled mothers of two convicted criminals who run away from their past to the sunny california in the 1930s to open a talent school to milk out the eagerly mothers who want their daughters to be the next shirley temple. in california, debbie gets happiness, clients, tango, tap dancing and a new love interest (dennis weaver meanwhile shelley gets wacko with horrible flashbacks, menacing anonymous calls, menacing strangers, menacing agnes moorehead as a radio evangelist, cute little rabbits (!) and an unfortunate encounter with an electric fan (ouch!).the sloppy script (penned by henry farrell, the man who started all this genre with "whatever happened to baby jane" along with master director robert aldrich, joan crawford and bette davis) is full of plot holes, red herrings and wasted opportunities that could had made this movie great: the underlying themes of twisted motherhood (with debbie and shelley's characters as "failed mothers" and the overbearing mommies of the child stars) and obsessive female bonding (debbie and shelley relationship and the fact that the few male characters of this movie are either sinister or sleazy even dennis weaver dream boat texan) are wasted. instead we get debbie reynolds musicals interludes and dancing tots, although fun to watch take too much screen time of what is supposedly to be a psychological chiller. but still this movie is highly entertaining. the two stars and curtis harrington stylish direction easily overcomes its flaws. the movie recreation of the 1930's is colorful and elegant (look at debbie's clothes!) made with a very tight budget. the increasing atmosphere of madness and hysteria is genuinely creepy with a shocking finale that will haunt you for days. and you wouldn't easily forget that silly "goody, goody" song that runs through the movie either. and seeing an increasingly mad shelley winters screw every one of debbie reynolds' chances at happiness is a hoot to watch!8 out of 10.

i love this movie very much i watched it over and over. i don't see why anyone would think this movie wasn't good. maybe you have seen better or whatever it is i personally love it. it is one of my favorite movies and i am not hindi at all but i do love it. it might be a little like "pretty woman" but i haven't seen that and i don't think it's any better than this. i don't know why you are all trashing about it but maybe you have a good reason but i think i have said it enough but i absolutely love this movie, and to those who say it's not good at all well then i wonder why you watched it and what movies you consider good. as for everyone else that i watched it with they enjoyed it too so it surprises me that this many people don't like it. as for rani mukherjee ( i think thats how you spell her last name) she is very beautiful and my favorite actress ever!

this film is a very good movie.the way how the everybody portrayed their roles was great.the story is nice.it tells us about raj who is in love with priya.they get married.she later becomes pregnant.but shortly their is a problem.sadly they wont get the child.raj later meets madhu.he bribes her.she later becomes pregnant but she is not married to him.the movie is very good.the dialogues are wonderful.the songs are melodious to listen.the picturisations are good.the wedding song is very colourful.salman,rani,preity were excellent. .the cinematography is excellent.the film is beautifully pictured in swiztertland.the cast makes the movie great to watch.worth the money and time.. rating-8/10

after a love triangle story in har dil jo pyaar karega these 3 stars were again chosen in this controversial flick. the film would have been considered as hit if there was not a controversy with the production values from bharat shah. here director duo abbas-mustan did a very different and unique job as compared with their previous and after directorial ventures. they are considered as thriller makers of bollywood. but in this cccc they proved that they can equally handle to make a romantic family drama. hardly there is a single action scene when preity was being raped by salman's colleague in her apartment, salman slapped him.the movie has almost all the standards and ingredients like song, story, casting, performances etc. which are required to make a movie hit. but of course for salman's fan this was something a surprise gift from him. why? because for so long he has been doing roles where he has a scene to show his open body and dance la-la-la all around. his role as a rich young businessman who has no-nonsense nature and of normal attitude is really impressive. after all madhubala, a prostitute role performed by preity is amazing. later when she too turns out thoughtful about her life she deserve proper attention. her facial expressions and body language become more attractive, and focus mainly goes to her. her previous role as a pregnant woman in kya kehna was not that heart-touching as it is here. of course, this can be termed as improvement. then priya, a very innocent and helpless wife of raj who only depends on him for a better result. she has nothing powerful influence in the story as the main ingredients are in the hands of preity.finally, the main point of the story which is something rare and unique in itself. in real world of this age it is not totally impossible to happen such step of searching for a surrogate mother. perhaps, many are happening in this large world where these are kept secret. and in this way the scriptwriter of cccc has uncovered a hidden truth which is taking place in others daily lives. but still then it is a doubt.

this is a generally nice film, with good story, great actors and great songs. the cinematography was unfortunately bad. one of the film's weakest points is the annoying chain of sequences copied from pretty woman. why? does it hurt to attempt some originality, abbas? mustan? anyone?the film is about a newly married couple, raj and priya (salman - rani). priya cannot conceive after an accident she had during the previous pregnancy, and they finally decide to use a surrogate mother, who will carry their child. they pick madhubala, a vulgar prostitute played by preity zinta. the film is not really realistic, i mean, isn't it easier to adopt? and even if they pick a girl, does it mean the man has to sleep with her? have you heard of insemination? anyway, i guess if the writers had heard of all this, the film wouldn't have been made, so the concept is apparently intentional.salman acts very well. it's nice to see him playing a serious character. but his character suffers from unnecessary and cheap dialogues about his great love to his wife and how hard he finds it to sleep with another woman. come on, it's cheesy and unrealistic. rani is just about ok; she is generally effective and does try to do something with the role but gets completely overshadowed by preity zinta.the film belongs to preity, who steals the show in a big way with her flawless performance. she makes the transformation from a loud prostitute to a sensitive woman easily and naturally. she lives the film, emotes and makes you love her and admire her at the same time, partly because of her role, partly because of her magnetic and positive personality. this is one of her career-best performances. there is no doubt she is more talented than her industry contemporaries. she just should do more such roles.the film's ending only highlights what i said above. it is tear-jerking, exciting and very well-acted. watch it for preity.7/10 for the film! 10/10 - for preity!

......... and you get chori chori chupke chupke. don't get me wrong, this movie is much less explicit (or not even) than pretty woman, but it (was) a new topic for bollywood. the topic was accepted but it is far from jism, murder, and julie. to tell you the truth, the topic is presented in a very clean manner. but the plot has it's number of clichés. the beginning of the movie is presented in a very "filmi" way. there are some very little plot holes. the movie picks up once rani has her miscarriage where you feel that you are watching something other than a typical movie. otherwise the whole family sequence felt overdone in the beginning. the acting couldn't have been any better. salman khan sometimes impresses, and sometimes lets you down. over here he gave one of the best performances. on top of that his role is written so well, that you applaud every time he solves a problem. rani mukherjee was adequate. throughout the movie, you feel for her character the most, but she is overshadowed by preity zinta. preity zinta is picture perfect. out of the three, she gives everyone a run for their money. its surprising how she can be just as convincing when she is innocent. and trust me, madhubala is far from your girl next door. this role is one of the reasons why i rate her high. the supporting cast are like the family you see in hahk, where they have no significance to the plot yet i found them tolerable here. the songs are pretty nice. the title song is my favorite of them all along with dil tera mera dil (hearts). mehndi mehndi (henna) and dekhne walon ne (look at the world's sight) are two song that fit the film perfectly. preity's cabaret number, diwani diwani (crazy), could've been shortened while no. 1 punjabi came across boring though it had good dancing. otherwise the movie is definitely worth a watch.

the year 2000 had been a bad year for indian films due to lack of quality and imagination from film directors. other than mohabbatein and kaho naa pyaar hai nothing stood out. cccc had lot of contraversy due to the financing of the film and this with not really knowing what the film is about has generated good publicity and advanced ticket sales for the film around india and abroad. the only information given was that it was a suspense thriller. the film is now been released in 2001 and the film was surprisingly quite good. the main plot is to do with surrogacy and is well handled. salman and preiti give a good performance where salman doesn't actually take is shirt off at all..must be special effects!! rani plays salmans wife but it is slightly a less demanding role compared with preiti who plays prostitute who eventually becomes the surrogate mother. the three main leads confirm, after har di jo pyar karega, they have a solid on screen and off screen chemistry(apparently). salman khan who is excellent plays a serious role in the film as a successful business man and is a pity is being exploited as a wannabe comedian in his other films as he is quite underrated in the mumbai film industry partly due to the films he chooses. rani's character does not know preiti is a prostitute until the end...this kept from her and the rest of the family...the rest you should find out as it will ruin the film if i told you. the songs are all picturised well especially dekhne walon and the main title song. the other supporting actors do a minimal but fine effort as salmans loving family. abbas mastan has produced a hit and handled the film subject tactfully..i say go and watch it or rent it whatever you prefer!

cccc is the first good film in bollywood of 2001. when i first saw the trailer of the film i thought it would be a nice family movie. i was right. salman khan has given is strongest performance ever. my family weren't too keen on him but after seeing this film my family are very impressed with him. rani and preity are wonderful. the film is going to be a huge hit because of the three main stars. it's about raj (salman khan) and priya meeting and falling in love. they get married and go to switzerland for their honeymoon. when they come back raj and priya find out that priya is pregnant. raj's family are full of joy when they find out especially raj's dada (amrish puri). raj and his family are playing cricket one day and priya has an accident which causes priya to have a miscarriage. raj has a very close family friend who is a doctor, balraj chopra (prem chopra). he tells raj and priya that she can no longer have anymore kids. raj and priya keep this quiet from the family. raj and priya decide to go for surrogacy. surrogacy to them is that they will find a girl and raj and that girl will have a baby together and then hand the baby over to raj and priya. raj finds a girl. her name is madhubala (preity zinta). she is a dancer and a prostitute. raj tells her the situation and bribes her with money and she agrees. raj changes madhubala completley. raj tells priya that he has found a girl. madhubala and priya meet and become friends. they go to switzerland to do this so no one finds out. priya spends the night in a church and raj and madhubala are all alone and they spend the night together. the doctor confirms that madhubala is pregnant and they are all happy. raj tells his family that priya is pregnant. they are happy again. madhubala comes to love raj and she wants him. what happens next? watch cccc to find out. the one thing i didn't like about the film is their idea of surrogacy. they should have done it the proper way in the film but it didn't ruin the film. it was still excellent.the songs of the film are great. my favourites are "chori chori chupke chupke", dekhne walon ne", "deewana hai yeh mann" and "mehndi". the song "mehndi" is very colourful. in that song it shows the ghod bharai taking place and it is very colourful. the film deserves 10/10!

this movie was rather awful vipul shah's last movie was good this one was just bad although it's a good story and is handled in a great way aatish kapadia who adapted this movie from another gujarati play "avjo wahala fari malishu" made a good but slow pianful 2 and a half hours to watch there are a lot of flaws in this movie but it's still a entertainer songs are rather bleaked out and don't work well but they're still good overall not a movie you would enthusiastically watch it's still a story to take in to account and it's good if you're the relationship type pretty good movie with loads of flaws and humor that's really not needed even one bit

i saw two movies over the weekend, one was "kaal" and the other "waqt". both movies are made in "bollywood" but they are worlds apart. the fundamental difference is the story and the director. vipul shaw made his indelible mark with "ankhen", one of the best comedy hindi movies. his casting of the charecteres is perfect. the story apparently taken from a gujerati play is awesome,the treatment is superb with some exceptions. in bollywood when a movie is put together the first thing a bollywood director is prone to do is sign up a music director and this guy (mediocre malik in this instance)is obligated to drum up six songs to fulfill his contract. so even a good director like vipul shah has to use them to appease the finacier and the grandma's who just cant get enough of these numbers. no music director can churn out good songs relentlessly as clearly evident in this movie. none of the songs have any melody and they are clearly intrusive to the narration of the story except the background music and the westernized version of the bharat-natyam. the duelling and role playing the father and son is good acting by bachachan and akshay kumar. his stunt scenes are clearly outstanding. a good director surrounds himself with good actors and he is willing to wait till a good story comes along as in this super movie. then we have a cheap classless tasteless producer like sharukh khan who will stoop low as to shamelessly plug and promote a trash like "kaal" to enrich himself at the cost of the betterment of art, and they surround themselves with borderline talent, and they recoup the investment before the word gets around. these are the bollywood locusts who prey on the unsuspected audience to garner "film farce" awards given by bollywood chamcha's and most of them are in the media.

the basic storyline here is, aditiya (kumar) is the spoilt son of a millionaire, ishwar (bachan) who owns a toy industry, in ishwar's eyes his son aditya can do nothing wrong, aditya's mother sumitra (shefali shah) warns ishwar to bring his son to the responsible path before it is too late, for ishwar is a patient of lung cancer and has only 9 months to live, when his son elopes and marries mitali (chopra), ishwar readily forgives aditya, but when the happy couple aditya and mitali come back from a honeymoon, mitali is pregnant, and this forces ishwar to kick aditya out of the house to make him more responsible, aditya doesn't know his father is suffering from lung cancer, and he also doesn't know that his father has kicked him out of the hose to make him more responsible, ishwar cannot bring himself to tall aditya that he is about to die, with a hungry and pregnant wife. it is a race against time so aditya does all he can to prove himself to his father, and the climax comes when aditya gets his big break in the movie industry and his father tells him that he is about to die.this movie is absolutely brilliant, this is the breakthrough in indian cinema that was needed for the bollywood industry, shah's directing is almost flawless, but which movie doesn't have flaws? the best part if this movie is the father son relationship which is a tearjerker. the song interludes is just placed at the right time, the scenery is good, the only part where this movie fails is where the jokes between boman irani and rajpal yadav the jokes are too long and after a bit they are annoying, but overall this is a brilliant movie, i advise anybody reading this review to go and watch it regardless of other reviews. 9/10

this is movie is very touching. i don't care what people say about this movie, this is a very good movie. the performances by amitabh bachchan's role has the dying father is great, because he wants to teach his son how to handle life in case something happens to him and akshay kumer was great in his role as the spoiled aditya thakur. the supporting role of shefali shetty who played the role of sumitra thakur was magnificent. priyanka chopra was good in her small role she had in the movie. ragpal yadav as the brain-dead servant and boman irani as the show-off father-in law have a very good connection and the comedy scene's were hilarious. the direction is very good.

what a outstanding movie is this i have not words to describe. i don't know how come the rating of the movie is 7.3 it should be 9.3 but anyways no one else can make this movie and the acting by akshay is just outstanding the second half of the movie makes u cry and the movie has a really good unexpected ending which makes the movie perfect. you should watch this movie once, i think twice well it's up to u. anyways i love this movie and it's not just sad and funny but it also gives u a really good meanings and what u should be doing so i think this is one of the best movie in the bollywood history. but i know the people has deferent chooses so ya. the only thing i don't like about this movie is the music well the background music is good but the songs are not good enough i think the music would be better if a r rahman would be the music director but anyways we can't do anything about that so ya.

time for a hit!waqt dir- vipul amrutlal shah cast- amitabh bachchan, akshay kumar, priyanka chopra, shefali shah, rajpal yadav and boman irani. written by- aatish kapadia rating- ***eureka! we've got it! yes, ladies and gentlemenin vipul shah's 'waqt', we have probably found this year's first bona fide hit. replete with all the necessary ingredients of a commercial bollywood fare, 'waqt' has all that it takes for a movie to click with the indian audiences. it's the kinda film that makes a distributor feel happy and contemplate his next phoren visit! in this 'saga of indian emotions' then, we have a happy family(isn't it always?) of three. ishwar(amitabh bachchan), the postman-turned-millionaire(don't ask how!...there's something about selling toys while delivering letters and all thatseriously- who gives a damn!), married to sumi(shefali shah) is a doting father to aditya(akshay kumar). ishwar has to make a serious decision about his son's careless attitude towards the responsibilities of life. his love for aditya though, results in his procrastination of the grave issue. however, when faced with a situation that will test his race against time, ishwar has no alternative but to throw aditya out of the house- hoping that the new predicament might make him more conscientious of his own life. but this presumed solution becomes a problem in itself, as the rift between the loving father-son increases and the fences continue to grow. you don't have to be a rocket-scientist to realize that such a story provides ample opportunities to infuse comedy and drama alike. so, pre-interval you have the initially funny, later annoying comedy track of boman irani and rajpal yadav; and post-interval there are the go for your kerchief moments between aby and akki! writer aatish kapadia(he also penned the original gujarati play 'aavjo vhala fari malishu' on which the film is based) does a good job of keeping the narrative fluid. the dialogues tend to get inconsistent at times. it doesn't help that songs appear like acne on a teenage face and mar the proceedings. clearly, a couple of numbers could've been done away with. on the directing front, vipul shows that he possesses a natural flair for story-telling. 'waqt', as well as his earlier debut effort 'aankhen', manage to keep you interested till the last reel. on a personal note- the seesaw of emotions was a tad jerky for me. but gauging from the audience reactions, it was working to the hilt.finally, 'waqt' is all about its performances which amount to one whole point in the overall rating! amitabh bachchan is dependable as always. his energy is visible and so is his age! shefali pitches in a finely nuanced performance and matches the superstar at every step. boman and rajpal bring the house down with their histrionics. priyanka has little to do than fulfill the perfunctory role of a heroine. when it all boils down though, 'waqt' is akshay's vehicle. i have always maintained that akki is as good as the role suits him. put him in a 'mujhse shaadi karogi' and he's fantastic, but in a 'bewafaa' he is woefully bad. here, akki is probably at his best. whether it is his comic timing or his emotional renderings, he is near-perfect. there's also an action scene for his fans! ironically, his previous best endeavour was in 'aankhen'- with the same director and big b at his side!'waqt' is by no means a memorable movie. it's not one that will feature in the better films of our industry. but it is one for the masses. and at a time when the industry is waiting desperately for a universal hit, 'waqt' might just do the trick!- abhishek bandekartrivia- this is akshay kumar's second consecutive film after 'bewafaa', in which he performs on stage during the climax!rating- **** poor ** average *** good **** very good ***** excellent22nd april, 2005

simply great movie no doubt about it. great story and superb performances, be it amitabh, akshay, shefali, priyanka, boman or rajpal. hindi film industry is going shameless with mallika and co, this movie is totally vulgarity free and therefore bound to fail in vulgarity addicted our indian society. but the message and concept this movie carries are absolutely superb. anu malik(boring copy-cat) could have been avoided and ismail darbar or himmesh reshmmiya could have been used as musician. i think vipul shah should have given little bit gujarati touch particularly in music also. anu malik is worst musician around and he thinks himself popstar but this is not the movie where is presence was required-he looks only good with govinda style songs. i felt some nice serious music with couple of good ghazals or sad songs could have made this movie more memorable.

waqt is a perfect example of a chicken soup not exactly for your soul. the broth unfortunately has lost its actual taste thanks to all the excess dilution and garnishing that went into its making.what's surprising and disappointing about waqt is that it comes from a director who stayed away from the usual clichés of hindi cinema in his first venture but who in his second outing gives in for all the stereotype film formulas. while vipul shah had the conviction to show something as implausible as blind men robbing a bank in aankhen, he just fails to induce life in the entire packaging of waqt that is based on something as conceivable as a father-son relationship. adopted from a gujarati play aavjo vhala fari malishu, waqt does have a sensible storyline with a social message to back up. a mature look on the father-son relationship, a father's unconditional love towards his son and a son's responsibility towards his family. ishwar chand sharawat (amitabh bachchan) who has established his entire empire on his own from the scratch leads an affluent life with his wife sumitra (shefali shah). their only son aditya (akshay kumar) never had the need to strive for anything since he got everything tailor-made and spoon-fed in life. ishwar's pampering has only spoil him all the more.aditya dreams to turning into a superstar but does nothing to make his dreams come true. in the meanwhile he marries his ladylove mitali (priyanka chopra). ishwar hopes that marriage will make aditya a more responsible man but he is disappointed. aditya is still at his blithe best leading a carefree life.the endurance limit finally collapses when ishwar expels aditya from his house. the sudden change in the attitude of his affectionate father towards him and his now expecting wife baffles aditya. he has no option left but to strive for the livelihood of his wife and his unborn kid. he starts turning into an independent man but the rift in the relationship between him and his father grows.the story is simplistic while the uncomplicated screenplay has a very elementary approach. one can easily identify and relate with the credible characters of both the father and the son. if you are not one of the two, you at least might have come across individuals like them somewhere in real life.add to it director vipul shah's easy handling of the screenplay. with a family affair like this, any other director in his place would have added in tons of melodrama in the proceedings as per the cinematic laws of bollywood family dramas, turning the film into a compulsive tearjerker. however shah excels in the effortless handling of emotions for most part of the film.clear-cut example of his unpretentious direction is palpable in the pre-interval scene where the father expels the son from his house in a rather frivolous manner. the purpose of the scene is achieved without blotting a brunt on the audiences' brains. ditto for the scene in the second half wherein the now separated father son have a flippant conversation. that's what differentiates waqt from a kabhi kushi ghum or an ek rishtaa and in fact places it one level high in terms of treatment.but after gaining all the distinction points, one may wonder where does waqt still fail in? the problem lies in the fact that while waqt distinguishes itself from the others in it's league in terms of treatment, it gives in to the glitches in the terms of packaging. what with the director forcing in song-n-dance every now and then in the first half. there's a johar kinda shaadi song, a chopra kinda holi song, a father son disco dandia song, a dream song and a dream come true song inducing sufficient yawns in the viewer. picture this... the father has just ousted the son from his house and the son is dreaming of a song in moroccan mountains with his wife. out of place! out of reason! and the audience out of seat.the film just drags in the first half and the actual story starts only in the second half. the director has wasted too much waqt on unnecessary elements. the much talked about dog chase sequence isn't bad but is not redeeming either. however akshay kumar's taandav dance is simply ridiculous. imagine he qualifies for the star hunt in the movie with this (unintentionally) hilarious histrionic. add to it the climax set at the finals of the star-hunt where the son bursts out with emotions. that's so archetypal! also the editing pattern could have been reversed to conceal the father's reason for the change in attitude towards his son.anu malik's music is fine though unnecessary in the proceedings. santosh thundiiayil's camera-work is competent enough though not much demanding. aatish kapadia has come up with some good dialogs for dramatic moments.boman irani and rajpal yadav make up or the light moments in the film very efficiently. while rajpal yadav has been going overboard with his comic histrionics in many films off lately, this time he underplays his character and is completely restrained. his deadpan expressions are perfectly complimented with boman's over-the-top histrionics.shefali shah is convincing in the mother's role. not to be taken as a censure but she is flawless in both playing and 'looking' her character. priyanka is gorgeous and performs her part well.of course the major applause deserves are akshay kumar and amitabh bachchan. akshay is especially expressive in the scene where his doting father intentionally berates him to make him aware of his responsibilities. though bachchan goes a bit dramatic in a couple of scenes, his brilliance strikes throughout the film.to sum up, waqt is like a soup whose ingredients are both tasty and nutritional but the final recipe somehow isn't as much appetizing.

the man who directed 'the third man' also directed the 'who will buy' sequence in "oliver!" now that is talent.i raise my hat to carol reed.i know there are 'second units' involved, but still ...and he had to deal with orson welles and oliver reed ...i suppose quality will out.(it does show in the final scene with nancy [ avoiding spoiler - everyone has to see oliver! for the first time sometime ].) how many lines do i need to type.encouraging people to type too much is not to be encouraged.i hope this counts as the "10th line".

i really love this movie. i remember one time when i was in 2nd >grade, my teacher showed it to us on a 16mm film reel. this movie, however, can be a little frightening for 2nd graders such as the scene where bill murders nancy and seeing fagin's face for the first time on the screen. one of my relatives is sick of seeing this movie because she studied over it in music class. if i were a teacher and could grade the people who produced this wonderful film, i would give them an a+.

this production of oliver is masterful in showing layers of evil in the human soul. what makes the story remarkable is a brilliantly bright unseen character, who pierces this darkness as he leads an innocent boy through the gravest dangers safely into the hands of his own relative. yea, though oliver walks through the valley of the shadow of death, he fears no evil. a rod and staff are there to comfort him. in the end, he is saved from the dregs of humanity. at the bottom is fagin, the most wicked of the lot. fagin contemplates repenting of his ways not once, but twice, yet declines because he is unwilling to pay the price. fagin is worse than bill sikes, because he raises little pickpockets who become murderers. in the middle is oliver. his innocence is unsullied, but untried as well. the best is nancy. lacking in judgment, she ignores bill sikes' violent nature out of her deep need for love. yet unlike fagin, at the probable cost of her own life, she does repent of her sins by saving oliver from bill. things are not as they seem. in my opinion, this quality is what makes art worthwhile - unpredictability. i would give this film a "10," but its '70's made-for-tv soundtrack and ambiance were distracting. overall, a fine parable and a thoroughly appropriate story for all audiences.

me and my girlfriend, annette, watched this together and we'll both comment.both of us really enjoyed watching this even though it took some liberties with dicken's work. a lot of dicken's works are somewhat dark and dreary (including oliver twist), but this movie changed all that. it was fun, colourful (both visually and musically), and the characters were more lighthearted.travis: normally, i don't care a lot for musical and dance movies, but the tunes in this production were catchy and lively, and the choreography was awesome.annette: that's really saying a lot coming from travis. i can't emphasise enough how really good the dance numbers were. you can tell, for example, that those boys really worked hard getting the routines down to perfection.travis: three actors really stood out imo; nancy (shani w.), bill sykes (oliver reed), and artful dodger (jack wild). man, that oliver reed can really do a good villain. that one scene where you see his eyes thru the mail slot gave me chills down the back...awesome. and that kid jack wild was a perfect artful dodger. and nancy was fantastic (man, i felt bad when she got killed). she can sing too! kudos to the casting department on their choices there. i hated the oliver twist kid tho. he was just too whiny and wimpy for my taste. (i kept wishing bill sikes would drop him off into the mud during the chase scene.) and they shouldn't have had him sing either.annette: acting was truly superb. in addition to the three stars travis mentioned, i felt ron moody (fagin) did a tremendous job. he was so funny, and at the same time lightly sinister too. the supporting actors were great too. harry secombe carried his mr. bumble role extremely well. and he has a wonderful singing voice. i saw mr. secombe perform in another movie entitled "davy" where he played an opera singer with pleasing results. the talented harry secombe should have been in a lot more movies.travis: as i mentioned earlier the story isn't quite true to the book, but imo it was more robust. this movie was not boring either, as some musicals seem to be. and the continuity kept you moving right along with the characters. the tunes did not detract from the plot or put you to sleep by being too long.annette: any musical movie which travis watches completely has to be a rare find. and this one is indeed a rare find. it is a very easy-to-watch production which carries the viewer smoothly and enjoyably through to the end. in a day when movies all seem to be effects combined with pretty faces, this was a refreshing interlude.our combined rating for this was 8.5 of 10. (we'll round up to 9 in this case.).travis: i rated this a 7 mainly because the oliver twist kid (mark l.) irritated me, and his songs were torture to my overly sensitive ears. otherwise, it was an outstanding movie.annette: my rating is a 10. movies don't get much better than this. and you can tell everyone involved in this production really worked hard to make it what it was...a masterpiece.please don't miss this one...even if you normally don't like musicals. it really is a rare treat.

one of the last great musicals of the 60s. i was 7 years old the first time i saw this movie, and it's always been a favorite since then. the musical numbers are all memorable. in the 60s the people who were cast in musicals actually had musical talent (unlike a certain academy award nominated current musical based in a large midwestern city). all of the main roles were beautifully cast...ron moody shines as fagin, as does shani wallis as nancy. oliver reed was a menacing bill sikes (who thankfully has no musical numbers, lol), and mark lester as oliver and jack wild as the dodger were great too. mark lester comes across as an innocent waif, which was what dickens intended when he wrote the book! then, of course there are the dozens of dancers who perform in "consider yourself," "i'd do anything" "who will buy" and "be back soon," many who were children! this is a great show for the whole family.

as a child i always hated being forced to sit through musicals. i never understood why people would break out into song like that, and i was far too young to appreciate the artistry (choreography, set design, costumes, pacing) behind it all. carol reed's "oliver!" was the one musical i remember oddly enjoying as a child, probably because it is one of the darker ones and is appropriately drenched in the spirit of dickensian squalor. this is a musical about ghetto life in victorian london, and while the scenery and set designs are stark, dark, and true to that way of life, it is flat out bizarre for people to be breaking out into such ridiculous songs amidst their misery. upon a recent viewing, my first since childhood, i have some new thoughts and insights into why this musical "works" in that bizarre breaking out into song kind of way, and why most just don't do it for me.when musicals work or really say something, it is because they realize their own inherent strangeness. lars von trier's "dancer in the dark" as tragic and operatic and over reaching as it was, worked as a musical because the musical numbers were the products of the imagination of the protagonist, an immigrant obsessed with hollywood musicals. likewise, the very cynical and enjoyable "chicago" worked on a similar level because the musical numbers were the products of a homicidal ingenue singer/dancer. musicals don't work when they take their own musical-nature too seriously (like in "moulin rouge") or are simply too much fluff about nothing (i.e. something pointless like "mary poppins"). upon viewing "oliver!" for the first time as an adult, i saw it in a new light. told mostly from the point of view young oliver, i saw the musical numbers as the products of his childhood imagination and his way of coping with the horrors of ghetto life around him. the best musical number was probably when nancy got everyone in the tavern signing and dancing about the joys of getting drunk (as a cover to help poor oliver escape the clutches of the evil bill sykes). it was undeniably catchy and sounded like a real pub tune that drunks might start singing around a piano. there are other great and classic tunes to be heard here, and the direction and acting from the leads to the dancing extras are all top notch.still, for all its bleakness (although it does have a happy ending for oliver at least, though certainly things didn't end happily for nancy, and unless you think a life on the streets being a pick-pocket is fun, it wasn't a necessarily a good ending for fagin or the dodger, despite their peppy closing tune) i wouldn't really classify this as a family film, though i don't think showing it to kids over the age of seven or eight will do any harm. this is a harsh tale about an unfortunate orphan trying to survive on the streets and find some happiness. i think it would be very interesting to see a modern update on this some how, perhaps a revisionist take on it, where people on the streets of compton break into happy songs about their horrible lives. i'd like to see a hard-edged hip-hop version of "oliver!". i always thought dickens would translate well in those regards. as it stands, "oliver!" was probably the last of the great film musicals and maybe the strangest g-rated film i've ever seen.

this was my favourite film as a child, and i have been in the stage production a few times so it will always remain my favourite muscical and i doubt anybody could ever re-make the story of oliver twist on screen, any better than this one did.my all-time favourite ''bad guy'' has to be oliver reed as bill sikes. not only did he scare the life out of my when i watched it as a 6 year old, but now as a woman i can empathize more with nancys character, the bar maid/prostitute who helps oliver get the life he deserves.jack wilde as the artful dodger, was fantastic, and i don't think anybody could ever out-do him, as the street-pocket picker, and best friend of fagin. the music is fantastic, especially fagin's numbers, i'm also quite thankful they didn't give bill sikes a musical number, it wouldn't of worked with him being such a sinister character.i think carol reed did an excellent job of nancy's sticky ending, keeping it a g rated movie by disguising her beating, but giving enough away to show the violence of bill towards her. this movie is both charming, and charismatic as a musical sing-along, as well as being a moving drama that follows a young boy as he tries to find where he belongs in life.

i saw this recently on a cable channel. the movie is great; it's one of the few musicals i have seen that doesn't shy away from the light and dark. it portrays some of the splendour of the age along with a lot of the squalor. some of the set piece dance sequences so much is going on, i didn't know where to look next. one day i shall go and see this on the big screen, just so that i see what's happening. but what really lifts this to another level is oliver reed's performance as bill sykes. not only is a thoroughly mean and menacing man but there is something else, some inner demons. he gave me the impression that if you pushed him into a corner, he was capable of anything. it was almost as if the sykes character was on the edge of madness, just awaiting the trigger. i have seen the robert newton's bill sykes from the 1948 movie, and i thought he was 'just' a bad egg, but oliver reed's performance intimidated me in my own living room.

one of the finest musicals made, one that is timeless and is worth seeing time and again. delicious! the acting, especially by ron moody as fagin, is superb. costumes are exquisite....even the shabby ones.the two young lads who play oliver and the artful dodger are wonderfully talented. oliver reed does a great job portraying bill sykes to where you can't help but hope he comes to a terrible end....which he does. the dancing is cleverly choreographed and is mesmerizing. oliver can hold its own with the likes of my fair lady, the sound of music, oklahoma, etc. a film for the entire family.

im not usually a lover of musicals,but if i had to choose what would be my favourite it would definitely be oliver.this film is so well made,the characters are well depicted,the costumes are spot on the acting is good and the songs are great,my favourite being 'reviewing the situation'sung by ron moody who gives a brilliant portrayal of fagin.i wasn't old enough to see oliver when it was released in the late 60s but my sisters were,so for weeks on end i had to put up with them singing the bloody songs,usually it was 'who will buy my wonderful roses'so i already knew all of the songs before i saw the film.its a timeless musical you definitely couldn't remake it,it stands on its own.its not accurate to the book and i don't think it would have worked so well if it had been.i don't think charles dickens would be disappointed,as he wrote oliver to depict the poverty in london,the orphanages,the work houses and about what the poor had to resort to in order to survive,and the film portrays this very well.also another great reason to watch this film is bullseye the old type english bull terrier,notice his long thin legs,this was bred out of the breed many years ago,they must have hunted high and low to find a specimen like him,and he is exactly how an english bull terrier would have looked in victorian times.notice he has scars {which is probably makeup}on his face,bill sykes had probably used him for dog fighting or for the rat pit.a victorian bull terrier had a record amount of kills in a rat pit.his a beautiful dog any way,and notice he disobeys bill sykes after he has killed nancy,he obviously has his standards his not the chunk head bill sykes thought he was.this is a great musical to watch if you like musicals,and if you don't like musicals give it a try any way,there's something for everyone in this film.

a tour deforce! ok the kid that plays oliver is a bit toooooo sweet! starting with the great cinematography, color, costumes and most impressive performances this is a must see movie. i have seen several adaptations of this great novel, but this one stands above them all and its a musical to boot! it is a masterful fagan, never leaving his character to do a song. you never really know if you like him or not, the same feeling i got in the book. in other versions you hate him from start to finish. bill sykes.... when you read the book hes a mean one, and so he is in this movie. oliver reed was masterful. his wife directed this masterpiece. i went and saw his last movie, gladiator based on his many fine performances, not to see the headliners. the music fits the times and the mood. who will buy this beautiful movie? you should!

that movie was awesome! i can't get over it's songs. i think i'm a little too old for musicals, but that movie deserves some credit here, guys! my especial favorite was jack wild. me, being a british actor lover, you can't restrain me from all those nice-looking fresh faced, young men. i never knew that when jack was doing that movie he was sixteen! he looks like an eleven- year old. he's short, that's what helps. try posting up your replies, fellow posters, so i can relate to your experiences. oh, and about oliver reed, that guy, bill sikes, i think that drone look is really familiar. any idea where he's starred in before? if so, post it up, i'd really like to know.

first off, i'd like to make a correction on another review of this film which said that the last musical to win the best picture academy award was 'gigi' in 1958. that is misinformation as 'west side story' won in 1962, 'my fair lady' won in 1965 and 'sound of music' won the year after that. that said, this film is absolutely fantastic! the story from the novel has been somewhat altered, but that's more because of the limitations that they had on a stage that they just didn't change back for a filmed version. however, i don't mind. in fact, i rather think the whole production flows better than the novel does. i like nancy bringing oliver to the bridge with her and being killed there instead of later in the apartment. the subtle things in this film are the ones that make me laugh. i love the moment mr. bumble and mrs. bumble start coming out at the beginning from the governors office. the underscore for that moment is brilliant. my three favorite actors for this film were jack wild, who plays the best dodger in any film version of the story, ron moody, a playful and humorous fagin (this character is worked out much better than he is in the book), and shani wallis, who is the strongest, most distressed version of nancy. the only reason i'm giving this film a 9 instead of a 10 is because of the two big production numbers which are 'concider yourself' and 'who will buy.' i always hate when the choreography in musicals in meant to look like people doing everyday chores and jobs. it looks awful and cheesy, especially when they're dancing at the london meat co. they should've just done regular choreography for these scenes. however, this film is a rare treasure that will stay with us, hopefully, forever.

i admit not being that fond of oliver! as a young child--it's long, and the story is a little slow-moving because of all the musical numbers. as a teenager i discovered that the fun of this movie is the experience itself. rather than thinking of it as an adaptation of oliver twist, think of it as a celebration of the classic story. the adaptation is loose at best, but really, if you're watching a musical, you ain't there for the story.the music is the core of this movie, and an overwhelming majority of it is stellar and very catchy. most or all of the cast was involved in the stage version of the musical, and it shows in their performances--and i consider this a plus. the performances are all in a more "stagey" style of acting typical of much older films, and they are very entertaining. the exception is the kid playing oliver, whose job seemed to be to look cute and stay out of the real performers' way.fagin and the dodger are the real stars of this movie. oliver reed also does a fantastic job maintaining an intimidating screen presence as the menacing bill sykes. even sykes' dog bullseye puts on a good performance.this movie isn't for everyone. people who hate musicals will despise it, as will those who take musicals too seriously. nitpicking over faulty historical details or mistaking exaggerated stage-type acting for bad acting will ruin anyone's enjoyment. just sit back and enjoy the entertainment--it's much better if you remember that, as a musical, it's a fantasy loosely organized around the book, not a strict adaptation.

the great cinematic musicals were made between 1950 and 1970. this twenty year spell can be rightly labelled the “golden era” of the genre. there were musicals prior to that, and there have been musicals since… but the true classics seem invariably to have been made during that period. singin’ in the rain, an american in paris, the band wagon, seven brides for seven brothers, oklahoma, south pacific, the king and i, and many more, stand tall as much cherished products of the age. perhaps the last great musical of the “golden era” is carol reed’s 1968 “oliver”. freely adapted from dickens’ novel, this vibrant musical is a film version of a successful stage production. it is a magnificent film, winner of six oscars, including the best picture award.orphan oliver twist (mark lester) lives a miserable existence in a workhouse, his mother having died moments after giving birth to him. following an incident one meal-time, he is booted out of the workhouse and ends up employed at a funeral parlour. but oliver doesn’t settle particularly well into his new job, and escapes after a few troubled days. he makes the long journey to london where he hopes to seek his fortune. oliver is taken under the wing of a child pickpocket called the artful dodger (jack wild) who in turn works for fagin (ron moody), an elderly crook in charge of a gang of child-thieves. despite the unlawful nature of the job, oliver finds good friends among his new “family”. he also makes the acquaintance of nancy (shani wallis), girlfriend of the cruellest and most feared thief of them all, the menacing bill sikes (oliver reed). after many adventures, oliver discovers his true ancestry and finds that he is actually from a rich and well-to-do background. but his chances of being reunited with his real family are jeopardised when bill sikes forcibly exploits oliver, making him an accomplice in some particularly risky and ambitious robberies.“oliver” is a brilliantly assembled film, consistently pleasing to the eye and excellently acted by its talented cast. moody recreates his stage role with considerable verve, stealing the film from the youngsters with his energetic performance as fagin. lester and wild do well too as the young pickpockets, while wallis enthusiastically fleshes out the nancy role and reed generates genuine despicableness as sikes. the musical numbers are staged with incredible precision and sense of spectacle – onna white’s oscar-winning choreography helps make the song-and-dance set pieces so memorable, but the lively performers and the skillful direction of carol reed also play their part. the unforgettable tunes include “food glorious food”, “consider yourself”, “you’ve got to pick a pocket or two”, “i’d do anything” and “oom-pah-pah” – all immensely catchy songs, conveyed via very well put together sequences. the film is a thoroughly entertaining experience and never really loses momentum over its entire 153 minute duration. sit back and enjoy!

yes, as unbelievable as it may be, in 1968 a musical won the academy award for best picture - and it was the third musical to win that award in a five-year period, the first being my fair lady in 1964 and then the sound of music in 1965. the difference between my fair lady, the sound of music and oliver! however is that oliver! is immeasurably better! no comparison. the first two movies are insipid wet noodles compared to the remarkably robust oliver!. the acting is great; the songs are great; the story is great and the dancing is great. this movie is dynamic, topical, relevant to the human experience and unlike the overblown gangs of new york, oliver! offers a portrayal of poverty in 19th century london, england that evokes sympathy without being condescending. oliver reed was a great actor and he proves it in oliver! the other actors and actresses, especially ron moody and shani wallis, are equally wonderful and offer powerful portrayals of characters who evoke sympathy and warmth without being caricatures.

i'm really getting old,,am in the midst of watching this 40 year old flick,and wonder what my grandchildren will be watching 40 years from now,,its an old saying,,but they don't make em like that anymore..it's not only the story,its the music,the acting both by young and old..the cast ,it would seem,were born to play their roles,,young oliver,,old fagin..too many to mention them all,the role played by the judge oliver stands before,i've seen in other roles over the years..the artful dodger,,ron moody as fagin,,mr and mrs bumble,,the movie not only won 5 oscars,,but took a few golden globe awards too..if you decide to see this film..do yourself a favor,,take a few if not all the children,to see this masterpiece

this is a musical adaptation of dicken's "oliver twist". for the most part, the original story has been maintained, though for the flow of the film certain subplots (such as the summer he spent recuperating and the half-brother) are omitted. the biggest difference in the film and the story is that by the end of the book, fagin is hanged--an ending very different from this musical film.this is a one of a kind musical--one whose style and scope really hasn't been matched before or since. not only are the songs often quite singable and memorable, but the choreography of the film is a sight to behold. whereas in most musicals a few people or perhaps even a small group are choreographed dancing, here the numbers often run into the hundreds or perhaps more. it's truly a sight to see and i was fortunate enough to have seen it in the theater when it debuted and is one of my earliest childhood memories. having just seen it again a few moments ago, i would have to say that the film only got better over time. great sets, wonderful acting and singing--this is a special treat that is hard not to love.by the way, when i saw the film again tonight, i was surprised by just how high and feminine mark lester's singing was for the film. well, according to imdb, his singing was dubbed by a girl and this would definitely account for his voice.

oliver twist was to have controversy as well as success following it after dickens published it in 1837. his picture of life in the urban ghettos was something shocking and new, and his making the central figures of the novel include criminals was another innovation.one day he was walking in london and passed a young woman he had been friendly with. he said hello, but she was rather stiff with him. he could not understand this. a few days later they met again, and he asked what he had done to upset her. "well, if you must know, i did not like your last novel.", she said. "really, everyone else thinks highly of it." he was puzzled: "what's wrong with it?" "oh, charles," she said, "i'm jewish. how could you make up such a character like fagin?!" he had not expected this: "well...you know that trial last year of ikey solomon, the thief trainer. he's a model for fagin and he was jewish." dickens found that did not settle things. "yes," she replied, "he got what he deserved. but charles, they did not call him "solomon the jew" like you call fagin "the jew"! moreover, solomon did not plan a murder. fagin does." dickens had to admit that he might have gotten carried away. he left thinking about what she said.oliver twist was published in several editions. dickens tried to improve on fagin a bit. then he got an idea. he reworked the chapter called "fagin's last night alive", showing the fears in the man as he faced hanging. he also added some additional details. he let his female friend know about his resolve to change fagin. a day or so later he met her at a friend's house. she looked at him as though he was crazy. "didn't you like the changes?", he asked. "charles, what changes - he's still a vile villain called "the jew"!", she replied. "yes, i did keep those in, but didn't you see how frightened he was in the death cell in prison." the young woman had noticed this, but felt that he was so vile he deserved to be suffering such fears. "ah...then i was right about that...and did you see the little details i added?", he asked. "what details?", she replied. "when you first see fagin now he is cooking himself dinner...you read that?", dickens looked at her expecting a sign of recognition. instead the lady looked confused. "i read he was at the fireplace, but i must have skimmed the passage." dickens smiled as though he was brilliant, "he is cooking a pork sausage for his dinner." "a what!"she exclaimed. "he's eating pork, my dear...see - he's not a good jew!" his friend looked at him, shook her head, and to his dismay left their friend's house. she didn't speak to him for years.dickens never totally shook off his own bigotries, but the situation did lead to a partial attempt at amends in his last completed novel. in our mutual friend (1865) he has a minor character, mr. riah, who is used by an unscrupulous landlord to collect high rents from poor tenants. the landlord figures that mr. riah will be blamed because he is jewish.but mr. riah is a good man. he is a very good man. he is a very, very, very, very good man - so good as to be unbelievable. if fagin saw mr. riah in action he'd probably chase him away with a stick.the anti-semitic image of fagin lingers to this day. it is a measure of dickens' genius as a writer that the novel overcomes it. however, in presenting the story on film it still causes problems for screenplay writers and directors: how, after the holocaust, can one do a film treatment of a worthy novel without inflaming bigotry? david lean showed how by having alec guiness appear in one or two scenes showing a human side and in confronting a mob at the end with true dignity. sir carol reed, in his musical version of the novel did it better yet, due to a rewrite in the original musical's script.oliver had been made into a west end musical hit in the middle 1960s, and then taken to broadway where it was again a hit. with a wonderful score by lionel bart, including "food glorious food", "i am reviewing the situation", "consider yourself", "boy for sale", "who will buy", "as long as he needs me", it deserved it's success. reed did well in his casting the roles, including his nephew oliver reed as sykes, ron moody as fagin, mark lester as oliver, jack wild as the dodger, shani wallis as nancy, and harry secombe as mr. bumble. there had been no big musical successes in hollywood for a decade - the last musical to win the best picture oscar had been gigi in 1958. oliver won it in 1968.and fagin - how to handle the eternal problem of the caricature? well in the musical fagin is not captured, tried and executed for the murder that is committed. after all, even lean showed fagin tried to control his confederate in his actions. but here fagin realizes that he is getting too old to depend on this kind of chancy life. although he loses his treasures (those stolen items he kept because he knew their value, and admired their beauty), he decides he can reform. he is allowed to do so, accompanied by his faithful acolyte, the artful dodger. i don't think dickens would have appreciated the change (his female friend might have), but a modern audience certainly accepts it as fitting.

i just saw this recently, after an interval of nearly forty years. it holds up well, especially lionel bart's outstanding songs. ("who will buy" with it's magical counterpoint, just one of many standouts.)i disagree with the other post that decried its g rating. the ratings system, brand new at the time, never intended the g (general) rating to mean "completely devoid of conflict".characterizing it as unsuitable for kids reminds me of the description i once saw of the wizard of oz: a girl arrives in a strange land and kills the first person she encounters. she then goes on a road trip with three male companions and kills again.

simply put, oliver! is one of the greatest musicals of all time. it is filled with memorable songs - "food glorious food", "oliver!", "consider yourself" and "oom-pah-pah" to name just a few - and equally memorable characters.the film is a musical adaptation of charles dickens' classic novel and much like the story of oliver twist itself, it is a perfect family film. there are some frightening moments - the villain bill sykes played by oliver reed is scary enough on his own - but overall, the film will appeal to children of all ages as well as adults.the story - which almost everyone is surely familiar with by now - revolves around a little orphan boy named oliver and his life growing up in london. at first he lives in the workhouse with the rest of his fellow orphans but after daring to question mr. bumble, the overseer, he is sold to a family as a servant.after a series of mishaps and close shaves, he meets the artful dodger - superbly played by a young jack wild, who gives his all in the role - and through him, the greedy fagin (ron moody), who trains young boys to pick pocket treasures which he keeps for himself.the film was shot solely in studios and on soundstages at shepperton film studios but this does not translate at all to film. the sets perfectly replicate victorian london, as do the costumes worn by the characters. a multi-oscar winner and a massive success on its release, oliver! is a worthy contender for the best musical all of time and will delight anyone who loves film.

as a lifelong fan of dickens, i have invariably been disappointed by adaptations of his novels.although his works presented an extremely accurate re-telling of human life at every level in victorian britain, throughout them all was a pervasive thread of humour that could be both playful or sarcastic as the narrative dictated. in a way, he was a literary caricaturist and cartoonist. he could be serious and hilarious in the same sentence. he pricked pride, lampooned arrogance, celebrated modesty, and empathised with loneliness and poverty. it may be a cliché, but he was a people's writer.and it is the comedy that is so often missing from his interpretations. at the time of writing, oliver twist is being dramatised in serial form on bbc television. all of the misery and cruelty is their, but non of the humour, irony, and savage lampoonery. the result is just a dark, dismal experience: the story penned by a journalist rather than a novelist. it's not really dickens at all.'oliver!', on the other hand, is much closer to the mark. the mockery of officialdom is perfectly interpreted, from the blustering beadle to the drunken magistrate. the classic stand-off between the beadle and mr brownlow, in which the law is described as 'a ass, a idiot' couldn't have been better done. harry secombe is an ideal choice.but the blinding cruelty is also there, the callous indifference of the state, the cold, hunger, poverty and loneliness are all presented just as surely as the master would have wished.and then there is crime. ron moody is a treasure as the sleazy jewish fence, whilst oliver reid has bill sykes to perfection.perhaps not surprisingly, lionel bart - himself a jew from london's east-end - takes a liberty with fagin by re-interpreting him as a much more benign fellow than was dicken's original. in the novel, he was utterly ruthless, sending some of his own boys to the gallows in order to protect himself (though he was also caught and hanged). whereas in the movie, he is presented as something of a wayward father-figure, a sort of charitable thief rather than a corrupter of children, the latter being a long-standing anti-semitic sentiment. otherwise, very few liberties are taken with dickens's original. all of the most memorable elements are included. just enough menace and violence is retained to ensure narrative fidelity whilst at the same time allowing for children' sensibilities. nancy is still beaten to death, bullseye narrowly escapes drowning, and bill sykes gets a faithfully graphic come-uppance.every song is excellent, though they do incline towards schmaltz. mark lester mimes his wonderfully. both his and my favourite scene is the one in which the world comes alive to 'who will buy'. it's schmaltzy, but it's dickens through and through.i could go on. i could commend the wonderful set-pieces, the contrast of the rich and poor. there is top-quality acting from more british regulars than you could shake a stick at.i ought to give it 10 points, but i'm feeling more like scrooge today. soak it up with your christmas dinner. no original has been better realised.

in cinema retro magazine #2,it is revealed that mark lester's voice was actually dubbed by a 20 year old female, kathe green. although leste was considered perfect for the title role, director carol reed was not at all pleased with his singing abilities. the secret was revealed by on a 2004 uk documentary titled "oliver! after they were famous". greene was paid 400 pounds for her work and she had to agree to keep her participation secret, as did mark lester. they kept their word and only revealed this fact as part of the tv show decades after release of the film. for the record, mark lester retired from acting and is a practicing osteopath in england.

oliver! the musical is a favorite of mine. the music, the characters, the story. it all just seems perfect. in this rendition of the timeless classic novel turned stage musical, director carol reed brings the broadway hit to life on the movie screen.the transition from musical to movie musical is not an easy one. you have to have the right voices, the right set, the right script, and the right play. all signs point to yes for this play. it almost appears that it was written for the screen!our story takes place in jolly old england where a boy named oliver manages to work his way out of the orphanage. he winds his way through the country to london where he meets up with a group of juvenile delinquents, headed by dodger, the smart talking, quick handed pick-pocket. the leader of this gang is named fagin, an older fellow who sells all the stolen goods.but all is not well in london town when bill sykes played by oliver reed and his loving girlfriend nancy get tangled up with oliver, fagin and his young troops, and the law. what ensues is a marvelous tale of love, affection, and great musical numbers.whether or not you like musicals or not, one listen to these tunes and you will be humming them all day long. oliver! is a triumph on and off the stage and is a timeless work of art.

i took part in a little mini production of this when i was a bout 8 at school and my mum bought the video for me. i've loved it ever since!! when i was younger, it was the songs and spectacular dance sequences that i enjoyed but since i've watched it when i got older, i appreciate more the fantastic acting and character portrayal. oliver reed and ron moody were brilliant. i can't imagine anyone else playing bill sykes or fagin. shani wallis' nancy if the best character for me. she put up with so much for those boys, i think she's such a strong character and her final scene when... well, you know... always makes me cry! best musical in my opinion of all time. it's lasted all this time, it will live on for many more years to come! 11/10!!

i was lucky to see "oliver!" in 1968 on a big cinema screen in boston when i was a young teenager. later, during the summer of 1969, i was pleased to see this film was still playing at a prominent cinema in leicester square, london, after it had won the academy award for best picture of the previous year.th success of "oliver!" on both the stage and screen reminded me that not all talent begins on broadway and ends in hollywood. this legendary story by charles dickens, which is part of the literary heritage of all english-speaking people, was admirably brought to the london stage by lionel bart of great britain. his charming musical then became a hit in new york and throughout the world. the film adaptation was made in england during the summer of 1967 and then released in 1968. the sets and musical numbers are mind boggling. the song "who will buy?" required hundreds of actors and the british film director truly deserved his oscar for putting it all together in a seamless manner. some canadian and american talent is also part of this wonderful production, but mostly it is a tribute to the fine craftsmanship of the british film studios, such as shepperton. good show! other film studios at elstree, boreham wood, bray, denham, and ealing have also given the world many films to treasure over the years.

paul & grace hartman are my husbands grandparents. they were both deceased when we met so watching old movies is a good way to see them and their work. i have always enjoyed old movies and was very happy to discover that this was also a very good one.

i thought this movie was pretty good. some parts were corny but that's understandable since it was made more than 55 years ago. i thought the best performance in the movie was given by michele morgan who played millie convincingly. jack haley is also really good as mike o'brien. even though i'm not a big frank sinatra fan, i think he was very good in this movie. if your have a craving for a silly, over the top musical comedy, higher and higher is the movie for you.

if you have never viewed this film and like old time veteran actors, this is the film for you. seeing frank sinatra when he was very young and extremely thin with sunken in cheeks and a wonderful voice which sang some great old songs. michele morgan, (millie pico) gave an outstanding performance with plenty of dance and musical numbers. leon errol, (cyrus drake) gave a great supporting role along with victor borge, (sir victor fitzroy victor) who performed classical piano and no slap stick comedy like he did in his career. this is not a great musical, but frank sinatra was a great joy to see at the beginning of his career in the 1940's.

this is one of my all-time favorites. great music and some funny bits. i laugh every time at millie, the maid pretending to be a débutante, holding her dainty hankie while chatting, and mindlessly polishing furniture with it as she chats. i just never can get past her french accent never being a problem as they try to pass her off as the boss's daughter.seeing a teenage mel torme and the very young frank sinatra singing is such a treat. my mom saw frank sinatra at a theater about the same time this movie came out. she said they couldn't clear the "bobby-soxers" out between movies (in those days you didn't have to leave between showings). this movie shows you how attractive and appealing the young frank was and allows you to appreciate his early talent as well. and victor borge gets in a bit of his routine in, which is a bonus. this is a fun movie with a sweet, simple storyline. very enjoyable.

in frank sinatra's first three films, he was purely a speciality act: ostensibly playing himself, he merely shows up to croon a song during a nightclub sequence in somebody else's movie. in his fourth film, the very enjoyable 'higher and higher', young blue eyes transitions into an acting career by playing an actual role ... a task made easier because he's playing himself in a fictional story that gives him a chance to croon a few numbers.sinatra's entrance is quite funny. michele morgan hears a knock at the door, and asks who's there. from outside, a hoboken-toned voice answers 'frank sinatra'. sure enough...the opening credits of 'higher and higher' may confuse some viewers, as the names of songwriters rodgers and hart are prominently displayed. in fact, they only contributed one song to this musical: 'disgustingly rich', which this cast manage to toss off as a sort of intro to an entirely different song, 'i'm a debutante'. interestingly, that rodgers & hart song -- one of their weakest -- is perhaps the least enjoyable song in this movie's score; several others are lively up-tempo numbers, notably 'it's a most important affair', 'when it comes to love, you're on your own' and 'i saw you first'.sinatra's good in this movie, but he would do better work (and sing better material) elsewhere. the real merits of 'higher and higher' are the delightful turns by some performers who rarely made films. paul and grace hartman were an extremely popular husband-wife dance team who starred in several broadway revues: genuinely graceful ballroom dancers, they put plenty of physical comedy into their dance material. (here, grace does a high kick that knocks a shoe out of paul's hands.) grace hartman, who died of cancer at age 48, did almost no film work, so it's a real pleasure that this film gives us a rare chance to see her close-up, to hear her beautiful singing voice and to notice how sexy she looks in her maid's uniform. after grace hartman's death, her husband had a long career as a character actor, just occasionally dancing solo. (or alongside ken berry in one memorable episode of 'mayberry rfd'.)also quite attractive in a maid's uniform here in 'higher and higher' is the vivacious teenage singer marcy mcguire. why didn't this talented girl make more movies? perhaps she was just a bit too similar in personality to betty hutton. i enjoy hutton's performances but i like marcy mcguire even better. near the end of 'higher and higher' there's an amusing bit of physical business featuring mcguire and mary wickes as waitresses, taking it in turns to move from table to table in a nightclub. the alternating strides of short mcguire and tall gawky wickes are hilarious! regrettably, although leon errol plays a large role in 'higher and higher', he is given almost no comedy business: not once does he do his famous rubber-legged dance. jack haley, despite his prominent billing, is also wasted.very well-represented here is dooley wilson, inevitably remembered as sam from 'casablanca'. in that film, wilson did his own singing but faked his keyboard performance of 'as time goes by'. (in real life, wilson couldn't play piano.) here in 'higher and higher', he sings pleasingly and gives some amusing reactions to the other players. less enjoyable is mel odious, i mean mel torme. victor borge gives a rare film performance here, handling his dialogue deftly but never doing any of the keyboard comedy which he later did successfully in his stage shows.the plot? forget it. 'higher and higher' is nobody's idea of a 'great' musical, but it's an enjoyable delight, and i'll rate it 8 out of 10. director tim whelan, who worked in britain as well as in hollywood, deserves to be much better known.

mel torme and victor borge, in their younger years, serve to make this film interesting - and especially viewing a young sinatra, on the sunny side of 30, and definitely conveying that this was his "yes, i'm a popular singer, but hardly an actor yet" stage. michele morgan is an annoying, inane presence, and jack haley is an actor whose appeal has always been totally lost on me. leon erroll is silly, as always, but overall pretty funny. 7 stars of a potential 10 is about the right "grade," because with the combination of its positive aspects, along with the lack of much of a story, and a silly one at that, and the fore-mentioned annoyances - it is overall average at best. most of the fascination is from the viewing of the three entertainment icons in their early years.

this may not be one of the best movies ever made but overall it's a very enjoyable, light-hearted piece of froth in which everyone involved seems to be having a good time. highly recommended for it's feel-good factor alone. ok, so frank sinatra's "acting" leaves a lot to be desired but his singing is a great redeeming feature and the songs fit in perfectly with the romantic atmosphere of the film. sinatra went on to make many more films where his undoubted acting ability shone through but in this, his first venture into hollywood, his voice, not his acting, is his main contribution to this movie. i've just watched it again on tv and it still lifts my mood as much as it did the first time i saw it many many years ago.

higher and higher was one of rodgers&hart's lesser broadway musicals it only had a run of 84 performances on broadway in 1940. yet it yielded one of their bigger hits it never entered my mind.nevertheless except for one minor song, so disgustingly rich, the entire broadway score was scrapped when rko bought the film rights. instead a whole new score by jimmy mchugh and harold adamson was written, mostly to accommodate one francis albert sinatra who was making his feature film debut.sinatra who had done some vocal cameos in previous films, takes a leaf from the page of his singing rival bing crosby. when bing did his feature film debut in the big broadcast, he played bing crosby. frank sinatra took on the role of frank sinatra and i can't think of anyone who could have done a better job. the chairman of the board is billed third here behind stars jack haley and michele morgan. he's the butler and she's the scullery maid to leon errol. in fact errol is a millionaire who hasn't paid his help for seven months. mainly because he's about to go belly up into chapter 11 or so he informs the staff.errol's a delightful old soul to work for and none of the staff want to lose a good thing. they pool their resources and get michele morgan to impersonate errol's daughter who's over in switzerland with her mother. the idea being to snag a rich bankroll in the hopes rescuing the family fortune. only michele starts looking at another.it's a slight plot and certainly no worse than a whole lot of musicals, but rko invested this film with a good cast of players. barbara hale and elizabeth risdon play another débutante and her mother who suspect something's not right, victor borge is a fortune seeking no account, dooley wilson, paul hartman, grace hartman, marcy mcguire, mel torme and mary wickes, play others of the errol household staff. not a bad bunch at all.sinatra sang three good ballads all of them had some kind of commercial success, the music stopped, a lovely way to spend an evening, and i couldn't sleep a wink last night. the last one was nominated for an oscar for best song, but lost to alice faye's you'll never know.1943 was the year of the musician's union strike against the recording industry. to get their material out, frank sinatra recorded the songs from higher and higher with an acapella chorus for columbia. bing crosby recorded songs from his film dixie in the same manner for decca. both of them were denounced by the president of the union, james c. petrillo as strikebreakers and both did not cross the picket line again. the strike wasn't settle completely until 1944 although decca broke ranks earlier from the other record companies and settled earlier than columbia, rca victor and the others.the strike provided some anxious moments for sinatra. he had just left the tommy dorsey orchestra when the strike was called. it closed off a needed venue for his artistry when he wasn't sure whether leaving dorsey would prove to be a right career move. fortunately higher and higher was received well a legend was launched.

this superb film draws on a variety of talented actors and musicians at the top of their form - levant, crosby, martin, rathbone, manone are completely at home in the story that apparently was supplied by billy wilder. one would love to know more about how much he had to do with it, because it's an exceptionally clever variation on the sterile master/fertile servant tale - nearly an allegory of the entertainment industry, run by dried-up numskulls, but made into a vibrant world of art and play by an exploited underclass of nobodies and non-wasps. looking at the last six decades of music, tv, and film in the us, it's hard not to see the underlying insights of this film as prophetic.

billy wilder is co-credited for the story, and his unsentimental touch is noticeable in this quite original tale of ghostwriting songwriters who both work for burnt-out music legend oliver courtney. the obvious misunderstandings are gotten out of the way quite quickly, thank heaven, and what remains is a witty and breezy concoction with some fine songs (and some more forgettable ones), crosby at his most charming, a great turn by broadway legend mary martin and basil rathbone and oscar levant providing most of the cynical barbs (levant is in rare form and his quips haven't dated at all). a delightful surprise, and recommended for all fans of the genre.

while a pleasant enough musical, what stuck with me about this movie was the unexpected comedic chemistry between basil rathbone, as the has-been composer, and oscar levant as his assistant. playing a high strung, distracted artistic type (a far cry from his more familiar roles as either menacing villains or the coolly logical sherlock holmes), rathbone's character looks like he couldn't find his way out of bed without help. and that help is starbuck, played with his usual droll humor by oscar levant. upon hiring crosby's character as his ghost song writer, rathbone introduces him to starbuck by saying, "he does all my thinking for me.", to which levant responds, "ah, it's only a part-time job." of course this goes right past (or over) rathbone, who's too busy fretting about where his next hit song will come from. as another reviewer said, who knew rathbone could be so funny! too bad he didn't have more opportunities to display his comedic talent.

poor basil rathbone, an egotistical composer who's lost his muse. he's been faking it for some time, buying his lyrics and his music from various sources. trouble is that two of the sources (bing crosby music) and (mary martin words) happen to meet and fall in love. and then they discover what they've been doing. complications ensue, but all is righted at the end.crosby and martin sing terrifically. mary had signed a paramount contract and also at the same time doubled as a regular on crosby's kraft music hall radio show. for reasons i don't understand, movie audiences didn't take to her, so she went back to broadway and did one touch of venus in 1944 and stayed there.basil rathbone in one of the few times he played comedy does it very well. his ego is constantly being deflated by sidekick oscar levant and again i'm surprised they didn't do more films together.as in most of crosby's paramount vehicles, no big production numbers, but i agree with the previous reviewer about the title tune being done as an impromptu jam session in a pawn shop. good job by all.a surprisingly original plot and great entertainment.

and what a combo. two of the century's great singers star together in this underrated musical. he writes music, she writes lyrics, and they both work for basil rathbone who can't write either because his wife died (actually she just got fat!). best scene is the pawn shop number where bing sings an impromptu number while the swing band gets their instruments out of hock. just wonderful. and this is a rare starring role for broadway legend, mary martin, and she's quite good. charley grapewin, john scott trotter, william frawley, oscar levant (once again the manic pianist), charles lane, and helen bertram co-star. and who knew rathbone could be funny?

i loved it! fred macmurray is wonderful as skid johnson, a somewhat conceited, proud yet at the same time very vulnerable saxophone player who is in love with maggie (carole lombard), who's always there for him. they meet in panama after maggie comes off a ship and end up in a bar with anthony quinn. tony gets punched in the nose after her insults maggie by thinking her a loose woman - all because she took off her hat in public. big brawl and maggie ends up stuck in panama. romance. carole and arthur are great together. maggie is always there for him whenever he needs her. she urges him to go to ny where (well watch the movie and find out). they have these wonderful scenes together where she sings in his arms while he plays the saxophone. i definitely recommend it.

... so what's in those missing 10 minutes that were so horrible they had to cut them out from the original film? we were three years into the film production code... barbara stanwyck had starred in the original play, but here, carole lombard plays maggie king. co star fred macmurray is probably best known for "double indemnity", with stanwyck, as well as his hit tv show "my three sons". keep an eye out for a young dorothy lamour (bob hope movies) and the too-fabulous franklin pangborn, who spiced up just about every film put on tape. of course, he works in the beauty salon on the ship! add the sublime charles butterworth and anthony quinn. good timing and clever banter at the beginning. maggie's buddy ella is played by jean dixon, who was the best friend in "holiday" and "my man godfrey". in "swing high", maggie the tourist meets a soldier who is leaving the army. maggie misses her boat when it leaves port and gets tangled up with the soldier. the dashing 20-something quinn has a small scene at the local bar in panama where johnson (macmurray) has been playing the trumpet. maggie, harry (butterworth), and skid band together and try to figure out how to get back to the states. some good singing by lamour. good (but brief) acting performance by cecil cunningham as "murph", the wise, helpful owner of the local saloon in panama. while others have lamented at how bad it is, it wasn't so awful, and is even a little exotic, with the fake central america locale setting for the first half of the film.

i am quite the mitchell leisen fan so it was a great anticipation that i rented this movie but the print i got was extremely bad, so worn down from use and scorched seemingly beyond repair, the movie was so dark. so dark that in certain scenes that are cinematographed in the dark, you can't see a single thing. that said, i believe i share the same opinion as the first review of this movie. it starts out unusually and does not tote the lines and rhythms of your typical hollywood 30's movie. heck, not even your typical hollywod movie of any era. it seems the director has been influenced by the europeans because there is a certain caustic realism to the proceedings from the opening shot which is so crafted in camera movement and placement as maggie (carole lombard) and skid (fred macmurray) meet. you half expect them to start singing "make believe" from show boat.it starts with a few laughs and poor anthony in a one scene role where he speaks not a word of english gets slapped around by freddie. skids is a bum who doesn't care that he's a bum. that's why he signs up in the army where he can hide from the world. he's just been released though and in a set of screenplay shenanigans, she misses her boat for new york. this is when the movie kicks into high gear and we begin to get those french movie of the sixties vibes to the whole proceedings. the scenes are so well acted by lombard and cecil cunningham, the movie gains a pulse. macmurray is good too as he and lombard fall for each other as she nurtures his talent for the trumpet. then the temptress arrives in the form of dorothy lamour. enough with plot. the movie has fantastic montage sequences that dazzled me. they are very good. and lombard scores a home run in this movie but in the second half, a bit more is called of freddie and he fails to deliver the goods. with a heavily melodramatic ending and an actor you don't believe, the movie falls short but since it is not your typical movie in structure, set design, and direction. it is worth a look. for what is what it was one of the 37 hits of the 1936-37 season. i don't know its exact rank though.

the third fred macmurray/carole lombard film is a bit more serious than hands across the table and the princess comes across. it's yet another adaption of the play burlesque which apparently was popular back in the day.the original play burlesque ran on broadway in the 1927-1928 season for 372 performances and it's the role that carole lombard plays that barbara stanwyck originated on broadway that brought her to hollywood. a version starred nancy carroll in the early days of talkies and later on betty grable and dan dailey did still another version of it in when my baby smiles at me.in fact i have a vinyl album of a radio version that al jolson and ruby keeler did for the lux radio theater. that's an interesting work, believe me.anyway macmurray and lombard do fine by the old chestnut, the story is now set in a nightclub where lombard is a singer and macmurray is a jazz trumpeter. note a nice performance by dorothy lamour as the latin vixen who gets between fred and carole. also anthony quinn is in one of his earliest films as a wolf on the make for lombard.swing high, swing low holds up real nice today and i wouldn't be surprised if we see yet another version of burlesque for the twenty first century.

i first came across this film when i read a book (written in the 1970s) about the career of mitchell leisin. i have to admit that over the years i have watched many of his films and find his best work really high quality. swing high, swing low was supposed to be one of his best. while it did not bore me, it did not impress me as much as hold back the dawn, death takes a holiday, kitty, or even golden earings. i suspect it just dates too much now to be well liked.working at paramount leisin had a problem in those films that he did which were musicals. most of the scores he worked with were fairly mediocre. it's true that twice standards appeared in his films, but they were really rare cases: "cocktales for two" appeared in murder at the vanities, and "mona lisa" came out of captain carey, u.s.a. but the rest of the score for murder at the vanities was forgettable. "mona lisa" was the only tune in captain carey. it shouldn't have been this way - leisin's studio had rogers and hart working for it in the early 1930s. why couldn't he have been assigned to a project with them? the score for swing high, swing low, is pleasant but forgettable. unfortunately, the movie is centered in the entertainment world, as fred macmurray demonstrates great talents as a trumpet player (he even works carole lombard into his act by looping his arms around her when he blows his trumpet). the song (sung by lombard) about how her lover's playing thrills her, is important to the plot. it works in the film, but it would have been better if the song was more memorable.there is a picaresque style to the film - it begins on an ocean liner that lombard works on, as a manicurist. she is constantly being bullied by her boss franklin pangborn (the ship's barber). then the ship is entering into the panama canal, and we see macmurray as a soldier, who's enlistment is ending shortly. their first scene together has a nice leisin touch in it: macmurray is talking to lombard, she on the deck of the boat and he on the edge of the wall of the lock. nice way to keep the action going while the dialog hits a dull bit.the film follows the rise and fall of the skid johnson (macmurray) as he meets lombard, and begins his reputation as a trumpet player, but meets the "other woman" in the film, dorothy lamore. the best moments in the film deal with the collapse of the relationship with lombard, and his collapse as a jazz trumpeter (his appearance and need for alcohol is very untypical for a macmurray character - even his darker figures like walter neff or mr. sheldrake or the naval officer who pushes the caine mutiny did not demonstrate a reliance on alcohol.lombard is good as the woman loved but wronged by macmurray. lamore has little to really do - possibly the film had more scenes with her in it, but one stands out is her attempt to get macmurray onto the wagon again. in his opening bit pangborn is fine. rarely noticed in films, small part actor carl judels is effective as a fair weather fan/friend of macmurray, who drops him as he goes under (though he gives him a hand-out).charles butterworth is as trivial in this film as usual, but he does have one moment when he looks sheepishly at his hands on the keyboard of a piano in the rooms he, his girlfriend, macmurray, and lombard share - his red faced appearance is due to embarrassment about a lie that macmurray is insisting is true. it was a nice, subtle moment. if only his subtlety had been in his acting rather than his moments of diffident humor.

if you fast forward through the horrible singing, you will find a classic fairy tale underneath. christopher walken is very humorous and surprisingly good in the role. his trademark style of acting works well for the sly puss in boots. the other actors are well for their parts. i did not find any of the acting terribly fake or awkward. the king in particular appears a real dunce though, and i wonder if he is supposed to be. i can not remember the original tale. the special effects are typical of the eighties, but at least they are not overly fake like some of the computer generated fare that we see today. overall, i recommend this movie for children and adults who are a child at heart.

this film reminds me of 42nd street starring bebe daniels and ruby keeler. when i watch this film a lot of it reminded me of 42nd street, especially the character eloise who's a temperamental star and she ends up falling and breaks her ankle, like bebe daniels did in 42nd street and another performer gets the part and become a star. this film, like most race films, keeps people watching because of the great entertainment. race films always showed black entertainment as it truly was that was popular in that time era. the dancing styles, the music, dressing styles, you'll love it. this movie could of been big if it was made in hollywood, it would of had better scenery, better filming, and more money which would make any movie better. but its worth watching because it is good and micheaux does good with the little he has. i have to say out of all micheaux's films, swing is the best! the movie features singers, dancers, actresses, and actors who were popular but forgotten today. doli armena, a awesome female trumpet player who can blow the horn so good that you think gabriel is blowing a horn in the sky. the sexy, hot female dancer consuela harris would put ann miller and gyspy rose lee to shame.adding further info... popular blues singer of the 20's and 30's cora green is the focus of the film, she's mandy, a good, hard working woman with a no good man who takes her money and spend it on other women. a nosy neighbor played by amanda randolph tells mandy what she seen and heard and mandy goes down to the club and catches her man with an attractive, curvy woman by the name of eloise (played hazel diaz, a hot-cha entertainer in the 30's) and a fight breaks out. then mandy goes to harlem where she reunites with a somewhat guardian angel lena played by one of the most beautiful women in movies dorothy van engle. lena provides mandy with a home, a job, and helps her become a star when temperamental cora smith (played by hazel, i guess she's playing two parts or maybe she changed her stage name) tries to ruin the show with her bad behavior. when cora gets drunk and breaks her leg, lena convinces everyone that mandy is right for the job and lena is right and a star is born in mandy. tall, long, lanky, but handsome carman newsome is the cool aspiring producer who lena looks out for as well. pretty boy larry seymour plays the no good man but after lena threatens him, he might shape up. there are a few highlights but the one that sticks out to me is the part where cora smith (hazel diaz) struts in late for rehearsal and goes off on everyone and then her man comes in and punches her in the jaw but that's not enough, she almost gets into a fight with mandy again. in between there's great entertainment by chorus girls, tap dancers, shake dancers, swing music, and blues singing. there's even white people watching the entertainment, i wonder where micheaux found them, there's even a scene where there's blacks and whites sitting together at the club, micheaux frequently integrated blacks and whites in his films, he should be commended for such a bold move.this movie was the first race film i really enjoyed and it helped introduced me to oscar micheaux. this movie is one of the best of the race film genre, its a behind the scenes story about the ups and downs of show business.no these early race films may not be the best, can't be compared with hallelujah, green pastures, stormy weather, cabin in the sky, carmen jones, or any other hollywood films but their great to watch because their early signs of black film-making and plus these films provide a glimpse into black life and black entertainment through a black person's eyes. these films gave blacks a chance to play people from all walks of life, be beautiful, classy, and elegant, and not just be stereotypes or how whites felt blacks should be portrayed like in hollywood. most of the actors and actresses of these race films weren't the best, but they were the only ones that could be afforded at the time, micheaux and spencer williams couldn't afford nina mae mckinney, josephine baker, ethel waters, fredi washington, paul robeson, rex ingram, and more of the bigger stars, so micheaux and other black and white race film-makers would use nightclub performers in their movies, some were good, some weren't great actors and actresses, but i think micheaux and others knew most weren't good actors and actresses but they were used more as apart of an experiment than for true talent, they just wanted their stories told, and in return many black performers got to perform their true talents in the films. for some true actors/actresses race films were the only type of films they could get work, especially if they didn't want to play hollywood stereotypes, so i think you'll be able to spot the true actors/actresses from the nightclub performers. these race films are very historic, they could have been lost forever, many are lost, maybe race films aren't the greatest example of cinema but even hollywood films didn't start out great in the beginning. i think if the race film genre continued, it would have better. if your looking for great acting, most race films aren't the ones, but if your looking for a real example of black entertainment and how blacks should have been portrayed in films, than watch race films. there are some entertaining race films with a good acting cast, moon over harlem, body and soul, paradise in harlem, keep punching, sunday sinners, dark manhattan, broken strings, boy! what a girl, mystery in swing, miracle in harlem, and sepia cinderella, that not only has good entertainment but good acting.

sarafina was a fun movie, and some of the songs were really great. sarafina was very entertaining. i don't normally like music things like this, but the singing was not lame like it looked like on the box. the movie was useful for learning about history because it was an interesting perspective of the soweto rioting of 1976. it showed you things from the perspective of the students in the rioting and showed you that they were real characters. because you got to see them as real characters this makes you like them more as an audience, and makes you more sympathetic to them as totally the victims of the white government, who you can not sympathise with. the singing of the students is correct because we know from accounts that the students in the riot were singing and dancing before it became violent. the clothing of the students in sarafina is very similar to the clothing shown in photos from soweto. they made the movie actually in soweto, which is why it looks very accurate in many parts. all these things make the film more accurate for someone using it to learn about aparthied. as viewers we must be critical of the way the history of apartheid was presented. as i said before, you become sympathetic to the students - this makes it potentially less reliable and objective. also, it changes some of the details from other accounts. in sarafina it turns to chaos when the policeman comes into their classroom and shoots the students. the police and army were very aggressive at soweto, but this is probably an exaggerated event. the police and army did shoot students, but there is not evidence of them going into schools and executing people like this. the fighting was more in the streets and had looting and crime. this is done in the movie probably to make you feel more sorry for the school students. the movie would have been more useful if it had some different information about aparthied. the teacher was arrested for being against the government, and the mum goes to work in a white persons house. but there is not any information about the government and why they were doing it or any details about the racist policies and laws. -by george s, chris and finlay

i believe sarafina is a tremendous effort of whoopi goldberg. besides her, there are no other stars in the film and her role is smaller than the title character, sarafina. since i work in a high school with urban children, i think this is an important film to show south african history of apartheid. sarafina is a movie about education and a teacher's relationship with her student, sarafina. i bought the video for practically nothing at a videostore. i watched it and fast forwarded through the musical numbers. but i strongly recommend this film to educators and their students to understand. now while i don't know the other actors and actresses in the film, i assume that they are very popular in south africa and i am glad that they filmed with a south african cast and crew with the exception of goldberg in a small role but if it gets people to see this movie, than whoopi reaches worldwide appeal.

i bought this cheap from the rental remnant at our local store. it was in almost mint condition, and i'd never heard of it before. clearly nobody else had either.i can't believe my luck. you go through the whole realm of emotions and it attempts to get over a complex message - the very moral and non-triumphalist stance of the mandela party, undoubtedly. despite its enormous length (i had to watch it in two sittings) - it was like a book one couldn't put down. perhaps the songs are not all that memorable, but the spirit of the thing glows on forever. i cannot understand comments that a musical (clearly designed for stage) is not realistic! i've seen "south pacific" and read the book too, and can guarantee that musical is not realistic compared to the book. i'll treasure this little find until it wears out. one day they'll make this again on a better budget.

a damn good movie! one that is seriously underrated. the songs that the children sing in the movie gave me a sense of their pain, but also their hope for the future. whoopi goldberg puts in a good performance here, but the best performance throughout the whole movie is that of the actress who plays the title character. i wish she was in more movies.this movie should have a higher rating. i give it a 10/10.

i saw this movie, and the play, and i have to add that this was the most touching story that i had ever seen. until i saw this movie i was unaware of how awful life was and probably still is for the south african children and adults that were and are living in that era. it brought tears to my eyes and much sadness to my heart that any human being should have to struggle like that just to stay alive, and to bring the children right out of that area and teach them to act and preform and turn them loose to tell their own story is simply amazing. this simply surpass a five star, i rate it a ten. thank you mr. mbongeni ngema for such a astonishing story. although it has been 12 years since this story has been told, it is still one that lays heavy in my heart.if there is a vhs, or dvd out there on the play, please notify me asap.thank you. ps there was nothing wrong with the kids wanting to bring awareness of their problems and conditions to the attention of other countries in hopes that some one would have a heart and offer assistance.

ok, so the musical pieces were poorly written and generally poorly sung (though walken and marner, particularly walken, sounded pretty good). and so they shattered the fourth wall at the end by having the king and his nobles sing about the "battle" with the ogre, and praise the efforts of puss in boots when they by rights shouldn't have even known about it.who cares? it's christopher freakin' walken, doing a movie based on a fairy tale, and he sings and dances. his acting style fits the role very well as the devious, mischievous puss who seems to get his master into deeper and deeper trouble but in fact has a plan he's thought about seven or eight moves in advance. and if you've ever seen walken in any of his villainous roles, you *know* the ogre bit the dust hard at the end when walken got him into his trap.a fun film, and a must-see for anyone who enjoys the unique style of christopher walken.

although this was obviously a low-budget production, the performances and the songs in this movie are worth seeing. one of walken's few musical roles to date. (he is a marvelous dancer and singer and he demonstrates his acrobatic skills as well - watch for the cartwheel!) also starring jason connery. a great children's story and very likable characters.

i never saw this when i was a kid, so this was seen with fresh eyes. i had never heard of it and rented it for my 5 year old daughter. plus, the idea of christopher walken singing and dancing made me curious. the special fx are cheesy and the singing and dancing is mediocre. but the story is great. my daughter was entranced. i loved watching walken in this role thinking about what the future held for him. very amusing to see him dance! and if the songs weren't great, at least they weren't disney over-produced saccharine sweetness. the ogre scene in the beginning was a little scary for her, and she was a little nervous when we saw him again at the end, but it was mostly benign. interestingly, we had recently read "puss in boots", and i had wondered about the implausibility of the story. but while staying true to almost every aspect, walken's acting made it believable. great fun. i'd watch it again with my daughter.

when i was a kid i watched this many times over, and i remember whistling the "happy cat" song quite often. all the songs are great, and actually memorable, unlike many children's musicals, where the songs are just stuck in for no real reason. the scenes and costumes are lavish, and the acting is very well-done, which isn't surprising, considering the cast. christopher walken is very catlike, and doesn't need stupid make-up, or a cat costume for the viewer to believe he's a cat transformed to a human. and jason connery's so cute, as the shy and awkward miller's son, corin, who falls in love with beautiful and the bold princess vera. this is a really fun, enjoyable, feature-length movie, where unlike most fairytales, the characters are given personalities. some of my favourite parts are when puss makes corin pretend he's drowning; at the ball when everybody starts dancing a country dance, as it's "all the rage abroad"; when walken is in the kitchen, dancing on the table (he's a pretty good dancer, too!); and when vera tells corin all the things she used to do when she was young, like pretending she was a miller's daughter. i'd recommend this film to children and parents alike, who love magic and fairytales. and it actually is a movie you can watch together, as it won't drive adults up the wall.

the whole point of making this film, one of the earliest and best international color releases of cinematic opera, was to make it more accessible to the masses. and it succeeded admirably in doing so. the general public would not sit still for a love story about two young exotic lovers in ancient egypt if played by the typical 300 pound over 40 tenor and soprano with the vocal equipment to sing the glorious music properly. hence the visual substitution of the beautiful principals (a young loren, handsome della marra, and a slinky ms. maxwell)who make the story much more believable, giving those not familiar with the plot or the music a better chance at being wooed into the lovely arias who otherwise might not be. altogether, an enchanting introduction to one of verdi's great works. i remember seeing this when i was in junior high school and it certainly awakened my interest in opera, a form with which i was then not well acquainted. i still regard this film fondly and would recommend it highly to those who might appreciate the great music accompanied by better than average visuals. luciano della marra was a standout as radames, and unfortunately for audiences did not appear in any other films.

i'm amazed we see even one nay-sayer criticizing this old film. we don't ordinarily get good opera films, and here is a true grand opera rendition. understandably, the visuals are not great. it's dated. but as opera it can't be faulted; and i'm an opera buff. i can't even detect one lip-sync; if we didn't know that was tebaldi in the audio nothing would convince me it isn't sophia loren. she does everything with flair! her dark makeup is fine; and she brought the role to gorgeous life! the rest of the cast is wonderful, as is that stunning ballet troupe. most of the actors are excellent; loren truly marvelous. her rival amneris is also terrific. whoever didn't care for this 1953 job is shamefully remiss. verdi would have enjoyed it! naturally, renata tebaldi as aida is the engine behind the scenes. i love this old movie!

endearing tale........ voted ten against all averages for my age and sex... not all that much comedy (compared to a i almost wet myself movie) although funny enough. not a fan of musicals at all so probably a little too much for me, but they do give you time to grab a drink or soda without missing anything important. maybe a fifties version of when harry met sally? ahab no not really but if that is in your top ten like it is mine you will like this movie. really it just leaves you with a warm fuzzy feeling, reminding you of what romance could and should be like, something to shoot for. my summary describes it best in very few words..... quite charming

i find this movie very enjoyable. the plot is simple and easily digestible, the humour is light and clean, and because the storyline involving mistaken identity is quite common, i find myself looking forward to how this movie flesh this story out. turns out to be very nice. the performance of the female lead is admirable; her portrayal of an innocent, naive girl trying to fabricate some white lies to david's sophisticated role was very charming. i also find vera's dancing very, very well done. i find myself drawn to her toes as she pranced about the stage effortlessly and flawlessly.for those who have had enough of profanity-filled movies of today, you will enjoy this movie thoroughly.

a few years ago, i bought several $1 dvd's that contained two movies each. one of them had three broadway girls (an alternate title for the greeks had a word for them) and this one, happy go lovely. it's basically a backstage musical comedy that takes place in scotland and concerns mistaken identity involving one of the dancers hitching a ride from a millionaire's limousine. vera-ellen is that dancer and-wow, what legs! ceasar romero is her producer who takes a chance on her after the original leading lady leaves because he thinks she's dating the millionaire whose car i just mentioned. and david niven is that rich guy who, when looking for vera-ellen, is mistaken for a reporter who's supposed to interview her but gets stalled by romero. what i've just mentioned may be confusing but (mostly) makes sense if you're willing to check your brain while watching this charmingly screwball comedy with wonderful musical numbers as performed by the exquisite ms. vera-ellen. romero can be a bit frantic here but niven becomes hilariously bemused throughout. the print i saw was actually pretty good considering its age and the fact that it's in public domain. and vera-ellen does pretty well with her lines since she's not really an actress. so on that note, i highly recommend happy go lovely for movie buffs who love old-fashioned musical comedies.

i was having just about the worst day of my life. then i stumbled on this cute film, watched it, and now i'm ready to go out & kiss a streetlamp.i have to admit, i only watched it for 2 reasons: vera-ellen's legs. but it's really so much more. the plot is actually quite clever and creatively woven. it's almost like a shakespearean comedy with all of its delightful misunderstandings. and of course there's also... vera-ellen's legs.the only unfortunate aspect of this film is that the version i purchased (the "100 family classics" collection by mill creek entertainment) doesn't have the best video quality, and i've heard the same about the alpha release. the brightness and contrast are a bit too high, so a lot of the scenes seem bleached out especially when vera is dancing in a white dress. but i suppose you can fiddle with the controls of your tv set to compensate. i can only imagine how it looked on the big screen back in '51. the stage sets, costumes & colours are otherwise dazzling & delightfully creepy--sort of in a "cabinet of dr. caligari" vein.as far as the romance goes, this is just perfect. not sappy, not contrived, not melodramatic. just 100% ahhhhhh. too bad, you poor schmucks, your miserable lives will never be as charming as this. har har har. wait, what am i laughing at? my life sucks just as bad as yours. oh hell. time to watch this movie again.

this is one of the best ensemble comedy/musical "b" film's that i have seen (and since i'm in my 40's now and only seeing this now, i am not an expert but i have seen all the well known films out there). when there are a ton of actors getting their lead for minutes at a time, usually the comedy interferes with the musical bits, and very often the musical pieces interrupt the comedic flow. call me in a crazy kind of mood but when i saw this on tcm europe, i was laughing out loud with pleasure! so who delivered the laughs for me? without a doubt mischa auer delivered me some terrific gut busting laughs, he even steals the ending, it was great! speaking of which, i think why this movie works is because although l & h are a selling point (and why i got hooked to watch this one (them and hal roach), i love them in their early hal roach stuff), this keeps them at a minimum and stays squarely on adult fare (by 1930's standards, and not that far from today's standards if you read between the lines). jack haley is also great to watch, i admit that i only know him from w o oz and i loved him there, and i also laughed out loud here at his waiter bit in the show. patsy kelly is the only "ugly" femme in the 30's movies that actually turns me on (something tells me she was a spitfire in real life); and the musical numbers have a real professional production (busby berkley'ish) quality, that blew me away from what i am used to in this genre. i could go on and on, but rest assured i really enjoyed this movie. 8 of 10 i saw it on tcm europe and will record it to watch again with my wife on tcm usa. good stuff!

this is your standard musical comedy from the '30's, with a big plus that it features some well known '30's actors in small fun cameo's.there is not much to the story and basically the movie is all about its fun and 'no-worries' overall kind of atmosphere, with a typical hal roach comedy touch to it. appereantly it's a 'cinderella story' but i most certainly didn't thought of it that way while watching the movie. the story gets very muddled in into the storytelling, that features many different characters and also many small cameo appearance, when the main characters hit the hollywood studios.of course the highlight of the movie is when laurel & hardy make their appearance and show some of their routines. it's like watching a movie and getting a laurel & hardy short with it for free. also laurel & hardy regular walter long makes an appearance in the routine and james finlayson (without a mustache this time) as the director of the short.it's certainly true that all of the cameo's and subplots distract from the main plot line and character but in this case that is no problem, since its all way more fun and interesting to watch than the main plot line and the shallow typical main character.the movie is most certainly not any worse than any of its other genre movies from the same time period, though the rating on here would suggest otherwise.7/10

director edward sedgwick, an old hand at visual comedy, successfully leads this hal roach road show which tenders a fast-moving and adroit scenario and excellent casting, employing a large number of roach's reliable performers. although the film was originally plotted as a vehicle for patsy kelly, sunny jack haley stars as joe jenkins, a young kansan who sells his auto repair business and journeys to hollywood, where he attempts to wangle a screen role for the girl he loves, star-struck cecilia (rosina lawrence). sedgwick, who prefers using the entire m-g-m studio as his set, does so here as cecilia, always ready for an audition, is treated by a would-be paramour, cinema star rinaldo lopez (mischa auer), to behind-the-scenes action of, naturally, a musical comedy, featuring broadway headliner lyda roberti. laurel and hardy provide several enjoyable interludes, including their well-known skit involving a tiny harmonica, and we watch fine turns by such as joyce compton, russell hicks and walter long. on balance, one must hand the bays to mischa auer, who clearly steals the picture as an emotional movie star, a role which he largely creates, and to the director for his clever closing homage to busby berkeley's filmic spectacles.

if ever i was asked to remember a song from a film of yester years, then it would have to be "chalo di daar chalo chand ke paar chalo" for its meaning, the way it is sung by lata mangeshkar and mohd. rafi, the lyrics by kaif bhopali and not to mention the cinema photography when the sailing boat goes out against the black background and the shining stars. the other would have to be "chalte chalte." pakeezah was meena kumari's last film before she died and the amount of it time it took can be seen on the screen. in each of the the songs that are picturised, she looks young but after that she does not. but one actor who didn't change in his looks was the late raj kumar, who falls in love with her and especially her feet, after he accidentally goes into her train cabin and upon seeing them, he leaves a note describing how beautiful they are.conclusion: pakeezah is a beautiful romantic story that, if at all possible should be viewed on large screen just for the sake of the cinema photography and songs. the movie stars the meena kumari, raj kumar and ashok kumar and is directed by kamal amrohi.kamal amrohi's grandson has now started to revive his grand father's studio by making a comedy movie.

this film opened to poor showings in the first few weeks. then meena kumari died and it just brought the crowds rolling in. songs on all india radio, especially inhi logon ne were played so often that i was sick of them at the time, despite recognising their beauty! yes, it did take all those years to make. this was because the marriage was a very unhappy one and kamal amrohi also had difficulty finding the money to make the film; looking at the sumptous sets and costumes, not surprising!! not only does meena kumari age and fall ill but listen carefully to lata's voice. inhi logon ne has her 50's younger voice while songs that were re-recorded like chalo dildar chalo show clear development. i only wish someone would find the ghulam mohammad songs that weren't included in the film, because of changing fashions that called for fewer though slightly songs and publish them. lata in a recent interview (2007) rated ghulam mohammad as one of the best composers she had ever worked with, apart from madan mohan (a great personal friend). notice also that you hardly see the actors at all in the chalo dildar songs, very unusual. there is only a brief shot of raj kumar from the middle distance and you only see the back of the supposed meena kumari. kamal amrohi made a virtue out of necessity and focused on the stars and moon. any other film, this song would have had close-ups of both of them.as for this being the finest film ever, i would beg to differ. it means you have missed a lot of indian cinema, in no particular order, films like barsaat (old), devdas (older versions), bandini, do bigha zameen, garam hava, dastak, guddi, aan, pyasa, kagaz ke phool, sahib bibi aur ghulam, kabuliwallah, abhimaan, guide, sujatha, bombay ka babu, daag, parineeta (old), umrao jaan, etc. etc. and if you valued music more than story the list would simply grow with beautiful scores from barsat ki raat to naya daur, teesri manzil, mahal, aag, jugnu, anand, mera naam joker: the list is really endless!so enjoy pakeezah but don't miss out on any of the above...

such a film of beauty that it's hard to describe. maybe it's the absence of superfluous dialogue, or maybe it's the absolutely stellar soundtrack, or maybe it's just meena mumari's feet, but it's a joy to watch this movie again and again. i've never seen another indian movie that comes close to it, and few from any country rival its perfection.

mina kumari exhibits more style and grace just moving from standing, to sitting on the floor than you can find in most other movies. the director has produced more memorable scenes of touching beauty than it would seem possible. the music and dancing is of the highest possible quality. you may notice in the first dance scene the director has all sorts of things occurring in the background:other girl dancing, a drunk falling down stairs, much activity, but he knew that we would be watching mina dance and i'll bet unless you viewed this many times, you didn't notice.all in all, perfection.j.q.

the ultimate homage to a great film actress.the film is a masterpiece of poetry on the screen.like great poetry it is timeless.direction,cast,screenplay,music,lyrics,in fact all the norms for movie-making are perfectly chosen to suit the message of the film.the muslim society in india has never been presented with such respect,nobility and reality.the script is memorable in the hands of meena,ashok,raaj kumar,nadira etc to name a few.personally i was most impressed by the regal looking kamal kapoor.the master movie maker kamal amrohi's lasting legacy to the sub-continent.a very beautiful film on a controversial theme that makes humanity look up and face the reality of the outcasts in the world.'in ka naam? pakeeza! haan pakeza'.such acting is unheard of in this age of sex,dance and pornography.

this is definitely one of the best movies i've ever seen-- it has everything-- a genuinely touching screenplay, fine actors that make subtlety a beautiful art to watch, an actually elegant romance (it's a shame that that kind of romance just doesn't seem to exist anymore), lovely songs and lyrics (especially the final song), an artistic score, and costumes and sets that make you want to live in them. the ending was only a disappointment in that i was expecting a spectacular film to have a brilliant end-- but it was still more wonderful then the vast majority of movies out there. definitely check this movie out-- over and over again. there are many details you miss the first time that deserve a second look.

a great film requiring an acquired taste. if you're into action, wham bam films and hate serious love stories then its not for you. otherwise, if you like to sit in front of a good intelligent movie now and again i recommend this very highly. easily the best film produced in bollywood this century.the only other indian film i would give 10/10 for is dil wale dulhaniya le jayenge. even then it comes second to this masterpiece.

pakeezah has a very interesting history (which is well documented in the 'trivia' section) about how it came to be. it seems as if destiny conspired to test kamal amrohi (the director) while at the same time secretly desiring to see him complete his masterpiece.pakeezah rides on metaphors, poetry and visual elocution. as a result the intensity with which emotions come out achieve a dimension which may not be very real but are very effective and leave an impact on the viewer.meena kumari lives the tragedy of nargis and sahib jaan like her own. the other stars of the film, besides her, are ghulam mohammed (the music director), lata mangeshkar, naushad (background score) and joseph wirsching (the d.o.p). their music and cinematography leaves you spell bound.pakeezah is a classic in world cinema. it reveals new layers to you every time you watch it again. kamal amrohi is one of the rare poets of cinema and he left us all a gift.

besides the fact that it was one of the few movies that i ever shed a tear over (bye-bye manhood), this is one of the most beautifully crafted indian films that has ever been made. from the finely crafted sets, to those haunting looks meena kumari gives, no one can ever forget it. the music of pakeezah is amazing, all the more if you can understand the sublime poetry, and is definitely one of those "omg, 5 minutes another song" movies. you get the feeling of how trapped sahibjaan is in among all the amazing jewelery she wears and fountained court yard she casually walks past.a parody of all the dreams you've ever had..........

perhaps the most polished and accomplished of all indian films - pakeezah does not fall into any of the traps commonly associated with bollywood film (ie tackiness, farce, wholesale and unsuccessful imitation of western film themes/genres). pakeezah is indigenous to the sub-continent and authentic, almost madam butterfly-like in plot. characters are well-developed, direction, although sometimes unrefined by today's standards, perceptive and convincing. the urdu-speaking milieux at the time of pakeezah were masters of understatement and how the dialogue conveys the subtleties of the age! the acting (particularly the 'looks' and the dynamic between characters) are a delight to behold although the nuances may be lost on contemporary viewers or those not acquainted with the mores and customs of muslim india.coupled, with a captivating screenplay is a beautiful musical score, enhanced by the protagonist displaying eminent command of classical indian dance (kathak). as is the case with most romantic tragedies, the heroine must die, but she does not take her leave of the audience without the viewer feeling he/she has been party to a truly memorable cinema experience. pakeezah is surely the pinnacle of what indian cinema has produced and is unlikely to be paralleled.

pakeezah is in my mind the greatest achievement of indian cinema. the film is visually overwhelming but also emotionally breathtaking. the music, the songs, the sets, the costumes, the cinematography, in fact every creative element is worthy of superlatives.

this movie is one among the very few indian movies, that would never fade away with the passage of time, nor would its spell binding appeal ever diminish, even as the indian cinema transforms into the abyss of artificially styled pop culture while drill oriented extras take to enhancing the p.t. styled film songs.the cinematography speaks of the excellent skills of josef werching that accentuate the monumental and cinema scope effect of the film in its entirety.gone are the days of great cinema, when every scene had to be clipped many times and retakes taken before finalizing it, while meticulous attention was paid in crafting and editing the scenes. some of its poignant scenes are filled with sublime emotional intensity, like the instance, when meena kumari refuses to say "yes" as an approval for nikah (marriage bond) and climbs down the hill while running berserk in traumatized frenzy. at the moment, raj kumar follows her, and a strong gale of wind blew away the veil of kumari and onto the legs of kumar........kamal amrohi shall always be remembered with golden words in the annals of indian cinema's history for endeavoring to complete this movie in a record setting 12 years. he had to manage filming of some of the vital songs without meena's close ups, because meena kumari, the lady in the lead role was terminally ill and fighting for her life in early 1971.

without question, this film has to be one of the greatest ........ in cinematic history. i have it watched too many times to remember, and each time it is like i am seeing the film for the first time.where does one begin?meena kumari's central performance is undoubtedly one of the finest of her career, followed closely by sahib bibi aur ghulam and phool aur pathar. each movement and nuance of her performance, makes any other bollywood heroine pale into significance. her masterly interpretation of kathak coupled with her grace, tragic vulnerability and poetic delivery of urdhu, is like nothing ever seen on the bollywood screen.pakeezah is perhaps the most stylised interpretation of the human condition; the photography, sumptuous cinematography and mise en scene, are so charged with symbolism and meaning, that the viewer is left breathless.naushads music, is unsurpassed, his knowledge of the music of the courtesan gharanas is incredible, and the way in which he punctuates the narrative with dark atmospheric motifs and overwhelming romantic melodies is indeed remarkable.my only advice to anyone who seriously enjoys the spectacle of total cinema, should watch this epic mediation on life and art.

at last - i've finally got round to it and managed to see a "clean" copy of pakeezah! up until now i've only had a mangled scratchy jerky version taped off dubai tv sometime in the '90's, with quirky english subtitles, dizzying widescreen coverage and a fluid colour with a mind of its own. having thought the world of such a poor (and short) copy i find the decent one was well worth the wait and the full 140 minutes even more of a pleasure than i thought possible.this was the lovely meena kumari's film from start to finish, and i believe was planned by her from 1958 on, finally realising it in 1971. what a shame it was that chronic alcoholism finally killed her soon afterwards, and in fact that she was too ill to perform in some of the scenes in pakeezah, necessitating a body double. in some scenes the strain definitely shows in her face.the story of purity versus adversity i can only treat as fiction having no experience of anything remotely close to it, but i'm led to understand that it faithfully depicts a world now gone that must have been common at one time in india. it's a sparkling and colourful film with a simple relentless epic message, an intense romantic tragedy which is somehow simultaneously feelgood too. but to me it's the peerless golden music by ghulam mohammed as sung by the incomparable lata mangeshkar - especially thare rahiyo - and its part in the unfolding of the story that makes this film so outstanding. i've seldom heard such serious, beautiful, poetic, wondrously sung and played songs on any movie soundtrack. singin' in the rain may be my favourite musical film but pakeezah has my favourite music - yet lata said that the songs themselves meant nothing special to her. the only pity is that the also unique mohammed rafi only had the one song in here, albeit a classic duet with lata. because of all this but not blind to its faults, pakeezah is my favourite indian movie, filmed at a time when the westernisation of india was gathering pace and watched now when western values seem to be state sponsored and de rigueur. at the very least watch pakeezah for a taste of what indian "pop" music had to offer the world before it was all jettisoned for drum machines, the bollywood beat and bhangra.

it was originally meant to be a film that gene kelly would star in, but when the makers couldn't get him they got "the greatest actor in the world", and the result is pretty good. basically nathan detroit (frank sinatra) is having trouble doing what he does best, setting up a high stakes crap dice game, because he needs $1000 to get the place. so to get the money he needs, he has a $1000 bet with old friend sky masterson (marlon brando) that he can't get sergeant sarah brown (great expectations' golden globe winning, and bafta nominated jean simmons) to go with him to havana. meanwhile, nathan is having trouble trying to get rid of the woman who wants him to ask her hand in marriage, miss adelaide (vivian blaine). also starring robert keith as lieutenant brannigan, stubby kaye as nicely nicely johnson and b.s. pulley as big jule. an interesting romantic comedy musical, with brando singing all his own songs, and sinatra being smooth and cool. it was nominated the oscars for best art direction-set decoration, best cinematography, best costume design and best music for jay blackton and cyril j. mockridge, it was nominated the bafta for best film from any source, and it won the golden globe for best motion picture - musical/comedy. frank sinatra was number 43 on the 100 greatest pop culture icons, marlon brando was number 30 on the 100 greatest movie stars, he was number 11 on the 100 greatest sex symbols, he was number 4 on 100 years, 100 stars - men, sinatra was number 35, and brando was number 1 on the world's greatest actor, "luck be a lady" was number 42 on 100 years, 100 songs for , the film was number 23 on 100 years of musicals, and it was number 36 on the 100 greatest musicals. very good!

had i been familiar with the stage production of guys and dolls before seeing the movie, i might not be as fond of it as i am. although in all fairness, i would probably still like the film production better because of my general adoration of both brando (for his acting) and sinatra (for his voice, although he is quite the actor as well, see the manchurian candidate or from here to eternity.)as for some of the other reviewers' statements about the songs, i have the broadway soundtrack and though isabel bingley's voice outshines that of jean simmons, it is not more pleasant. i find it to have a rather shrill quality. jean simmons' voice is much more realistic, though admittedly, that is not always a huge concern in musicals. also the only time i particularly noticed marlon brando's particularly weak vocal register was during his rendition of "luck be a lady" and only there because i was previously familiar with sinatra's version. i also find vivian blaine's voice to be much more pleasing in the movie than it is on broadway. and sinatra's voice alone would be able to redeem the failings of all the others, if they indeed were in need of redemption. (they weren't) it is infinitely better than sam levene's, particularly in my favorite song, 'sue me'. also, the complaint that lots of songs were omitted from the movie for inferior songs, i beg to differ. 'a bushel and a peck' is hardly a gem and the song that replaced it, 'pet me poppa" and its accompanying performance is more hot box material. i personally do not care for 'marry the man today' at all and rejoice that it was not included in the movie. i adore 'i've never been in love before', and though it was not sung in the movie, the instrumental version can be heard when nathan is in adelaide's dressing room. the song 'a woman in love'expresses the same sentiment equally well and probably in a range that both of the stars could more capably reach. and the movie wouldn't be the same without the song 'adelaide', not included on broadway. in fact, if the movie soundtrack were available for sale, i'd recommend purchasing it instead of the broadway. though i have not seen the original production, i cannot imagine that the acting would be superior to that of the movie's lead actors. the important fact is that the story is as charming as ever and the acting and songs do not make it any less so.

i won't try to speculate as to what brando was attempting. at his best he turns in such oddball performances, insinuating so many things at once, that it doesn't seem he does anything so much as play by unfailing instinct. often it seems he is calling attention to some favored aspect of his character over all others, a concentration which, if followed, turns out something of a red herring, as he turns out subtler, craftier than at first appeared. this is a mastery of artifice, not naturalism, as might be associated with the method. the role of sky masterson, as mankiewicz so wonderfully realized, seems tailored for him, which is to begin with odd, and odd still at the end, because whatever it is brando has done, he has managed a grace maybe all his own, but a consummate grace nonetheless -- again, odd, coming from an actor with limited musical ability, not ever before or after associated with the musical comedy. jean simmons, also oddly cast, is not quite as impressive, but certainly above just-adequate, really delightful in the havana sequence, and never less than enjoyable throughout. and yet...perhaps because actors are both so concentrated on what it is they are doing, and characters on what it is they intend of each other, there doesn't seem to be the lovers' "chemistry" brought up so insistently more than once. brando/sky masterson and simmons/sister sarah respectively feed off one another well enough, but i for one don't see more beyond that. in a movie this outrightly dazzling and entertaining (and most everything about it, craft-wise, is just that -- dazzling), that lack would seem something tactfully and easily overlooked, but so much would depend upon true chemistry! an, at least partial, transformation of the characters through such chemistry, would lend something positively moving to the final scene. as it is, one leaves this film certainly delighted, but not really moved, except in a way as to negate the trueness of the union. note sister sarah marries in her missionary's uniform, sky masterson in his same natty man-about-town duds rather than wedding tux. and they have changed back to those from their previous scene!funnily enough (that is, insightfully), the most touching, and most serious, scene is, i think, between brando and vivian blaine, as sinatra/nathan detroit's doll, adelaide, the only scene where these two are exclusively together, not least because there is just no hint of flirtation between them even though it takes place in adelaide's dressing-room while adelaide is about to change. though one may submit there is no place for that, sky really is the type to "check out" adelaide in this sort of circumstance. he is even there to tell adelaide nathan will not be meeting her to elope. adelaide and sky are both true in their respective ways to nathan, even piteous of him, as is demonstrated through a tone in their exchange. adelaide is of course also frustrated and disappointed, but her anger is mitigated by her deeper feeling for nathan, as sky is admonishing her that she can't love a man and then wish him to be someone else.guys and dolls is another turn at the battle of the sexes, around the themes of gambling and salvation. since both the compulsive gambler and the salvation seeker are more or less unconsciously courting despair, there just may be a dark secret deliberately behind brando's and simmons' lack of chemistry. after all, that lack may well denote an excess of narcissistic preoccupation (echoed by the sinatra/blaine pairing, though with considerably less self-deception involved), which might explain brando's and simmons' odd, rather provoking, interpretations of sky masterson and sister sarah. i realize simmons may be mostly depicting coldness and skepticism, but brando, though playing to confront her, isn't exactly heated and eager, and is more than keeping his distance -- he's also assimilating it, keeping his balance through it. his boldness consists in merely playing against her -- the trip to cuba, a kiss, whatever it takes -- but he is not actually set on winning through seducing her so much as beating her then in her own turf. this may be shrewd, as playing to zeal may be the only way to get to the missionary, and through. but it makes sky's transition from merely trying to win a bet to actually wanting sarah brown a little less than persuasive. yet why does he want her? what does falling in love mean to sky? i find the only way to get around this is by indeed accepting his humanity has kicked in, and that he does not want to end up a mere cad toward sister sarah, so he does, as he's promised her, need to deliver the sinners to her prayer meeting, make good by his "marker," as he puts it, as a way of winning her back when it seems he had already won only to lose her. but this still denotes self-concern more than anything. however, it also allows for sarah brown's own self-concern, as sky will placate the missionary in her in order to get back the lover. neither, at least it seems, will change much by their union, except perhaps in the acceptance of the other. yet that would seem an all but fatally uneasy proposition: acceptance of is still quite a cry away from achieving happiness in the other, let alone the transcendence they each seem to imply by "chemistry." and behind all this, i suspect is mankiewicz's full knowing.for all those who might say, in defense of guys and dolls yet, that not much can be expected from musicals by way of depth, i need only remind them cabaret, the three-penny opera, carousel, a star is born, even the sound of music, which i don't care for as much (and one can keep adding to this list without even reaching forward toward post-cabaret musicals), all wrap gorgeous music and dance around dire anxieties.

guys and dolls has to be one of my favorite musical movies ever. it is a very fun movie to watch and nothing more. it embodies what people have forgotten about musicals-musicals were made to entertain, not to to preach. nowadays we have rent and chicago which are great musicals and good movies but they fail to bring us solid entertainment with no strings attached. the only thing that bothered me in the movie was marlon brando, the guy can't sing! it was very annoying to listen to him sing and talk when i couldn't understand him. if it weren't for marlon i would have given this 10 stars. guys and dolls provides old-fashioned entertainment that we rarely get these days. watch it to have a good time!!

big splashy film of the broadway music. nathan (frank sinatra) loves to roll the dice and organize illegal crap games. blonde loving adelaide (vivian blaine) wants to marry him if he gives up craps. he decides on one last game when sky masterson (marlon brando!), who bets big, is in town. he bets sky that he can't get mission worker sarah brown (jean simmons) to go with him to havana. that may sound like a strange plot summary but so is the movie!this is a real mixed bag--there's some wonderful stuff here. the songs are all good and the dancing is incredible. the real show stopper is at the crap game at the end. also brando is really quite good here--it might seem strange to think of him singing and dancing but he pulls it off. i have to admit seeing big, bulky brando pulling off some difficult dance moves was a lot of fun! also sinatra is pretty good and blaine is just wonderful as his long-suffering girlfriend. her song and dance numbers are definite highlights here.now for the bad parts--jean simmons is a wonderful actress but she's stuck with a drab colorless role and can't do much with it. the movie is far too long at 150 minutes--the scenes between brando and simmons really drag and should have been shortened. also most of the characters speak in very precise english--contractions are never used. maybe it's trying to be amusing coming out of the mouths of gangsters but i found it jarring and it kept throwing me out of the movie.it's worth catching for the songs and dances but the over length of it does get to you after a while. i give it a 7.

one of the best musicals ever made, this is an example of where the producers and director were not afraid to pick actors for their talent, rather than for what people might expect. the lighting and set are unique, giving it a very interesting effect (this has a special name that i cannot think of). the dialog is also unique in that no contractions are used. the movie is well paced, beautifully acted and interesting from start to finish. a real joy is the music. such an array of first-rate songs, from beginning to end, that are perfectly performed and orchestrated. also, the music is very original and very memorable, and i think superior to many musicals from the thirties through the sixties. it certainly has more original and beautiful songs than most musicals, that might have only two or three. not bad for a director with no experience in this type of movie. another quality is that it is fresh each time one sees it.

entertaining musical where nathan detroit needs $1,000.00 to get up a floating crap game so he entices sky masterson to try and get salvation army girl, played by jean simmons, to go with masterson to havana.5 years later, simmons would be in the missionary again in the fabulous "elmer gantry." there she was sister sharon and here she is sister sarah. same temperament, different story.frank sinatra is that devilish nathan detroit. he has been engaged to vivian blaine for 14 years and she loathes his gambling habit.in a real change of pace, sky masterson was played by marlon brando who actually did his own singing here!the film is saved by superlative choreography. those dance and singing routines are fabulous. they are especially realized by stubby kaye as nicely nicely (johnson).all in all, it's a very nice production.

just saw this movie version of frank loesser's guys and dolls for the third time with my mother who had never seen this before. she was pleasantly surprised by the singing voices of jean simmons and marlon brando. and she thought the havana sequences where simmons and brando dance up a storm were excellent. those were pretty impressive to me too and were usually the highlights of the film. directed by joseph l. mankiewicz, this movie which originated as a story by damon runyon takes a while with the slow pacing of the non-musical scenes at first but pulls you in after a while. the other story with frank sinatra and vivian blaine wasn't as compelling to me but still had their charms especially during the "sue me" number. also loved stubby kaye's "sit down, you're rocking the boat" number and the performances of sheldon leonard and b. s. pully. with a theatrical look throughout, guys and dolls isn't a great film musical but certainly a very good one.

it'd be easy to call guys and dolls great. it's got frank sinatra and marlon brando (and, contrary to sinatra's original wishes, the casting works), it's got a really cool 1950s feel, even if it is basically transposed from stage to screen with only a little interruption. and most of the songs are often a lot of fun, and catchy, and performed with that wink and nod to the wonderful escapism inherent in the form itself. if it's not entirely as great as some others of its ilk, it shouldn't be any fault of the filmmaker joseph l. mankiewicz. not all the songs entirely click, and a little of the dialog feels like it's being performed for the stage as opposed to film (it's hard to tell at times- brando and sinatra straddle the line so often that one has to watch carefully to tell when one plays for the camera or for the "stage", while the actress playing adele is better for stage than screen).the plot is one of those winners that works well for its period, even if one wonders if its influence has stretched to the likes of 1999's she's all that (well, not quite, but close). a gambler (and 14-year betrothed), played by sinatra, wants to host a big-time game, but is told that the "heat is on", meaning the cops are on watch. so, he has only one choice to host the game, with a thousand dollar tab. the only way he can get it is through a big-time bet with fellow gambler brando, who's put on to make a wild wooing job of a mission worker. it allows for the predictable twists in the story, in the sudden turn-on-turn-off of the charms of the character, of the idiosyncrasies of people from the streets (gangsters and dancers and the "saitn" played by jean simmons who falls for brando). it is, in its basic concept, about this whole world of guys and dolls, and how to balance one or the other- obviously without getting married or too compromised.mankiewicz brings a lot of energy to the piece, even when keeping still with the camera on the subject, and his stars are properly reeled in. hell, even brando works excellently for a musical as he goes beyond being simply the method actor and shows his chops for singing and big-star quality. the story and characters eventually wind down to what you'd hope will happen, and that's fine. all we ask for- and what we get- is entertainment in good spurts of witty, involving dialog, and a few songs and dances that bring the house down (my favorites were the number with the lady-cats at the club, luck be a lady, and the two numbers down in havana, cuba). a-

this is what the musical genre was made of. humor, talent, romance, and action all rolled into one.frank sinatra was wonderful. nothing else needs to be said. marlon brando, although not a singer, did a great job winning the hearts of many with his portrayal of sky masterson. the fact that he couldn't sing added to his character. the ladies in the film were alright, but the men in the movie definitely stole the show.it is a true classic that can be appreciated at any age. it connects with all audiences and makes you smile and laugh.definitely a movie to be watched and enjoyed!

this is a frank loesser masterpiece of amusing lyrics, competent themes and solid construction by those who adapted damon runyon material to the musical's "book". what is surprising about the film is how seamlessly the musical numbers flow from the storyline. abe burrows did the book with contributions from loesser; michael kidd was the choreographer, and the outstanding art direction was contributed by joseph wright. the storyline can be told in two sentences. nathan detroit, played by frank sinatra, needs cash to finance his permanent floating crap game to amuse big julie, a chicago mob boss. he bets odds-player sky masterson, well-presented by marlon brando, that he cannot get a salvation army girl to go to havana with him; masterson wins the bet, saves the mission, falls in love with the girl, gets the gamblers and riffraff at the crap game to attend a service, and tells everybody the lady was impervious to his charms--a complete lie. of course he ends up with the lady; and detroit marries hi long-suffering fiancée, vivian blaine. others in the cast include stubby kaye, johnny silver, robert keith, b.s. pulley as big julie the mobster, sheldon leonard, regis toomey, mary alan kokanson, kathryn givney as the salvation army leader, veda ann borg and jean simmons as the tepid salvation army girl, sarah brown. the famous musical numbers in this award-winning broadway smash include "fugue for tinhorns", "guys and dolls", "luck be a lady", "i'll know", "a person could develop a cold", and "the oldest established permnanet floating crap game in new york!". joseph l. mankiewicz of "cleopatra" and "letter to three wives" fame directed the proceedings; and the flow of the work is very interestingly and successfully kept moving. he is equally adept at getting fine dialogue acting and directing such huge numbers as "luck be lady", the varied and challenging brawl section, the havana "a woman in love" section created for the film that precedes it, the presenting of the title song "guys and dolls" and "pet me, poppa" set in the club where blaine works. the acting is very uneven. simmons seems wrong for the part at times, brando gets by with the singing and is very good much of the time on instinct, charm and underplaying, even in the comedy. scenes. sinatra tries hard but is wrong for the role for several reasons as nathan detroit; blaine is a bit too-theatrical in selling her numbers, which she of course sings professionally. leonard, toomey, kaye, keith and pulley do what is asked and more at all points. the stylized opening and closing are made to work well; all in all, this film is a triumph for loesser's amiable and subtle lyrics, for director mankiewicz as ringmaster, and for the genre of musicals itself, so ably justified in this instance. delightful and very different.

i just want to add my two cents worth, and forgive me if i am repeating something that has already been posted, but i feel it is worth reminding people of the everlovin' genius of damon runyon. without the wonderfully street, hilarious writings of damon runyon this film would never have been made - nor most of the other great classics that deal with gamblers & the like from before 1960. damon runyon worked as a newspaper man, and he was from colorado, but he sure did _get_ the street scene of the east coast. if you are not a dedicated fan of old hollywood comedies, i would recommend a few other flicks from damon runyon's writings; "the lemondrop kid," and "little miss marker," both feature bob hope, who, aside from his politics, has always been a funny man. (as a west coast liberal, i find his politics fairly funny, too!) damon runyon lives!!!!

guys and dolls is a movie itching for a remake. it was made forty-eight years ago. its two main stars are either dead or 409 pounds. although a remake, with big stars now, would be box-office success, it would not be able to capture the magic that went into this version. its boundless energy can't be recaptured, nor can the pure joy you get when watching something like this: a huge, widescreen, big entertainment movie.marlon brando (who last clocked in at 409 lbs. last time i heard) plays sky masterson, one of the biggest gamblers in new york. frank sinatra is nathan detroit, whose as-often-as-he-can-find-a-speakeasy-for-it crap game is city-wide famous. however, when the one place he has left to hold it is charging $1,000, detroit needs the money fast. he bets masterson $1,000 that he can't take missionary sarah brown (jean simmons) to havana with him the next day.guys and dolls is basically nothing more than unsavory types singing and dancing, which usually, as it does here, add up to fun. it's obvious to see how this was a broadway musical: there weren't that many sets, and the scenes were long. if i was to complain about one thing, it's how uneven the songs were. at times, there were two songs in a scene; other times, thirty minutes went by without one. guys and dolls is never boring, just a great time.my rating: 8/10not rated.

marlon brando and frank sinatra hated each other while doing this film and in the years following it.brando asked sinatra for some singing lessons,but sinatra (who was already upset over the fact that he was cast as nathan detroit,when he wanted the part of skye masterson)wanted to be the star singer in the production and didn't want any one to be better than he was.he told brando to get lost,so to get back at him marlon kept screwing up the scene in the diner where sinatra was eating cheesecake so that he would have to keep eating,eating and eating.in the later years,sinatra gave brando the nickname "mumbles" or "mr.mumbles" because of the way he talks.

this musical was not quite what i expected, foremost being there weren't many scenes between brando and sinatra. as it was based on a damon runyon story, i expected irony and surprise, of which there was one really good one - when we find that sinatra's gang has used the salvation army office for their crap game while brando was in havana with simmons. if course it comes at the right moment too, when brando brings her back. i really didn't expect much from brando as a singer, but he surprised me. he wasn't great but he was just fine in the role. his big number in the sewer, however, with the rest of sinatra's boys was the only place i felt brando's voice was weak. he just didn't have the power the grand climax demanded. overall i found the scenes between brando and simmons to be filled with electricity, something i didn't think would happen when we first see simmons by herself, and later when we're introduced to brando in the restaurant with sinatra trying to pull a fast one on him. it wasn't until brando goes to her office that the story came to life. frank sinatra, on the other hand, was flat, even his vocal performances. and vivian blaine, who i never heard of, but who i guess played the role on broadway, just seemed to slow the proceedings down. the scenes between her and sinatra were obvious. also, her songs felt the weakest to me both in terms of advancing story or character. on top of that, all the goldwyn girls numbers seemed shoe horned in, just there for glitz. for example, when frank meets with brando in the nightclub, we just cut to the stage routine for the cat number - then it cuts back to the guys who continue on as if there hadn't been any dance number at all. whenever brando and simmons were on screen, i was having a great time, but each time we return to the sinatra-blaine story, my interest level waned. as for the songs, there were some good ones, particularly the very first number with stubby kaye, the fugue for tinhorns number (can do!). that's a great song and it reminded me of the very first song in the music man - cash for the merchandise... whatever it's called. and the number in the sewer - i couldn't help but be reminded of "cool" from west side story - which brings me to a point. i really did not like the art direction in this film. the fake times square was just so completely phony it drew attention to itself. same for the havana sequence, and particularly the sewer. i realize back in 1955 most musicals were shot on sets, but things were changing - carousel, for example, made great use of location photography. even on the town shot scenes in mahattan in 1949. by the time we get to west side story in 1961 it's a given that stuff taking place in manhattan had to be actually shot in manhattan. so by comparison, guys and dolls set-bound manhattan felt dated and more than a little too cute. and changing lindy's to mindy's - did they really have to do that for legal reasons? now, i always thought guys and dolls was a musical about sinatra and brando and their adventures with various girls. it was much more focused than that, which is to its credit. in that regard it is much better than les girls, which was interesting in it's own right, but had a certain shallowness to it. my one major complaint about guys and dolls, and i don't know if this is endemic to the original stage show, but when jean simmons realizes that brando never took any money for a bet that he made with sinatra and even said that he lost the bet, she just runs off to find him and we cut to the wedding. it seems to me a scene between brando and simmons would have added to the impact of the story. to see brando come around as she came around to him would have been a great scene. there is such a scene in the music man (spoilers ahead), when harold and marion have that duet while he's waiting for her to change. she's upstairs in her house, he's down on the sidewalk. he's singing 76 trombones. she's singing goodnight my someone. they suddenly switch and sing each other's songs - a beautiful way to convey their cross over to each other. it's an emotional high moment of the film. still, guys and dolls had a lot going for it.

oh, this is such a glorious musical. there's a bit of miscasting -- frank sinatra is sorely miscast as the jewish nathan detroit, though it only becomes evident on "sue me", which is a distinctly jewish song. sadly, the filmmakers decided to cut out one of the best songs from the show, "marry the man today", and replaced it with an inferior sinatra showpiece. with these two flaws in mind, the movie is otherwise magnificent. jean simmons shines as sarah brown. marlon brando can't sing worth beans, but pulls it off anyway. stubby kaye wonderfully reprises his broadway role (it was written for him). damon runyon's language and pacing and humor come through quite well. this is on my see-it-every-chance-i-get list.

this movie makes me want to fall in love all over again!i am naming my next daughter "adelaide". just so that someone who sings like ol blue eyes can swoon her one day, and feel the butterflies i felt hearing it sung, and it wasn't even to me! i give it a 9/10

along with south pacific, guys and dolls is for grown-ups - - it is sassy, sexy, and full of men being men and women being strung along.there is an energy and drive that makes this stand out from the pack - the strength of jean simmond's performance, and the charm of a young brando, and an already masterful sinatra add much to the overall feel and look of the piece.guys and dolls wins as it is unashamedly what it is: an mgm musical.still good to look at and listen too with great tunes and dance numbers - it will remain one of the classics of 20th century cinema and be watched with pleasure for years to come.warmly recommended.

i love this movie. my only disappointment was that some of the original songs were changed.it's true that frank sinatra does not get a chance to sing as much in this movie but it's also nice that it's not just another frank sinatra movie where it's mostly him doing the singing.i actually thought it was better to use marlon brando's own voice as he has the voice that fits and i could not see someone with this great voice pulling off the gangster feel of his voice.stubby kaye's "sit down, you're rockin' the boat" is a foot-tappin', sing-a-long that i just love. he is a hard act to follow with his version and i still like his the best.vivian blaine is just excellent in this part and "adelaide's lament" is my favorite of her songs.i really thought jean simmons was perfect for this part. maybe i would not have first considered her but after seeing her in the part, it made sense.michael kidd's choreography is timeless. if it were being re staged in the year 2008, i would not change a thing.i find that many times something is lost from the stage version to the movie version but this kept the feel of the stage, even though it was on film.i thought the movie was well cast. i performed in regional versions of this and it's one of my favorites of that period.

joseph l. mankiewicz is not remembered by most today as one of the finest directors in hollywood history, but this film proves that he is. already a success by doing sophisticated american dramas such as a letter to three wives and all about eve as well as successfully adapting shakespeare to life in julius caesar, mankiewicz does a marvelous job of bringing this hit broadway play to film and does it with style. marlon brando is perfect as sky masterson, even if he can't sing too well. he is the only actor who could pull it off perfectly wit his sheer coolness and clarity. frank sinatra is a wonderful singer, as expected, and does a good job of acting as nathan detroit. jean simmons is also very good as sarah brown and her scenes with brando sizzle with great chemistry. all supporting actors do their part, especially sheldon leonard as harry the horse in a very funny bit. still, mankiewicz should be given most of the credit for bringing a fine musical in its own right to the screen in such a way that it feels authentic in many scenes but is still a story in its own world. all in all, guys and dolls is a great musical and works on many levels it normally should not have.

at least something good came out of damon runyon's misguided attempt to sentimentalize the mafia. "guys and dolls," the seemingly indestructible stage musical, was captured on film in 1955 by joseph l. mankiewicz ("all about eve") in a colorful, enjoyable movie that featured an all-star cast including vivian blaine (from the original broadway show), jean simmons (whose character bears an odd resemblance to audrey hepburn in "roman holiday") and two of the all-time great leading men, frank sinatra and marlon brando, both of whom had recently won oscars for best supporting actor ("from here to eternity") and best actor ("on the waterfront") and were on the top of their game. one listen to brando singing "luck be a lady tonight" speaks volumes about where the early dylan got his voice. stubby kaye steals the show as nicely nicely johnson, who brings down the house with "sit down you're rocking the boat." the ubiquitous sheldon leonard adds yet another page to his rogue's gallery of screen gangsters. the film has a bright, cartoonish look, anticipating the pop art of the early 1960s. the characters speak in a stylized patois, apparently based on yiddish idioms. although the film's social attitudes and gender roles are dated, it's all great fun, and even the gentle kidding of the salvation army is harmless and reflects no real animosity toward organized religion. just seeing sinatra and brando in the same film is reason enough to watch this movie, but it has lots of other attractions to offer during its 149 minutes.

nathan detroit (frank sinatra) is the manager of the new york's longest- established floating craps game, and he needs $1000 to secure a new location. confident of his odds, he bets the city's highest-roller, sky masterson (marlon brando), that he can't woo uptight missionary sarah brown (jean simmons). 'guys and dolls (1955)' is such a great musical because it deftly blends the contrasting styles of film and stage. during a dazzling opening sequence, crowds of pedestrians move in rhythm, stopping and starting as though responding to backstage cues. even the walking movements themselves are stylised and angular, halfway between a walk and a dance. mankiewicz's new york city is a glittering flurry of art deco colour and movement, a fantasy world so completely removed from reality that even the business of underground gambling and criminal thuggery seems perfectly genial. as i write this review, i've just received word that jean simmons has passed away, age 80. this, unbelievably, was the first time i'd seen her in a film, yet she dazzled me from the beginning. her idealistic and sexually-repressed sarah comes out of her shell following an alcohol binge in havana, letting loose with an adorably playful rendition of "if i were a bell." even though both simmons and brando were non-singers, producer sam goldwyn decided not to dub their vocals, contending that "maybe you don't sound so good, but at least it's you." despite goldwyn's backhanded confidence, the pair both do well to carry entire musical numbers themselves. simmons suggests the same child-like liveliness that audrey hepburn might have brought to the role, and brando exudes such self-assurance and charisma that it doesn't matter that his singing voice isn't quite there.

i'm intrigued by the strong sense of favour towards (or sympathy for!) sinatra in the other reviews here. i've read elsewhere that sinatra never seems to have forgiven anyone for *not* being cast as sky masterson.ok, so who wouldn't want to be cast as sky masterson?  it's a great part: the charismatic successful gambler who makes a grave mistake when he allows himself to be suckered into a bet, in which he must take salvation army sargeant sarah brown on a date to cuba, or lose. it's not the money  it's the pride, but he and she meet their match. meanwhile nathan detroit must juggle his long-suffering fiancée adelaide with trying to find a spot for a craps game which will make him rich if it doesn't alienate his fiancée forever first.the film started life as a series of short stories by damon runyon: that's his unique dialogue you hear, and those are his great character names, and that's his horse-racing/nightclub/late night gambling world. then it became a musical, and you can't help but feel that in film form it never really left the stage. the camera is unusually static and the sets remarkably  and not pleasingly  flat and childlike. fortunately the music is so great, i don't care that much.my absolute favourite thing about this film, though, is the singing and acting of the two non-singers, brando (as sky) and jean simmons (as sargeant sarah brown). of course, putting pro singers into these roles would have produced better music; but what surely gets forgotten is that two such excellent actors brought something else to the party instead: what they lacked in vocal talent they more than made up for in gusto, acting ability, and pathos, pathos, pathos. you're with sky as he argues with sarah against reason, steadiness, pipes and safety. you enjoy sarah's loosening up under the influence of cuban "milk". you feel completely the suddenness and passion of their scene in the courtyard with bells ringing and an hour to go before the plane takes them home. as sky rightly says, it's "chemistry". pro singers  be they broadway belters or smooth crooners  can't necessarily be relied on to make this happen. (and they certainly didn't.) i read somewhere that brando criticised sinatra for not putting all of himself into his role of nathan detroit. sinatra in turn was infuriated by brando's four-take acting method. as a brando fan (does it show?!) i'm bound to take the other side, but i can't imagine that this film would have been the much-adored classic it is today if brando and simmons hadn't been in it with their wonderful chemistry; brando's unpredictability; simmons' face, all pink cheeks and brown hair, drunk and ashamed in a cuban bar. beautiful. i'll always want a copy of this film lying around in case i need to feel good again. you'll forgive me if give some of the nathan (sleep)talking parts the 100% brush-off though, won't you? you won't? oh, be quiet and have some more of mindy's cheesecake!

{possible spoilers coming up... you've been forewarned.}this is absolutely one of my all time favorite musicals and movie musicals! (the other is damn yankees with gwen verdon, tab hunter and ray walston) as we all know, sometimes the luster (not to mention the songs) of a show are lost in its transition from stage to screen. this is, for the most part, definitely not the case here.the sets are divine, bright and colorful, the characters are bigger than life and you can't help but love them, and michael kidd's choreography is absolutely stunning. (so glad to know they used the original broadway choreographer)all of the actors "bounce the ball" (that is, have unbeatable chemistry) to perfection in this film. frank and marlon are absolutely believable as the proprietor of the oldest established permanent floating crap game in new york, and the most notorious gambler who bets on even the most minute things-- such as his fever going up to 104 if he doesn't take penicillin. sweet, fresh faced jean simmons is perfect for the role of sarah (although it is true, her singing pipes are not as outstanding as that of isabel bigley or josie de guzman)-- the mission doll with a heart of gold and a drive to heal all. and last but certainly not least (on my list anyway) is miss vivian blaine, reprising her broadway role as miss adelaide-- the hot box lead singer and dancer who would like to finally end her 14 year engagement to nathan with marriage, and rid herself of the psychosomatic cold he's given her.first off, kudos to stubby kaye and b.s. pulley as they reprise their broadway roles as nicely-nicely johnson and benny southstreet. there were never two more loveable gamblers than these guys.brando is superb, as usual, and though he's not got the voice of robert alda or peter gallagher, you forget it-- as he has this sense of determination to bring all he can to his role as sky masterson. "luck be a lady" gives me chills every time i see him perform the number. especially enjoyable is hearing him say "daddy... i got cider in my ear."simmons is charming and pleasant in a role well suited to her looks, voice and the way she carries herself. you long so dearly for her not only to win sky (or, toward the end, believe him), but to help people overcome their gambling, drinking and other sins, and live a life with god. her rendition of "if i were a bell" is splendid, to say the least!sinatra is the man. he is so perfect for the role of nathan detroit-- and here he sings parts that sam levene from the broadway cast never could (terrific actor, but the chap was tone deaf... go figure). i really enjoyed the addition of the song "adelaide"... wish some guy would sing like that to me. frankie's cool, slick demeanor transcends the boundaries of this movie. but most importantly, you want him to marry adelaide.and speaking of adelaide, vivian blaine is just sheer perfection in this role. from the accent to her belting out "adelaide's lament", she's just terrific. and she's also my favorite part of the entire movie. she really makes you feel for adelaide... especially when she cries right before and then again during "sue me". i still haven't decided whether i like "pet me poppa" better than "bushel and a peck"... maybe i like them equally. either way, she does fantastic with those as well as "take back your mink." (i'm sad that they left out "hollanderize" from the film...) she's absolutely marvelous, not to mention hilarious, and my favorite part of the entire film.one of the best things about this movie is their lingo. it's a mixture of high class and street slang. never do they use "it's", "i'll" or "that's." it's always "it is", "i will" and "that is." overall, guys & dolls is one of my favorite all time movies and musicals, and it's one that you should take time to watch every time it comes on. my only complaint? no "marry the man today." now that's a good song.

guys and dolls is a unique play based on the characters. sky masterson(marlon brando) is a high-class gambler who takes up a bet with nathan detroit (frank sinatra) for one-thousand dollars. nathan needs the money so he canrun his usual crap game and make a fortune. the bet was that sky wouldn't be able to take just any girl to havana, cuba and the "doll" he chose was sarahbrown (jean simmons) who was in charge of a missionary. sky finally bribessarah enough to go to havana with him. they end up falling in love with each other, but later she accuses him of something he had no part in. nathan ran a crap game in the missionary the night they were gone. nathan's 14 year fiancé adelaide (vivian blaine) disapproves of nathan's gambling and tries to stop him from doing it. however, when the movie ends it all ends happy with a doublewedding.the songs in this movie are just wonderful no matter who sings it. marlonbrando has no singing voice at all and true they could have dubbed him but it didn't really matter. he did a wonderful acting job (obviously seeing as it's brando) and played his character very well. i have seen a few movies with jean simmons and thought that this movie was her weakest one, she also couldn'tsing at all. however, the singing is made up by frank sinatra, vivien blaine, and stubby kaye. vivien blaine and stubby kaye was also in the originalbroadway production of guys and dolls. vivien blaine had a terrific voice and was the perfect adelaide. if you like musical, and even if you don't, i advise you to watch this.

in 1954 marlon brando was the hot actor after his performances in streetcar named desire and on the waterfront. frank sinatra had yet to re-invent himself on the silver screen. but sinatra's portrayal as the erstwhile nathan detroit, helped re-establish sinatra with his fans.it is a great screen version of a great play and the choices of leads and support players are terrific. imagine a movie where brando sings? this was his one and only singing role as he portrayed sky masterson. in addition the female leads, jean simmons and vivian blaine(replaying her stage role as nathan's long suffering girlfriend adelade), put in superlative efforts. special mention goes to the great stubby kaye(as nicely nicely), and with all due respect to eric clapton, no one's version of rockin' the boat even comes close to stubby's. sheldon leonard, who would go on to fame as tv producer of such shows as the danny thomas show and the dick van dyke show does "harry the horse" wonders, b.s.pulley is excellent as the harsh mannered and rough talking "big julie", and even regis toomey offers his excellence as "brother arvide".it is one of the fun musicals to see, good comedy, and you get sinatra and brando. soooooo "luck be a lady tonight" and brother..."it's your dice"

damon runyon's world of times square, in new york, prior to its disneyfication, is the basis for this musical. joseph l. mankiewicz, a man who knew about movies, directed this nostalgic tribute to the "crossroads of the world" that show us that underside of new york of the past. frank loesser's music sounds great. we watch a magnificent cast of characters that were typical of the area. people at the edges of society tended to gravitate toward that area because of the lights, the action, the possibilities in that part of town. this underbelly of the city made a living out of the street life that was so intense.some of the songs from the original production were not included in the film. we don't know whether this makes sense, but this is not unusual for a hollywood musical to change and alter what worked on the stage. that original cast included the wonderful vivian blaine and stubby kaye, and we wonder about the decision of not letting robert alda, sam levene, isabel bigley repeat their original roles. these were distinguished actors that could have made an amazing contribution.the film, visually, is amazing. the look follows closely the fashions of the times. as far as the casting of marlon brando, otherwise not known for his singing abilities, frank sinatra and jean simmons, seem to work in the film. sky masterson is, after all, a man's man, who would look otherwise sissy if he presented a different 'look'. frank sinatra is good as nathan detroit. jean simmons, as sarah brown, does a nice job portraying the woman from the salvation army who suddenly finds fulfillment with the same kind of man she is trying to save.vivian blaine is a delight. she never ceases to amaze as miss adelaide, a woman with a heart of gold who's nathan detroit's love interest. ms. blaine makes a fantastic impression as the show girl who is wiser than she lets out to be. stubby kaye makes a wonderful job out of reprising his nicely nicely johnson.the wonderful production owes a lot to the talented abe burrows, who made the adaptation to the screen. the costumes by irene sharaff set the right tone.

i just read the plot summary and it is the worst one i have ever read. it does not do justice to this incredible movie. for an example of a good summary, read the listing at "turner classic movies". anyway, this was one of my favorite movies as a young child. my sister and i couldn't wait until every april when we could see it on t.v. it is one of the best horse movies of it's time. it is one of those great classics that the whole family can watch. the romance is clean and endearing. the story line is interesting and the songs are great. they don't make movies like this anymore. good acting and not over the top. pat boone and shirley jones are at their best, along with many other great character actors.

i love this movie because i grew up around harness racing. pat boone behind the sulky reminds me of my father who was drawn to the trotters because, unlike thoroughbred jockeys, men of normal height and weight can be drivers. yes, the 1944 home in indiana is a better movie, but it's also a very different movie. april love is light and easy to watch, a feel good movie. (disappointing though that pat boone's religious/moral views prohibited him from ever kissing the girl! quite a change from today's standard fare.) home in indiana with walter brennan (filmed in black and white with no hint that anyone will ever burst into song) captures the stress and struggle better thereby making the ultimate accomplishment more satisfying but it requires a bigger emotional investment.

i would like to comment on the movie april love. it's one of my all time favorites because my father, nelson malone plays the horse trainer. i remember distinctly when hollywood came to lexington, ky, where we were living at the time to make april love. my dad had been in numerous plays and was a talented man. i talked him into going to try out for one of the bit parts offered, and lo and behold he came home w/the script. how exciting is that! also, a number of my classmates were in the crowd scenes -- especially the ones shown at the amusement park. it's very nostalgic every april when i see the movie being shown once again, and the song april love by pat boone is still played on the radio. timeless and reminiscent of a time long gone when you see the movies they make today w/all the sex, foul language and violence. it would be refreshing to see more movies like april love come back into focus...

having ran across this film on the fox movie channel on a lazy friday afternoon, i can think of no better way to spend a lazy friday evening then putting in my two cents worth. especially when you consider the lack of user comments on it. doesn't every movie, good or bad deserve more than four comments? and this movie isn't bad at all.the first thing to keep in mind when watching a film like april love is to remember the era from which it came, in this case the late fifties. films were pretty much a happy medium back then. the cinemas were devoid of tragedy while the screens were filled with wide screen technicolor films in order to pry people away from the gray glare of the evil medium in a box called television. i don't know how many people were pried away from the boob tube to see this one, but it managed to capture my attention for 97 minutes.teen idol pat boone plays nick conover, a young teen sent to live with his aunt henrietta (jeanette nolan) and uncle jed (arthur o'connell) out in the country after being put on probation for stealing a car. it seems that his aunt and uncle have lost their own son (jed jr.)so uncle jed seems has lost his zest for living. aunt henrietta is hoping that nick being on the farm will somehow bring jed out of his doldrums. story lines like this being what they are, jed and nick don't really care for each other too much of course. jed then proceeds to meet up with the neighbors, fran (dolores michaels)and liz (shirley jones)templeton. immediately jed develops a crush on fran, and of course i don't have to tell you that liz develops a crush on jed. then there's the matter of uncle jed's horse, a trotter who has turned wild and won't let anyone handle him since the death of jed jr. you could probably fill in everything that happens from that point on your own, seeing as how there are no real surprises. doesn't matter though, you'll enjoy yourself anyway.once you get over the image of squeaky clean pat boone, as a supposedly bad boy, you'll have no trouble with the rest of the film. considering that, boone does turn in a surprisingly good performance as nick. certainly the role doesn't require much depth, but still it's a nicely done job when you would least expect it. as jed, arthur o'connell is the perfect choice for the role. in the early going, he is unreachable and cold, but as he slowly warms up to nick, we see that he's really a pretty good guy. jeannette nolan is a lot of fun as henrietta, who is constantly playing the part of mediator between jed and nick. shirley jones takes a break from rodgers and hammerstein and gets a few opportunities to grace us with her singing talents. as liz, she's gorgeous to look at, great to listen to, and quite funny at times. dolores michaels as fran, who is a bit more on the wild side, is equally entertaining.the best thing about april love, is that there is not a true mean conniving character of any sort on the screen. not one true villain in the whole thing. everybody is so darn likable you can't help but enjoy the film. i truthfully find it quite refreshing, sort of like putting your troubles behind you and enjoying a summer picnic with friends. think of it as the old andy griffith show with musical numbers, a little more plot, and wide screen technicolor. the songs are a mixed bag, with the title song april love being the best of them. another thing i really liked is that they didn't fall back on using blue screen backdrops during the horse racing sequences, and they quite a bit more entertaining and exciting because of it. as a matter of fact, you'll find the whole film beautifully photographed and it was nice to see they didn't skimp in that department. the chemistry between jones and boone is good. best of all is how the dislike between nick and jed is portrayed as each try in some way to gain the others respect.this movie will never be confused with great cinema. yet, sometimes instead of going to disneyland, one just needs a nice outing in the park, and that's what april love is.my grade: b+

saw it as many times as i could before it left the scene. a delightful and entertaining film with some of my very favorite stars. only wish i could find it again! would certainly buy/view it if i could. please, somebody, bring it back. fred macmurray was perfect in his role as a patriot during world war ii, and his leading ladies, joan leslie, and especially june haver were beautiful and charming. it was a musical, but also romantic, funny, and clever. this was my favorite movie starring june haver, although i always liked her. her dazzling smile lit up the screen, and her beauty and talent were an asset to any film. the supporting cast lent credit to their individual roles. a well-balanced and light-hearted film; only wish we had more like it!

during a kurt weill celebration in brooklyn, where do we go from here? was finally unearthed for a screening. it is amazing that a motion picture, from any era, that has weill-gershwin collaborations can possibly be missing from the screens. the score stands tall, and a cd of the material, with gershwin and weill, only underscores its merits, which are considerable. yes, the film has its problems, but the score is not one of them. ratoff is not in his element as the director of this musical fantasy, and fred macmurray cannot quite grasp the material. then, too, the 'modern' segment is weakly written. but the fantasy elements carry the film to a high mark, as does the work of the two delightful leading ladies - joan leslie and june haver. both have the charm that this kind of work desperately needs to work. as a world war ii salute to our country's history - albeit in a 'never was' framework, the film has its place in hollywood musical history and should be available for all to see and to find its considerable merits.

i happened to see this movie twice or more and found it well made! wwii had freshly ended and the so-called "cold war" was about to begin. this movie could, therefore, be defined as one of the best "propaganda", patriotic movies preparing americans and, secondly, people from the still to be formed "western nato block" of countries to face the next coming menace. the movie celebrates the might of the us, through the centuries, while projecting itself onwards to the then present war, which had just ended. nice and funny is the way of describing the discovering of the american continent by columbus and pretty the "espisode" of new amsterdam and the purchasing of manhattan from a drunk local indian .. must see it (at least once, for curiosity of fashion of propaganda through time)! :)

if you haven't seen this obscure little charmer, you should seek it out. it is the story of a bumbling, wartime sad sack (fred macmurray) who is listed 4-f each time he attempts to join any branch of the military. he finds a magic lamp which of course contains a genie (gene sheldon), but the genie is even more bumbling than macmurray is, sending him across time to serve in all the wrong times and places than the one he wants. it is cute, cheerful, and pure fluff, and you can't help but like it. the plots is much like a disney film, particularly since the two stars (macmurray and sheldon) both made numerous disney films in the 50's and 60's, although not together. needless to say, it all ends well for everyone, and the viewer goes away feeling pretty good.

first saw this half a lifetime ago on a black-and-white tv in a small samoan village and thought it was hilarious. now, having seen it for the second time, so much later, i don't find it hilarious. i don't find anything hilarious anymore. but this is a witty and light-hearted comedy that moves along quickly without stumbling and i thoroughly enjoyed it.it's 1945 and fred macmurray is a 4f who's dying to get into one of the armed forces. he rubs a lamp in the scrapyard he's managing and a genie appears to grant him a few wishes. (ho hum, right? but though the introduction is no more than okay, the fantasies are pretty lively.) macmurray tells the genie that he wants to be in the army. poof, and he is marching along with washington's soldiers into a particularly warm and inviting uso where june haver and joan leslie are wearing lots of lace doilies or whatever they are, and lavender wigs. washington sends macmurray to spy on the enemy -- red-coating, german-speaking hessians, not brits. the hessians are jammed into a bierstube and singing a very amusing drinking song extolling the virtues of the vaterland, "where the white wine is winier/ and the rhine water's rhinier/ and the bratwurst is mellower/ and the yellow hair is yellower/ and the frauleins are jucier/ and the goose steps are goosier." something like that. the characterizations are fabulous, as good as sig rumann's best. otto preminger is the suspicious and sinister hessian general. "you know, heidelberg, vee are 241 to 1 against you -- but vee are not afraid." i can't go on too long with these fantasies but they're all quite funny, and so are the lyrics. when he wishes he were in the navy, macmurray winds up with columbus and the fantasy is presented as grand opera. "don't you know that sailing west meant/ a terrifically expensive investment?/ and who do you suppose provides the means/ but isabella, queen of queens." when they sight the new world, someone remarks that it looks great. "i don't care what it looks like," mutters columbus, "but that place is going to be called columbusland."anyway, everything is finally straightened out, though the genie by this time is quite drunk, and macmurray winds up in the marine corps with the right girl.i've made it sound too cute, maybe, but it is cute. the kids will enjoy the puffs of smoke and the magic and the corny love story. the adults will get a kick out of the more challenging elements of the story (who are the hessians?) unless they happen to be college graduates, in which case they might want to stick with the legerdemain and say, "wow! awesome!"

during a kurt weill celebration in brooklyn, where do we go from here? was finally unearthed for a screening. it is amazing that a motion picture, from any era, that has weill-gershwin collaborations can possibly be missing from the screens. the score stands tall, and a cd of the material, with gershwin and weill, only underscores its merits, which are considerable. yes, the film has its problems, but the score is not one of them. ratoff is not in his element as the director of this musical fantasy, and fred macmurray cannot quite grasp the material. then, too, the 'modern' segment is weakly written. but the fantasy elements carry the film to a high mark, as does the work of the two delightful leading ladies - joan leslie and june haver. both have the charm that this kind of work desperately needs to work. as a world war ii salute to our country's history - albeit in a 'never was' framework, the film has its place in hollywood musical history and should be available for all to see and to find its considerable merits.

though i liked on the town better i really liked it. i'm a new comer when it comes to frank sinatra and gene kelly. though i had heard of them i had never seen anything with them in it until recently. the first one i saw was singin in the rain that made me a fan of gene's. i think that is better too. but i thought that this movie was good and like all movies there are some parts that are better than others but in my book it's an awesome movie and i love it. frank and gene make a good team. i have yet to see them together in take me out to the ballgame. but i'm sticking to my guns bu saying that i really enjoyed it, and that i love it!

lots of singing and dancing in this one, especially by gene kelly. two sailors go on liberty to see if they can find love and romance. they meet up with a woman who is trying to break into show business. musical lovers only.

yes, this is one of the great musical movies i grew up with with such great entertainers as frank sinatra and gene kelly, not to mention the petite and glorious voice of kathryn grayson. the music and dancing is superb. i understand frank took lessons from kelly; and there is kelly dancing with jerry mouse, which is quite unique for the time. betty garrett plays the waitress who falls in love with sinatra. she is one of hollywood's great underrated stars. i saw this again on a&e tv and as well have it in my old vcr tapes. never get tired of these old musicals. whatever happened to hollywood??

this has some excellent spots but the length of the film can not sustain the wafer thin plot. it is another sailors on leave film, zippier than astaire's 'follow the fleet' but not as good as 'on the town'. kathryn grayson is bland but kelly and sinatra work well together. their 'if you knew susie' number is hilarious as they make up the song as they sing it. 'i begged her' is also fun with sinatra showing how adept he was at hoofing. sinatra's solo songs are dull and seem to be inserted to show off his singing rather than as part of the story. fortunately there are accomplished supporting actors like grady sutton, rags ragland, carlos ramirez and pamela britton and an unlikely but impertubable jose iturbi as himself, to keep one watching.kelly is the star of the film, although third billed and it is interesting to see him interact with children, which astaire never did. dean stockwell plays a child who wants to be in the navy and latches on to the kelly character. he also visit a school resulting in him telling the children a fictitious story of his life in the pomeranian (!)navy which leads to his wonderful dance with an animated jerry mouse. in another scene he dances a charming mexican hat dance with a sublimely grave faced little girl, sharon mcmanus, that is entrancing and sweet. very pleasant then but a bit too long. a taster of better musicals to come.

for such films like `anchors aweigh', few have been bestowed with as many academy award accolades in a warm up for happy hour. either 1945 was a beleaguered year for good film or they were still suffering advance shock by billy wilder's `the lost weekend' that they wrote anything starting with a on the ballot for best picture to please the still musical picture faithful public. since gene kelly was nominated for this performance instead of his role in `singin' in the rain', then there had to be something wrong with the behind the scenes rigging systems at mgm. of course, the studio is on its best behaviour during this much lauded tour of the great studios and of hollywood itself, handy for those stuck on the other side of the world.yet a sailor suit musical with the brilliant talents of gene and frank sinatra is certainly an enjoyable farce, despite the need for more people to yawn at the previews for the musical so today's audiences wouldn't be slapped with an unnecessary runtime. there have been many longer pieces before and since, but in this case all of the charming kathryn grayson's scenes could have been eliminated. until the viewing of `kiss me kate' it may have been necessary non-opera enthusiasts to watch any of her films with remote control in hand. if there was a need to practice picking up women for 1949's `on the town', then perhaps the shore leave lucky sailors did not have to promise an audition with jose iturbi and strike up the piano for a whole hearted `susie' rendition. few are lucky to get a screen test at the golden studios of mgm. then few are even luckier to be attended to. there are no regrets to be had about the successful screen tests of susan abbot or kathryn grayson, but it makes the continual non-opera enthusiast hope for the eventual pink slip to be handed out to both. but for all, the star talents are good shape and an above average score thrown in with a slight, but fun great navy story intertwined with young ambitious navy boys good for late bursts of wartime morale, makes `anchors' at least doesn't question picking the wrong mgm film. the direction holds up as the cast carries the story in lovely colour cinematography. whenever anyone bursts into music or song, the film makes for a joyous occasion.the natural highlight of the film is gene kelly's cartoon adventures in a fantasyland, climaxing in a brilliant dance with jerry the mouse. this is a well-deserved masterpiece number of kelly's career, and it's nice to know he thought of it before fred astaire started taking to dancing on walls and ceilings.it's not exactly sitting down to a triple flavour, rainbow sprinkled, chocolate wafer, cream and cherry and banana split sundae, but it is a square solid lump of sugar that somehow eventually melts in your mouth and despite the guilt, is still a pleasant feeling.rating: 7/10

ah, a kelly/sinatra sailor-suit musical. so familiar, right? yes, but this isn't the one you usually hear about. on the town's that-a-way. but if you stick around, you might learn something. okay, probably not. anyway, anchors aweigh tells the story of two sailors on a three- or four-day leave. joe is the "sea wolf" and clarence, the bookish type, begs joe to get him a "dame". now, after they're picked up by the coppers they get little donald home. that's where they meet susie, that temptress, that jezebel. just kidding! clarence falls in love with her. at least he thinks he does. is he right? or is he a moron? or is he just misguided by society? find out all this and more when you watch {trumpet fanfare} anchors aweigh!p.s. if you want to see kathryn grayson be anything but sickeningly sweet, try kiss me kate (1953).

i really liked this movie. i have seen several gene kelly flicks and this is one of his best. i would actually put it above his more famous american in paris. sometimes it seems the story gets lost in gene kelly movies to the wonderful dance and song numbers, but not in this movie. it is definitely worth renting.

one of the first of the best musicals, anchors aweigh features several memorable musical sequences, such as kelly dancing with jerry the mouse, kelly dancing with 7-year-old sharon mcmanus, sinatra singing with jose iturbi playing piano, kathryn grayson singing with iturbi conducting, and much more. the technicolor is perfect, with some innovative camera work such as seeing a piano played from beneath, through transparent keys, and grayson singing, seen through the finder of another camera. the plot is thin, but you get involved from kelly's & sinatra's enthusiasm. sailor's on leave, they have to take home a runaway boy (dean stockwell) and sinatra falls for his aunt. to set him up with the aunt (grayson), kelly suggests that sinatra can get her an audition with jose iturbi. but sinatra's young and naive in this one, and in his own sung words falls in love too fast. while they're trying to contact iturbi, who's never available, he starts to fall for another girl (barbara britton); but kelly's now falling love with grayson. anchors aweigh is most often remembered for the combination live-action / cartoon sequence with tom and jerry, but there's a lot more here that's worth a look. i'm giving it nine stars because, while it's not quite as good as the best musicals - singin' in the rain, the music man, oklahoma - it is one of the first of their class of technicolor big productions (perhaps meet me in st. louis was the first), and better than most others.

a recent viewing of that's entertainment has given me the urge to watch many of the classic mgm musicals from the forties and fifties. anchors aweigh is certainly a lesser film than on the town. the songs aren't as good, nor is the chemistry between the characters. but the film beautifully interweaves classical favorites, such as tchaikovsky. and the scene at the hollywood bowl, with sinatra and kelly emerging from the woods above it at the top, and then running down the steps, while dozens of pianists play on the piano, is the best scene in the film, even though the scene in which kelly dances with jerry mouse is more famous. classical music enthusiasts will no doubt identify the music the pianists are playing. sinatra then croons, "i fall in love too easily," before having his epiphany about whom he loves. the color is beautiful, hollywood looks pretty with its mountains and pollution-free air (can you imagine hollywood in the twenties, let alone the mid-1940s?!), and the piano music is absolutely glorious. mgm certainly had a flair for creating lyrical moments like these.

incredibly artistic nobody could make them now i think.it seem to be perfect the biggest and the greatest musical ever made listen to the beautiful songs the are quite poetry.i'm italian and admired by american musical. why can't you do something like that now?american were the best and for that i absolutely show my devotion to you with this movie.there are words to describes the perfection of this movie. all of a sudden my heart sings, what makes the sunset? i fall in love to easily,jealousy...and the scene with tom and jerry. the greatest without reserve. if you you doesn't know your eyes are not open my friends you must see it and appreciate...wake up!

anchors aweigh is an entertaining mgm musical that fans of the genre will enjoy but i wouldn't rate it up there with classics like singin in the rain or the band wagon. this was the first of three musicals that gene kelly and frank sinatra appeared in together. kelly and sinatra play joe brady and clarence doolittle, two sailors on leave in hollywood who befriend a young boy (dean stockwell)who introduces them to his attractive young aunt (kathryn grayson) a struggling actress who is working as an extra at mgm. though both guys are initially attracted to grayson, she eventually voices a preference to joe but clarence later hooks up with a waitress (pamela britton)who, he learns is from his hometown of brooklyn. the paper-thin plot leaves room for several great musical numbers including "we hate to leave", joe and clarence's lament to their fellow sailors as they're leaving the ship; grayson's torrid rendition of "jalousie"; sinatra's dreamy rendition of "i fall in love too easily" (a number which is sadly deleted from some prints of this film), and "the worry song", a fantasy dance that kelly does with animated jerry the mouse from tom and jerry fame. kelly also does a sort of kissing bandit fantasy ballet which rivals his pirate's ballet in the later the pirate. kelly is in peak form here, in a robust and energetic performance that earned him his only oscar nomination for best actor and sinatra's endearingly shy character here is undeniably sexy. an entertaining diversion for fans of the mgm musical factory.

"anchors aweigh" is the product of the classic mgm musical production unit, and on the whole the film is every enjoyable  good music by jule styne and others, excellent dancing by gene kelly (and even a passable job by frank sinatra), and a funny well-paced script. the only major element i would criticize would be the casting of kathryn grayson, whose presence in a film always means the audience will be subjected to endless pseudo-operatic warbling from the petite miss.kelly plays a naval serviceman named joseph brady, a man with a mythic reputation around the ship as a lover but whose valentino-charms are constantly being subdued by the presence of his less cocksure friend with the improbable middle-american name of clarence (sinatra). upon receiving 3 days of shore leave for saving clarence's life, joe reluctantly agrees to help clarence find a girl based on the dubious premise that he owes him something for saving his life. they are drafted by a policeman (rags ragland), who needs them to help coax a precocious young boy (dean stockwell) who wants to join the navy into returning home to "aunt susan" (grayson). at first it is clarence who is interested in wooing "aunt susan" but eventually kelly's character emerges as the more likely candidate.there are several standout musical scenes but nothing to come close to kelly's more famous work in films like "singin' in the rain" and "american in paris". the closest we get is a gimmicky sequence with kelly's character in a fantasy sequence dancing with jerry, the mouse from "tom and jerry" (although he seems to be closer in size to a dog or cat here than to a mouse). it's a startling sequence for its time but doesn't have enough complexity or emotion to really stand the test of time. i actually enjoyed the parts of the sequence that took place prior to the animation, where kelly was using semi-balletic moves to emphasize the transition into the fantasy world and where we see him dance down a tunnel that looks like something right out of "alice in wonderland".eventually the characters find their way to susan's favorite bar, a somewhat sanitized mexican restaurant/bar in tijuana. there the patrons happily allow ms. grayson to chirp her arias with abandon, and the management becomes very excited at the opportunity that clarence and joe have extended for her to sing with their "friend" jose iturbi (playing himself with a light humorous touch). of course they've never met their "friend" iturbi and they spend much of the film's length trying to reach him (in an amusing scene sinatra's character meets iturbi but mistakes him for a piano tuner and urges him to abandon tuning pianos and try a professional career), sneaking into the studio and the hollywood bowl, where iturbi is rehearsing a surreal symphony comprised of dozens of young piano players  you haven't seen anything like this outside of "1000 fingers of dr. t". iturbi himself is a kind of a god-figure in the story  he represents the opportunity for salvation from the drudgery of unfulfilling work and the possibility for fame and artistic achievement for the heroine. everyone is 100% sure that as soon as mr. iturbi so much as hears ms. grayson, her operatic career will be a reality. the 3 primary characters are desperate to reach him and they think of him as some kind of remote and distant mythological figure  a lot of the film's charm and humor comes from the contrast of this perception to the very down-to-earth "real" mannerisms of the maestro. and speaking of iturbi's contributions to the film, he also provides a very stimulating musical moment with his orchestral interpretation of "donkey serenade".when all is said and done, this is a film that nobody who enjoys musicals will want to miss. the majority of the music was written for this film, a nice contrast to recycled soundtracks for other kelly opuses like "rain" and "american". kelly is still at his early peak, adventurous and boisterous in both his dances and his interpretation of the character. sinatra's voice was never in better form and he rarely had better songs to sing. stockwell is a charming addition to the clan, and grayson's character is endearing when she isn't posturing on stage. iturbi adds that well-grounded but sophisticated tone that perfectly matches the atmosphere and style of the classic-era mgm musical. this is one of the better ones.

absolutely enjoyable singing and dancing movie starring frank sinatra and gen kelly, as well as kathryn grayson.the film won and oscar for george e. stoll's score, and it garnered nominations for best picture, best actor for kelly, and best cinematography, as well as a best son nomination for "i fall in love too easily" sung by sinatra.it was a cute story about kelly helping his pal sinatra get a girl and falling in love with her himself. the lovely grayson (the toast of new orleans) dazzled us with her singing, and we had a lot of great songs and dance routines by kelly and sinatra, as well as the artistry of pianist-conductor josé iturbi.a classic hollywood music from an era gone by.

two sailors are on leave--ladies man joseph brady (gene kelly) and shy innocent clarence doolittle (frank sinatra). they meet beautiful susan abbott (kathryn grayson) and both fall in love with her. there's more but you've probably guessed it.the story (even for a 1940s musical) is ridiculous and everything is so nice and wholesome--gets annoying pretty quick. also this movie is far too long. it's 140 minutes and that's way too much for such a silly story. there are also some boring numbers by jose iturbi and his orchestra. still this is worth catching.when kelly is dancing or sinatra or grayson are singing this becomes magical. none of the songs are particularly memorable but sinatra had such a beautiful voice you won't care. it's shot in rich technicolor with all the gloss mgm had. the acting is ok--kelly is fine (although seeing him as a ladies man is pushing it) and sinatra is just great (although seeing him as a shy guy was pushing it too!). grayson is given nothing to do but she's incredibly beautiful to look at. some shots of her literally took my breath away! there are plenty of highlights here: sinatra and kelly's big dancing and singing number; sinatra singing anything; grayson's two songs and the justly famous animated sequence in which kelly dances with jerry--an animated mouse! tom does a funny cameo too. also there's little dean stockwell who steals every scene he's in.so it's too long and the plot just doesn't hold up but it's still worth catching. this was a huge hit in its day.

usually musicals in the 1940's were of a set formula - and if you studied films you know what i'm talking about - a certain running lenghth, very "showy" performances that were great on the surface but never got into the real personalities of the characters etc.this one is different - and light years better and well worth it's nomination for best picture of the year - 1945 (although had no chance of beating the eventual winner - lost weekend).gene kelly was probably in the best form of his career - yes i know about "american in paris" and "singing in the rain". this one is different. he really gets into his character of a "sea wolf" thinking (at first) that "picking up any girl while on leave" is nothing more than a lark. and if you had to make up a "story" to get her - so be it - until. sort of like the music man when he gets "his foot caught in the door". the eventual hilarity of the film stems mostly from his and his new pal (sinatra)'s attempt to make the "story" good in order to "get the girl" that he really and unexpectedly falls in love with. you are going to have to see the movie to see what i mean.besides that there are so many other elements of great film in this one, it's a classic buddy story, nostalgia to a time when wwii was almost over (the war ended about a month after the films release), a realization that a guy that always laughed at life can find out that he really is a great human being, great songs and probably a few other elements of classic film making that i can't think of right now.why not a 10? near the end - at nearly 2 1/2 hours starts to feel a bit long. there is a small ballet number that gene kelly does that must have been a sensation in 1945 but seems dated and feels like it just adds minutes now. but overall, this ones a definite winner on every level.

similar to "on the town," this musical about sailors on shore leave falls short of the later classic in terms of pacing and the quality of the songs, but it has its own charms. kelly has three fabulous dance routines: one with jerry the cartoon mouse of "tom and jerry" fame, one with a little girl, and a fantasy sequence where he is a spanish lover determined to reach his lady on a high balcony. sinatra, playing kelly's shy, inexperienced buddy, and grayson, the woman who serves as the love interest for both men, do most of the singing. iturbi provides some fine piano playing. at nearly two and half hours, it is a bit too long for a light musical but it doesn't drag.

gene kelly, frank sinatra, kathryn grayson, and jose iturbi star in "anchors aweigh," directed by george sidney.kelly and sinatra are joe and clarence, two navy guys on leave in hollywood. they meet a little boy (dean stockwell) and on taking him home, they meet his aunt (grayson). clarence falls for her. she wants an audition for jose iturbi. they try to help, but there's a mix-up.this is a very energetic musical with great dancing and singing by kelly and sinatra. kelly gets to dance with jerry the mouse in a delightful sequence. grayson sings jalousie and my heart sings. not one of my favorite voices, but she does well. iturbi's piano work is beautiful.sinatra gets to show his versatility and why the girls swooned over him, with those big blue eyes and boyish face. for kelly, this was a major break for him at mgm.wonderful movie, very buoyant.

right from the start you see that "anchors aweigh" is a great comedy. gene kelly and frank sinatra make such a funny team! the songs they sing together are pure entertainment. kathryn grayson is gorgeous and really sweet. dean stockwell is the cutiest child actor i've never seen. if you are fond of piano, you'll be amazed by josé iturbi. this movie was the first one to combine animation with real actors and it did that wonderfully in an unforgettable dance number. undoubtedly one of kelly's funniest movies.

although in my opinion this is one of the lesser musicals of stars frank sinatra, gene kelly, kathryn grayson and director george sidney, a lesser musical featuring anyone from that line-up is nothing to sneeze at, and in conjunction, the line-up makes anchors aweigh a pretty good film despite its flaws.sinatra and kelly are clarence doolittle and joseph brady, respectively, two navy men. as the film begins, they're just pulling in to the los angeles area for some much needed leave. brady plans on visiting a girlfriend named lola. doolittle is still a bit wet behind the ears, appropriately enough, and seeks advice on women from brady in private (publicly, scriptwriter isobel lennart and sidney have all of the navy men comically exaggerating their finesse with women to each other). brady promises to help get doolittle hooked up, but primarily because doolittle won't leave him alone otherwise. a kink is put into their plans when local police basically force them to assist with a young boy who is obsessed with the navy. he won't give the police any information about who he is or where he lives. brady helps and he and doolittle end up taking the boy back home. when the boy's guardian, susan abbott (grayson), finally shows up, doolittle goes gaga for her. brady tries to convince him to forget about her; brady just wants to get back to lola. but they keep getting coaxed back to abbott's home, and eventually something of a love triangle forms. things become more complicated when brady lies about doolittle knowing a famous musician, jose iturbi, who is in residence at a film studio, and claims that doolittle has set up an audition for abbott, who is a singer and actress, in front of iturbi.because of the story, the music is a strange combination of militaristic music--because of the navy premise, obviously, broadway pop--what the stars tend to sing in more informal settings, opera--what abbott's character excels at, liberace-like popular classical--what iturbi did, and mexican music--because abbott frequents a mexican restaurant in a mexican section of l.a. the combination doesn't work as well as it could. plenty of the songs are good, and everyone involved is certainly talented as a singer or musician, but the genre hopping tends to lose coherence. worse, there are a couple showcases for iturbi, who was apparently a big star at the time, that effectively bring the plot to a halt and that seem more than a bit hokey at this point in time. i just watched another film that happened to have outstanding music, robert altman's kansas city (1996), but that misguidedly stopped the plot to periodically turn into a concert film. anchors aweigh takes a similar tactic. yes, this is a musical, but there's a difference between songs that propel and are integral to the plot and concert showcases that seem like contractual obligation material.there are also some plot problems. it's not very well established why brady is so against doolittle's pursuit of abbott. we can guess that brady thinks doolittle shouldn't become involved with someone who has to take care of a kid, and who seems relatively "proper" and traditional, but on the other hand, brady can tell that doolittle doesn't have the same womanizing disposition that brady admits of himself. abbott seems like a good fit for doolittle, and furthermore, lennart works hard to establish that brady just wants to get doolittle out of his hair and get on with meeting lola--it seems that brady's character should be quickly pawning doolittle off on any candidate, whether she's a good fit or not. this might seem like a minor detail, but it's actually the hinge for about a third to half of the plot. the story also seems a bit drawn out. length is a problem. anchors aweigh, clocking in at roughly two hours and twenty minutes, should have been cut down by at least a half-hour.the above surely sounds like i'm complaining about the film too much to justify an 8. i just wanted to stress what i see as flaws, because the conventional wisdom on anchors aweigh is much closer to the idea that it has no flaws.sinatra, kelly and grayson are certainly charismatic, separately and together. they turn in good, interesting performances. sinatra looks and acts much younger than his actual age of 29  30 while shooting. he plays an unusually naïve, virginal character--completely different than most of the roles he would take later, and different than his public image as a crooner. for kelly, this was his breakthrough film, and rightfully so. his choreography is varied and impressive, as is his acting. grayson is charming, her performance is sophisticatedly understated, and she's simply gorgeous. all of this helps override the flaws with the script and the drawn out pacing.and there's even a very interesting element that probably only arises because sidney was allowed to sprawl over a large variety of moods--the infamous kelly dance with jerry the mouse (of "tom and jerry" fame) in an extended fantasy sequence. this is one of the earliest examples of combining live action and animation, and it is extremely well done and enjoyable as long as you're a fan of fantasy. the fantasy sequences tend to be the best of the film. matched in excellence to the dance with jerry the mouse is a long song and dance number featuring kelly and grayson, where brady is imagining abbott in a scene from a period film while he woos her, having to resort to acrobatic stunts to reach her physically as she stands on a high balcony.as uneven and flawed as the film is, it is largely successful and entertaining to watch. fans of classic musicals certainly shouldn't miss anchors aweigh, and neither should sinatra fans, who'll get quite a kick out of his character.

this film (like astaire's royal wedding - which was shown after it on turner classic network last night) is famous for a single musical sequence that has gained a place in gene kelly's record: like fred astaire dancing with a clothing rack and later dancing around a room's walls and ceiling, this film had gene kelly dancing in a cartoon sequence with jerry mouse. the sequence is nicely done. what is forgotten is that kelly is telling the story behind the cartoon sequence to dean stockwell and his fellow child students at school during a break in the day, and sets the stage for the sequence by having stockwell and the others shut their eyes and imagine a pastoral type of background. kelly even changes the navy blues he actually wears into a white "pomeranian" navy uniform with blue stripes on it. jerry mouse does more than dance with gene. he actually talks - a first that he did not repeat for many decades. he also finally puts tom cat into his proper place - tom briefly appears as king jerry's butler, trying to cheer him with a platter of cheeses.but the sequence of the cartoon with kelly took about seven minutes of the movie. far more of this peculiar film is taken up with kelly's story of the lost four day furlough in hollywood, and how kelly ends up meeting katherine grayson and (with frank sinatra) stalking jose iturbi at the mgm film studio, the hollywood bowl, and iturbi's own home. except that the two sailors mean no harm this film could have been quite disturbing.kelly has saved sinatra's life in the pacific, and is getting a medal as a result. they are both among the crewmen back in california who are getting a four day leave. but the script writers (to propel what would be a short film - kelly has plans to spend four days having sex with one "lola", an unseen good time girl in hollywood) saddle gene with frank. it seems frank is one of those idiots that appear in film after film of the movie factories (particularly musical comedies) who are socially underdeveloped and in need of "instruction" about meeting girls (or guys if the characters are women). frank insists that gene help "teach him" how to get a girl. just then a policeman takes them to headquarters to help the cops with a little boy (stockwell) who insists on joining the navy (and won't give the cops his real name and address). when a protesting kelly is able to get this information out of stockwell by asking him some straight questions (which the cops could not ask), they insist kelly take the boy home to his aunt (grayson). still protesting, kelly gets saddled with increasingly complicated problems (mostly due to sinatra's simplistic soul view of things). he misses seeing lola the next day by sleeping late - sinatra felt he looked so peaceful sleeping he did not wake him up. he keeps getting dragged back to grayson's house, as sinatra feels she is the right woman for himself, but needs kelly to train him in love making.i suppose my presentation of the plot may annoy fans of anchors aweigh, but i find this kind of story irritating. while the singing and dancing and concert music of kelly, sinatra, grayson, and iturbi are first rate, it is annoying to have to take the idiocies of someone like sinatra's character seriously. in the real world kelly would have beaten the hell out of him at the start for following him at the beginning of the four day furlough - what right has he to insist (as sinatra does) that someone who saves their life should assist him on learning how to date? that kind of crap always ruins the total affects of a musical for me - unless the musical numbers are so superior as to make me forget this type of nonsense.the stalking of iturbi is likewise annoying. kelly tries to get grayson to like sinatra when he says sinatra can get her a meeting with jose iturbi to audition her singing ability. for much of the rest of the picture sinatra and kelly try to do that, and keep floundering (at one point - for no really good reason - grayson herself ruins kelly's attempt to get an interview at mgm with iturbi). it is only sheer luck (that iturbi feels sorry for an embarrassed grayson) that she does give him an audition of her talent. kelly, by the way, ends up with grayson. sinatra's conscience at not being able to help her see iturbi makes him ashamed of his bothering her (but not pulling kelly into it, oddly enough) and he meanwhile accidentally stumbles into meeting a waitress (pamela britton) from his native brooklyn. and naturally, without any assistance from kelly, sinatra and britton fall in love. ah,"consistency"! thy name is not "screenwriting" necessarily!

the united states was still fighting world war ii (the movie was released in between ve day and vj day). any studio worth its salt was either making fighting movies where fearless american soldiers beat the enemy, or americans in general were singing and dancing. technicolor musicals were what america thrived on in the depressing days when everything was rationed. most musicals of the day were simply a bunch of musical numbers strung together with the best available plot slipped in to fill time til the next musical number! i get the feeling now that the people reviewing this movie were all born after 1970. depressing how quickly we forget.this film could've been called "the search for jose iturbi" but now everyone wonders why. allow me to explain. from 1929--his arrival in america--until his death in 1980, iturbi was one of the finest pianists to grace a concert stage. he agreed to do a few movies in 1942, but hollywood had been after him for nearly a decade at that time. not only an excellent pianist, but a successful conductor as well, iturbi was very much a household word for more than 40 years. the scene where iturbi and 17 other pianists play one of liszt's rhapsodies was planned early on--and hasn't anyone ever noticed the other pianists were all children? joe pasternak, who produced that movie & many other mgm musicals, credited iturbi with interesting america's youth in classical music. grayson's wanting an audition with iturbi in the movie was not unlike real life at the time. everyone wanted iturbi back then. the joke among soldiers was that "gi" meant "get iturbi" (he did a lot of concerts at military bases).gene kelly was a great dancer and frank sinatra an excellent singer, but at the time this movie was made sinatra was barely 30 and had only been under contract to columbia records for four years. kelly was already well-known as a dancer, but iturbi had by then been a world-wide sensation for 20+ years.and as to the lack of a plot, americans didn't need plot. they were tired of war, they were sick with fear for their loved ones, and worried about the future. they needed happiness and hope and the assurance that things would work out fine in the end. they needed music and smiles and joy and romance. this movie and others like it delivered just what was needed.enough lecturing. mouse dancing aside, the best scene in the movie occurs between sinatra and iturbi with each of them "ignorantly" complimenting the other's music.if you have any interest in jose iturbi, the spaniard who conquered more of america than de soto, cortez, and de leon put together, please drop by my website, www.joseiturbi.com, where you can find a plot summary, excerpts from movie reviews "of the day" and pictures from this and certain other mgm musicals of the 1940's, as well as a biography and discography of iturbi.trout

joseph brady and clarence doolittle are two sailors, who have a four-day shore leave in hollywood.joe knows everything about girls and can't wait to see lola, while clarence is shyer and needs some advice from his buddy on how to meet girls.they then run into a little boy, donald martin, who has ran away in order to join the navy.they take him home and meet his beautiful aunt susan, who wants to be a singer.clarence wants susie to be his girl, but his shyness gets in the way.but he doesn't feel shy with a waitress, who comes from brooklyn, like he does.soon joe notices he's in love with susie.the boys are in a fix when they lie to susie on meeting with a big time music producer they don't even know.as they are in a fix with their feelings.george sidney's anchors aweigh (1945) is a great musical comedy.gene kelly is top-notch, once again, in his singing and dancing routines.frank sinatra is terrific as the shy guy from brooklyn.shy isn't the first thing that comes to mind when you think of frank sinatra, but he plays his part well.kathryn grayson is fantastic as susan abbott.we sadly lost this gifted actress and operatic soprano singer last month at the age of 88.the 9-year old dean stockwell does amazing job as the little fellow wanting to become a sailor.jose iturbi does great job performing himself.it's magic what he does with the piano.edgar kennedy plays chief of police station.sara berner is the voice of jerry mouse.there's a lot of great stuff in this movie and some fantastic singing and dancing numbers.just look at kelly and sinatra performing "we hate to leave".it's so energetic."if you knew susie (like i know susie)" is quite funny.it's a nice moment when frank sings brahms' lullaby to little dean stockwell.it's lovely to listen to grayson singing the tango "jealousy" .the most memorable sequence is the one that takes into the animated fantasy world, and there gene sings and dances with jerry mouse.also tom cat is seen there as the butler.they originally asked mickey mouse but he refused.the movie was nominated for five oscars but georgie stoll got one for original music score.anchors aweigh is some high class entertainment.

this one has a lot going for it - sinatra, styne, cahn, pamela britten -and a lesser amount of dross - iturbi, grayson - plus a little ho hum - kelly. it was sinatra's first real movie where the producer's spent a buck and you could see it on screen (previously he'd appeared in two low-budgeters, higher and higher and step lively) but if they'd only relied on the sinatra pipes and deep sixed grayson's plus iturbi's ego-tripping piano spots we'd have been left with a much tighter movie and a better showcase for sinatra. as it is he scores heavily in all his songs from the two duets with kelly - we hate to leave, i begged her - to his own solos, what makes the sunset, the charm of you and i fall in love too easily. despite this step lively remains the best sinatra musical of the forties on one tenth the budget.

overall this is a delightful, light-hearted, romantic, musical comedy. i suppose a small case could be made for the movie being to long. but i'm not sure what you would cut out. the singing that kelly and sinatra do? no. the fabulous dancing that kelly does? no. the time the movie takes to develop the story line and develop the relationships of the characters? no (that seems to be a common complaint many times that more recent movies don't develop the characters).some comment that iturbi didn't bring much to the movie but this gives us a chance to see and hear a great talent from the 1040s. so what if he wasn't an actor? he was an important part of the movie as the basic plot was to get grayson an audition with him. originally katherine grayson wanted to be an opera star. louis b. mayer brought her to mgm for a screen test that included an aria. during her audition in the movie there is a shot of the mgm brass nodding and smiling. you can just imagine it was like that when she had made her real screen test years before.this movie is so full of life it is hard to hit all of the highlights. great use was made of color and lighting throughout the movie. you can see why frank sinatra became the star he did. a nice counter-point in the movie is how sinatra (a ladies man even then) played the role of wanting to just find a date while on leave. you'll feel good after seeing this movie. 7/10

since i first saw anchors aweigh in 1945, viewing it on videotape holds a lot of nostalgia for me. at age 15, it was easy for me to be drawn into the first of the great mgm technicolor musicals. now i am perhaps most interested in thinking about the future careers of the leading players. though sinatra had done a couple of negligible films soon after his emergence after his dorsey days, as a solo singer, this was his first major film appearance. as another viewer noted, this seems almost to be a warm-up for on the town. sinatra may have had to work hard at it, but his dance with kelly is credible, and he would do better in their next pairings. however, observing his physique, it's easy to see why he was caricatured as a string bean. who would have imagined that within a decade he would win an academy award for acting, and go on to play many roles as a tough detective or leader in combat. though gene kelly's personality and dancing dominated this film, his winsome performance did not suggest that he would become a major creative force, almost the iconic figure, for mgm musicals, where he developed a style of dance complementary to that of fred astaire. finally, it was strange to see the fresh-faced dean stockwell and remember that he would later play a "thrill" killer in compulsion, based on the leopold-loeb murder from the 1920s. an additional note: one reviewer praised the performance of betty garrett as sinatra's love interest. she later played opposite him in on the town, but pamela britton was featured in this film.

in the citadel film series book the films of gene kelly, anchors aweigh is described as a kingpin of a musical. i sure can't do better than that. it's such an important film in both the careers of gene kelly and frank sinatra. kathryn grayson didn't do too badly with this either.louis b. mayer had lent gene kelly out to columbia where harry cohn had an inspiration to let kelly choreograph his own numbers and because of it, cover girl became a classic. so if mayer didn't learn a lesson, producer joe pasternak did and allowed kelly artistic control. when anchors aweigh was finished, fred astaire at last had a dancing rival for monarch of cinema dance.the main number everyone talks about with gene kelly here is the dance with jerry mouse. originally kelly wanted to do the number with walt disney's mickey mouse, but disney wasn't lending mickey out to nobody. mickey would have to wait until who framed roger rabbit to do an outside film. not to worry because mgm had it's own animated rodent one half the team of tom and jerry.kelly as dancer always strived to do something new and different on screen as did fred astaire. for the next dozen years, these two were allowed all kinds of artistic control and were praised for their work even if the films themselves weren't up to snuff. it was like each inspired the other to bigger and better creativity, kelly for mgm, astaire for mgm and any number of other studios. in anchors aweigh, kelly got sinatra to dance a bit. in fact frank sinatra always gave credit to gene kelly for showing him how musicals should be done as he gave credit to both burt lancaster and montgomery clift for their help in earning him is oscar for from here to eternity.when frank sinatra had half of his contract bought from rko by mgm he insisted on a little artistic creativity on his own. he'd become friends with the songwriting team of jule styne and sammy cahn. in his autobiography sammy cahn tells about how sinatra insisted that they write his songs for this film. louis b. mayer gave in and the team wrote some really fine ballads for him to sing. one of my favorite sinatra numbers comes from anchors aweigh, i fall in love too easily. frank sings it accompanying himself on the piano at an empty hollywood bowl. it's sinatra at his best. with jule styne and later with jimmy van heusen, sammy cahn richly earned the title of having put more song lyrics in frank sinatra's mouth than any other person. they were lifetime friends and cahn always credited sinatra with this milestone boost in his career.on a bet styne and cahn said they could write a song just using a chromatic scale. they proved it in anchors aweigh when kathryn grayson put her soprano to work on all of a sudden my heart sings. she also did some classical numbers.here singing in fact is the basis of the plot. two sailors on leave through a combination of circumstances meet up with kathryn grayson and her orphaned nephew dean stockwell. trying to fix her up with sinatra, kelly says he can get her an audition with jose iturbi. they spend the film trying to accomplish just that. my only disappointment in anchors aweigh was that pamela britton, who plays the waitress 'brooklyn' never got a number herself. she had gotten rave reviews from her performance as meg brockie in brigadoon on broadway and that's what brought her to hollywood. i have a suspicion she had a number that was cut and somewhere in mgm's vaults it might still be.anchors aweigh is a great example of why musicals just aren't made any more. all that creative talent was under contract to metro-goldwyn- mayer. if you had to pay market value for it, the cost might retire some third world country's debt.but the film results would be extraordinary.

the only reason i give this movie 8/10 stars, and not 10, is because 1) sinatra is awful and 2) the love interest of kelly's character leaves much to be desired, (imho). do love that dean stockwell, quantum leap - al, is the little boy. the dance sequence with jerry mouse is one of the most entertaining and amazing dance sequences i have ever seen. tom and jerry is still a personal favorite of mine and my daughter's. i'm 28 and she's 4, so while the character is less iconic than mickey, he is still a favorite of many children and adults today. kelly is as always captivating, his eyes full of fun and excitement. in every movie i have ever seen him in, he always steals the show. one of the best dancers of the 20th century. it is no wonder paula abdul "sampled" kelly's moves. i would also list gene kelly as one of the most beautiful people of the 20th century. if you were to watch only one part, don't miss kelly's dance with jerry mouse. you will not be disappointed.

anchors aweigh sees two eager young sailors, joe brady (gene kelly) and clarence doolittle/brooklyn (frank sinatra), get a special four-day shore leave. eager to get to the girls, particularly joe's lola, neither joe nor brooklyn figure on the interruption of little navy-mad donald (dean stockwell) and his aunt susie (kathryn grayson). unexperienced in the ways of females and courting, brooklyn quickly enlists joe to help him win aunt susie over. along the way, however, joe finds himself falling for the gal he thinks belongs to his best friend. how is brooklyn going to take this betrayal? and does joe end up with susie, who loves him too?the first and second times i saw anchors aweigh, i also saw it at the same time as i did on the town, the kelly/sinatra collaboration from 1949. both times i felt that anchors aweigh was the better film in terms of plotting and structure--all the dances and songs fit the moment in the plot, and they develop the characters and story rather than hamper them. yet, both times i came away feeling that on the town is the better film overall. having now seen both films a third time, i still stand by that judgement. somehow on the town, as a film and a piece of entertainment, is just lighter, gayer, purely and simply *happier*. the numbers are more outrageous and less integral to the plot, and yet somehow it works better than all the dances and singing in anchors aweigh. i'm not quite sure why this is. the typical argument is that the latter film is over-long: at almost two and a half hours, this is certainly a valid criticism to make. i certainly felt the length the first two times i saw it! however, it's also a film that grows on you--the more you see it, the shorter it feels and the more you appreciate the technical mastery involved in its making. and yet, something just doesn't hang together quite right. it feels almost as if the script was pored over, and *every* single moment when kelly could break into dance or sinatra into song was noted, and that's exactly what happened. no opportunity to shoehorn a musical number in was given up... and that's probably the film's biggest weakness. it has 16 numbers (give or take a few), and no matter how big a fan you are of kelly or sinatra, this really starts to turn one numb after a while. (contrast this, for example, with the ten numbers in on the town.) you might well feel that each song, each dance, can't be taken out of the film without leaving it lacking... and that's true. but that's also because the writers weren't more restrained in adding them in in the first place.all this long preamble doesn't mean there's nothing good about anchors aweigh. the musical *is* splashy with great songs bursting out all over, like the duets between kelly and sinatra ('we hate to leave', 'i begged her' and 'if you knew susie'), the singing of sinatra ('what makes the sunset', 'the charm of you', and the best of all, 'i fall in love too easily'), and without a doubt the always inventive, always breathtaking dancing of kelly. it's also hard to miss with a cast of this calibre. grayson is sweet and seems to improve on each viewing (her voice becoming stunning rather than frightening); jose iturbi's role is written sympathetically and he does a great job with it; even clarence's own brooklyn, pamela britton, is cute and charming... as close as one could get to betty garrett without being garrett herself! sinatra is adorable with those blue eyes and curls of his, and plays the innocent boy-man wonderfully (a role he reprises in on the town). his singing is, as usual, simply faultless from enunciation through to timing and phrasing. his solo numbers might seem to drag a little, but when you've got the voice of a century, showcasing it is probably as good a reason as any to slow up the rest of the film!gene kelly's sheer genius in this film is worthy of its own paragraph. third in the billing behind sinatra and grayson respectively, anchors aweigh really is kelly's film. his joe brady is a believable, real character--he's tough on the outside, glib and willing to lie when necessary to win a gal, but he's actually the biggest softy on the inside. kelly makes this charming rather than cloying, but also gives joe a real edge that you see in the scene when joe chases brooklyn around the room with a genuinely murderous look on his face and his breakfast tray in his hands. and the *dancing*--again, the film suffers from the 'too much of a good thing spoils the effect' syndrome, as it does with sinatra's singing. but once again, if it's gene kelly doing the softshoe, or tapping across the screen in a sailor's outfit or dressed up as a bandit chief... might as well err on the side of overdoing it! all of kelly's dances are breathtaking, be it the pared-down simplicity of his tap number with sinatra to 'i begged her', his 'mexican hat dance' with the sweet wide-eyed little girl, or his lavish spanish-influenced dance 'la cumparsita'. of course, the classic image left in audiences' minds for all time would be kelly in his red, white and blue sailor suit, dancing with jerry mouse of 'tom & jerry' fame. a well-deserved golden film memory, to be sure--it's not often that one can say you're impressed by the special effects in a film made in 1945, given the saturation of cgi in the contemporary film market. but gene and jerry still look great, with kelly always hitting his spots and looking exactly where he needs to look. it *would* turn out that just about the only people who could really keep up with gene kelly would be kelly himself (in cover girl) and a cartoon animation. it's doubtless that this first daring, inventive kelly dance with jerry has reserved a place for anchors aweigh in film history and the hearts of classic film buffs. but it's also notable for being the first of three kelly/sinatra film collaborations, and though rather too drawn-out, still a great couple of hours of entertainment. watch it first, then again and maybe again--it'll grow on you before you realise it! 7.5/10

everything a musical comedy should be. gene kelly (as joe brady) doesn't miss a step, and frank sinatra (as clarence doolittle) doesn't miss a note. scenes with them together are very good, showing how much talent can add to a somewhat uneven plot. sinatra's "i fall in love too easily" is an indication of his then and future best. kelly's "mexican hat dance" with a young mexican girl is delightful. kelly certainly earned his nomination as best actor. and there is a bushel of truly funny lines, like: "you think the navy takes dopes?"; "you think anybody sings a sailor to sleep?"; and, "we got in a little trouble, we picked up a little kid." a thoroughly enjoyable movie, just the thing for shaking off the dust of a recently concluded world war ii.

released some months before the end of the war, "anchors aweigh" is one of gene kelly's major musical triumphs of the forties under the direction of george sidney, it had the benefits of a pleasant score, andbest of allthe services of gene kelly in his first true starring role at mgm the year before, in columbia's "cover girl," he had revealed an innovative approach to dance on the screen, a light but agreeable singing voice, and considerable charm in "anchors aweigh," although he was billed under frank sinatra and kathryn grayson, he was laying the solid groundwork for his most revealing years at mgm the film's story, a kind of dry run for "on the town" four years later, follows sailors kelly and sinatra on shore leave, spend their holiday in hollywood, where they become involved in the affairs of an aspiring singer (grayson) and her little nephew (dean stockwell).grayson, it appears, has her heart set on an audition with conductor-pianist jose iturbi she gets the audition, of course; kelly gets grayson after some misunderstandings; and sinatra, has forgotten to be shy, and has lost his heart to a girl from brooklyn (pamela britton).the plot is conventional for the period but, regrettably, it now seems barely tolerable but there is gene kelly, who dominates the movie with his agreeable personality perhaps he grins too much, but when is permitted to dance, the film finally lifts off the ground "i begged her," his early song and dance with sinatra, is amusing and slightly absurd, in which he imagines himself as a bandit chieftain in a spanish courtyard, courting maiden grayson with a flamboyant flamenco dance and some athletic leaps he also does a charming mexican dance with little sharon mcmanus in the square of a mexican settlement in los angelesthe highlight of the movie, however, is kelly's famous dance with the cartoon character jerry the mouse (of "tom and jerry" fame). delightful and innovative, it skillfully combines live action and animation in its tale of a sad mouse king who refuses to allow music in his kingdom until kelly, a sailor in the "pomeranian navy," wearing a striped shirt and a beret, shows him how to dance "look at me, i'm dancin'!" says the gleeful mouse king...

i first saw this movie years ago and have continued to view it several times a year when i have an opportunity. it is on my list of favorite movies along with some of the classics. should anyone tell you it is foolish or outdated, ignore them... this movie is for anyone who enjoys laughing and music. the dancing isn't as important in this film as in other astaire movies so the comedy and acting shine through. see this movie if you can, it may be light but it is still completely amusing. so i know that many people hate black and white films, they think old movies can't really be funny, this movie should make them change their minds. no one i know can watch this movie without being at least mildly amused. the only problem with the film: fred astaire singing without dancing. he may be a great performer and capable singer but it just isn't fascinating and leaves a big hole in the middle of the story. the comedy gets a bit cliché at times but the vaudevillesque performances of g burns and g allen are just perfect for the piece and can satisfy anyone looking for some easy laughs. give this film a chance even if you don't like old movies, this movie can appeal to the ridiculous in any one.

this movie appears to have designed as a fred astaire-ginger rogers film--the plot outline, dance numbers, zippy music and the entire formula is there...except for ginger! whether it really was originally intended as a re-pairing of the team is uncertain but it sure has the look of one of these films. instead of the usual sidekicks for fred (such as eric blore or edward everett horton), burns and allen are used--probably since despite being known as a comedy team, they could sing and dance quite well. this actually shocked me, but the team were a welcome addition and some of the traditional fred and ginger numbers were done with either fred and gracie or these two along with george. only once, at the very end, does ms. fontaine dance with fred but it's very brief and with a distant camera shot.and speaking of burns and allen, i think i owe it to the team to talk about them in the film. i have never been a fan of their show or their movies. in general, i find gracie's idiot act very annoying and i have given some poor reviews to their movie shorts and full-length films. however, in this film i must admit that they were great--not only dancing competently but i actually thought they were funny and filled the hole left by edward everett horton very nicely. they were on top of their game and the writers did a wonderful job in this department.now as for the rest of the film, it's all a lot of fun and is entertaining. the problem for me, though, was that joan fontaine was not a particularly good choice for the movie--not just because she was acting outside her range (after all, she wasn't a singer or dancer), but because she had the screen presence of a ball of lint. because of this, the usual balance and great boy-girl dialog was lacking. there was also a very charming performance by harry watson as a devilish little boy who did everything he could do to play cupid--all because he wanted to win a bet! and finally, i loved the fun house and tunnel of love sequence--it is too hard to describe but is so much fun to watch! overall, i did like the film quite a bit--it had a lot of charm and excellent writing. unfortunately, it also featured a bland performance by ms. fontaine that knocks off a point--bringing my score for this film to 7.

soon americans would swarm over a darkened, damaged england preparing to invade europe, but in 1937 the picture of hip americans in the sunny, slightly ridiculous english countryside was an appealing, idyllic diversion. american dancing star & heartthrob jerry halliday (astaire), on a european tour & weary of the screaming female crowds generated by the lurid propaganda of his manager (burns), is unwittingly caught up in the marriage prospects of frustrated heiress lady alice marshmorton (fontaine). the tale is complicated by a betting pool among the marshmorton servants that is run by (and rigged for) head butler keggs (gardiner), who's betting on lady alice's cousin reggie (noble), the favorite of alice's stuffy, domineering aunt (collier). the story would have been much better as a half-hour tv episode. the usual wodehouse plot devices of mistaken identity and jumps to wrong conclusions wear thin in a full-length film. both alice & jerry appear impossibly (and annoyingly) clueless by the second half of the film. the amusement park interlude & the climax in the castle are too long & begin to drag. fontaine is too beautiful, too dignified & too quiet to be a ditzy blonde, no matter how aristocratic, while young footman albert (watson) is painfully awful. but while "damsel" is a pretty diminutive vehicle for so much talent, the talent doesn't let us down. astaire's romantic comedy skill is no less enjoyable here than in any of his films with ginger rogers and his dance scenes, both solo & with burns & allen, are up to par, though his one dance with novice hoofer joan is necessarily tame. gracie nearly steals the whole show as george's bubbly secretary who is at once airheaded, conniving & coolly self-confident. her scene with solid character actor gardiner as the devious snob keggs is a one-of-a-kind classic. this & astaire's priceless scene with the madrigal singers give "damsel" a delightful color of naive but noble-spirited americans mixing with noble but dull-spirited englishmen. gershwin is at the top of his game with "nice work if you can get it" & "stiff upper lip," which carry the film through its weak points. and is there another film where madrigals get a gershwin swing treatment? "damsel" is more than a piece of trivia for those who might want to see astaire without rogers or fontaine before she was a real star. it's a fine diversion as entertaining as any of the vaudevillian musical comedies that ruled the 1930s but will never be made again.

i read that jessie matthews was approached and turned down co-starring with fred astaire in damsel in distress. jessie matthews in her prime never left her side of the pond to do any american musical films. if they had teamed for this film it would have been a once in a lifetime event.it's a pity because damsel in distress has everything else going for it. fred astaire, story and adapted to screen by author p.g. wodehouse, burns&allen for comedy, and songs by the gershwin brothers. in answer to the question posed by the nice work if you can get it, there isn't much you could ask more for this film.except a leading lady. though ginger rogers made several films away from fred astaire, damsel in distress is the only film astaire made without rogers while they were a team. young joan fontaine was cast in this opposite astaire.her character has none of the bite that ginger rogers's parts do in these films. all she basically has to do is act sweet and demure. she also doesn't contribute anything musically. and if i had to rate all the dancing partners of fred astaire, joan fontaine would come out at the bottom. the poor woman is just horrible in the things are looking up number. when she co-starred later on in a musical with bing crosby, the emperor waltz, it's no accident that fontaine is given nothing musical to do.the version i have is a colorized one and in this case i think it actually did some good. the idyllic lush green english countryside of p.g. wodehouse is really brought out in this vhs copy. especially in that number i mentioned before with astaire and fontaine which does take place in the garden.burns&allen on the other hand as a couple of old vaudeville troopers complement astaire in grand style in the stiff upper lip number. the surreal fun-house sequence is marvelously staged.p.g. wodehouse's aristocracy runs the gamut with constance collier at her haughty best and for once montagu love as fontaine's father as a nice man on film.the biggest hit out of a damsel in distress is a foggy day maybe the best known song about the british capital city since london bridge is falling down. done in the best simple elegant manner by fred astaire, it's one of those songs that will endure as long as london endures and even after.overlooking the young and inexperienced joan fontaine, a damsel in distress rates as a classic, classic score, classic dancing, classic comedy. who could ask for anything more?

a damsel in distress is a delight because of the great gershwin songs, fred astaire, joan fontaine, and a terrific supporting cast headed by gracie allen and george burns.typically silly plot for an astaire film has him as an american dance star in england with burns as his publicist and allen his secretary. they concoct a story about his being a love bug with women falling victim to him left and right. he runs into fontaine who is being held captive in her castle by a domineering aunt and docile father. silly plot.the great songs include a foggy day, things are looking up, nice work if you can get it, and i can't be bothered now. fontaine does not sing, but does a brief (and decent) number with astaire. surprisingly good in a few dance numbers with astaire are burns and allen, including an inventive and fun romp through an amusement park.also in the cast are reginald gardiner, constance collier, montagu love, harry watson (as albert), ray noble, and my favorite--jan duggan as the lead madrigal singer.jan duggan is in the middle of the swoony trio who sings nice work if you can get it. her facial expressions are hilarious. she was also a scene stealer in the w.c. fields comedy, the old fashioned way, playing cleopatra pepperday.much abuse has been heaped on this film because of the absence of ginger rogers, who, as noted elsewhere, would have been hideously miscast. the tcm host notes that ruby keeler and jessie matthews were considered. yikes. two more would-be disasters. fontaine is fine as alyce and the dynamic allows the musical numbers to belong to astaire, with ample comic relief by burns and allen.fun film, great songs, good cast, and jan duggan in a rare spotlight!

joan fontaine is "a damsel in distress" in this 1937 musical starring fred astaire, george burns, and gracie allen. the plot, what there is of it, is about a british woman (fontaine) in love with an american, who is mistaken for astaire, a musical comedy star.the film, directed by george stevens, contains some wonderful gershwin music, including "nice work if you can get it" and "a foggy day." the best scene is the "stiff upper lip" number, which takes place in a fun house.astaire's singing voice sounds more robust in this film than it does in others, and he has a couple of excellent dance numbers. burns plays his over the top publicist and allen is burns' secretary. she's hilarious. the problem, as others have pointed out, is fontaine, who has to dance with astaire at the end of the film. stevens could easily have used a double because he shows the dance in a long shot, and it takes place among the trees. i would have thought it was a double except the dancing was so lousy.definitely worth seeing despite its flaws.

this musical is decidedly mixed, and none of the elements really fit together, but it somehow manages to be mostly enjoyable. the plot contains some of the elements of wodehouse's novel, but none of its virtues, though he co-wrote the script. the songs, though charming, have nothing to do with this particular film, and are unusually crudely squeezed into the plot, even by pre-oklahoma standards. burns and allen do their usual shtick quite competently, but it misses the tone of the rest of the film by about forty iq points.there are a few high points. reginald gardiner does good work when he remembers that this is a talkie, and stops mugging like a silent actor. and there are a few bits of writing which could only have been written by wodehouse, though most of the film feels like the production of one of the hollywood meetings he later parodied.

back when musicals weren't showcases for choreographers, we had wonderful movies such as this one.being a big fan of both wodehouse and fred astaire i was delighted to finally see this movie. not quite a blend of wodehouse and hollywood, but close enough. some of the american vaudeville humour, the slapstick not the witty banter, clash with wodehouse's british sense of humour. but on the whole, the american style banter makes the american characters seem real rather than cardboard caricatures.some inventive staging for the dance numbers, including the wonderful fairground with revolving floors and funhouse mirrors, more than make up for the lack of a busby berkley over the top dance number. they seem a lot more realistic, if you could ever imagine people starting to sing and dance as realistic.the lack of ginger rogers and eric blore don't hurt the movie, instead they allow different character dynamics to emerge. it's also nice not to have a wise cracking, headstrong love interest. instead we have a gentle headstrong love interest, far more in keeping with wodehouses' young aristocratic females.

in a famous essay he wrote about charles dickens, george orwell points out that many readers always regretted that dickens never continued writing like he did in pickwick papers: that is, he did not stick to writing funny episodic novels for the rest of his career. this would not have been too difficult for dickens. his contemporary robert surtees did precisely that, only concentrating on the misadventures of the fox hunting set (mr. fancy romford's hounds is a title of one of his novels). among hunters and horse lovers surtees still has a following but most people find his novels unreadable. dickens was determined to show he was more than a funny man (and don't forget, his first book, sketches by boz, was also a funny book). so dickens third book is oliver twist (which got pretty grim at points). orwell says that for any author to grow they have to change the style of their books. dickens would definitely (and successfully) have agreed to that.but orwell overlooked the genre writer who transcends his fellows. surtees, as i said, is a genre writer concentrating on hunting - but not everyone is interested in hunting. but p.g.wodehouse saw himself as an entertainer, poking fun at the upper reaches of the british social system. his earl of emsworth is prouder of raising the finest pig in england than being...well earl of emsworth! his psmith is always prepared to counterattack when he is supposed to be submissive to an unfair superior. his stanley uckridge will always have a "perfect" scheme that should net a huge profit (but always manages to come apart at the end). and best of all, his jeeves will always put his brilliant brain to work rescuing the inept bertie wooster, his boss. since wodehouse had a limited view of his mission as a writer - he was there to do cartoon figures of fun for the entertainment of the world - his books never lost their glow. they served (and still serve) their purposes. in fact, compared wodehouse with his far more serious contemporary evelyn waugh, who also wrote funny books, but of a more intellectual type. the best of waugh remains among the high points of 20th century british literature: brideshead revisited, decline and fall, and the rest. but in his determination to make his points, if his points failed to interest the reader the book frequently collapsed. for every vile bodies there was some failure late in his career like the ordeal of gilbert pinfold. while wodehouse could do lesser hack work too, his falling did not go as far as waugh's did.wodehouse also was a gifted lyricist (when you hear "bill" in the score of showboat, it is not kern and hammerstein's tune, but kern and wodehouse's tune transposed from "oh lady, lady" a dozen years earlier). he was a handy dramatist too. so it is pleasing to see that he took his novel a damsel in distress and turned it into the screenplay here.it has the normal wodehouse touches. that perfect butler keggs (reginald gardiner in a wonderful performance) is a scoundrel in rigging a "friendly" gambling game of chance among the staff of the stately home he heads. he is also unable to refrain, occasionally, from singing italian opera - despite constance collier's attempts to control his impulse. this is typical wodehouse characterization. so is the way the love affair between lady alyce and jerry keeps going well and going down due to the antics of keggs and young albert, both of whom want to win that game of chance pot of cash. wodehouse always does that type of plot switch, with antagonists switching their point of view depending on their present state of interest.wodehouse was also lucky here to have burns and allan to work with. it is generally considered that of all the films they made as supporting actors together (such as six of a kind and we're not dressing) george and gracie did their best support with fred astaire. the fun house sequence, which includes the song "stiff upper lip", is wonderful, as is an earlier sequence where the three do a "whisk broom" dance (that astaire learned from burns). but gracie's marvelous illogical logic is used by wodehouse in scenes with gardiner (see how she manages to confuse him into giving her more money than her change deserves to be - only albert happens to notice keggs/gardiner's mistake, and looks at gardiner as though he's either stupid or mad). her dialog with lady caroline (collier)'s son reggie (ray noble, the british band leader)leading him to imagine that he will marry her, but saying goodbye to gracie as she drives off with george to get married is wonderful too.the film supposedly failed at the box office because of the lack of ginger rogers in it, and the weakness of joan fontaine. fontaine is not doing a remarkable job in the role, but the flaw is really wodehouse's - he didn't make the character very interesting. but the film can stand without that, given the other performers and their characters, gershwin's music, and wodehouse's marvelous sense of fun.

i couldn't wait to get my hands on this one, when i read about fred astaire teaming up with george burns & gracie allen in a movie with a script by p.g. wodehouse and music by the gershwins. it is definitely worth seeing, but lacks the cohesive quality of the fred & ginger movies.the story would probably be better to read in a wodehouse book, where the humor comes across better. some of the acting is downright painful to watch (notably the young boy and the damsel).but...! the funhouse dance is worth more than most movies. i never knew that gracie allen could dance, but boy does she in this movie. have you ever tried to remain standing on one of those spinning discs in a funhouse? imagine tapdancing on one in high heels! she keeps up wonderfully with astaire and adds greatly to the overall quality of the picture.several nice songs, particularly fun are nice work if you can get it and stiff upper lip.recommended for fans of astaire, burns & allen. i had to go back and re-watch the funhouse dance as soon as the credits rolled.

first of all, in defense of joan fontaine, it must be said that ginger rogers would have been terribly miscast as alyce, the young british lady who has the title role. fontaine makes a fetching picture as the heroine here, but her acting inexperience shows badly and her dancing is better left unmentioned. fortunately, she went on to better things.but here it's fred astaire, george burns and gracie allen who get the top billing--and they are excellent. fans of burns & allen will be surprised at how easily they fit into astaire's dance routines. especially interesting is the big fun house routine that won choreographer hermes pans an oscar. they join astaire in what has to be the film's most inventive highlight.unfortunately, not much can be said for the slow pacing of the story--nor some of the stale situations which call for a lot of patience from the viewer. it must be said that some of the humor falls flat and the usual romantic misunderstandings that occur in any fred astaire film of this period are given conventional treatment. only the musical interludes give the story the lift it needs.some pleasant gershwin tunes pop up once in awhile but not all of them get the treatment they deserve. the nice supporting cast includes reginald gardiner, at his best in a polished comic performance as a conniving servant, constance collier and montagu love (as joan's father mistaken as a gardener by astaire).it's a lighthearted romp whenever burns & allen are around to remind us how funny they were in their radio and television days. both of them are surprisingly adept in keeping up with astaire's footwork.director george stevens makes sure that joan fontaine's hillside dance number with fred is filmed at a discreet distance but clever camera-work cannot disguise the fact that she is out of her element as astaire's dance partner, something she seems painfully aware of.

disregard the plot and enjoy fred astaire doing a foggy day and several other dances, one a duo with a hapless joan fontaine. here we see astaire doing what are essentially "stage" dances in a purer form than in his films with ginger rogers, and before he learned how to take full advantage of the potential of film. best of all: the fact that we see burns and allen before their radio/tv husband-wife comedy career, doing the kind of dancing they must have done in vaudeville and did not have a chance to do in their paramount college films from the 30s. (george was once a tap dance instructor). their two numbers with fred are high points of the film, and worth waiting for. the first soft shoe trio is a warm-up for the "chin up" exhilarating carnival number, in which the three of them sing and dance through the rides and other attractions. it almost seems spontaneous. fan of fred astaire and burns & allen will find it worth bearing up under the "plot". i've seen this one 4 or 5 times, and find the fast forward button helpful.

this is a very rare film and probably the least known from shirley temple as it isn't on any of her collections.the reason why is probably because it doesn't have a happy ending,unlike all her other films.its also not a musical,although she does belt out one song called' the world owes me a living'.the film was made in 1934 and originally in black and white,the version i have is in colour and on vhs,i would say they have done a fine job as the colour does look realistic,unlike i would say the colourised films of laurel and hardy which are dreadful.the film is good for its age and the story hasn't dated at all,i'm surprised no one has tried to do a remake.at times the film is a little bit to talky as some of the scenes with gary cooper and carole lombard seem really dragged out, in some scenes they seem to take fifteen minutes to say what they could have said in five.although don't be put off by this because this film does have some genuinely good moments in it,especially when {jerry}gary cooper steals a necklace,and hides it in shirley's teddy bear.the tension and slow build up to his actions,{while at the same time his daughter is singing to an audience in another room}is very well directed.gary and caroles edgy facial expressions when they are put under scrutiny are also very good.in all this is a good film from the early 30's,accept it for its age.

even longtime shirley fans may be surprised by "now and forever." the movie was filmed with paramount studios  not with shirley's parent company twentieth century fox  in 1934, before fox producer darryl zanuck had perfected the successful shirley formula (cute songs, cold hearts for her to melt, young couples for her to play cupid to, happy endings). thus "now and forever" falls into the category of a shirley vehicle without the standard shirley story. it is an awkward position for any movie, but this impressive, talented cast makes it work.gary cooper and carole lombard star as fun-loving, irresponsible con artists jerry and toni day. the only thing that this devoted yet dysfunctional duo seems to hate more than being together is being apart. when they are suddenly landed with custody of jerry's young daughter penny (shirley temple), it is toni  and not penny, as many believe  who persuades jerry to give up his criminal career. but jerry flounders at his desk job, and desperate to prove that he can provide for his new family, he soon returns to thieving and dishonesty. in a standard shirley device, penny tries to melt the heart of crusty curmudgeon felix evans, the victim of one of jerry's cons, but her attempt fails, for evans is revealed to be a con artist himself, and he blackmails jerry into helping him steal jewels. the drama, gunfight, death, and sorrow that follow all make this film a very unusual one for little miss sunshine. there is no happy ending, no dancing, and only one song sequence (the cute number "the world owes me a living").but this does not mean that shirley fans should avoid "now and forever." rather, it's divergence from the usual shirley story make it more interesting and memorable than many of her other films. but beware: you should avoid colorized version of this film, and see it in black-and-white if you can. the color is bright, garish, and unrealistic, and in many scenes, shirley's famous curls are actually red instead of blonde. yikes!

the only reason i came across this movie was that it's on the little miss marker dvd and i do recommend watching it although you won't like it as well as the better known movie.we have gary cooper and carole lombard as a con man and his companion. the film starts out quite light, but becomes more dramatic as coop first plans on using his daughter to extort a sizable amount of cash from his brother-in-law but upon meeting the girl and seeing the discipline she would be subject to with his brother-in-law elects to keep her. however, he has trouble staying on the straight and narrow path and so the drama develops.cooper and lombard are good and shirley still manages to steal the scenes she's in. there's little music in this, and shirley only has one song. however this is entertaining and worth watching along with little miss marker.

netflix should mention this short feature on the info for silk stockings. superior in every way to that over-produced fluff. this had much better cole porter songs and lots more energy. silk stockings turned out to be a big disappointment. fred was getting too old for this sort of thing, though the dances and cyd are lovely. i will be on the watch for the garbo--melvyn douglas version of ninotchka. was peter lorre ill during the making of silk stockings--he seems to be very passive in the more active numbers and with less lines? very glad that i ran across paree--paree by pure accident. made the whole experience a lot more enjoyable. bob hope, as a simple "song and dance man' is pure joy.

a delight mini movie, a musical short based on three of cole porter's broadway smash songs. bob hope's first credited film is a delight! he plays an american playboy millionaire on vacation in paris. the film opens with him sitting at a table of an out door café telling his friends about this beauty that takes his breath away. suddenly he spots her a few yards away. he is so over come his friends tease him and suggest "just show her your bank book." but hope claims he can win her in less than 30 days with "no" money! they bet polo ponies over the issue and take all his cash and id's. hope follows her and when they are alone gushes out a proposal she does not believe he is sincere until he sings to her, "you do something to me" by cole porter. but she must leave and he tries to earn money as a tour guide so he can pursue her. but when she sees him showing another girl around town, disillusioned she wants to drop him. he continues to chase her and catches up to her and her family at a race track where he bets his meager earnings on the last race hoping to win enough to impress her. through a series of events and large synchronized dance numbers he loses the winning ticket and she decides to marry him rich or poor. so he wins the girl, the race and the bet and sings two more songs!

it's a lovely movie ,it deeply reflects the chinese underground bands' current lives. if you chinese culture ,traditionaled rock n roll music, there you go, i will highly recommend this one .but one thing i am wondering is whether this movie has been showed in mainland ? i sorta doubt it ,:d

i really like this movie because in australia, chinese movies like these never get shown during prime time. i must say this is one of the best serious movies ever, which outlines the difference between the hong kong people, and mainland chinese. it really shows that there's discomfort between the two, but can only get better as hk are learning mandarin. it also showed me how in mainland china the indie rock scene exists, and that chinese people do know how to strum the guitar and get the house funking! whoever said china isn't ready for rock music? daniel wu is absolutely superb, with his clean and crisp voice, honest acting, and a total chick magnet. i recommend this movie to those who don't know much about asian people to cleanse themselves from the typical western stereotypes, and people who just love chinese/asian cinema like myself. check it out!

it may be the remake of 1987 autumn's tale after eleven years, as the director mabel cheung claimed. mabel employs rock music as the medium in this movie to express her personal attitude to life, in which love, desire and the consequential frustration play significantly crucial roles. rock music may not be the best vehicle to convey the profound sentiment, and yet it is not too inappropriate to utilize it as the life of underground rock musicians is bitterly more intense than an ordinary one. the director focuses on the depiction of subtle affection and ultimate vanity of life rather than mere rock music. the love between father and son, lovers, and friends is delicately and touchingly delivered through the fine performance. mabel does not attempt to beautify rock musicians as artists at all, instead, she tries to reproduce a true life on screen, making huge efforts of years' working on this project and gathering information in beijing underground pubs.daniel has given probably the best performance in all his movies made so far. his innate dispiritedness and reticence fit the blue mood of the film perfectly.

a wonderful early musical film from rene clair, as fun and witty as his silent "the italian straw hat". using sound in a expressive way and not just for dialogue and effects, clair influenced early musicals in america (the opera scene from a night at the opera is strongly influenced by le million, for example). should (but won't) be seen by all cinephiles, and the dvd from criterion is exactly as good as you'd expect. there's not a ton of extras, but most dvd extras i've seen are useless fluff, and the clair interview on disc is one i hadn't ever seen. get it while it's still around.

had this movie been made just a few years later, i would have knocked down the score a point or two because the sound quality was rather poor. at times, the movie appeared to be a silent film during the in-between-scenes (normal ambient sounds are missing). but, given it was 1931 and a french movie, this is quite forgivable. especially since this also occurs in later french films--by which time the sound difficulties should have been worked out completely (such as in l'atalante from 1934).okay, apart from some minor sound problems, this is a cute little film about a missing winning lottery ticket and a long list of people trying to get it. and, during the search there are lots of jaunty little songs that you can't help but like. a nice charming film all-in-all.

if one would see a rené clair film with the kind of distracted semi-attention which is the rule in tv watching - one might be better off doing something different.watching "le million" with all attention focused upon what takes place before eyes and ears will reveal a wealth of delightful details which keep this musical comedy going from the beginning to the end with its explosion of joy.in the danish newspaper berlingske tidende a journalist once wrote: "in my younger days i saw a film which made me feel like dancing all the way home from the cinema. this film is on tv tonight - see it!"

this is so exciting! after i saw "la roue" this afternoon, a short, light-hearted little movie, i consider this one a real treat! this is absolutely delightful and one of the most charming pictures i saw this year. it is the more amazing since it is an early talkie and puts some great pictures of the 30's to shame due to its innovative use of sound in cinema. it's simply filled with music and an adorable mood that's really upbeat and, bottom line, it made me happy! obviously it wouldn't be so difficult to retrieve the lottery ticket the male lead was looking for, but the pace is so exhilarating and the movie is so spectacularly entertaining that i didn't even think of it twice. the comedy is many times hilarious and i think it is even superior to the marx brothers, possibly the biggest comedic force of the time. this is rather perfect.

made in 1931, this foreign film should be seen and enjoyed more often.we open on a quiet little french village, scanning the roofs of the sleeping citizens. then we hear something that sounds like a party. upon investigating the uproar, two neighboring men are told the story of two men, supposedly friends, who picked two numbers for the lottery.our star of the picture has his number and his friend his. when he asks his friend, would he share half of the dough, should his ticket be the winning number, his friend promptly says no. in fact, h.e. double hockey sticks no! is the way he acts about it.so when our man discovers he has the winning ticket and that it has been lost, through no fault of his own, he is frantic. everyone is out for themselves, looking for this ticket, in something like a precursor to "the great race." even though this is all a flashback, i was in knots the whole time and got so upset over every little thing in this all-for-me show-me-the-money cash-in-the-bank film. watch le million today!

rene clair's groundbreaking musical. if you want to see where songs first drove a story this is the place. this is the story of a starving young artist who finds he's won the lottery just as his creditors come calling. unfortunately his ticket is in his coat, which is in his girlfriends apartment and has been given to an on the run convict who then... oh but that would be telling.this is a light and frothy story where much of the dialog is sung (most people think this didn't happen until oklahoma or andrew lloyd webber). its the sort of movie that they don't make any more, and rarely did when they did. its sound a film from the early days that plays like a movie from five or six years later. clair moves his camera around in ways that not even busby berkeley was doing (though to be honest comparing the two film makers is unfair since berkeley was doing essentially stage bound dance numbers and clair was moving the camera through "the real world"). its an amazing little movie. and its a charming movie that will just make you smile. its just a fluffy piece of enjoyment.i'm sorry i can't say more. its just a nice little movie and thats really all you need to know.

in le million, rene clair, one of the cinema's great directors and great pioneers, created a gem of light comedy which for all its lightness is a groundbreaking and technically brilliant film which clearly influenced subsequent film-makers such as the marx brothers, lubitsch, and mamoulian. the plot, a witty story of a poor artist who wins a huge lottery jackpot but has to search frantically all over town for the missing ticket, is basically just a device to support a series of wonderfully witty comic scenes enacted in a dream world of the director's imagination.one of the most impressive things about this film is that, though it is set in the middle of paris and includes nothing actually impossible, it achieves a sustained and involving fairy-tale/fantasy atmosphere, in which it seems quite natural that people sing as much as they talk, or that a tussle over a stolen jacket should take on the form of a football game. another memorable element is that le million includes what may be the funniest opera ever put on film (o that blonde-braided soprano! "i laugh, ha! ha!") also a delight is the casting: clair has assembled a group of amazing, sharply different character actors, each of them illustrating with deadly satiric accuracy a bourgeois french "type," so that the film seems like a set of daumier prints come to life.the hilarity takes a little while to get rolling, and i found the characters not as emotionally engaging as they can be even in a light comedy (as they are, for instance, in many lubitsch films.) for these reasons i refrained from giving it the highest rating. but these minor cavils shouldn't distract from an enthusiastic recommendation.should you see it? by all means. highly recommended whether you want a classic and influential work of cinema or just a fun comedy.

this is one irresistible great cheerful- and technically greatly made movie!the movie features some of the greatest looking sets you'll ever see in a '30's movie, even though it's all too obvious that they are sets, rather than real place locations. often if a character would fall or shake a doorpost too aggressive, the entire set would obviously move.the best moments of the movie were the silent, more old fashioned, slapstick kind of moments. it shows that rené clair's true heart was at silent movie-making. the overall humor is really great in this movie. also of course the musical moments were more than great. this is a really enjoyable light and simple pleasant early french musical. though the best moments are the silent moments, that does not mean that the movie is not filled with some great humorous dialog, that gets very well delivered by the main actors, who all seemed like stage actors to me, which in this case worked extremely well for the movie its overall style and pleasant no-worries atmosphere. no wonder this worked out so well, since this movie is actually based on stage play by georges berr.it's a technical really great movie, with also some great innovation camera-work in it and some really great editing, that create some fast going and pleasant to watch enjoyable sequences. there is never a dull moment in this movie!rené clair was such a clever director, who knew how to build up and plan comical moments within in movies. it's a very creative made movie, that despite its simplicity still at all times feel as a totally original and cleverly constructed movie, that never seizes to entertain.the last half hour is especially unforgettably fun, without spoiling too much, and is really among the greatest, as well as most creative moments in early comedy film-making.the movie is filled with some really enjoyable characters, who are of course all very stereotypical and silly and were obviously cast because of their looks. it all adds to the pleasant light comical atmosphere and cuteness of the movie.one of the most pleasant movies you'll ever see!8/10

i have lately got into the habit of purchasing any interesting dvd that the criterion company releases. i figure that even if i dislike the movie, criterion usually supplies enough extra material to compensate for any shortcomings in the actual film. i read up on them, and i buy the ones which are the most interesting to me.le million is my latest purchase, and i must say that i was not disappointed in the film. it is cheery, funny, and romantic. everything about it is quite excellent. the songs are wonderful. if i understood french, i would probably hum them and sing them all day long. the acting is very good for this kind of movie. american musicals of the classic hollywood era relied more on song and dance than the actual characters and story, but in le million, the characters are rather well developed and the story, while not being anything extremely impressive, is not at all lacking. i loved the developments of the relationships, especially the relationship between the once best friends michel and prosper. the romantic moments are also very well developed. the direction is nearly perfect, with several very memorable moments. probably the single most perfect scene of the film occurs right after the lead couple has an argument. they hide on the stage of an opera performance, and the opera singers sing lines which the couple, michel and beatrice, interpret to their own situation. this is definitely one of the high points in cinema history. the scene managed to make me laugh, to win me over with a very sweet romance, and make me smirk at just how clever the director was. i give this film a 9/10.p.s. - some information for anyone who has the same faith in criterion that i do and is planning to buy it. amongst the criterion discs i now own, le million contains the fewest features. all it has is a photo gallery (not all that useful; one might flip through it once) and a rare television interview with rene clair, the director. this piece is of some interest. he was one of the many directors who had started out in silent film, and when talkies were first appearing, he said that they represented the death of film. i think most film-savvy people understand what these directors meant when they said that, but it is interesting to hear him explain it. also, if you have read the description of this movie on amazon.com, please note that they were wrong in one important respect: not every line in the film is sung. in fact, it contains no more songs than a regular musical. it is actually a lot more like a chaplin or buster keaton or marx brothers film. my criticisms of the disc are not that important. heck, criterion has the right to smack me around for making those complaints. the fact is, their people probably spent hundreds of hours fixing up a film which only 20 (now 21!) people have voted for on imdb, and only about a hundred people, if that, will ever see the film. heck, if you look at the criterion web site, le million is nowhere to be found. i have no clue why not. it's something they should really be proud of (of course, their web site is surprisingly horrible). they did a fine job on this film. bravo! they deserve all the money i can stand to give them!

can i be as simple and primitive in my evaluations as to simply say "i liked it"? it's reasonably funny by bits, it got great stars and it's gorgeous to look at. the songs (there are about two which are then repeated) are forgettable, but they get a healthy ironic treatment (such as the terribly handsome mr fairbanks exploding into frenzied wagnerian version of the tender ballad miss grable has just rendered); there isn't much dancing with all the 1861 crinolines draped around miss grable, and the comedy might be a bit heavy handed, but the result still is very uplifting. the photography (including real outdoor shots which are a thrill) is amazing, playing around with different shades of lush heavy gold. miss grable is a bit past her prime and on the plumpish side, but still fresh and comfortable in this continental "olde worlde" comedy. it's pretty much along the line of "down to earth" with rita hayworth, and that one tends to be rather disliked by many. so i suppose several people would deem "that lady in ermine" to be outdated and stuffy. but it's a fairy tale, and these tend to move along at a certain paste anyhow. my suggestion is - just enjoy the artwork, the costumes, the witty script and everything else this film has to offer, and stop complaining. the film has been released on dvd in germany, with both german and english soundtrack.

lubitsch's last production but not his least interesting film. somehow largely ignored by critics as he couldn't finish it himself and as the movie wasn't co-signed by preminger who he did most of the staging... a very strange mix of musical (a remembrance of the merry widow ?)and classic lubitsch touch sentimentalism (an impossible love-story like cluny brown)yet a very clever and intelligent one yet not to be understood as some nostalgia of some lost world but rather a testament on eternal feelings prevailing on the foolishness of mankind and especially men in times of war with a "moral" lesson still true today as it was in 1948. billy wilder as an answer to preminger who grieved at lubitsch's funerals about having lost a great man replied that we still had his films and that sums it all up about that lady in ermine...

in 1948 this was my all-time favorite movie. betty grable's costumes were so ravishing that i wanted to grow up to be her and dress like that. douglas fairbanks, jr., was irresistible as the dashing hungarian officer. silly and fluffy as this movie might appear at first, when i was eight years old it seemed to me to say something important about relations between men and women. i saw it again the other day; i was surprised to find that it still did.

i enjoyed this film far more than anything had led me to anticipate; from reading other comments here, i suspect it benefits enormously from being seen on a full-size screen in the cinema, in the company of a cheerful and enthusiastic audience. i was lucky enough to have that experience, borne up on ripples of laughter from all around, and had an immensely good time with this undemanding comedy.for it is as a comedy that it shines, if it shines anywhere at all. the music is nothing special -- in fact, i hadn't realised it *was* a musical, and was very surprised when the assembled ancestors burst into half-spoken lyric -- but i do have to admit that the half-threat, half-promise of 'oh, what i'll do...' has proved far more catchy than it ever seemed at the time, as it's still going round and round in my head!the plot, such as it is, largely pivots around the past history of the eponymous francesca, a sixteenth-century portrait sporting a distinctly anachronistic hairstyle and fur-coat. her idea on the sanctity of marriage don't quite jibe with those of her distant descendant, the countess angelina, and one can almost hear the storyline creaking at the seams under the strain of the production code in order to ensure that the heroine arrives unsullied in her much-delayed marriage-bed with the right man...the romance is scarcely earth-shattering, and in fact the first few scenes, played pretty well straight, verge on the tedious. but where script and film really come to life is in the battle of the sexes that follows. the impudence of douglas fairbanks jr's courtship of betty grable's married angelina is equalled only by betty-grable-as-francesca's pursuit of him in turn, culminating in complete role-reversal in the hilarious fantasy sequence where she -- literally -- sweeps him off his feet. this is probably the comic climax of the plot, although the consequences of the colonel's understandable confusion are worked out with a deft touch in the remaining two 'acts' of the operetta-structure, and the spectacle of fairbanks' blissful, bemused awakening is more or less worth the price of admission on its own.grable is entirely convincing in establishing her two contrasting characters, wisely gets almost all the (limited) singing opportunities, and shares the honours where the swathes of quotable dialogue in the various verbal duels are concerned. but in the field of unspoken reaction she is really outclassed by her male supporting leads; fairbanks in particular is an absolute treat in a number of wordless sequences whose set-up and humour is worthy of the silent screen.this film is too uneven in style to be a classic, varying from sparkling repartee to hackneyed tedium. but at its best it is quite honestly very funny indeed, and brought a round of spontaneous applause and laughter across the auditorium at the end as the lights went up. out of tune with its times, it may have failed to draw contemporary audiences -- but, on this showing, really didn't deserve to be disowned by both grable and preminger, the (uncredited) director. this is no masterpiece, but a thoroughly entertaining minor work, and i for one found myself grinning in remembrance all the way home.

i have never danced flamenco before, but somehow i feel like this movie was perfect. the colors, how blatant the dances were, the gypsies, and the rivals all put together made a movie that seemed to have ended too soon. i have seen other carlos saura movies and i agree that this film may be his best production. i feel that the best characteristics of his past films were put together and aligned to make iberia. i appreciate the use of mirrors in revealing the activity going on behind the cameras. while watching this movie i felt like i was sitting in a small restaurant in madrid, comfortably watching the dancers bang on a wooden plank over a delicious fruit cocktail. for me, this movie fit like a glove. i don't know how i will be able to get a copy of this film in the us in the next few years. i recommend this movie to anyone who is attracted to the livelihood of other cultures. it is safe to say that this movie is certainly on my favorites list.

the music of albeniz pervades this film. once and a while it is played with original instrumentation (e.g. piano, but never full orchestra), but often it is re-worked with various contemporary ensembles (e.g.guitar) and treatments (e.g. jazz piano). only occasionally is the music the sole focus of the film: the vast majority of the time the music is set to various dances, often flamenco, but not always. i would guess that there are 1214 scenes, which are not united by a plot. not all scenes will reach the heights for an individual viewer. in my case about half reached the pinnacle, though all the rest were in their own way very fine. those that worked for me moved me to goose-flesh aesthetic delight; indeed, the final scene left me weepy with joy. and in some very magical way it brings you deep into spanish culture. if you don't like subtitles, don't worry. the film is virtually wordless, though each scene carries a title of an albeniz piece. seeing this very beautiful film sharpens my complaint that virtually none of the films of saura are available on dvd in the usa. i am thinking here particularly of his flamenco version of "carmen," a spectacular work of art that is available in europe but not here (european dvd's won't play on american dvd players). this is a scandal.

saturday june 3, 6:30pm the neptunemonday june 5, 4:30pm the neptunefew celebrations of ethnic and cultural identity succeed as mightily as carlos saura's brilliant interpretation of isaac albeniz' masterpiece iberia suite. at the approach of its centennial, saura drew together an unprecedented wealth of talent from the spanish performing arts community to create this quintessential love song to their homeland. the twelve "impressions" of the suite are presented without narrative in stark surroundings, allowing the power of each performance to explode before saura's camera. creative use of large flats and mirrors, moved throughout the set, combined with screens, shadows, fire, rain and rear projection add glorious dramatic effects to the varied selections of song, dance and instrumental performance. photographs of albeniz reappear throughout the program, connecting the passion of the music to its great creator. saura encompasses all spaniards on his stage from the beautiful elegance of elderly flamenco dancers in traditional costume to children joyously dancing with their instructors.

if saura hadn't done anything like this before, iberia would be a milestone. now it still deserves inclusion to honor a great director and a great cinematic conservator of spanish culture, but he has done a lot like this before, and though we can applaud the riches he has given us, we have to pick and choose favorites and high points among similar films which include blood wedding (1981), carmen (1983), el amore brujo (1986), sevillanas (1992), salomé (2002) and tango (1998). i would choose saura's 1995 flamenco as his most unique and potent cultural document, next to which iberia pales.iberia is conceived as a series of interpretations of the music of isaac manuel francisco albéniz (1860-1909) and in particular his "iberia" suite for piano. isaac albéniz was a great contributor to the externalization of spanish musical culture -- its re-formatting for a non-spanish audience. he moved to france in his early thirties and was influenced by french composers. his "iberia" suite is an imaginative synthesis of spanish folk music with the styles of liszt, dukas and d'indy. he traveled around performing his compositions, which are a kind of beautiful standardization of spanish rhythms and melodies, not as homogenized as ravel's bolero but moving in that direction. naturally, the spanish have repossessed albéniz, and in iberia, the performers reinterpret his compositions in terms of various more ethnic and regional dances and styles. but the source is a tamed and diluted form of spanish musical and dance culture compared to the echt spanishness of pure flamenco. flamenco, coming out of the region of andalusia, is a deeply felt amalgam of gitane, hispano-arabic, and jewish cultures. iberia simply is the peninsula comprising spain, portugal, andorra and gibraltar; the very concept is more diluted. saura's flamenco is an unstoppably intense ethnic mix of music, singing, dancing and that peacock manner of noble preening that is the essence of spanish style, the way a man and a woman carries himself or herself with pride verging on arrogance and elegance and panache -- even bullfights and the moves of the torero are full of it -- in a series of electric sequences without introduction or conclusion; they just are. saura always emphasized the staginess of his collaborations with choreographer antonio gades and other artists. in his 1995 flamenco he dropped any pretense of a story and simply has singers, musicians, and dancers move on and off a big sound stage with nice lighting and screens, flats, and mirrors arranged by cinematographer vittorio storaro, another of the spanish filmmaker's important collaborators. the beginnings and endings of sequences in flamenco are often rough, but atmospheric, marked only by the rumble and rustle of shuffling feet and a mixture of voices. sometimes the film keeps feeding when a performance is over and you see the dancer bend over, sigh, or laugh; or somebody just unexpectedly says something. in flamenco more than any of saura's other musical films it's the rapt, intense interaction of singers and dancers and rhythmically clapping participant observers shouting impulsive olé's that is the "story" and creates the magic. because saura has truly made magic, and perhaps best so when he dropped any sort of conventional story.iberia is in a similar style to some of saura's purest musical films: no narration, no dialogue, only brief titles to indicate the type of song or the region, beginning with a pianist playing albeniz's music and gradually moving to a series of dance sequences and a little singing. in flamenco music, the fundamental element is the unaccompanied voice, and that voice is the most unmistakable and unique contribution to world music. it relates to other songs in other ethnicities, but nothing quite equals its raw raucous unique ugly-beautiful cry that defies you to do anything but listen to it with the closest attention. then comes the clapping and the foot stomping, and then the dancing, combined with the other elements. there is only one flamenco song in iberia. if you love saura's flamenco, you'll want to see iberia, but you'll be a bit disappointed. the style is there; some of the great voices and dancing and music are there. but iberia's source and conception doom it to a lesser degree of power and make it a less rich and intense cultural experience.

i have seen a lot of saura films and always found amazing the way he assembles music, dance, drama and great cinema in his movies. ibéria shows an even better saura, dealing with multimedia concepts and a more contemporary concept of dance and music. another thing that called my attention is the fact that, in this movie, dancers and musicians, dance and music, are equally important: the camera shows various aspects of music interpretation, examining not only technical issues but also the emotional experience of playing. the interest of saura on the bridge between classical and contemporary music and dance is one more ingredient in turning this movie maybe the most aesthetically exciting among his other works. that's why i recommend it strongly to those who love good cinema, good music, good dance, great art.

mitchell leisen's fifth feature as director, and he shows his versatility by directing a musical, after his previous movies were heavy dramas. he also plays a cameo as the conductor.you can tell it is a pre code movie, and nothing like it was made in the us for quite a while afterwards (like 30+ years). leisen shot the musical numbers so they were like what the audience would see - no widescreen shots or from above ala busby berkeley. what i do find funny or interesting is that you never actually see the audience.as others have mentioned the leads are fairly characterless, and jack oakie and victor mclaghlan play their normal movie personas. gertrude michael however provides a bit of spark.the musical numbers are interesting and some good (the rape of the rhapsody in particular is amusing) but the drama unconvincing and faked - three murders is too many and have minimal emotional impact on the characters. this is where this movie could have been a lot better.

it's good to see that vintage film buff have correctly categorized their excellent dvd release as a "musical", for that's what this film is, pure and simple. like its unofficial remake, murder at the windmill (1949), the murder plot is just an excuse for an elaborate girlie show with kitty carlisle and gertrude michael leading a cast of super-decorative girls including ann sheridan, lucy ball, beryl wallace, gwenllian gill, gladys young, barbara fritchie, wanda perry and dorothy white. carl brisson is also on hand to lend his strong voice to "cocktails for two". undoubtedly the movie's most popular song, it is heard no less than four times. however, it's gertrude michael who steals the show, not only with her rendition of "sweet marijauna" but her strong performance as the hero's rejected girlfriend. as for the rest of the cast, we could have done without jack oakie and victor mclaglen altogether. the only good thing about oakie's role is his weak running gag with cult icon, toby wing. in fact, to give you an idea as to how far the rest of the comedy is over-indulged and over-strained, super-dumb inspector mclaglen simply cannot put his hands on the killer even though, would you believe, in this instance it happens to be the person you most suspect. director mitch leisen actually goes to great pains to point the killer out to even the dumbest member of the cinema audience by giving the player concerned close-up after close-up.

during the opening night of the vanties a woman is found dead on the catwalk above the stage. as the show continues the police attempt to piece together who killed who and why before the final curtain.i had always heard that this was a great classic comedy mystery so i was excited to find myself a copy. unfortunately no one told me about the musical numbers which go on and on and on. while the numbers certainly are the type that hollywood did in their glory days, they become intrusive because they pretty much stop the movie dead despite attempts to weave action around them. this wouldn't be so bad if the music was half way decent, but its not. there is only one good song. worse its as if the studio knew they had one song, cocktails for two, and we're forced to endure four versions of it: a duet, a big production number, as the vanities finale and in the background as incidental music. i don't think spike jones and his city slickers ever played it that much. the rest of the movie is pretty good with victor mclaglen sparring nicely with jack oakie. charles middleton is very funny is his scenes as an actor in love with the wardrobe mistress.by no mean essential i can recommend this if you think you can get through the musical numbers, or are willing to scan through them. its a fun movie of the sort they don't make any more.

a very enjoyable film, providing you know how to watch old musicals / mysteries. it may not come close to agatha christie or even thin man mysteries as a film noir, but it's much more interesting than your typical "boy meets girl" or "let's put on a show" backstage musical. as a musical, it's no busby berkley or freed unit, but it can boost the classic "coctails for two" and the weird "sweet marijuana". the film runs in real time during a stage show, opening night of the "vanities", where a murder - and soon another - is discovered backstage. is the murderer found out before the curtain falls? sure, but the search is fun, even though somewhat predictable and marred by outbursts of comic relief (luckily in the shape of the shapely goddess of the chorus girls, toby wing). the stupid cop is just a bit too stupid, the leading hero is just a bit too likable, the leading lady a bit too gracious, the bitchy prima donna bit too bitchy, and the enamoured waif a bit too self-sacrificing, but as stereotypes go, they are pretty stylish. there's a bevy of really gorgeous chorus girls, who are chosen even better than the girls for a busby berkley musical of the same period, who sometimes tend to be a bit on the plump side. yes, this film could have been much better than it is, and the duke ellington number is an embarrassment, but if you enjoy diving into old movies, this will prove to be a tremendously tantalizing trip.

this murder mystery with musical numbers is long on atmosphere and character but rather short on suspense and plausibility. based on a stage play by broadway showman earl carroll and others, it combines a whodunit plot with a backstage ambiance (a homicide investigation takes place on opening night at the theatre where a musical revue is being staged).the cast is impressive and varied: tough-goofy victor mclaglen as the police officer who leads the investigation and never fails to leer idiotically at whatever showgirl happens to be in sight; jack oakie (the prewar jack lemmon  or was jack lemmon the postwar jack oakie?) as the harassed director who must coordinate the staged performance as well as the chaos behind the scenes; the ever-homely jessie ralph as a wardrobe mistress with deep, dark secrets; dorothy stickney, who has a stunning close-up monologue near the end, as the tremulous maid madly in love with the male lead; carl brisson, the danish star, as that very male lead, warbling the classic "cocktails for two" not once but twice; kitty carlisle, operatically delivering "where do they come from and where do they go" and other johnston-coslow songs; the glorious gertrude michael, who parted from us too soon, as a mean-spirited showgirl whose love for brisson is spurned; the usually ridiculous toby wing who here at least is the center of a laugh-getting running joke.when the plot complications get out of hand there is always an interesting performer or fun and tuneful musical number to distract the viewer. the film's most celebrated sequence is the "marahuana" number, led by michaels, but aside from its controversial history, it's really one of the lesser musical offerings. all of the songs here are staged as if they could actually have fit into a standard proscenium theatre space, as opposed to the cinematic fantasy setup of the busby berkeley style.

financially strapped paramount pulled out all the stops for this '34 stage adaptation entry: big budget, large cast, extravagant production and mitch leisen tagged as the director. what happened? two things: busby berkeley didn't work for the out-of focus rock and a murder mystery script that didn't deserve to be in the same trash can as the worst charlie chan first draft down the street. i have to believe that the cutting was out of leisen's hands since the great duke ellington's number is savagely chopped, but that doesn't mean that it ain't worth a look: the 'sweet marihuana' number featuring topless chorus girls is a mind blower, considering the looming production code and it also has the ravishing toby wing (whose unfortunately fed horrible lines and playing the prototype dumb blonde) as a chorion hot for an otherwise preoccupied jack oakie. carl brisson's acting is bland as melba toast but he's a competent singer. maclaglen reaches for new plateaus as a stereotypical dumb detective. and try to spot lucy in the chorus. this rates a 7.0 as a curiosity. feb 2010 re-think: i recently gave the film another look and now feel i was wrong to berate the lack of busby berkeley production numbers. i can understand leisen's argument for more realistic production numbers within the context of the plot. i still have enormous issues with the editing however. paramount, the raciest major studio in town, faced huge issues with the production code at the worst possible time in it's history, financially speaking, and pulled out all the stops on this one (also check out 1934's search for beauty). a must see for pre-code buffs.

since this is black history month and i'm reviewing the achievements of many african-americans on film in chronological order, i got this movie on vhs from the library because duke ellington and his orchestra were in it. their jazz version of franz liszt's "rhapsody" was the highlight of this mostly overlong murder mystery-musical comedy mixture. many other numbers i liked were kitty carlisle's especially "sweet marijuana", carl brisson's "cocktails for two" as well as his duet with carlisle on that earlier, and the ones by gertrude michael who's great as the woman you love to hate. jack oakie and victor mclaglen probably go a little too long with their love/hate banter as the producer and detective but they grow on you. and toby wing is a sexy dumb tease as nancy who keeps trying to say something to oakie but gets a "not now" from him every time. while many of the characters have a motive for the murders that happen, i wasn't surprised by the revelation of who done it. and get a load of how naked the women here are (though of course their breasts are covered, either by their hands or some flimsy top). this was very obviously pre-code. worth a look for any film buff interested in this sort of thing. p.s. as a long-time louisiana resident, i like noting when someone was born here as carlisle was a new orleans native.

i just viewed murder at the vanities in the newly-released universal pre-code set, and i was amazed at how much i enjoyed the vehicle end to end. most of the other commentators have covered the story, a murder mystery within a musical, but i wanted to add a few additional notes. brisson and carlisle are relatively bland, compared to even most of the minor players, and neither one really seems to have the proper voice for what they're singing (carlisle being a trained opera singer, brisson a bit wobbly on some of his high and low notes). the great victor mclaglen and jack oakie play well off each other, with an excellent sense of timing that keeps the ball rolling between musical numbers. yes, lucille ball and ann sheridan are vanities girls, but let's not forget the splendid jazz singer ernestine anderson in the "ebony rhapsody" number. gail patrick makes one of her early appearances, sounding a bit like eve arden; patrick would go on to become the executive producer of the perry mason tv series. then there's jessie ralph as the wardrobe mistress--you'll spot her also in david copperfield (as aunt peggoty) and the bank dick. the music is very good--brisson introducing the standard "cocktails for two" in two different scenes; "sweet marihuana" with barely clad peyote button girls in the background (blood dripping on one chorine's white skin was wonderfully chilling); the "ebony rhapsody," with duke ellington's orchestra and a bevy of beautiful dancers, both black and white, mixing it up. and i believe this is one of the only early musicals to feature such a mix--and the costumes leave nothing to the imagination.

released just before the production code crackdown in july, 1934, mitch leisen's all-star paramount musical is leeringly suggestive -some even claim misogynistic- and highly entertaining. two murders occur on the opening night of "earl carroll's vanities" (one on-stage!), but that doesn't stop the manager (jack oakie) from putting on a show as a lascivious police detective (victor mclaglen) investigates. everyone is hiding something and gypsy rose lee must have seen this backstage murder mystery before she penned "the g-string murders" as the denouement is similar (although more satisfying here). gertrude michael, as a vicious diva, stops the show (in more ways than one) with her exotic "sweet marijuana" number and duke ellington finishes with the truncated "rape of the rhapsody". the hit song, "cocktails for two", came from this film. a bizarre and bawdy camp classic highly recommended! here's louella o. parsons in the "los angeles examiner" on may 17, 1934earl carroll's hand-picked beauties' pirouette about on the grauman united artists screen in a fig leaf and not much else. but september morn herself never had a better figure than these charmers, who are made up to please the eye, especially the eye of the tired businessman. but don't for a moment think mr. carroll's girls, au naturelle, are the only attraction. believe it or not, murder at the vanities is a musical comedy thriller, if you know what i mean -a murder mystery incorporated in a musical show. it all happens on the opening night at the time the play is in progress and a search is on for a murderer. just by way of suspense, a cop threatens to stop the show every few minutes. victor mclaglen is something new in cops. all the time he is trying to track down the murderer, he keeps his eye fastened on the chorus beauties. the murder mystery is good with the exception of the denouement, which is pretty flat. probably faulty direction. dorothy stickney, who plays the maid, is about as melodramatic as the heroine in a ten, twenty, and thirty show. for no good reason, she rates a never-ending closeup in the big dramatic scene. the girl ensembles are good, and it's a positive relief to get away from the inevitable overhead shots. the costumes are beautiful; in fact, this is a musical that paramount can feel is really to their credit. as for carl brisson -well, he would be an addition to any show. good-looking with a delightful singing voice and an easy, assured manner, he is all his press agents claim for him. i also like kitty carlisle, who plays the leading lady in the show. gertrude michael, as the deep-eyed villianess, gives an interesting if rather fictional portrayal. jack oakie, as the stage manager, is the same old wisecracking jack, but we wouldn't change him. jessie ralph is excellent as the seamstress. others in the cast are charles middleton, gail patrick, donald meek, barbara fritchie, toby wing and lona andre. the screen play is by carey wilson and rufus king, and the direction by mitchell leisen. the music is by arthur johnstone and the lyrics by sam coslow. in addition to murder at the vanities, there is a mickey mouse cartoon, a paramount newsreel, and a two-reeler, the wrong direction.i disagree with lolly on the denouement, it's satisfying if over-the-top. why would she blame the director? was she displeased with the story's ending -or the way it was staged? and what's a "ten, twenty, or thirty show"? note the swipe taken at busby berkeley and his "overhead shots". as hard as it may be to believe today, the public was tiring of buzz' schtick by may, 1934. mitch leisen said, "if you are showing a stage show that's supposed to be in a theater, you should stay within the bounds of the proscenium arch, and not do a buzz berkeley routine with a stage set that's acres big." q: don't you think berkeley's spectacular effects justified taking this liberty? ml: apparently they did because they're reviving all of his pictures and none of mine, but personally i don't like it.

there are moments in the film that are so dreadful, your teeth ache. but knowing that there were only weeks left before the code made movies innocuous and bland, paramount rushed this into production before innuendo and leering went out of style. vanities is so horrifically anti-female that it's delicious. as kitty carlisle sings, women are displayed with price tags that would insult a bronx hooker. they emerge from clams (nudge,nudge;wink,wink) in postures of absolute submission. minions of the law, so stupid they cannot find the door, get to look up their skirts and snicker. bare-breasted chorus girls sit uncomfortably in giant cacti (could they be a source of hallucinogens, perhaps?) while we listen to "sweet marijuana" and watch as blood falls on a chorines's breast.sure, carl brisson learned his lines phonetically and doesn't seem to have a clue what he is saying. but it's all worth it as norma steals the show while no one is looking.taking one moment of this fragile fluff seriously is missing the point of the whole exercise. watch this with a charter member of now and prepare to justify the whole hollywood machismo sch tick between body blows.toby wing, by the way, is the icing on the cake. and duke ellington doesn't hurt either.a must stroll down memory lane.

a murder investigation goes on back stage while the vanities, on its opening night, plays on to an unknowing audience. odd combination of musical and murder mystery is worth a look for its cast, its production numbers, and the sheer novelty of the film.gertrude michael has the showy role of a bitchy actress intent on stopping the marriage between the show's stars, kitty carlisle and carl brisson, as well as starring in the infamous "sweet marijuana" number (which was also on a 70s bette midler album). so while the chorus girls shuffle around backstage, bumbling detective victor mclaglen ogles the girls while he tries to solve the backstage murder of an unknown woman.we quickly learn that the maid (dorothy stickney) loves brisson from afar, that the wardrobe lady (jessie ralph) is brisson's mother, and that the stage manager (jack oakie) butts into everything. lots of plots twists among the musical numbers. the show's best-known song is "cocktails for two." kitty carlisle also sings the haunting "where do they come from?" and there's a weird rhapsody that erupts into a harlem specialty number featuring duke ellington! quite the cast.some terrific acting here, especially gertrude michael and dorothy stickney. kitty carlisle is quite good as well. brisson is a total zero though.charles middleton plays homer, toby wing plays nancy, donald meek plays the doctor, and also see if you can spot ann sheridan and lucille ball among the show girls.

fleet was released in 1936 during the middle of the depression when people were having a tough time worldwide finding jobs or even finding food to put on the table. in europe hitler was on the rise, along with other nationalist/ socialist whackjobs. in the united states seeds of the cartel sown with the federal reserve act and the income tax amendment (16) were beginning to bear fruit for connected finance capitalists and their dominating secret societies. for the average guy and girl, times were tough. enter hollywood with at least some hopeful imagesi don't think we can properly call them propaganda at this point, even though this particular movie revolves around war-preparatory naval exercises. the real issue for boys and girls then, as now, was how to hook up with the right one, lead a decent life, have wonderful children, with a modicum of grace and elegance. the odds were long. ...for my complete review of this movie and for other movie and book reviews, please visit my site thecoffeecoaster.com.brian wright copyright 2007

i have a deep liking for this film despite it appearing deliberately less 'polished' than the other fred and ginger films, not to mention the slightly problematic casting of harriet hillard in the lead romantic role. once again with these films, the plot is of a minor consequence - astaire plays a rather unlikely sailor (who happens to be a brilliant former hoofer (of course!)) and rogers an aspiring performer in a seedy dime-a-dance music hall. although their relationship is bright and fun to watch, they are bogged down by an un-involving main story of hilliard and randolph scott not succeeding in finding any chemistry between them. although it was a last minute decision, hilliard was rather miscast in this as she doesn't have the screen presence to give this film what it needs despite being sweet and likable throughout. the film may have benefited in promoting lucille ball's wise-cracking worldy brassy character to a larger role as she simply shined in every small scene, and would have made a great helen broderick-type side-kick to rogers in this kind of bright film (see 'stage door', made the following year, for an example of wonderful scenes between these two fantastic actresses). that scott's one-dimensional neanderthal character eventually falls in love with hilliard's is even harder to believe than astaire being in the navy! now onto the important part, the singing and dancing: nothing more can be said about "let's face the music and dance" other than it is brilliant and moving and perfectly executed and i often finish watching that scene with tears in my eyes. however other songs in the film deserve some recognition as well; "i'm putting all my eggs in one basket" is a lovely example of the comedic instincts of astaire and rogers, and almost pokes fun at their reputation of bursting into spontaneous, perfectly synchronized dancing. other highlights are "i'd rather lead the band" and "let yourself go" which show how these two talents could perform as brilliantly alone as together. i nearly forgot to mention that this is one of the few (if not the only) time we see astaire brilliantly play on the piano; it seems this man's talents were endless!overall, i actually prefer this to 'top hat' and 'swing time' (although only just), as it is more earthy and performed so enthusiastically by all involved, it is hard to dislike the fun factor.

of course, the story line for this movie isn't the best, but the dances are wonderful. this story line is different from other astaire-rogers movies in that neither one is "chasing" the other. the dancing of fred and ginger is what makes this movie.

plot is never the strong point of a fred astaire and ginger rogers movie, but "follow the fleet"'s screenplay is exceptionally mediocre. fred and ginger still come off all right--they play "bake" baker and sherry martin, dancers whose personal and professional partnership ended when bake joined the navy. when they meet again, their love-hate relationship generates some entertaining comic moments. but for much of the movie, they take a backseat to a tedious subplot about sherry's sister connie (harriet hilliard), her love for sailor bilge smith (randolph scott), bilge's dalliance with another woman, and an old schooner that connie inherited from her father. though hilliard is rather charming, this plot is uninteresting.but at the same time, "follow the fleet" is blessed with an exceptional irving berlin score that gives the stars plenty of chances to show off their talents. astaire gets two good solos with "we saw the sea" and "i'd rather lead a band." he sings expressively and, of course, dances electrifyingly--and the sailor suit makes him look a little more boyish and athletic than usual. rogers sings the catchy "let yourself go" and later does a solo tap-dance to the same tune. the three duets really save the film, even though they're all shoehorned into the plot with silly excuses. fred and ginger win a dance contest by doing an energetic routine to another reprise of "let yourself go". later, they sing and dance "i'm putting all my eggs in one basket" as if it were an early rehearsal of the number, flubbing the choreography to comic effect. at the end, the movie finally figures out how to get fred and ginger in evening clothes for a romantic duet--it makes it part of a show-within-the-show. the situation is contrived, but the song, "let's face the music and dance", is one of the most sinuously beautiful things berlin ever wrote (it's reminiscent of cole porter), and the dancing matches it in elegance. quintessential astaire and rogers.it would be a chore to sit through most of the dialogue sections of "follow the fleet" again, and, in fact, it's not necessary, because the plot rarely propels the musical numbers. but i could watch the songs over and over.

while i am not a big fan of musicals, i have loved the films of fred astaire and ginger rogers because they are just so much fun. sure, they can be a bit formulaic, but even though you know what is going to happen, they still are very pleasing to watch. however, despite this, i was a bit disappointed in this outing. part of it was because this film doesn't have the wonderful supporting cast like you saw in top hat or shall we dance. without edward everett horton or eric blore, the film seems to be a bit lacking--especially in the "fun" department. the silly antics of these supporting actors gave the other films charm that you just don't get with follow the fleet. in addition, unlike the usual character played by astaire, this one is more of a jerk--as his fat head gets rogers into trouble again and again. and, as a result, it's a lot harder to like him or want to see them get together in the end of the film. plus, although the music is by irving berlin, the songs just don't seem as memorable. in fact, none of the songs were all that special and i can't recall any of them even though i just saw the movie. while this is still a cute and worthwhile film, it just lacks the sparkle and magic of some of their other films. good but far from great.

if hollywood is to be believed, being in the the navy is nothing but a bludge. though the sailors may complain in chorus about the monotony of the ocean, it seems that their oceanic duties are completely non-existent, and somehow fred astaire finds enough free time during the day to offer dancing classes to a fleet of would-be romantics. such is the world of astaire and rogers. mark sandrich's previous film, 'top hat (1935),' completely ignored the great depression that was then bringing america to its knees, and presented audiences with a glittering world of the rich and famous; it was the film's optimistic outlook on life that perhaps contributed to its success. likewise, here sandrich deliberately forgets that the life of a naval officer is difficult and draining, and instead substitutes the duties of a sailor with an assortment of catchy lightweight musical numbers."bake" baker (astaire) and sherry martin (rogers) are two former dance partners whose romantic relationship fell apart after the latter rejected a marriage proposal. after bake returns from several years of duty in the navy, he finds sherry as dance hostess in an unsophisticated san francisco ballroom. while the two former lovers alternately attempt to woo and rebuff each other, sherry's plain, music-teacher sister (harriet hilliard, looking really quite pretty) receives a complete makeover and tries to charm superficial sailor bilge "bilgey" smith (randolph scott). there are plenty of the usual screwball comedy shenanigans, a few moments of mistaken identity, and even a hilarious trained monkey that steals every scene it's in. particularly amusing is the scene in which bake sabotages a performer's audition in order to create a window for his estranged girl; unluckily for both of them, it is an unfortunate sherry who drinks the bicarbonate of soda and loses her ability to sing.'follow the fleet (1936)' was the fifth winning collaboration between fred astaire and ginger rogers, and the third (of five) in which sandrich directed the pair. irving berlin provided the film's music and lyrics, and each musical number is enjoyably lighthearted and entertaining, even if they aren't quite as memorable as those in 'top hat (1935),' 'swing time (1936)' or 'shall we dance (1937).' astaire attempts to break free from his typical rich-man-about-town persona, without much success, but it's hard to imagine the performer without the boyish carefree charm that could only accompany being considerably wealthy. the side-plot of the romance between connie and bilge works well with the antics of the two main stars, and harriet hilliard (wearing a brunette wig to avoid clashing with ginger's blonde hair) has a couple of emotional solo numbers, including "get thee behind me satan," which was originally written for 'top hat.'

follow the fleet, an rko production in 1936, stars fred astaire and ginger rogers in a complex romantic comedy. although fred astaire and ginger rogers have had many similar romantic movies together, rko helped them to once again create a worth-while storyline that incorporates relevant situations to society at the time it was made. the narrative of follow the fleet relies heavily on the use of layered story lines between the two sets of main characters to create a satisfying romantic comedy.the general plot of the movie revolves around bake baker, a sailor in the u.s. navy played by fred astaire, and sherry martin, bake's former love and dance partner who is now a singer and dancer played by ginger rogers. their story begins when bake is on the ship and his shipmate bilge smith finds a photo of the two of them together, and bake reveals that the last time he saw her he had asked her to marry him, so bilge suggests that they try and meet up with her when they are on land, in hopes that she might have a friend. the next major scene begins the second plot of the movie when connie martin, sherry's sister, is refused entry into paradise where her sister works unless she is escorted by a gentleman. she turns around to find bilge behind her with a bag full of beverages, so she plays it off like she was waiting on him and buys his entrance into paradise as well. connie then finds sherry and tells her that she is depressed because she cannot have the luck sherry does with men, so sherry suggests she get a makeover from her friends while she is performing on stage. connie gets made over, and enters the ballroom once again, and approaches bilge again, who is awestruck by the sight of her. this commences the second romantic storyline between bilge and connie.throughout the remainder of the movie the story and rising actions are transitioned between altering comedic reliefs of the two couples' troubles that create several mini rising and falling actions within the overall plot. bake and sherry hit it off their first moments together as they compete in a dance competition and end up winning it, reminding them of the success and pleasure the two have when they are together. similarly, bilge is able to swoon connie through his romantic attempts of pleasing her, and they retire to her house. this series of happy events is soon followed by unsettling measures that brings the rising action back down. bake left sherry the previous night to retire to the ship before midnight, and told her that he would come for her in the morning. unfortunately the ship sets course after the shipmates have returned, upsetting sherry and leaving her to think bake was still being a typical sailor looking for a good time when he's on land. the mood is again changed as another subplot is entered into the film when a "party of big shots" is taking a tour of the ship. this alternate storyline is used to create a buffer between the stories of the two main relationships of the film, as well as help build confidence and fondness of bake's overall good intentions. the party is interrupted by the oblivious music playing coming from bake and his companions when they missed the sounding to report on deck for the company. the ladies are intrigued and ask to hear them play, and bake gladly begins to entertain them with some dancing, which ultimately helps brighten the mood of the film, as well as bring happiness to the sailors. after returning to the couple's intertwined stories, sherry is trying to prove to bake that she does not need his help with landing a job. unfortunately bake is unaware that she is auditioning, and goes to put in a good word for sherry when he overhears his friend at the studio talking about the remarkable lady auditioning. bake takes it upon himself to help sherry out by tampering with her water, making her unable to sing correctly and destroying her audition. in addition to bake's mistake, connie spent all of her money to repair a ship that she was hoping bilge would take over as captain. she had also planned a remarkable dinner date for him when he was supposed to come over, but bilge was aware of her intentions and hopes of soon marrying and was no longer interested, so he stood her up. the remainder of the movie continues in the same format of mini rising and falling actions until the climactic point is reached between the two couples, ending the movie with the happiness of both couples. the use of the altering stories helps to build interest and emotion within each couple as they deal with both happiness and pain through each of their struggles. the intertwining stories are also able to relate with one another, as well as incorporate other unrelated subplots to help carry the narrative through to the concluding scenes. although fred astaire and ginger rogers have countless films together that incorporate romance, comedy, song, and dance, follow the fleet is a unique film for the two actors that successfully use the technique of subplots to aid the narrative between the two main characters.

79/100. fred astaire and ginger rogers never made anything but great films together. although this is not one of their best, it is an excellent musical. there are a few outstanding musical numbers, good support from randolph scott. two notable appearances, betty grable and lucille ball make memorable early screen performances. ball is particularly good, and a blonde as well. the "let's face the music and dance" is one of the musical duo's best numbers ever. harriet hilliard, better know as harriet nelson of "ozzie and harriet" plays ginger roger's sister. the basic plot is pretty familiar, but with a cast this exceptional, it works. excellent art direction and score.

what an entertaining movie. astaire and randolph scott are in the navy. astaire has to woo back ginger in san francisco, while scott must be persuaded that harriet hilliard is worthy of being his wife. everything works out fine.it's sometimes argued, and i can see why, that scott's romance with hilliard is unnecessary and slows the plot down. especially painful are hilliard's singing of sappy love songs. i could have done without her singing, right enough, but i found the romance rather touching. hilliard enters the movie as a music teacher, wearing a pair of spectacles, no makeup, and the ugliest clothes known to man or beast. no wonder scott avoids her until she grooms herself sexily under the tutelage of her sister ginger and a slinky lucille ball. the problem is that after her makeover she looks like the same irretrievably plain woman as before, only with a glossier outfit. it's tough enough for a homely guy. but at least a man can become wealthy and powerful and popular, then he can collect women anyway, even if he looks like jojo the dog-faced boy. but what does a plain-looking woman do? the same avenues to romance aren't open to her. henry kissinger had groupies. did margaret thatcher? it must be terrible to be an ordinary woman in a culture as cruel as ours. as a kind of a footnote, i must mention that randolph scott was rumored to be bisexual by hollywood gossips who needed some nonsense to chew on, and it's kind of amusing that he has the following line in this film when he's putting homely hilliard off -- "women don't interest me, sister." the movie probably gives more quality time to ginger rogers than any of her other films with astaire. and she's marvelous. she's beautiful, sexy, a talented actress and dancer, and the script gives her good comic lines too. "let's kiss and make up," suggests astaire. "let's just make up," she says, "that will give you something to work on." it's also the only film she made with astaire that gives her a solo number during an audition. (choreographed by hermes pan.) her performance is accidentally sabotaged by astaire who slips some alka seltzer or something into her water, and she hiccups through her number, burping being too indelicate for the time.as a dancer, i'd make a terrific circus elephant so my opinion must be taken as that of an amateur, but i think their dances together are the equal of any they put on film. their first, during a dancing contest, "let yourself go," is the most wildly exuberant of any i can remember. and the only dramatic duet, "let's face the music and dance," must be among their finest. the last step as they exit is startling.i like the film for reasons with personal resonance. i remember seeing it for the first time in a theater in downtown san diego, next to a shop called "the seven seas" that catered to sailors. i was in uniform at the time and was impressed with the treatment of the naval careers of astaire and scott. what i mean is, here we have this frothy musical comedy which owed absolutely nothing to historical reality, and yet, unlike most of their other teamings, pays its dues anyway. jumping ship, astaire calls out for a "water taxi." i had just taken a water taxi ashore myself. the uniforms are correct to the period (unlike, say, those in "on the town"). and they're worn properly, hats down to two finger-widths above the eyebrow and not cocked back. and there are two incidents in which astaire runs into a problem with naval authorities and they're both handled with perfect seriousness and are thoroughly believable. an officer stops astaire from leading a jazz band during inspection and reports to the captain, "they were playing when the call was sounded, sir. i'm certain no breach of discipline was intended." it's what an officer -- a good officer -- would say, and nobody laughs.the series was getting a little repetitious by the time "follow the fleet" was made so instead of putting fred into high society and a tuxedo, they turned him into a gum-chewing swabbie instead. it was a good idea. and the dance numbers are up to the concept.

throughly enjoy all the musical numbers each time i see this movie. never seem to tire of it. fred and ginger are always a pleasure to watch. seeing "lucy" and betty grable before they hit the big time, is fun to watch.

had this film been put together a tad better, it would be up there with the best of astaire and rogers. as it is, it's a fine movie but overly long with a tedious subplot, i.e., randolph scott romancing rogers' sister, played by harriet hilliard (that's ozzie nelson's wife to you baby boomers).astaire and scott are two navy men. scott meets hilliard the first time when she looks like a stereotypical librarian, and later on after ginger rogers has asked her friend (a blond but unmistakable lucille ball) to glamor her up. meanwhile, astaire tries to pick up where he and his old dancing partner left off. the result is some wonderful dance numbers, with astaire and rogers as a team as well as separately: "i'm putting all my eggs in one basket," "let yourself go," and "i'd rather lead the band." hilliard is sweet but a little lethargic as a plain jane turned glamor girl, although she sings her two songs well, "but where are you?" and "get thee behind me, satan" - one poster didn't care for that song, but i love the title. rogers is vivacious, and a youthful astaire is a dynamo.the highlight of the movie comes at the end with "let's face the music and dance," one of the most achingly beautiful songs ever written and certainly one of the most brilliantly executed by rogers and astaire. in it, they epitomize '30s glamor and fantasy. it is truly to be treasured and watched again and again.

this really is a great movie. some of the songs have become immortal classics and the dancing by fred and ginger is among their best ever. but basically, all of fred and ginger's movies are the same. after the singing and dancing is over, it's the other characters in the movie who make the movie work. what really bothers me is why all the negative comments about randolph scott? his romance with harriet hilliard and the sub plot of the movie is the reason why i watch this over and over again. he adds to this movie, he doesn't detract from it. he has a winning personality and a great smile. randy is in my top ten all time favorites list. it's great to see him as something other than a cowboy. ok, so he isn't really a great actor, but like so many other stars: errol flynn, alan ladd, victor mature, etc. he was very likable and could rise to the top on certain occasions. all of fred and ginger's movies had sub plots that depended on other actors to fill in the space between the musical numbers, otherwise the movie would have to be shortened by about a half hour. i just wish more people would appreciate randy and i felt a need to stand up for him.

from a modern sensibility, it's sometimes hard to watch older films. it's annoying to have to watch the stereotypical wallflower librarian have to take off her glasses and become pretty and stupid to win a man. especially such a shallow and inconstant man. he's obviously a player (i wouldn't trust him to stay true to her) who doesn't want to settle down, who only looks at dumb attractive women and always calls them "baby" (ick!). even after she totally changes her appearance and her life for him, he only goes to her after he's (supposedly) rejected by another woman and learns that connie spent all her money renovating a boat for him. i wanted her to stand up to him, not pathetically chase after him! his sudden conversion within a few minutes was totally unrealistic and did not work for me.apart from that subplot, i did like the movie. how can you not like sailors dancing with each other?! (you can tell they were from san francisco.... ;d) the "rehearsal" dance was great, watching ginger rogers purposefully fall in and out of the "correct steps" was great. the last dance scene "face the music" with the beautiful costumes and the art deco set was beautiful. and i really enjoyed "we saw the sea" (though they did use it a few too many times, as if they realized it was their best song). anyway, the plot was a bit weak, like most musicals (imo) - and the songs were ok, but the dancing was worth watching the film for. i wish they could have showed some shots of san francisco since that was were the film was supposedly set.it's also weird to see such a lighthearted naval film with the knowledge of what hitler was already doing at that time. i have to try to suspend all knowledge to submerge myself into a made up fantasy land.

fred astaire and ginger rogers, hollywood's premiere dance team, were usually dressed to the nines and gliding through elaborately exaggerated art deco sets in the 1930's. however, they go a bit more downscale for this 1936 outing, the fifth of their ten musicals together. this time, astaire foregoes his top hat, white tie and tails to become a bubblegum-chewing sailor named "bake" baker; and rogers plays dance hall entertainer sherry martin, who was bake's partner - dancing and otherwise - before he enlisted. consequently, unlike the mistaken identity ploys and romantic hesitancies prevalent in most of their previous pairings, they are already a couple from the film's outset.directed by mark sandrich (who guided five of their pairings), the film bears a narrative similarity to 1935's "roberta" in which they are but one of two couples featured in the storyline. in fact, randolph scott plays the other male lead in both films, this time as bake's womanizing crewmate, "bilge" smith. he is partnered with not irene dunne (who understandably turned down this follow-up) but harriet hilliard. just married to ozzie nelson in real life and decades before ozzie & harriet, hilliard plays sherry's spinsterish sister connie who falls hard for bilge. in the silly plot, she is given a makeover by a young, bleached blonde lucille ball, and there is s classic three-way shot of hilliard, ball and a kewpie-doll adorable betty grable in front of a mirror.speaking of the story, what there is of one is credited to allan scott and dwight taylor and goes something like this...bake and bilge are on shore leave in san francisco where they end up in a dance hall with their rowdy shipmates. bake finds sherry working there, while bilge runs into connie first when she comes in as a dowdy spinster and then showing up as a glamour girl. romance blooms for both couples. connie and sherry inherit a steamer from their father, but they need money to keep it afloat. multiple misunderstandings occur in both relationships, but it all works out when they turn the steamer into a theater and put on a fundraising musical revue. it's about as silly as it sounds, but it does provide a good excuse for some memorable irving berlin tunes and a trio of astaire-rogers dances.the first two are casual in tone - a dance contest set to the percolating "let yourself go" where they show off mercilessly to win and a physical shipboard comedy routine set to the toe-tapping "i'm putting all my eggs in one basket". however, their last dance is a classic return to formality with a melodramatic piece beautifully set to a stunning arrangement of "let's face the music and dance". intriguingly, this movie contains not only an astaire dance solo but the only time rogers ever had a dance solo to herself in one of their movies, an energetic tap routine again set to "let yourself go". dressed in a creamy satin sailor outfit, she also sings the same song most winningly near the beginning of the film.acting-wise, astaire and rogers are in typically zesty comic form here. while scott plays his role with his trademark cock-eyed virility, hilliard is an extremely dull presence, and as a former band singer, she performs two berlin love songs in a frustratingly diffident manner. regardless, the magic generated by astaire and rogers in their prime make this essential viewing. the 2005 dvd has several good extras beginning with a thirteen-minute featurette, "follow the fleet: the origins of those dancing feet," about how astaire and rogers started to work together. there is also a live-action "soundie" called "melody master: jimmie lunceford and his dance orchestra", a poultry-themed cartoon called "let it be me," and the original theatrical trailer.

this was the second of three films that irving berlin wrote for the astaire-rogers franchise and it has by far the largest score and is somewhat unusual in that two of the numbers are performed by harriet hilliard leaving the rest to be divvied and/or shared between the principals. as usual the storyline needn't detain us though for the record it was based on a play, shore leave, that also served as the basis for a broadway musical, hit the deck. anyone who actually saw shore leave in the theatre may have been momentarily bemused inasmuch as the roles played by fred and ginger were created for the movie but what matters, as always, is the music, lyrics and hoofing and this is all out of the right bottle. it's a departure from the other titles in the franchise in that 1) we get to see astaire play the piano - in real life he was an accomplished pianist and composed several songs, one of which, i'm building up to an awful let-down, had a lyric by johnny mercer and spent a couple of weeks in the charts - and it is the only one of the series in which he played a serviceman, albeit an ex-hoofer who enlisted in the navy after being dumped by dancing partner ginger before the story starts. he gets to perform a little-known but excellent berlin number, i'd rather lead a band as well as duetting on i'm putting all my eggs in one basket but the ultimate number is the prophetic - in 1936 rumbles of world war ii were already being felt - let's face the music and dance, one of the most potent ballads ever performed by the team. so what if randolph scott is a little wooden and fish-out-of-water without either a horse or a six-gun within easy reach and harriet hilliard doesn't exactly set the screen on fire; we came to see fred and ginger and the only question is, do they deliver. answer: in spades.

astaire and rogers at the height of their popularity. in 1936 americans thought of the navy as a place for song and dance. wwii was still a few years away. fred and ginger dance up the town.the plot is decent, but who cares... by the way, notice the cameo roles for betty grable and a glamorous lucile ball.a load of irving berlin songs, including the famous "let's face the music and dance". in that scene, ginger's heavy swooping dress smacks fred in the face during one of her spins and almost knocks him unconscious. fred insisted on keeping the take as the dancing was superb nonetheless.ginger once commented that she was a better dancer than fred, since she had to do all the same moves, in step, and backwards...come to think of it, fred's voice was nice too. the man was effortless in motion.here's a movie to cozy up on the couch with a loved-one, kick off the shoes, and enjoy the entertainment.

definitely one of the lesser of the astaire/rogers musicals. it's just very poorly plotted and paced. it only runs a few minutes longer than swing time, for example, but it feels a heck of a lot longer. this is partly due to the secondary romance between randolph scott and harriet hilliard. scott is rarely ever interesting. i like hilliard. she's sweet, and i love at least one of her songs, "but where are you?" ("get thee behind me satan", her other number, is a weak leftover from top hat, thankfully cut from that masterpiece). follow the fleet would actually be a bad film if not for at least three brilliant dance sequences between astaire and rogers. the dancing contest vies for the top spot of any of their numbers. the dance is just fantastic. "i'm putting all my eggs in one basket" presents the two rehearsing a dance that they don't quite have perfected yet. its imperfections make it all the more perfect. and "let's face the music and dance" is easily one of irving berlin's best songs. so the film is well worth watching for its great moments.

another fun, witty, frothy rko musical with astaire and rogers, follow the fleet is a charming film. while it lacks the stand-out great tunes of swng time (although the final number "face the music and dance" is one of the team's best and rightfully so), it is hugely enjoyable, as these two could virtually do no wrong together in the 1930's. once again, the plot is lightweight and forgettable, but watching fred and ginger dance together is sheer heaven. these two conveyed more romance and magic in dance than many couples in films do in a huge love scene. while there are better fred and ginger musicals, this is certainly a must-see.

one of several musicals about sailors on leave, it is the usual sailor meets girl, complications ensue, sorted out happily kind of plot. it proceeds along smoothly enough but it does drag in places too. the dialogue is not as zippy as 'top hat' for example and randolph scott seems out of place.there are compensations. it has some of irving berlin's choicest songs including 'let yourself go', 'i'm putting all my eggs in one basket' and 'let's face the music and dance'. it has fred and ginger who when they are dancing take any film into heavenly heights and they don't disappoint here. they do a snappy tap dance, a knockabout comic dance and a swirling graceful dance, all in the same film! great versatility and artistry.it also has harriet hilliard who is rather good in her role. she had a varied career, becoming the more famous harriet nelson with ozzie. here she is touching without being sentimental.her two songs are simply and effectively delivered. she makes a good contrast with ginger but you can believe they are sisters in the film. more tightening up have made the film even better. pretty good though.

1936 was the most prolific year for astaire and rogers. their second film for rko that year is the third film in this collection  mark sandrich's 'follow the fleet.' this time out astaire is painfully uncomfortable as bake baker, a seaman on leave who just happens to stumble into the seedy waterfront café where sherry martin (rogers) is warbling romantic sweet nothings in everyone's ear. yep, you guessed it  they're hot for each other once again. only this time sherry's spinster sister, connie (harriet hillard) threatens the whole fine romance by falling for bake's robust seafaring buddy, bilge smith (randolph scott); a sort of use 'em up and toss 'em out kind of guy, thus forcing sherry to reconsider her opinion of all sailors in general. irving berlin lends immeasurable class to the proceedings with his classic, classy score, including standards 'let yourself go', 'i'm putting all my eggs in one basket' and 'let's face the music and dance;' the latter a divinely inspired skit about suicide that turns into another immediately recognizable and thoroughly sublime pas deux for fred and ginger. the transfer on 'follow the fleet' is a tad weaker. the gray scale remains nicely balanced but now it's a tad thick looking with not nearly as much tonal variation as the previous titles. grain is still present. so are age related artifacts. once you've settled into to the slightly dense and sometimes more softly focused image quality, the overall impression is more than acceptable for a film of this vintage. the audio is mono but very nicely balanced. extras include a featurette, theatrical trailer and short subject, but oddly  no audio commentary. considering the importance of this film in the overall canon of astaire/rogers this is an uncharacteristic oversight from warner home video.

this is just a great, fun, lovely film. it captures the true essence of the decade and of the people, and tells a beautiful love story of two sisters with two sailors. though this film may only be in black and white, it definitely doesn't count against it now in modern days. the main basic purpose of the movie is timeless. this movie features great acting, beautiful song and dance numbers, and great design work and film shots. follow the fleet is also comical, there are funny moments, moments that will make you laugh, but other moments where the acting just gets you so involved into the storyline. its amazing how though this movie may be set in a certain decade, how it can affect those today. if you want to see something great, check this out.

one of the best of the fred astaire and giner rogers films. great music by irving berlin. solid support from randolph scott, harriet nelson, lucille ball, betty grable, frank jenks, and astrid allwyn.terrific songs include "let yourself go," "let's face the music," and "putting all my eggs in one basket." the last song is introduced by astaire playing a jazzy piano and then a cute dance with rogers. rogers also sings "let yourself go" with grable among the backup singers.harriet nelson (then hilliard) sings two nice songs and plays rogers' mousy sister. "get thee behind me" is a song that sticks with you for days. she also sings "but where are you?" snappy and fast paced, this entry in the astaire-rogers series is one of the better ones. the classic and amazing beautiful finale, "let's face the music and dance" is among the best-known of their numbers. rogers wears one of the great dresses in movie history.... a shimmering sequined number that swirls around her legs as she dances (weighted hem) and is also slightly see through. just gorgeous. this is the number that steve martin and bernadette peters re-created in pennies from heaven.randolph scott seems an odd choice as astaire's pal but he also appeared in their roberta with irene dunne. luckily he does not attempt to sing or dance. it seems that grable and ball would have had bigger parts in 1936 but they have a few scenes and make little impact. allwyn has the bigger role but is only ok.rogers has one of her best solo numbers in the series with "let yourself go".... jazzy and thumping, it's a great song.fun all the way, although i got tired of "we joined the navy" after the third time....

musically speaking irving berlin gave fred astaire and ginger rogers another pluperfect musical after top hat if that was possible. although in this case like that jerome kern confection roberta that they were in, follow the fleet retained randolph scott with another singer, this time harriet hilliard.randolph scott is a career navy cpo and fred astaire is an ex-vaudevillian who enlisted in the navy to forget ginger rogers his former partner. but now the two are on shore leave. fred and ginger take up right where they left off, and randy accidentally meets ginger's dowdy sister harriet who blossoms into a real beauty. but randy's a typical love 'em and leave 'em sailor. again irving berlin wrote a hit filled score with him tightly supervising the production. ginger gets to do some really outstanding vocalizing with let yourself go which she and fred later dance to. but the real hit of the show is let's face the music and dance which is a number done at a navy show. sung first by astaire and later danced to by the pair, let's face the music and dance is one of the great romantic numbers ever written for the screen. their dancing on this one is absolute magic.i'm sure that when i mention harriet hilliard a few younger people might ask who that was. but they will know immediately when i mention her in conjunction with her famous husband ozzie nelson. that's right ozzie and harriet. it's something of a mystery to me why harriet stopped singing when she just became david and ricky's mom on television. then again she didn't even keep her own name. neither ozzie or harriet sang on television. ozzie was a pale imitation of rudy vallee as a singer, but harriet could really carry a tune. she sings get thee behind me satan and the moon and i are here, but where are you, both with real feeling and class. i recommend you see follow the fleet if for no other reason than to hear a dimension of harriet hilliard incredibly forgotten today.

this is my all-time favorite fred astaire and ginger rogers film. the dialogue between the two is so cute and funny and very clever. not to mention this film contains some of the best songs recorded by the two; like i'm putting all my eggs in one basket and let's face the music and dance. if i remember correctly, this was the film that introduced me to fred astaire so i suppose because of that it will always hold a special place in my heart (sorry for the sentimental cr*p but i'm woman so get over it)all in all this film gets an 8/10 from me. the choreography was superb and also the fact that lucille ball is in it makes it even more awesome.

this is one of the best fred astaire-ginger rogers films, or at least one of my favorites. most of the a-r movies feature great dancing but sappy romance stories. this still has the courtship corniness but not as pronounced as the other films.this movie features not just great dancing but likable characters and a bunch of good songs. the music is the central theme here and what's nice is the addition of a tap solo by rogers. she not only was a super dancer but a very pretty woman and one with tremendous figure. she dances also with fred, of course, and they're always a fun pair to watch on the dance floor.growing up in the 1950s watching "ozzie & harriet" on television, it was a real kick the first time i saw this to see such a young harriet hilliard. no surprise than ozzie fell for this beauty. although she had that short early '30s hairstyle, i recognized her voice right away. also in this movie are quick appearances by betty grable and lucille ball, but i have to admit that i have yet to out ball. i can't find her, but i know she's in here.astaire, except for some obnoxious gum-chewing in the first third of the film, was fun to watch and randolph scott - although better in westerns - is likable, too.this is simply a nice, feel-good film and good one if you want to to enjoy the great talents of astaire and rogers.

the plot intellect is about as light as feather down. but the advantage here is the boy and girl classic refusal we have become accustomed to in "the gay divorcee" and "top hat" is now absent. instead of the typical accidental acquaintance, the dancing duo are the former lovers bake baker and sherry martin, who are still in love since their dancing days.of course, being a 30s musical, there's the problems of misunderstood romance, classy courtship and the slight irritation of a sabotaged audition with bicarbonate soda has costing ginger something rather special. and then in the grand tradition of dwindling finances, there's nothing better for hollywood's best entertainers than put on a show.delightful numbers from irving berlin are sprinkled throughout the show. top hats and evening dresses are saved right until the end, which remains a refreshing change. fred and ginger are out again to charm the world...and charm the navy. everyone and everything is once again just so enjoyable.pure classic silliness at its best. but with astaire and rogers, we just know it's got to work.rating: 8.25/10

this movie is an awesome non-stop laugh riot incorporating all the usual ingredients of a dawid dhawan comedy - bumbling heroes , buffoonish supporting characters , made-up dolls for heroines , nasty villains , wisecracks , rocking soundtrack + choreography and a little dose of action . amitabh bachchan and govinda both are in double roles of policemen and conmen . the heroine of amitabh the cop is ramya krishnan and raveena is opposite govinda the cop . heroines are mere rouge-smothered props as usual . the conmen have no heroines . paresh rawal carries his villainous act in daud forward (he played a similar don in khoobsurat too) . asrani shines in a brief role . he does a retake on his famous "angrezon ke zamaane ke jailer" act in sholay .govinda is impeccable as usual - as a wisecracking , good-humoured policeman pyaare mohan and as a conman chhote miyaan . he imitates bihari style of hindi speaking with hilarious results . amitabh bachchan , believe it or not , pales in comparison with him . but still ab is fine . madhuri dixit does a cameo as herself in the song "makhna" . she dances like wind . viju shah's music is awesome . check out "kisi disco mein jaayen" , "makhna" and the title track .do not go looking for any logic since it is a comedy and the screenplay is of convenience completely . just enjoy yourself .

as a kid i remember being nine or ten and loving this movie. it was the all round bollywood action/comedy movie. it is a imitation of bad boys obviously! the whole swapping identities but the arrival of two other twins throws everything out of the window and then the arrival of colourful villains who dance and sing! the action scenes in the film aren't revolutionary but still amazing scenes. the film is genuinely very funny and was the great comeback amitabh bachan needed. govinda is a gem like always and this is probably his best work to date, he shines as the side kick nd delivers the best comedy scenes available in indian cinema.the songs....the songs are both funny and catchy..............proving laughs when you least expect it...amitabh bachan surprisingly is very funny and will make you laugh as 'bade miah'....his accent...body language..... brilliant...'assi chutki naab re daal' is the best song..............hilarious.

this movie is very funny. amitabh bachan and govinda are absolutely hilarious. acting is good. comedy is great. they are up to their usual thing. it would be good to see a sequel to this :)watch it. good time-pass movie

one of the best "amitabh comeback" movies i liked. this was the phase when govinda was going strong with dhawan. the songs were awesome and totally as we call it "masti" type. an evergreen entertainer with the likes of the multifaceted anupam kher chipping in. the story line has a lot of hilarious twists and turns as is known for david dhawan's potboilers. with a timely appearance by mrs.madhuri "nene" dixit, it was a total riot towards the end. it was great to see amit perform with such force and humor after a long exile. although some may consider it a typical "bollywood masala" movie, i would watch it any day. i am giving it an easy 8 out of 10 just for being pure bollywood.

if you r in mood for fun...and want to just relax and enjoy...bade miyan chote miyan is one of the movies to watch. amitabh started off pretty good...but it is govinda who steals the show from his hands... awesome timing for and good dialog delivery.....its inspired from bad boys... but it has indian masala to it... people think it might be confusing and stupid...but the fact that david dhavan is directing and govinda is acting... should not raise any questions....other recommended movies in the same genre(david dhavan/govinda combo)...are shola aur shabnam, aankhen, raja babu, saajan chale sasural, deewana mastana, collie no. 1, jodi no. 1, hero no.1, haseena manjayegi, ek aur ek gyarah.

okay, so there is a front view of a checker taxi, probably late 1930s model. it has the great triangular shaped headlights. there also is a desoto cab in this black and white, character driven, almost a musical love gone wrong story.the real pleasure here is the look at 1940s room interiors and fashions and hotel elevators. the hair styles, male and female are gorgeous. if dolly parton had victor mature's hair she could have made it big. there is an artist loft that would be the envy of every andy warhol wannabe.if you watch this expecting a great casablanca storyline or sound of music oom-pah-pah, you will be disappointed. there is a nice little story beneath the runway model approach in this film.my copy on dvd with another movie for $1 was very viewable. the title sequence was cute but not up there with mad, mad, mad, mad world or the pink panther. this was an rko movie but it did not have the nice airplane logo that rko used to use.i liked victor mature in one million, b.c., and sampson and delilah and especially in violent saturday. see if you can find that one. he was wonderful in the comedy with peter sellers called caccia alla volpe or after the fox.richard carlson went on to do i led three lives on tv in the early 1950s.vic mature was offered the part of sampson's father in the remake of sampson and delilah. he supposedly was asked if he would have any problems playing the part of the father since he was so well known as sampson. victor replied, "if the money is right, i'll play sampson's mother." tom willett

i found this to be a charming adaptation, very lively and full of fun. with the exception of a couple of major errors, the cast is wonderful. i have to echo some of the earlier comments -- chynna phillips is horribly miscast as a teenager. at 27, she's just too old (and, yes, it does show), and lacks the singing "chops" for broadway-style music. vanessa williams is a decent-enough singer and, for a non-dancer, she's adequate. however, she is not latina, and her character definitely is. she's also very strident throughout, which gets tiresome.the girls of sweet apple's conrad birdie fan club really sparkle -- with special kudos to brigitta dau and chiara zanni. i also enjoyed tyne daly's performance, though i'm not generally a fan of her work. finally, the dancing shriners are a riot, especially the dorky three in the bar.the movie is suitable for the whole family, and i highly recommend it.

when i was 17 my high school staged bye bye birdie - which is no great surprise, since it is perfect high school material and reputed to be the most-staged musical in the world.i was a music student and retained strong memories of the production and its songs, as well as a lingering disregard for the dick van dyke movie version which had (deliberately) obscured the elvis references and camped it up for a swinging 60s audience.so, when the 1995 version starring jason alexander hit my cable tv screen, i was delighted with what i saw. alexander turns in an exceptional performance as albert, a performance in strong contrast to his better-known persona from a certain tv series. the remainder of the cast are entertaining and convincing in their roles (chynna phillips is perhaps the only one who does not look her part, supposedly a naive and innocent schoolgirl).but best of all, the musical numbers familiar from the stage show are all preserved in this movie and performed as stage musical songs should be (allowing for the absence of a stage).so, if you know the musical (and few do not), then check out this telemovie. it does the stage show justice in a way which can probably not be bettered, which is good enough for me. what is better than rendering a writer's work faithfully and with colour and style?

"bye bye birdie" isn't one of the best musicals of all time, but it's great fun, and accessible to many audiences. the original film could have been wonderful, with dick van dyke reprising his signature broadway role, but instead they tinkered with the plot, so the film is very unsatisfying. this re-make, which aired on abc in 1995, is far more faithful to the original script, and includes some original songs as well that were used in a national tour which this film took off from which starred tommy tune and ann reinking (who choreographed this film.)jason alexander is a very different type from dick van dyke, but he is well cast as albert, (before his "seinfeld" days, he started in musical theater.) vanessa williams is a perfect fit for rose. their is also great work from tyne daly as mae and mark kudisch as conrad birdie ( a role he played on the national tour).this film is not without it's problems though. a major liability is chynna phillips, who, however appealing, simply looks and seems too old to be teenage kim. and george wendt is somewhat bland as her father, somewhat throwing the number "kids" away (a number original cast member paul lynde stole the show with.)but all in all, this is a delightful, well-done film which the material deserved.

saw this as previous viewer by accident, i have watched it twice now. i thoroughly enjoyed it, no silly thought provoking messages just plain good fun entertainment, good songs, good characters and a just a feel good film highly recommended to those of us that just like to enjoy films and not dissect them great fun for all the family here. i didn't realise rosie alvarez is played by vanessa williams, she is excellent and very sultry. the songs like one boy and one last kiss are really enjoyable to listen to and to tap your feet to jason alexander is the complete contrast to his character in pretty woman ans is very good. tyne daley still sticks in my mind from cagney and lacey and her voice and accent still had that remembrance in it. overall i just loved it and will be looking to purchase it if it is available

i would strongly recommend this film for any musical fan whose been dying to see a musical make a faithful transition from stage to screen. sure it's long, but it's length is a testimony to how true to the original musical script the film is being. the sets and cast really make sweet apple, ohio the place to be. fosse protege anne reinking also does a splendid job with choreography giving the dances a nice small town, period feel.the casting at a glance may look strange to some but they really are qute marvelous(reading "annonymous"'s comments on jason alexander's performance made me sick). in fact, his perforamnce literally steals the show. as albert, he mixes his own unique blend of manic nervousness with dick van dyke-esque charm to create a new and improved albert. the fact that he can dance and sing like nobody's business doeesn't hurt either. george wendt is another stand out, who improves upon paul lynde's take on harry mcaffe by making him less manic and more down to earth and strict. his whole character and body language scream "over my dead body". marc kudisch takes the elvis aspect of conrad birdie to new heights with his subtle insertion of a "thank you very much" in "honestly sincere". his physicality though harkens back more to young elvis then the bloated, stubly conrad of the original film. the fact is that this movie differs so greatly from the original film (which added drawn in happpy faces, turtles on speed and the russian ballet!!!) what did any of taht have to do with bye, bye birdie, i wonder? the only possible advantage the original version has over this one is ann margret. otherwise the update is better in every possible way. where the old version cut many songs and increased dance breaks nwhere there was no need for them (and for all intents and purposes ended the movie in the middle of the play), the new version has restored the original music score and has added some great new stuff as well ("a giant step" being the standout in that category). we know live in trying times but if you want to get your mind off your troubles and put on a happy face then this is one worth checking out.

we taped this when it aired on tv back in 1995 and have waited all these years for its release, for it quickly became one of our family favorites. the kids are now teens and must have seen it a ba-zillion times, yet they still watch it religiously with friends. it's timeless appeal reaches across all ages groups--similar to "grease."vanessa williams is spectacular. jason alexander delightful and wonderfully light on his feet. i've noticed other commentators on this site are pretty rough on him, but our family gives him top ratings. (we loved his 'giant step' number.) marc kudisch (as conrad) supplies us with comedic relief and wonderful musical numbers. and brigitta dau (as ursula) just flat steals the show. probably our favorite character in the entire movie.the one disappointment was chynna philip's performance of kim. part of that has to do with the writing. kim's role is completely one-dimensional. complicating that, philip's delivery is flat, unimaginative, unbelievable and just plain awful. the director should have seen that and corrected it. or never cast her to begin with.overall, though, the picture is delightful and i highly recommend it for families of all ages.

this is a great movie, i did the play a while ago. it had an extra zing-- to it. i loved vanessa williams as rosey, and also jason alexander has a good voice. it was great. the setting were also very good. except the fact that it is 2 hours and 50 minutes, makes it pretty long. overall i give it 8.5 stars. they also added a few parts, but it was still cool.

my school's drama club will be putting this show in the spring of 2002, and i can only hope we're as good as this! i watched this film recently as sort of "research" for my role (rosie alvarez), and i'd just like to say, vanessa williams is the coolest!wow! the casting for this movie was right-on (with one exception). jason alexander, oh my gawd, is there anything he can't do? he was the most wonderful albert peterson ever - i especially loved all of his funny facial expressions and dancing during "put on a happy face!" he is so great! vanessa williams, as i said before, is the coolest. she was a beautiful rosie, and her transition from secretary to seductress was totally believable. tyne daly was hilarious as albert's obnoxious mother and george wendt was superb as the annoyed mr. mcafee (however i loved paul lynde's performance in the 1963 version!). brigitta dau cracked me up as ursula merkle; she really hammed it up! and marc kudisch was an awesome conrad birdie..."suffer!"there was only one casting that i didn't understand, and, as you'll see from previous comments, many other people didn't understand. chynna phillips as kim mcafee - what was that? i mean she's really pretty and very talented, but...she looks a bit too old for the role. eh, maybe i'm delusional.okay well anyways, i highly recommend this movie. it'll leave you smiling!

first of all, do not call this a remake of the '63 film. even though this version is truer to the stage play, it is extremely long. the casting was good with some exceptions. chyna phillips was not a good casting choice. she was almost 30 when she did this film, and it was hard to believe she was a teenager. jason alexander was good choice, but after a while he gave me a headache. tyne daly overdoes her part as mae peterson. george wendt was funny as harry mcaffee, and showed he could even hold a tune. like the '63 film, they casted an unknown to play conrad birdie. marc kudisch had fun with his role as birdie and it showed. i even have the soundtrack and i love listening to his singing. so what made this a tv ratings flop? it was lengthy for one. they put in new songs and scenes. even though some of the new songs were good (like "let's settle down"), was it really necessary? now don't get me wrong, i liked it, but i rather watch the '63 film (see my review). this was just a case of some actors overdoing roles, making some changes, and once again, length. one more thing i forgot to mention is vanessa williams. she does a good job with the role and the music. give her any lyrics and she could sing them. so here is my advice coming from someone who's done a couple productions of bye bye birdie: if you want to watch an entertaining take on the play, watch the '63 film. if you want to watch a version that is truer to the play, watch the '95 version. just take it in moderation though. don't be a hero and try watch it all in one sitting.

when you add up all the aspects from the movie---the dancing, singing, acting---the only one who stands out as the best in the cast is vanessa williams...her dedication, energy and timeless beauty make rosie the perfect role for her. never have i ever seen someone portray rose with such vibrancy! vanessa's singing talent shows beautifully with all the songs she performs as rose and her acting skills never cease to amaze me! her dancing is so incredible, even if as some people say the choreography was bad---her dancing skills were displayed better than ever before! i'd recommend this version over the '63 just because i find that although lengthy the acting by vanessa is superb-----not to mention the fact that jason alexander and the rest of the cast are very impressive as well (with the exception of chynna philips...what in hell were they thinking when they cast her?)all in all i'd say this version is wonderful and i recommend that everyone see this version!

deanna durbin, nan grey and barbara read are "three smart girls" in this universal film from 1936, which introduces deanna durbin to film audiences. it also stars ray milland, mischa auer, charles winninger, john king, binnie barnes and alice brady. it's a sweet story about three young women, now living in switzerland with their divorced mother, who hear their father (winninger) is marrying again. not having seen him in 10 years and knowing their mother still loves him, they board a ship to america, with the help of the housekeeper/nanny, determined to stop the wedding. realizing that the intended, called "precious" (barnes) is nothing but a gold-digger aided and abetted by her mother (brady), they arrange for her to be introduced to a wealthy count. this is arranged by their father's accountant (king). the man he chooses is a full-time drunk (auer), but the girls mistake him for an actual wealthy count (milland). what a mess.this is a delightful film, not cloying or overly sugary at all, with some nice performances, particularly by auer, milland, barnes and brady. the young women are pretty and all do good work. the emphasis, of course, is on young durbin, who is a natural actress and a beautifully-trained singer. in fact, her voice as a youngster is much more even than it would be as an adult - she has no trouble with the high notes, as she did later on because she put too much weight in the middle voice. she sings a delightful "il bacio" in a police station.one of the nicest things about the film is to see the father, played by charles winninger, not want his children around - until he sees them and gets to know them. barnes as the gold-digger isn't all that young, but the girls' mother looks way up there, so the inference probably was the older man seeking his youth with a younger, more glamorous woman. in fact, he finds the youth he was seeking in his daughters.universal gives durbin the big star buildup here - she has the final shot in the movie. ray milland at this point was still paying his dues, and it will probably be a surprise even to film fans how young and attractive he is.very entertaining and of course, this led to a sequel and big stardom for deanna.

deanna durbin, then 14 and just under contract to mgm, made a short feature in 1936 which paired her with judy garland, a year younger, in the first film for both of them. louis b. mayer then decided he didn't need two competing young singers, placed his bet on garland and let durbin go. universal immediately signed durbin, rushed her into three smart girls and rewrote the screenplay to pump up her part. she's billed last, but with the typographic equivalent of neon lights around her name. universal was convinced durbin would be a smash, and they were right. three smart girls is less a musical and more a screwball comedy, and durbin, 15 when the movie was released, carries it with aplomb. she's penny craig, and she and her older sisters, joan and kay, are determined to save their father, who had divorced their mother, from the clutches of an elegant gold digger with a fierce mother. they talk their way from switzerland, where they live, to new york city, where their father lives. they plan not just to break up their father's wedding but to reunite their father with their mother, who after ten years apart still loves the guy. is there any doubt that durbin will sing a song or two in her warm, luscious soprano? nope. is there any doubt the girls will succeed...with kay and joan finding love and matrimonial material along the way? nope, again. years later durbin was quoted as saying that she couldn't keep playing little miss fixit forever. she was right, of course, but in three smart girls, her first feature movie, she has little miss fixit down pat. durbin is funny, determined, resourceful, energetic and, of all things, natural. her personality is so genuine that it makes this comedy -- a mix of farce, confusion, good intentions and cheerful avarice -- downright endearing. durbin carries the movie with ease. it's a lot of fun watching her hold her own against the likes of binnie barnes as donna lyon, the woman with her hooks in penny's rich father, played by charles winninger, who was no slouch at stealing scenes, either. alice brady, who played the dithering matron in my man godfrey, plays donna lyons' mother, who is even more of a gold digger than her daughter. the last of the accomplished farceurs is ray milland as lord michael stuart, who through a contrived and amusing mix-up is mistaken for mischa auer. three smart girls holds up well as a light-weight and amusing comedy of manners and mix- ups. so does deanna durbin as a brand-new star, who with her huge success saved universal's bacon.

deanna durbin really did save universal from bankruptcy and enabled it to remain a big studio. by the mid 30s most of the big directors that had been at universal eg milestone, browning and wyler had gone. only james whale remained but his prestigious horror films were behind him. deanna and judy garland appeared in a short "every sunday" and initially garland was suggested for the role of penny in "three smart girls". when garland was unavailable universal switched to durbin. initially she had been definitely a supporting player but her potential was so vivid that the script was rewritten to make her the star. directed by henry koster the film had a european touch.the film starts with a beautiful panorama of a lake in "switzerland". the "three smart girls" of the title - three sisters, joan (nan grey), kay (barbara read) and penny (deanna durbin) are sailing with penny giving her glorious voice to "my heart is singing". all is not too well on the home front - their father is planning to remarry a younger woman (binnie barnes) so the three girls with the help of their trusty nurse (lucille watson) decide to go to new york and reunite him with their mother. lucille watson is best remembered for her role as robert taylor's stern mother in "waterloo bridge" (1941).donna is a gold-digger who, along with her scatty mother (alice brady), is determined to marry judson craig (charles winninger). for someone with no film experience deanna is wonderful as penny, a typical pesky, over enthusiastic kid sister and she is as pretty as a picture. when she sings "someone to care for me" to her father you will just melt - what a glorious voice she had. she also has one of the funniest lines in the film. when her father consoles her with "i'll take you to the zoo tomorrow", she replies "oh i can see enough monkeys around here"!!!with the help of bill evans (john king) they decide to hire a "count" (mischa auer)to romance donna. they arrange to meet at a nightclub but due to a mix-up lord michael stuart (ray milland) is mistaken for the count and donna falls for him (she thinks he owns half of australia!!!) the plan backfires as he falls for kay and donna wants to hasten her marriage to judson.penny decides to take matters into her own hands and runs away. she is taken to the local police station where she charms the cops with her rendition of "il bacio" (she is trying to convince them she is a young opera singer.) everything ends happily with their mother (nella walker) sailing over to patch things up with their dad and in the meantime donna makes the acquaintance of the phoney count (mischa auer) and sails off to australia with him.highly recommended.

cute film about three lively sisters from switzerland (often seen running about in matching outfits) who want to get their parents back together (seems mom is still carrying the torch for dad) - so they sail off to new york to stop the dad from marrying a blonde gold-digger he calls "precious". dad hasn't seen his daughters in ten years, they (oddly enough) don't seem to mind and think he's wonderful, and meanwhile precious seems to lead a life mainly run by her overbearing mother (alice brady), a woman who just wants to see to it her daughter marries a rich man. the sisters get the idea of pushing precious into the path of a drunken hungarian count, tricking the two gold-digging women into thinking he is one of the richest men in europe. but a case of mistaken identity makes the girls think the count is good-looking ray milland, who goes along with the scheme 'cause he has a crush on sister kay.this film is enjoyable, light fare. barbara read as kay comes across as sweet and pretty, ray milland looks oh so young and handsome here (though, unfortunately, is given little to do), alice brady is quite good as the scheming mother - but it is deanna durbin, a real charmer and cute as a button playing youngest sister penny, who pretty much steals the show. with absolutely beautiful vocals, she sings several songs throughout the film, though i actually would have liked to have seen them feature her even more in this. the plot in this film is a bit silly, but nevertheless, i found the film to be entertaining and fun.

this film is so old i never realized how young looking ray milland looked in 1936, i remember him playing in a great film, "lost weekend". ray plays the role of michael stuart, who is a very rich banker. there are three girls in this picture who are not very happy about their father and mother separating and they find out their father is going to get married to a young blonde who is a gold digger only looking for a rich sugar daddy. they hire a man to pose as a very rich count, his name is count ariszted, (misha auer) who is drunk all the time and is penniless and gives plenty of comic laughs throughout the picture. deanna durbin, (penny craig) surprised everyone when she was booked in a police station and told the chief of police that she was an opera star and then penny starts singing with the most fantastic soprano voice i have every heard, the entire police department and convicts started applauding, which was a very entertaining and enjoyable scene from this film. this is deanna durbin's first film debut and she became an instant success over night and went on to become a great movie star with universal studios after leaving mgm.

although she is little known today, deanna durbin was one of the most popular stars of the 1930s, a pretty teenager with a perky personality and a much-admired operatic singing voice. this 1937 was her first major film, and it proved a box-office bonanza for beleaguered universal studios.three smart girls concerns three daughters of a divorced couple who rush to their long-unseen father when their still-faithful mother reveals he may soon remarry--with the firm intention of undermining his gold-digger girlfriend and returning him to their mother. although the story is slight, the script is witty and the expert cast plays it with a neat screwball touch. durbin has a pleasing voice and appealing personality, and such enjoyable character actors as charles winninger, alice brady, lucile watson, and mischa auer round out the cast. a an ultra-light amusement for fans of 1930s film.gary f. taylor, aka gft, amazon reviewer

i'm surprised at the comments from posters stating that jane powell made the same type of films deanna durbin did. although they were both young sopranos whose film images were crafted by joe pasternak, if this film is any indication, they were almost polar opposites.while, in three smart girls, durbin plays an impulsive "little miss fixit," who, after some setbacks, manages to reunite her divorced parents, in its' semi-remake, three daring daughters, jane powell almost destroys the marriage between her screen mom jeanette macdonald and new stepfather jose iturbi when she refuses to accept him and strong arms her younger siblings into rejecting him, too. from the durbin and powell films i've seen, i'd say these disparate qualities permeate the early films of both of these talented young performers.as for durbin's performance in three smart girls, i find it completely winning, and most impressive. although it's clear from her occasionally shrill and over-emphatic line readings in some of the more energetic scenes that this is an early film for deanna, watching the self-confident, knowing and naturally effervescent manner in which she delivers her lines and performs overall, and the subdued and tender manner she projects the more serious scenes, you'd never guess that this was the first film role of a 14 year-old girl whose prior professional experience consisted almost exclusively of two years of vocal instruction. given that this film, and durbin herself, were much publicized at the time as "universal's last chance," the production must have been an impossibly stressful situation for a film novice of any age, but you'd never know it from the ease and assurance durbin displays on screen. although she's clearly still developing her acting style and demeanor before the camera (this was equally true of the early performances of much more experienced contemporaries like garland, rooney, o'connor and jane powell), durbin projects an extraordinary presence and warmth on camera that is absolutely unique to her, and, even here, in her first film, she manages to remain immensely likable despite the often quick-tempered impulsiveness of her character, and though she's occasionally shrill, she never for a second projects the coy and arch qualities that afflicted many child stars, including jane powell and some of the other young sopranos who followed in the wake of her success.in short, like all great singing stars, durbin was much more than just a "beautiful voice." on the other hand, while durbin's pure lyric soprano is a truly remarkable and glorious instrument, the most remarkable thing about it, to me, was the way she is able to project her songs, without the slightest bit of affectation or "grandnes" that afflict the singing of adult opera singers like lily pons, grace moore and jeanette macdonald in films of the periodthe film is also delightful, heavily influenced by screwball comedy, it backs durbin up with a creme-de-la-creme of first-class screwball pros such as charles winninger, binnie barnes, alice brady, ray milland and mischa auer. the story is light and entertaining. true, it's hardly "realistic," but why would anyone expect it to be? if you want :"realistic" rent the grapes of wrath or triumph of the will. on the other hand, if you're looking for a genuine, sweet, funny and entertaining family comedy with a wonderfully, charismatic and gifted adolescent "lead," and terrific supporting players, this film won't let you down.

it has been said that deanna durbin invented teenagery. this first film was one of the best. the humorous story presented a delightful 14 year old deanna, a little beauty with a gorgeous voice, as the "miss fixit" in a family split by divorce. for plot summary, see other imdb entries, but quickly deanna and her two older sisters plan to go to america from switzerland to prevent their father from remarrying. with an excellent supporting cast especially barbara read and nan grey as the sisters, good direction and editing, the film succeeds in captivating one even on subsequent viewings. of deanna's three songs, only "il bacio" is from the classical repertoire, but when she sings it in that police station scene, the film's place in history is assured. at least it was for this viewer who at the age of 15 was smitten for life with both deanna and classical music. one of the many nice touches that occur throughout three smart girls is the brief glimpse of the drunk stretching his neck for a final glimpse of deanna as the cops hustle him by! one unfortunate result of the success of this film was that subsequent writers for durbin vehicles became locked into the "miss fixit" theme, which quickly became stale. deanna herself never did. her stature as an actress is more questionable than her charisma, which she certainly had. it seems to me that, like many another film personality, she substituted "naturalness" for the histrionic ability that she lacked. the ploy worked well for 21 feature films.

i first saw this film over 25 years ago on british tv and have only just caught up with it again last week on a dvd copy bought off ebay. i had remembered the musical sequences, the colour and the gorgeous fashion plate poses and clothes but the plot is weaker than the earlier anna neagle/michael wilding film spring in park lane and maytime doesn't stand up so well to the passage of the years. but michael wilding is a joy in the film, charming, funny, debonair, appears to be having great fun and on top of his form. worth watching for him alone. anna neagle appears a little matronly beside him, and a little too old for the part she plays but by the end of the 1940's their film partnership was well established with the cinema going public. spring in park lane had been a top hit for 1947 and a big money maker. in his autobiography wilding wrote at length of his great regard for herbert wilcox the director and instigator of this london series of films.

as the story in my family goes, my dad, milton raskin, played the piano for the dorsey band. after sinatra joined the band, my dad practiced with him for hours on end. then, at a point in time, my dad told sinatra that he was actually to good to be tied up with such a small group (band), and that he should venture off on his own. by that time sinatra had enough credits 'under his belt' to do just that! dorsey never forgave my dad, and the rest, as they say, is history.i have some pictures and records to that effect, and so does berkley university in california.i have seen just about every sinatra movie more times than i wish to say, and his movies never get old . . . thank you frank

as with most of eleanor powell's films, this one plays out along the flimsiest of plots. for some reason -- oh it is explained! -- she's selected to transport a magnetic mine to cuba. good guys and bad guys compete for the mine and who is who gets confusing. but, as always, powell's dancing is superb and worth the price of admission. and in this one lahr plays his cowardly lion, evoking warm memories of that technicolor film of 1939. a fringe benefit is hearing a young frank, with that wonderful voice and skinny vulnerability that he abandoned for his wise-guy persona later on. in addition, the great drummer, buddy rich, has a wonderful time displaying his virtuosity. watch particularly for his unique duet with dorsey's trumpet man, ziggy elman. i say "unique" perhaps in ignorance, but i know of no other drum/trumpet sequence like this one on film or records. this film is fun. even skelton's goofy persona is relatively restrained. powell shows again that she is the greatest film dancer ever.

the plot of this enjoyable mgm musical is contrived and only occasionally amusing, dealing with espionage and romance but the focus of the film is properly pointed upon the tuneful interludes showcasing the enormously talented and athletic tap dancing eleanor powell, abetted by tommy dorsey and his orchestra, featuring ziggy elman, buddy rich and frank sinatra. red skelton shares top billing with powell, and he and sidekick bert lahr are given most of the comedic minutes, although skelton is more effective when he, if it can be believed, performs as powell's love interest, with virginia o'brien actually providing most of the film's humor as the dancer's companion. the technical brilliance of powell is evidenced during one incredible scene within which buddy rich contributes his drumming skills, and which must be viewed several times in order to permit one's breathing to catch up with her precision. director edward buzzell utilizes his large cast well to move the action nicely along despite the rather disjointed script with which he must deal, and permits powell's cotangent impossibilities to rule the affair, as is appropriate.

what fun! bucketfuls of good humor, terrific cast chemistry (skelton/powell/lahr/o'brien), dynamite dorsey-driven soundtrack! miss powell's dance numbers have exceptional individual character and pizzazz. her most winning film appearance.

"ship ahoy" was probably made in order to showcase mgm talent. the film is a fun trip on an ocean liner on its way to san juan, puerto rico, at the time in which the country was involved in wwii. this was typical fare for the studios, which gave the movie going public light weight entertainment as a distraction during those difficult times the country was living.the beautiful eleanor powell is seen at her best in some musical numbers where she clearly shows us she was a dancer to be reckoned with. red skelton is also seen in a straight part with not too much clowning, as he pursues the beautiful ms. powell on the ship that is bringing them to puerto rico. the irresistible bert lahr has good opportunities in the film to show he was a funny man. also virginia grey is seen as a fun girl who is not fooled by anyone.there are good musical numbers featuring tommy dorsey and his orchestra, in which one sees, among others, the amazing buddy rich, who has a few solos with mr. dorsey and ms. powell. a young frank sinatra appears also as the lead singer of the band, backed by the pied pipers.this is a nostalgic trip that should be savored by fans of this genre, which mgm totally controlled.

thanks to warner archive, i can once again see this mammoth variety show which throws in everything but the kitchen sink. (the bathtub, however is present.) this film gives screen time to every person who was under contract to warners at the time. if some of the artists seem unfamiliar to some, it is because they were big in the silent days, and most faded with the popularity of the talkies. there are some truly remarkable artists from the vaudeville era as well. you will be most impressed with winnie lightner, who performs two numbers. also there is that french star, irene bordoni who croons a love song in a sexy manner. perhaps one of the biggest highlights is the two-strip technicolor "chinese fantasy," which has been restored for this version. it is truly beautiful and it stars myrna loy and nick lucas. finally, there is the massive "lady luck" finale which goes on for nearly a quarter of an hour. this is truly an epic of the early-talkie era. any old-movie buff will love this.

it is very hard to rate this film. as entertainment value for 21st century viewers, it fails miserably. however, for the student of early sound films and history, it is a jewel. "show of shows" was a revue filmed to compete with mgm's successful "hollywood revue of 1929", which still survives intact complete with its technicolor scenes.the purpose of the all-star revue was to showcase a particular studio's silent stars in speaking roles, and show that they could make the transition. however, warner bros. seems to have forgotten this and employs many acts and stars that they didn't even have under long-term contract such as ben turpin, lloyd hamilton, beatrice lillie, and even a marching band. meanwhile, their biggest talent - al jolson - is noticeably absent. even at a high salary he could not be compelled to join in. almost every act is overly long and the film plays like a dozen or so vitaphone shorts strung together with no continuity. the finale is also overly long, but it is really enjoyable with all of its dance numbers.the highlights of the film are two numbers from winnie lightner - "pingo pongo" and "singin in the bathtub", a couple of numbers with nick lucas, john barrymore performing shakespeare, and the chinese fantasy "li po li" with nick lucas and myrna loy. this last number is the only part of the film that survives in technicolor, and it really is quite attractive. reasonably enough, the players in these good acts were long-term warner bros. stars so perhaps the director knew how to play to their strengths since he was familiar with them.this film acts as a snapshot at an odd point in film history - the year 1929, which was the bridge year between two eras - the silent and sound eras, and the roaring 20's and the great depression. just two years later this same film would have had an entirely different cast, as warner bros. would abandon its silent era stars and the stars they hired just to produce the early musicals in favor of those stars that gave warner bros. its distinctive urban look and feel - james cagney, joan blondell, edward g. robinson, and others.

this is a deliriously colossal vulgar silly all star extravaganza revue of all the early talkie stars that warner bros could afford. ...and like most other rarely seen films actually made during the late 20s, an unforgettable opportunity to see and hear the genuine roaring twenties' exuberance and youthfulness put to song and dance. the show of shows is pretty gigantic. vaudeville act after soliloquy after tap dance after acrobat after comedian after fan-dance after ukulele lunacy after rin tin tin who introduces 'an oriental number'...(!)... and on and on it lumbers, grinning and squeaking away in fabulous gramophone quality vitaphone sound. it is far too long, but among it's delirious delights are the awesome "singin in the bathtub" number created on a scale of which the qe2 architects would be proud...beatrice lillie lounging by a grand piano with some happiness boys amusingly warbling a witty ditty, nick lucas, and the never-ending grand finale in two color color...which is all set to the song lady luck. . so keen are the tubby chorus line and leaping teenagers to en-ter-tain us that they almost kick themselves repeatedly in their own faces with glee and effort. row after row of "doll" characters hop past and some even emerge from the floor. i kid you not, there are even girls strapped to the crystal chandeliers, mummified with shiny gauze and chained up with pearl ropes, unable to move (for days, i imagine, during production) whilst this katzenjammer of toy-box athleticism twitch and spasm below to the ukulele orchestra. of course i loved it and had to watch this color finale over and over and then invite friends and family to the screen for weeks on end just to horrify and terrify them each separately and to roll about on the lounge in shrieking in delight at each and every exclamation of their startled reactions. and so should you...and rejoice that there was an era when this was created simply to entertain and thrill. it is all so demented.

it is difficult to evaluate this or any other comparable film of the early sound era in terms that one might use for ordinary film commentary. at times there is almost a desperation, as many film personalities of the silent era try their wings at sound, surely fearing that they will be left by the wayside (as did happen to some), rin-tin-tin. however, was pertfectly natural. in such a vaudeville of unrelated sequences, some were sure to stand out john barrymore's soliloquy from richard ii is a moment certainly worth preserving. by and large, only those with earlier stage training exuded confidence. however, this is over all reasonably entertaining, and a must for "film buffs" especially interested in the silent to sound transition

this is hardly a movie at all, but rather a real vaudeville show, filmed for the most part "in proscenium", and starring some of the greatest stage stars of the day. "singing in the bathtub" is an absolutely amazing production number that must be seen-- be sure to wear your shower cap!

my observations: vamp outfit at end is ravishing and wonderful, exotic and fantastic. jeanette wore it well, and got even with naive nelson. boat crashing into his balcony served him right. costume outfits of his female mafia were designed surprisingly well, especially by today's standards. 1942 costume designer did great job. main song theme just lovely.caution to negative posters: 1942 was time of ww ii; pearl harbor happened year before. u.s. just coming out of great depression; needed to get out and spend that hard earned money on diversion of singing, dance and yes, fantastic fantasy. despotic dictators were trying to rule out there in rl, snuffing out freedoms. thank goodness the public had these fantastic plot line movies to attend. movie going was a privileged treat, in those depressing times. when you, negative posters, become actors or even movie stars, then you have room to talk and criticize. jeanette's and nelson's movies stand the test of time.angel wings wonderful, on the real angel. rl wings at costume party not so hot, but great on jeanette considering the sl.beautiful singing by jeanette and nelson, as always. jeanette dancing was a pure delight.15/10

one used to say, concerning nathaniel hawthorne, that his failures were more interesting than his successes. i believe that the same remark could suit to mcdonald-eddy's pictures. and especially this one. it apparently possesses many characteristics of a failed movie: it's kitsch, the script, because of censorship, sounds inconsistent yet, this movie gets also some good points: good rodgers-hart's music ("i married an angel", "tira tira tira la"), good acting with e.e.horton and reginald owen. anyway, if you may dislike it, you can't forget it. this strange movie actually leaves a very strong, dreamlike, impression, and you are very likely to keep it in mind for days, maybe for weeks. why? in the thirties and the beginning of the forties, movies didn't have the same mean than today: it aimed, like a dream, to divert the public in order to make it forget a difficult reality. of all the the dream-movies that was made, in that time, this one stands as particularly powerful.in short, let's say that the better way to appreciate this movie, is to watch it without wondering whether it's good or bad. to watch it, like you would watch a dream.

the movie is a fantasy. the story line is thin but serves as the structure upon which some wonderful songs are sung and sung beautifully. (i still cannot believe that such handsome and attractive people could sing this well.) some of the dialog is wonderfully clever. the costumes made me feel as though i was watching a haute couture fashion show from 1942.movies are designed to serve various purposes. this one is designed to entertain and it certainly does. if i have one negative comment it would be that nelson eddy was a little too old to be the handsome dashing count. some of the closeups made me uncomfortable. but he could still sing and sing magnificently. however, jeanette macdonald was just as dazzling as ever. she makes a spectacular angel.this genre is well before my time, and i an new to the jeanette macdonald/nelson eddy films and related conversation. the music in this movie is beautiful. as much as i love the classic rock music which fills most modern movies, there is no question in my mind that this music is simply and clearly more memorable, more delightful, better constructed. the stars in this movie are more talented than the stars i see in the movie theaters today. and jeanette macdonald, without the benefit of beverly hills plastic surgeons, was more beautiful than the stars i see today. i am unclear as to why so many other posters are apologetic about liking this movie and more generally this group of movies. they say it is dated and try to explain why it is the way it is. and those that do not like it say that it is not very good but compared to what? i think this movie will doubtless still be entertaining people when so many other movie are long forgotten. there is just too much quality in every way in this movie for it not to be remembered and enjoyed. i recommend this movie without reservation to anyone who appreciates great talent, great beauty and great music.

i know a lot of people don't like this movie, but i just think it is adorable. there's not much i can say, but the movie is a feel-good movie i guess. the songs are beautiful, the costumes are beautiful, the voices are beautiful, and there are a lot of funny lines in the movie, especially as briggitta learns about the do's and don't's of society. if you like musicals, i'd say you'd like this one!

jeanette macdonald and nelson eddy star in this "modern" musical that showcases macdonald's comic abilities. surreal 40s musical seem to be making fun of 40s fashions even as they were in current vogue. eye-popping costumes and sets (yes b&w) add to the surreal, dreamlike quality of the entire film. several good songs enliven the film, with the "twinkle in your eye" number a total highlight, including a fun jitterbug number between macdonald and binnie barnes. also in the huge cast are edward everett horton, reginal owen, mona maris, douglas dumbrille and anne jeffreys. also to been seen in extended bit parts are esther dale, almira sessions, grace hayle, gertrude hoffman, rafaela ottiano, odette myrtile, cecil cunningham and many others.great fun and nice to see the wonderful macdonald in her jitterbug/vamp routines. she could do it all.

it appears that there's no middle ground on this movie! most of it takes place in a dream and, like most dreams, it's often foolish and illogical. it's also a gorgeous production with some great songs and fine performances, especially by our angel.jeanette's deadpan, unknowing insults and various other faux pas at the dream reception are hilarious, and her jitterbug with binnie barnes is a surprise and a delight. at one point, she gets to sing a snippet from carmen, followed by the final trio of faust (holding a lapdog, for some strange reason), then "aloha oe" on the beach! it's a surreal comedy--tremendously entertaining if you can get into the groove.

have never understood why the macdonald-eddy swan song has always been panned so mercilessly--not just by their detractors but by virtually everyone. to me, "i married an angel" is more lively and imaginative than any of the duo's more celebrated outings. the sets and costumes are as lavish as any to be found in an mgm musical, the script is by the reliable anita loos ("san francisco," "the women," "gentlemen prefer blondes," etc.), the rodgers and hart tunes (albeit altered a bit by macdonald-eddy regulars bob wright and chet forrest) are given celestial treatment by herbert stothart (oscar-winner for scoring "the wizard of oz"), and best of all, the "singing sweethearts" look great in their contemporary clothes and seem to be having fun with the bizarre proceedings. try to show "rose marie" or "sweethearts" to the uninitiated today and they may very well have a hard time sitting still, but this offbeat, fast-paced fantasy is bound to entertain.

metro-goldwyn-mayer is a very lost player in the short cartoon market. this market is essentially dominated by the looney tunes and the merry melodies shorts, coming from warner bros. but mgm is also able of releasing hidden gems, like "to spring", an astonishing story about the most beautiful season of the year.in the environment depicted here, spring isn't caused by natural cycles, but is fabricated. and by who? by little male elves who live below ground. each spring, when the snow begins to melt, they start working. they begin by felling rainbow rock columns, then reducing them to rubble and using this rubble to turn it into color fluids, which will be moved up to the ground and bearing grass, flowers... in other words, spring! the first half of the cartoon depicts spring's fabrication, but the second part is a little bit different. old man winter comes back and he tries to extend winter by destroying the elves' work. so from this point, we assist to a battle between the elves and old man winter.the music heard here is deliciously wonderful. the melodic parts stick in the head like an ink spot on a paper sheet. the second part melodies are thrilling and they perfectly fit with the action. this is just fantastico, giorgio! the animation sequences are also a delight. the colors are well mixed and every little detail is shown into a massive, epic environment. the concept itself is brilliant. the elves are attracting characters, so is old man winter, who effectively portrays the cold and ruthless feelings of the white season.there's also a strong message included here. the battle seems lost for the elves at the end, until a single late arriving elf jump into the action and it leads to the elves' victory over winter. so the point is: only one single person can make the difference.in conclusion, "to spring" is a remarkable lost classic from short cartoon era. what is even more remarkable is that this cartoon's director made his debut here. and who is "to spring"'s director? it's a certain william hanna...

this cartoon is short on plot, but is a visually stunning piece of work. there will be very, very minor spoilers: this short has a "story" that's incredibly slight-gnomes underground are responsible for the return of spring each year, yet must contend with a winter not yet ready to withdraw. both the gnomes and the storm have their own songs. that's pretty much the plot, such as it is. but this cartoon isn't about the plot-it's about the color and animation. the visuals are exceptional. back in 1936, such bright color was still something of a novelty and there's some incredibly inspired work here.my favorite moments of the short surround the movement of the liquefied colors through pipes. at more than one point, there are a series of pipes aligned in a row, from the shortest to the tallest and the colors move through the pipes and the musical track makes it seem as though the row is a pipe organ.the visuals of the battle between the emerging greenery and the winter storm which refuses to leave quietly are exceedingly well executed. these types of shorts were things which hugh harman and rudolf ising are noted for, but they probably also helped lead to their ultimate departure from mgm, because this cartoon probably went over budget and mgm finally decided that they could control costs better if the animation department were managed by someone a little more conscious of cost than harman and ising were.this is truly a beautiful cartoon and is well worth seeing. it's available on the dvd attack of the '30s characters. recommended, particularly if you like good animation.

splendid film that in just eight minutes displays an unusual genre mix: mystery, thriller, musical. briefly, we are allowed to tell about the story: a girl comes into a european cafeteria and then... soft transit from nonsense mystery to narrative logic. in a no time, no place way vigalondo managed a delight in b/w by means of imagination and despite (thanks to) the tightest of budgets.because of the unity of time-space the film reaches the intensity of a short poem (almost a haiku). spain, land of quick poetry in b/w (¿remember the early buñuel?).a must see for reassuring our belief in young cinema outside the states.

good film. tells a boyish fantasy story, telling us how trapped we are in social situations and what kind of extreme measures one has to take to behave differently. or at least the feeling: that you have to break every rule if you are to break one. if you wanted to express love for someone you don't know, how would you do it without creating a pressing social situation? also it's about the fascism of deciding over others cultural life, of what kind of culture that is jammed down our throats. what gives disney or fox or the suicide bomber the right to decide what is our choice. are one not allowed to drink the morning coffee by one self. do we have to listen to the nrj shouting, see the stupid tabloid headlines and the street commercials before we even have had our morning coffee?

a woman, mujar (marta belengur) enters a restaurant one morning at &:35 unaware that a terrorist has kidnapped the people in said restaurant & is making them act out a musical number in this strange yet fascinating short film, which i only saw by finding it on the dvd of the director/writer's equally fascinating "timecrimes". it had a fairly catchy song & it somehow brought a smile to my face despite the somber overall plot to the short. i'm glad that i stumbled across it (wasn't aware it would be an extra when i rented the dvd) and wouldn't hesitate at all to recommend it to all of my friends.my grade: a-

this 2004 oscar nominee is a very short b/w film in spanish. a young woman goes into a café, gets a coffee, and notices a couple of musicians standing silently with their instruments. all the patrons are motionless, like mannequins. one guy, however, is quite jolly and breaks into a song about what goes on at 7:35 in the morning. there is one surprising moment after another until the end which is quite, well, surprising. the people, the place, everything looks quite ordinary. and like the musical piece "bolero", the thing keeps building until the climax. with its structure, theme,movement and wit,it is an 8 minute masterpiece.

if you're amused by straight-faced goings-on that are logical within a given illogical situation, you'll enjoy this whimsical 8-minute spanish film.a woman enters a small café. the scene looks ordinary, but the counterman, customers, and two musicians seem somehow oddly subdued.suddenly, the musicians play and one man begins to sing the title song , dancing across table tops with musical-comedy gestures. the customers, at first immobile, at intervals chime in (badly but gamely) with phrases from the song, read from slips of paper in their palms. on and off they jump up and dance (awkwardly but earnestly) in choreographed motions, like backup singers.but why??? the woman wonders. the answer is revealed as the soloist's jacket opens and she sees what's strapped across his chest -- just before the explosive climax...even if you don't catch the song's (probably ironical) lyrics, the situation-perfect performances should give you a grin and a chuckle... i'd love to see it again!

with a minimal budget, a running time of eight minutes and a great amount of imagination, nacho vigalondo has achieved one of the most moving shorts i've ever seen. the subtlety of the screenplay is really remarkable, since it doesn't give the ending away until the very last moment.don't let anybody tell you what the short is about, since you'll be able to enjoy it a lot more. nacho vigalondo is the discovery of the year for his one-man show: directing, writing and acting in this formidable short is the most remarkable effort i've seen in years. also pay attention to the performance of marta belenguer, her reaction shots are incredible.overall rating: 8/10

i was so glad i came across this short film. i'm always so disappointed that short films are hard to come across, so when i saw this and saw that it was nominated for the live action short film at the academy awards, i was so pleased that i actually had a film that i was rooting for.the plot is pretty simple, the director, writer, and star nacho vigalondo tried coming up with a reason people would suddenly break out into a song and dance number like they do in movie musicals. the result is extremely entertaining and the song is actually really catchy.it's a well made short film, well edited and the actors all do a great job. and the last shot of the film is perfect.i highly recommend this film.

more directors like nacho vigalondo need a greater outlet for their talents. 7:35 de la mañana is absolute genius. what nacho is able to convey in 8 minutes takes some hollywood directors hours of film to achieve. i watched this smiling, but feeling a little dirty and not in the sexual way. you sit and wonder how you should feel after watching this 8 min. nugget. i was entertained, but was disturbed at the same time. not many people can do that in just 8 minutes. it starts off simple enough. a young women comes in for breakfast at her usual place. she sits down and someone starts singing. from there, the film takes you through so many different emotions all at once it is hard to describe. it is in black & white, but this helps with the feeling the film gives you.this film makes you want to know more about the characters, how they interacted previously and how the ending impacted their lives afterward. i guess it like the old saying,"leave them wanting more", nacho vigalondo is able to do that. watch this when you can. show it to your friends and wonder how 8 minutes can be so much fun without taking off your clothes.

this is a masterpiece footage in b/w 35mm film. the film makes you see a strange way to begin the day at 7:35 am in a bar and how much things can happen there in 8 minutes.the short amazingly, gets you in a complex story using very little elements, and step to step makes you realize that something isn't totally right. it expresses a lot, makes your adrenalin go high with subtle details, and is incredibly understandable by anyone, not just the cinema critics experts.but i know how it sounds : european short, black and white and low budgeted. don't let that scare you. is really worth to see by anyone, not just experts in the genre.isn't really much more to tell, since the film just lasts 8 minutes (exactly), and i don't want to spoil it. but i just watched it online and i couldn't understand why no one spent a few minutes to post a comment about it.really worth watching it. 10/10.

i have seen this movie. this movie is the best according today's need. dowry in marriages is the major problem nowadays. in stating this problem this movie is the best. in this movie, the indian values are stated very well. today's youth must understand this problem. there is less population of girls. and due to this problem of dowry , the girls committed suicide. if this problem continues, then the day when there is no girl child, is not far away.so, keep in mind this statement ,today's youth must understand that we can not take dowry in marriages.we have to learn from this movie that the dowry should not be taken.and if we understand this problem then we can see the new trend in the society. this is the major change in the society.

once in a while, you come upon a movie that defines your values and shows you the true depth of human emotions leaving you drained. vivah is just that  maybe more. after watching ddlj, saajan, and lamhey, i really thought that bollywood has reached its pinnacle and will never come up with anything like that - ever. boy was i wrong! i went to the store to buy some groceries and decided to pick this movie up along with the new "don" (just so i can compare the great ab with shahrukh  although the decision is already made in my mind). after debating whether i should waste almost 3 hours on a meaningless movie i decided to watch it realizing i had nothing else to do. when i saw the rating of u instead of an a, i was happy that at least it is something where i don't have to watch scantily clad women with bad acting skills doing nothing but dancing on every opportunity they get and making out with every guy to show that they have more skills in bed than a hollywood b actress. for the first 5 minutes or so i thought i would again be subjected to meaningless story with bad acting. after all everyone who has seen shahid kapor know that he as never gained his fame as an accomplished actor. boy  was i wrong about this movie. this movie grabbed my interest after the first 5 minutes and would never let it go. it was a great movie with a good storyline about the vanishing traditions of our society. i liked not only that the director was brave enough to make a movie where younger generation might not relate to the concept (of arranged marriage), but also that he did it with a conviction (that it is the right thing to do). i have no idea why some people think that the acting was not good. i felt that the acting was great and even though the music score might not be considered the best ever, it was still very very good. the good thing is this music will grow on people with time like it did with me after the i watched that movie a second time. the other good thing is that thee songs are not pushed into the script as we have all seen in so many movies. these songs actually tell a big part of the story and are certainly a welcome addition. just like ajay devgan went from being a joke to a great actor (after company), and salman found his groove after "hum aapkey hain kaun"; this movie will help shahid kappor jump to being of the better actors and entertainers in bollywood. this is the first movie of his in which i like him and his role. he acted well and adjusted to being the nice good looking young rich kid. yes you will not find him playing basketball and scoring every point on a dunk like you saw shahrukh in ddlj (even though he is shown to be an indian in england  both countries not big on basketball by the way), he does come across as very believable as a person who holds true to his values. amrita rao, for the first time came across as someone to be remembered. in all her other movies she was competing with big faces which was actually hindering her. no one knew how good of an actress she really is until they watch this movie. some of the scenes in which she has to cry especially towards the end really shows her knowledge and depth of acting. although she has been in another movies she is most memorable in this one. i think this movie will and should do wonders for her. move over rani  there is finally another girl who if given a decent chance to work with good directors can grab the torch from you. she is beautiful with a great voice and has a face that exudes complete innocence. oh having almost 0% body fat does not hurt either (yes people i will challenge you find even 0.1% fat on her and unlike so many others like sonali she can actually act too). i thought i will never be enamored by anyone's beauty after madhuri and early kajol, but she completely changed that. shahid and amrita worked very well together and their relationship fitted their characters and they both did an excellent job (although i was waiting for shahid to turn into a girl like salman did every time he uttered "hum aapkey hain kaun"). when i finished watching this movie, it left me so emotionally drained that i decided to watch this movie again (right away). yes right away. i have never ever done that. not even with ddlj, but this movie just had something that had to be understood again and again. i will probably watch this movie a third time over the weekend just so i can watch and relive the traditions we all grew up with. i miss those times where families sat down and had fun. when parents had time for their kids and where kids respected what their parents believed in. i know a lot of people think that movie does not portray real life but deep down don't we all want it to happen. the families, thee tradition, the love and respect. this is what this movie will remind all of us of. i can assure you it is an extremely well made movie which you will enjoy. i am sure some young people will not like this movie but if you are over 28 i doubt that you will be one of them.

what can i say, i have grown up watching hum saath saath hain, hum aapke hain koun and maine pyar kiya. soraj have always been different. movies are part of our lives in evolutionary times soraj creates something thats hard to find. love and joint family that loving and great. vivah is journey for a couple that are getting arrange marriage that turns on arrange and love marriage. shahid has done fine work. anupamji as always brilliant. amrita rao quit different even though i felt that someway the other to me she doesn't suit in that role. we've seen her in ishk vishk and ab ke baras, and main ho on na. so quit different role that she isn't in to. she is been excellent in main ho on na and ishk vishk but may be she could've put little more in the role. anyways great going work by barjatya. this movie rejuvenates the values that we forgot. sweet film of the year. great music and lyrics. i am not sure if its a remake but anyways brilliant story that is original. soraj's movies have been brilliant all the way so we always expect something different from him. great work by all the cast the crew and everybody. lovely family film to enjoy with your parents, siblings, friends and love ones. i give it 10 out of 10.

starlift is a pleasant and interesting throwback to those all star musical pictures that every studio was putting out during the world war ii years. when you've got such stars as gary cooper, james cagney, doris day, gordon macrae, and randolph scott, etc., in the film and with such people as the gershwin brothers, cole porter, jule styne and sammy cahn supplying the music, it's an easy to take film. and the plot isn't even in the way.what plot there is involves two air force enlisted men, dick wesson and ron hagerthy, trying to meet warner brothers starlet janice rule using as a gimmick the fact that both come from youngstown, ohio and hagerthy's father was rule's dentist as well as half of the town's. the scheme works too well as louella parsons is soon putting them as an item in her column. yes, louella's in the film as well. she must have liked warner brothers or jack warner catered to her more than the other studio bosses because she also used this studio to publicize her hollywood hotel radio program back in the day.but the rest of the plot also touched on the real life efforts of ruth roman also playing herself to get her studio and others to do shows at the air force bases for the servicemen and women going to korea. some of the names i've mentioned and others sing and perform in a show at travis air force base where a lot of this film was shot.one specialty number was shot for the talents of phil harris who sing/narrates a ballad look out stranger, i'm a texas ranger aided and assisted by virginia gibson, frank lovejoy and gary cooper. yup, cooper looked like he was having a great old time kidding his image.this is the oldest of clichés when you say they don't make them like this any more, but they really don't because you don't have a studio system that has all this talent under contract. that's one thing about the demise of the old studio system we can mourn.

as a movie this barely rates a 4 but for movie fans of the 1940s period, it's almost a must-see and rates a 9 as a variety show! i was drawn to watch this by the presence of richard (captain midnight) webb who plays the colonel in charge of the event. what surprised me was the stunning performance of doris day. outside of 'calamity jane', i've never seen her put over a song better than she does here. randolph scott is memorable as well, even if he doesn't see much screen time. it's been a while since i saw the movie but i was almost sure humphrey bogart put in an appearance. with so many familiar faces, it's hard to keep track. if it ever turns up on a tv station near you, be sure to catch the doris day sequence, if nothing else!

at first i didn't like the movie cause of it being a nazi swastika drama.but after buying it and seeing it, it wasn't that bad. i heard so many complaints about the numbers being short and ilse werner not singing. now i understand. the radio show was a super propaganda radio program. ilse , johanne and zara plus rudy shruki and band like kurt widman and his orchestra and fud cantics ex cetera never appeared in the radio show cause the singers and the bands were of the pop jazz and swing categories. the club foot had that regulated that for touring occupied areas for the soldiers to short wave radios for the soldiers also night clubs and hotels,in berlin and hamburg, and record sales only. this is why ilse wasn't allowed to sing in this picture. this would be made up by medium budget musical ,were making music, 1942, in which she would demonstrate her whistling.but this is an excellent example propaganda.inge and her aunt eichhorn,played by ida wust, goes to the 1936 olympics. the aunt forgets her tickets so inge has to wait till her aunt comes back with the tickets. she meets carle radditz, who plays herbert, who has an extra ticket. she goes with him and it's love at first sight. they plan to marry but the spanish war get in the way so he has to go on an assignment against the right side.carl raddatz as so many people complained about him was really handsome and not plain. when he did opfergang and they put a mustache on him plus his own suntan that made him plain looking.you see the nazi soldiers acting normal,like a scene in which a ex butcher and his troops are in france and they steal pigs from a farm and they are about to make lunch until their leader suggest to save the pigs. this reflect adolphs animal rights extremism. the character was a butcher now soldier . this was a subtle put down against meat eating.late on in world war 11, herbert is flying in a german airplane. we shoot one of the pilots so herbert takes over. we shoot his plane. they crash. unfortunately for us they survive.another seen the nazis soldiers go in a bomb catholic church ,now it's putting the catholics down, and hubert's best friend helmet,played by joachim brennecke starts to play the organ, beethtoven, .more bombs come in from us. the church is bomb more the soldier continues to stay and play the organ he's being told to leave. we end up injuring him. propaganda message? the catholic church organ cause him to become addicted to it.it injured him. see? by this time inge is with her either mother or grandma, played hedwig bleibteu, the same german grandame actress who played maria holst's aunt in weiner blut.well ,later it comes to the short view of the radio show. this was not intended to be a musical revue, such as kora terry released that same year were as well as rosen in tirol, the music as well as their side of the war was so supposed to be only the back drop. it was mainly a war romantic movie.it's easy to take a pot shot at those soldier in the movie but in real life many of those soldiers were being forced to fight the nazi cause, cause of the job and the monthly pay that they would receive. after the war many of them who survive would regret it. this is a good swastika classic. the only problem is that today you have neo nazi and nazi skin heads, who watched the same movies to reflect their hitler worship and their. they have disturbing websites who exploit these film classics to raise money for their insanity . be careful most of the time it's the direct hate only classics. if their scenario looks like they are glorifying it ,then its a nazi website skip it .go to ihf or german wartime films dot com, amazon dot dee or german video dot net. they are legitimate. 01/23/10 mada a mistake it wasn't herbert's friend that got killed at the church . it was malte yager's character's friend schartzscop.

one would have to be very jaded indeed not to be swept up into this gem of a film (and i've seen hundreds of hindi and bollywood movies, too). the actors, the beautiful settings, locations, and surroundings, the deep emotions portrayed, the sweet songs (especially the singing voice of udit narayan, my favorite) -- everything was just lovely. the human (imperfect) element was also woven in, to create some drama and drive the plot, as well as allowing a heartfelt resolution. alok nath is such a terrific actor, so open with the emotions of the characters he portrays, he almost steals the show from the young stars. i highly recommend this film to anyone who loves true romances -- ones that go beyond superficial beauty to real love -- as one of the best films out there, hindi or otherwise!

i watched this movie alongwith my complete family of nine. since my younger brother has recently got married, we could connect with the goings-on. the movie stands out for the classical touch given to the romance of the engaged couple. thankfully this time all indian locales like ranikhet almora etc have been used, which have been already visited by most of the urbanites, hence adding to the connection with movie. the dialogues are much better than those in the "umrao jaan ada" - a supposedly dialogue based movie. the background music is augmenting the "soft focus" of the movie. it somehow remind me of vv chopra's "kareeb", in which neha and to some extent bobby did full justice to the character. same here, in that the lead pair does not disappoint in any department-looks or acting. the supporting cast are too good. i rate the actress playing the role of bhabhi in the front league. the situations of family interactions portrayed are real and you smile when you find yourself in place of one of the characters. songs were too suiting the scenes and going along well with the movie. however, though i respect ravindra jain for his body of work from movies to ramayana, i missed ram laxman badly.it had no double entendres(sivan category), no bikinis, no intrigue, and no nonsense. you would comfortably watch the movie with your parents except if you're already or going to be soon engaged. i want to express on candid thing here that though suraj proposes that the marriages is between families and not only individuals, his approach is totally individualistic. the movie is only about prem & poonam, rest of the characters are incidental. art immitating life? the "peripheral characters" are consigned to the background and the only protagonists are the lead pair. coming back, everything was almost great. except, for the drama part. the situation of tragedy was artificially created. the outcome, the sacrifice and the ensuing heart change are not compelling at all. that is why it lacks the emotional punch-the very purpose of this turn of events. but, a twist in the tale was necessary to transcend the movie from a beautiful pre-marital video to a 'feature film'. but i kept waiting for the punch and it never came. the preaching by mohnish bahal and later by alok nath on dowry was out of place and it made things too overboard. may be this will help the movie a tax-free status. but the plot could have been made more interesting and non-linear than what it was.there were too question in my mind when the movie ended: 1 has the movie really ended? 2 has the movie ended?

this is one of the best bollywood movies i have seen up until now. family and friends feel the same way about it. this movie is really romantic and dramatic at the same time. in my opinion we need more films or movies like this to keep the south asian culture alive. shahid kapoor and amrita rao acted extremely well in this, also their couple attracts a lot of people to the movies. this is a must see movie, it's a family and romantic movie. this movie is also from the makers of hum saath saath hain and hum apke hain kon. this movie is their best right now... the setting of the movie was beautiful which also is a huge attraction. this movie is must see... recommended to everyone!!

well... vivah is quite a good, but typical sooraj barjatya's movie. it shows different aspects of indian families, wedding ceremonies, etc. the movie is more than good, but not extremely good.the big plus point of the movie is direction, music and shahid and amrita's acting (especially the last scene). the movie starts with a common factor of indian movie--- a girl being disliked by her step-mother. story is the movie is a bit common, but it is good, good enough to make the movie a blockbuster.minus point is common story of bollywood movie. overall i would say it is two times must watch movie, if you want to see typical indian family values and of-course love!

i thought this movie was really really great because, in india cinemas nowadays, all you see is skin, music, and bad acting...in this movie, you can see some tradition, ethnicity, and at least some decency...although some parts were a little dramatic, guess what? that is what indian cinema is all about! after watching this movie, at least you don't get a headache from all the loud overrated music, or any violence, its just the truth, it teaches about love, and of course caring for the person you love throughout life...i think it was an amazing movie...kids can watch it without a doubt, and adults will enjoy the simplicity that used to be india's sure profoundness...until all these rap hits, miniskirts, and skin showing became a part of it.

i can honestly say i never expected this movie to be good. i do not like family films. i am far from a fan of shahid kapoor. the director's last movie (mpkdh was complete stupidity. and the music was very boring and bland. but there was amrita rao, who has become my favorite after main hoon na. there was also seema biswas, alok nath, and anupam kher who are very talented. so a few plus points.i finally saw the movie and i was very impressed. he brings us the young lovers of mpk with a pinch of the hahk wedding, and we have a winner. the story outline is similar to hahk, light hearted in the beginning to serious mode at the end. the director also made character that you could relate to. the thing i did not like about hahk was that the characters were too eccentric. the casting adds to its perfection. shahid kapoor surprised me with a good performance. this is a major improvement, and most importantly he suits the role. the best is easily amrita rao. in fact, this is her best performance. her screen presence is so electrifying, you are bound to love her performance. sameer soni, amrutha prakash, anupam kher, alok nath and seema biswas are terrifically cast. not one actor feels out of place. the songs were quite disappointing but they will sound better after watching them. mujhe haq hai and do anjaane ajnabi are nice ballads. milan abhi aada adhura hai is also nice in watching. the songs aren't colorful and dancey, and they are more like ballads. the exception is hamari shaadi mein which is bound to remind you of hssh and hahk. so what was the flaw in the movie? the movie gets quite slow, and the ending is quite stretched. but the movie is still goes at a good pace, making it a perfect family film.

suraj barjatya is best in movies on marriage. and here he is; back to his basics on vivaah. as the story goes this is a story from engagement to marriage. a movie you can watch with your entire family around you. a movie you will hate watching alone. the story is simple, but the music is good, cinematography is excellent, direction is best, everything about the movie has a class of its own. there are a lot of scenes which will make you cry and am sure if you are watching the movie with your sweetheart, you both are definitely going to hold each others hand till the end of the movie.shahid & amrita jodi has given us hit movies earlier like ishq vishq, & shikhar. though shikhar was a good movie it wasn't accepted well by the public.a truly shahid & amrita film.

i had lost faith in sooraj r. barjatya after the movie main prem ki deewani hoon, then a year back now i saw promos for vivah which looked good. but i didn't want to waste my hard earned money watching it in cinema. when the film first came out on dvd i rented it and watched and i loved the movie and took back my words for sooraj. i just finished watching it yesterday again and this time i thought i have to review this movie. sooraj r. barjatyagot it right this time, okay i was not a huge fan of hum app ke hai kaun. but i have always loved manie pyar kiya, after manie pyar kiya to me i think vivah is barjatyas best work. i hardly ever cry in a movie but this movie made me feel like crying. if you have ever been in love before then there will be many moments that will touch you in this movie, the movie is just too sweet and will have you falling in love with it, my view a much underrated movie.the story of this movie you might call desi and very old times, but to me it seemed modern because the two couples which are getting an arrange marriage are aware it's an old tradition. it's done in present times, lots of people don't believe in this arrange marriage, but i do. the journey between the engagement and wedding which will always be special and this movie shows it clearly. when prem meets poonam for the first time, they show it how it is and that's reality and my parents where saying that's how they got married and it showed it in a way which is so real yes people the way prem and poonam meet in this movie is how most marriages happen. it was a very sweet, you feel nervous yet excited, the song "do ajnabe" shows that very well. getting back to the story yes it's a journey which you soon get glued to between prem and poonam (shahid kapoor and amrita rao) and there families. a twist occurs in this movie which is really good, the last 30mins you all will be reaching for the tissue box.what makes this film so amazing is the chemistry between prem and poonam, how they fall for each other is too sweet. simple boy and simple girl, when they first meet during and after the song "do anjane ajnabe" it's very sweet to watch, she hardly says anything and prem does all the talking being honest with her about his past and the girl he liked and him smoking. then it leads on to them all having a family trip and then that's when they really do fall for each other. it makes you just want to watch the couple and watch all the sweet moments they have. another factor is that poonam chichi is really mean to her and you feel sorry for poonam because she has been treated bad and makes you want to see her happy and when she finally finds happiness, you too start feeling happy with her the movie basically makes you fall in love with poonam more then just prem. when she finds happiness through prem you want her to stay happy and also hope nothing goes wrong because the character is shown as a sweet simple girl. which brings me to performances and amrita roa as poonam is amazing in the movie, her best work till date you will fall in love with this innocent character and root her on to find happiness. shahid kapoor as prem is amazing too, he is poonam support in the film, he is her happiness the movie, together they share an amazing chemistry and i have never seen a cuter couple since srk and kajol. if ishq vishk didn't touch you to telling you how cute they are together this surely will. "mujhe haq hai" the song and before that is amazing chemistry they show. scenes which touched me was when prem takes poonam to his room and shows her that's where they will be staying and he opens her up and they have a moment between them which is too sweet. again if you have ever been in love with someone that much these scenes you can defiantly connect to. the film is just the sweetest thing you will see ever.the direction is spot on, to me a good movie is basically something that can pull me in and stop me believe for this hours what is being seen here is fake and there is a camera filing them. to me this film pulled me in and for those three hours i felt really connected to the movie. the songs you will only truly like when you have seen the movie as they are songs placed in the situation after i saw the movie i been playing the songs non stop! the music is amazing, the story is simply amazing too what more can i ask for?what i can finally say it, rarely do we get a movie that makes us feel good, this movie after you have seen it will make you feel really good and make you want to be a better person. its basically the sweetest journey ever, its basically showing you they journey between engagement and marriage and many people say it's the bestest part of your lifewell this movie actually shows you way do people actually say that? why do people actually say that the journey is just that amazing! watch this movie and you will find out why the journey is amazing!

vivah is in my book the best movie of 2006 ! period !!. in my book it is one of the best 100 movies ever made in bollywood. its sad that this movie doesn't have that many reviews and isn't having that much popularity. vivah is once again a true achievement from a director who does it again. after hahk and maine pyar kiya sooraj has once again pulled off a brilliant one vivah. this is the most simple and cute movies that i've seen this year. after seeing don 2 which was crap and later dhoom 2 which even beat don in that matter, i finally see a movie which is so close to my heart and my culture.i don't know why bollywood is moving away from the beautiful culture which we have and are making hollywood remake style crap movies like dhoom 2 and don. the story is beautiful and relates much to the indian system of arranged marriage which i too would like to be a part of. our system which teaches us to obey elders, follow them and of course obey their thoughts is so brilliantly shown in this movie!. of course there isn't any force in choosing your life partner and it should be a brief meeting between the couple and its up to them to decide as it is brilliantly shown in this movie. coming back to the movie.....vivah is a story of journey between the beautiful period of engagement and marriage. the phase where the guy meets the girl !....both understand each other ..both try to assess if they could love each other for seven generations (as our system says) and the various which occur during marriages.amrita rao is brilliant in the movie.......shahid is ok.....and alok nath and anupam kher are awesome !! the songs are brilliant. ! i especially like the hamari shaadi main hafte reh gye chaar and do anjaane ajnabi ......overall a must see for anyone who still believes in the indian culture and tradition and i certainly do !.go see this movie......i just have to say one word.......bliss !.

this movie is a great attempt towards the revival of traditional indian values which are being replaced by western ones.its a joint family story showing all the ethics every person should follow while communicating with every single relative around.shahid kapoor gives a gr88 performance as a desi about to tie knot with amrita rao who is also very desi and she also acts pretty well...the genre of the movie is the same as hahk and such movies deserve to be made in india for the revival of old traditional values...the movies doesn't get 10 as it isn't very good at music which counts a lot in every movie,besides this it is flawless....

i can't believe currently this movie is rated a 6.9. anyway this movie was probably one of the most touching real indian movies i have ever seen. it was really refreshing to see a movie that showed traditional family cinema. as for the story i thought it was great it was about shahid kapur being set up on an arranged marriage with amrita rao. he is kind of a happy go lucky kind of guy, while amrita rao is a traditional indian girl who is very helpful to her uncle but the only problem is her cousin doesn't seem to get as much attention as she does so her aunt dislikes amrita with a passion. this upsets amrita because she just wants her aunt to love her. it was also very touching to see that although amrita's family wasn't that rich maybe just middle class to lower class, while shahids family was quite upper class, they still treated their family with respect and didn't even ask put them down which really struck a nerve with me. this is because i've actually seen people being very rude to people who are not as well of thinking their below their standards which i feel is very shallow. this movie showed that shahids family was willing to look at the great values that amrita had been brought up with and turned a blind eye to the fact she wasn't a rich business tycoons daughter or anything. all in all this movie deserved an 8/10 i wish more and more of these kind of movies were made.

saxophonist ronnie bowers (dick powell) wins a studio contract and goes to hollywood. he stays at hollywwod hotel (of course). at the same time big egotistical star mona marshall (lola lane) has a tantrum and refuses to attend the premiere of her new picture. in a panic the studio hires lookalike virginia (rosemary lane) to impersonate her and have bowers take her to the premiere not telling him it's not marshall. naturally they fall in love. you can pretty much figure out the rest of the plot yourself.the plot is old (to put it nicely) but powell and rosemary lane make a very likable pair and have beautiful singing voices. the score is good (highlighted by "hooray for hollywood") and director busby berkeley shows off his unique visuals in a really fun drive-in musical sequence (with edgar kennedy doing his patented slow burn). also glenda farrell has a few funny bits as monas sister jonesie.still the movie isn't that good. the rest of the cast mugs ferociously and most of the humor is just not funny. lola lane especially is just lousy trying to play mona for comedy. also there is racism--a stereotypical black maid is played for laughs and there's some truly appalling racist "humor" at one point. that's probably what keeps this off tv most of the time. i realize it was accepted at the time but it comes across as revolting today.all in all a so-so movie with some serious problems helped by a good cast and some great songs. i give it a 7.

when we talk hollywood hotel we could be talking about one of three things, the actual hotel, the radio program, and this film which was partially inspired by the first two. dick powell was the host of the hollywood hotel program on cbs radio network in which louella parsons dished out the weekly scoop on the stars.powell and parsons debuted the hollywood hotel program in 1934 so by 1937 it had its fair share of the radio audience. powell hosted, sang, and kibitzed with louella and her movie star guests. with the power she had with her column, she was able to get the various stars to go on and plug their latest films for nothing.then the american federation of radio artists stepped in and demanded she pay wages accordingly and they won the case. that ended the hollywood hotel program in 1938. of course both powell and louella went on to other radio venues. the whole story is covered in the tony thomas book, the films of dick powell.but before the plug was pulled this film came out from powell's home studio of warner brothers inspired by the radio program. powell plays a singer/saxophonist with the benny goodman band who gets signed to a hollywood contract. but when he gets out to hollywood he gets himself tangled up with an egotistical film star lola lane, her lookalike double real life sister rosemary lane, and a ham actor in alan mowbray.when mowbray is called upon to sing in a civil war epic he's making with lola lane, it's powell's voice they use. then mowbray develops a lina lamont problem when he's asked to go on the hollywood hotel radio program, broadcast from the hollywood hotel. that's got the studio in a tizzy. let's say the problem isn't solved the way it is singing in the rain, but powell's manager ted healy proves to be resourceful.richard whiting and johnny mercer provide a really nice score for the film. the big hit song comes right at the beginning as the benny goodman band with scat singing johnnie davis sing hollywood's anthem, hooray for hollywood. my favorite however is powell and rosemary lane singing, i'm like a fish out of water. just listening to johnny mercer's lyrics about ginger rogers running the brooklyn dodgers or sally rand without her fan, it's a compendium of american popular culture in the thirties.busby berkeley does the choreography here and while the film doesn't have the soaring imaginary stuff that his earlier work with warner brothers has, the numbers are well staged. berkeley's big moment is in a drive-in eatery where powell and healy have been forced to take jobs. the number starts with benny goodman broadcasting from the hollywood hotel doing let that be a lesson to you and then at the drive-in powell, lane and the entire place start joining in song to the exasperation of owner edgar kennedy. and you know what you can expect from edgar kennedy exasperation.benny goodman gets to show why he was named the king of swing when the band with drummer gene krupa and xylophonist lionel hampton as part of his ensemble. that together with frances langford singing as well. and possibly the last surviving cast member of the group was a fellow who had a small bit as a radio announcer. he died in 2004, but not before he became the 40th president of the united states. ronald reagan always credited dick powell and pat o'brien as being the two guys on warner brothers who were the most helpful to an eager young player looking to make his mark.hollywood hotel is one delightful and entertaining motion picture, dated, but charmingly so.

"hollywood hotel" has relationships to many films like "ella cinders" and "merton of the movies" about someone winning a contest including a contract to make films in hollywood, only to find the road to stardom either paved with pitfalls or non-existent. in fact, as i was watching it tonight, on turner classic movies, i was considering whether or not the authors of the later musical classic "singing in the rain" may have taken some of their ideas from "hollywood hotel", most notably a temperamental leading lady star in a movie studio and a conclusion concerning one person singing a film score while another person got the credit by mouthing along on screen."hollywood hotel" is a fascinating example of movie making in the 1930s. among the supporting players is louella parsons, playing herself (and, despite some negative comments i've seen, she has a very ingratiating personality on screen and a natural command of her lines). she is not the only real person in the script. make-up specialist perc westmore briefly appears as himself to try to make one character resemble another.this film also was one of the first in the career of young mr. ronald reagan, playing a radio interviewer at a movie premiere. reagan actually does quite nicely in his brief scenes - particularly when he realizes that nobody dick powell is about to take over the microphone when it should be used with more important people.dick powell has won a hollywood contract in a contest, and is leaving his job as a saxophonist in benny goodman's band. the beginning of this film, by the way, is quite impressive, as the band drives in a parade of trucks to give a proper goodbye to powell. they end up singing "hooray for hollywood". the interesting thing about this wonderful number is that a lyric has been left out on purpose. throughout the johnny mercer lyrics are references to such hollywood as max factor the make-up king, rin tin tin, and even a hint of tarzan. but the original song lyric referred to looking like tyrone power. obviously jack warner and his brothers were not going to advertise the leading man of 20th century fox, and the name donald duck was substituted. in any event the number showed the singers and instrumentalists of goodman's orchestra at their best. so did a later five minute section of the film, where the band is rehearsing.powell leaves the band and his girl friend (frances langford) and goes to hollywood, only to find he is a contract player (most likely for musicals involving saxophonists). he is met by allen joslyn, the publicist of the studio (the owner is grant mitchell). joslyn is not a bad fellow, but he is busy and he tends to slough off people unless it is necessary to speak to them. he parks powell at a room at the hollywood hotel, which is also where the studio's temperamental star (lola lane) lives with her father (hugh herbert), her sister (mabel todd), and her sensible if cynical assistant (glenda farrell). lane is like jean hagen in "singing in the rain", except her speaking voice is good. her version of "dan lockwood" is one "alexander dupre" (alan mowbray, scene stealing with ease several times). the only difference is that mowbray is not a nice guy like gene kelly was, and lane (when not wrapped up in her ego) is fully aware of it. having a fit on being by-passed for an out-of-the ordinary role she wanted, she refuses to attend the premiere of her latest film. joslyn finds a double for her (lola's real life sister rosemary lane), and rosemary is made up to play the star at the premiere and the follow-up party. but she attends with powell (joslyn wanting someone who doesn't know the real lola). this leads to powell knocking down mowbray when the latter makes a pest of himself. but otherwise the evening is a success, and when the two are together they start finding each other attractive.the complications deal with lola coming back and slapping powell in the face, after mowbray complains he was attacked by powell ("and his gang of hoodlums"). powell's contract is bought out. working with photographer turned agent ted healey (actually not too bad in this film - he even tries to do a jolson imitation at one point), the two try to find work, ending up as employees at a hamburger stand run by bad tempered edgar kennedy (the number of broken dishes and singing customers in the restaurant give edgar plenty of time to do his slow burns with gusto). eventually powell gets a "break" by being hired to be dupre's singing voice in a rip-off of "gone with the wind". this leads to the final section of the film, when rosemary lane, herbert, and healey help give powell his chance to show it's his voice, not mowbrays.it's quite a cute and appealing film even now. the worst aspects are due to it's time. several jokes concerning african-americans are no longer tolerable (while trying to photograph powell as he arrives in hollywood, healey accidentally photographs a porter, and mentions to joslyn to watch out, powell photographs too darkly - get the point?). also a bit with curt bois as a fashion designer for lola lane, who is (shall we say) too high strung is not very tolerable either. herbert's "hoo-hoo"ing is a bit much (too much of the time) but it was really popular in 1937. and an incident where healey nearly gets into a brawl at the premiere (this was one of his last films) reminds people of the tragic, still mysterious end of the comedian in december 1937. but most of the film is quite good, and won't disappoint the viewer in 2008.

i liked this movies. its a another yash raj film which you know will look good on screen, all character are always nice or very nice with one exception who you know will eventually covert to being nice... another rule of yash raj's film is that either hero or heroine;s have only one or none parent. think back to all of those films.. mpk suman didn't have mom, hmapk salman didn't have parents, and final rule is that you are 90% likely to see alock nath crying...the film is good too. its a bit slow at first but keeps you entertained. there is almost no comedy but it does make you smile often enough. the little kid (hero's nephew) is well placed and deliver very good one liners. the actress is very pretty but shy you wouldn't get that in real life. this film doesn't have massively big happy families living in big house which i thou was a good idea and allowed the film to be differentiated from other films. there will be lots of women crying at the end of the film. there isn't a strong message from this film but its a good watch. if you are married (arranged marriage)the film will remind you of what you went through. and if you are not it will inform and may be scare you ...overall a very good looking film. no big plots or twists but a very gentle film, very much like bollywood classic.

"hollywood hotel" is a fast-moving, exuberant, wonderfully entertaining musical comedy from warners which is sadly overlooked. it should be remembered if only for providing the official theme song of tinseltown -- "hooray for hollywood." the score by richard whiting and johnny mercer has a number of other gems, however, including the charming "i'm like a fish out of water," and "silhouetted in the moonlight." the best musical number is "let that be a lesson to you," in which dick powell and company detail the misadventures of people who found themselves "behind the eight-ball," a fate which literally befalls slow-burning edgar kennedy at the number's end. the picture celebrates hollywood glamour and punctures it all at once, as it gets a lot of comic mileage out of pompous and ego-maniacal actors and duplicitous studio executives. the cast includes a gaggle of great character comedians--allyn joslyn as a crafty press agent, ted healy as dick powell's would-be manager, fritz feld as an excitable restaurant patron, glenda farrell as mona marshall's sarcastic gal friday, edgar kennedy as a put-upon drive-in manager, mabel todd as mona's goofy sister, and hugh herbert as her even goofier dad. the "racist" element mentioned in another review here is a ten-second bit where herbert appears in black-face during a pseudo-"gone with the wind" sequence. it's in questionable taste, but it shouldn't prevent you from seeing the other delights in this film, notably the benny goodman quartet (including teddy wilson and lionel hampton!) in what i believe is the only footage available on this incredible jazz combo. the "dark eyes" sequence goes on a bit too long and comes in too late, but otherwise "hollywood hotel" is a gem, well worth your time and certainly a film which should be considered for dvd release.

it is nice to see suraj barjatya back at what he is best at.a story woven around a marriage.it feels nice to have a movie in which there is no single scene which you would avoid watching with your family. though the story is simple and does not contain any new elements,you still like the movie,because of the presentation, performances,and actually the over all treatment. hats off to suraj.. the movie is about the fact that engagement leads to love. the depiction of the changes in the way of thinking,behaving once you get engaged is excellent. director has definitely given it much thought and actors have done it to perfection.though the movie is slow,you don't mind it,because you kind of get so much involved with the story that you just wanna continue watching the joy of this newly engaged couple. as a typical rajshree stuff it has many sentimental scenes which are highly likely to make viewer burst into tears(specially ladies). but when you come out of the cinema hall you are very much satisfied and feel that the ticket was worth :-).

vivah in my opinion is the best movie of 2006, coming from a director that has proved successful throughout his career. i am not too keen in romantic movies these days, because i see them as "old wine in a new bottle" and so predictable. however, i have watched this movie three times now...and believe me it's an awesome movie.vivah goes back to the traditional route, displaying simple characters into a sensible and realistic story of the journey between engagement and marriage. the movie entertains in all manners as it can be reflected to what we do (or would do) when it comes to marriage. in that sense sooraj r. barjatya has done his homework well and has depicted a very realistic story into a well-made highly entertaining movie.several sequences in this movie catch your interest immediately: * when shahid kapoor comes to see the bride (amrita rao) - the way he tries to look at her without making it too obvious in front of his and her family. the song 'do anjaane ajnabi' goes well with the mood of this scene.* the first conversation between shahid and amrita, when he comes to see her - i.e. a shy shahid not knowing exactly what to talk about but pulling of a decent conversation. also amrita's naive nature, limited eye-contact, shy characteristics and answering softly to shahid's questions.* the emotional breakdown of amrita and her uncle (alok nath) when she feeds him at shahid's party in the form of another's daughter-in-law rather than her uncle's beloved niece.clearly the movie belongs to amrita rao all the way. the actress portrays the role of poonam with such conviction that you cannot imagine anybody else replacing her. she looks beautiful throughout the whole movie, and portrays an innocent and shy traditional girl perfectly.shahid kapoor performs brilliantly too. he delivers a promising performance and shows that he is no less than salman khan when it comes to acting in a sooraj r. barjatya film. in fact shahid and amrita make a cute on-screen couple, without a shadow of doubt. other characters - alok nath (excellent), anupam kher (brilliant), mohan joshi (very good).on the whole, vivah delivers what it promised, a well made and realistic story of two families. the movie has top-notch performances, excellent story and great music to suit the film, as well as being directed by the fabulous sooraj r. barjatya. it's a must see!

this movie brings back many memories of the classic cinema of old, where actors didn't have to take their clothes off to make viewers watch their film.firstly i think the main plus point of this movie is the amazing chemistry between shahid and amrita, it is definitely the making of the film.i have seen lots of comments regarding the film being sickly sweet and overly slushy. in response to this, i think to a certain degree this is a correct analysis, however considering this is a barjatya film i think that compared to mpk, hahk, hssh and mpkdh, it has been toned down significantly. hssh was almost unbearable to watch in some places.in this film however, when the sentimental moments come along, you find yourself smiling, wishing the budding couple all the best and hoping that nothing bad happens to them.another major plus point is the performances of shahid and amrita. both have acted very well, especially shahid who looks great in the film. amrita looks simply stunning and should be taken seriously as a future major star.although i really enjoyed the film as a whole, i do feel that it was too long. some of the middle could have been trimmed off and it would maybe made even more of an impact. i also think the music, although it fits into the film when you see the situations is slightly old fashioned and the movie could have benefited if a more up-to-date soundtrack had been available. although the picturisation of the songs mujhe haq hain and hamari shaadi mein are wonderful.all in all, i definitely recommend this film, its romantic, looks stunning and has a dramatic climax (i won't go into details, just in case you haven't seen it.ps. if you're prone to crying-take a tissue! (i needed several)

spoilers contained in order to make a observation.twenty years on from 1984, this film speaks loads about prince's future in the music industry.there is a scene that sums up prince's musical output of the last 10 years perfectly, which is if you took the best two songs off his last 10 albums you would have one fantastic album!the scene plays like this. prince runs off to his dressing room after playing one song and the owner of the club enters the dressing room to give prince an earful about his fall from grace during the 90's and putting out albums that only the most hardcore fans would be able to tolerate and support his artistry.club owner- "you're not packing them like you used to. the only person that digs your music is yourself!"spooky huh! how about the musical underscore which makes prince even more evil when he smacks apollonia to the ground in two separate scenes! it gave me chills that that was not the only scene women where mistreated in this film.i'm all for the comedy sparring's between morris day and jerome benton as these two stole every scene they were in. but what was funny about throwing a woman into a trash can? that was plain nasty! the other nasty bit was the chalk outline of prince's father on the floor thoughtfully provided by the minnieapolis police, which causes prince to go even more loony!! fantastic!!purple rain is an entertaining film overall, as it is the soundtrack of prince songs that boosts it's value by 110%. but then again the film gives us another theory on prince and his music, as the film tells us that prince's biggest song of the film is written by wendy, lisa and princes wife beating musical father!are prince and the filmmakers trying to tell us that prince stole all his best songs from his father after finding his fathers music sheets of written songs? maybe that is why prince started to run out of steam during the 90's because he ran out of his fathers ideas???...........hmmmm.....

purple rain is a great film if you are a 40-something music lover who partied to prince music in the 1980s. the story is a much-used formula: rising musical talent must overcome personal and professional hurdles to find his audience and self-respect. prince is a bad actor, but his performance, especially of purple rain/i would die 4 u make it worth sitting through the film. he is himself and as a showman, as powerful on stage as mick jagger or michael jackson, circa thriller. apollonia kotero, a former prince protégé, is beautiful and shows some acting talent and chemistry with prince, but her script doesn't let her far. morris day and other supporting actors provide comedic elements.

purple rain is so cool for the dad. we are tracking 921 callers from minneapolis. hudson horstachio prepares to ride a motorcycle , take a ride with franklin fizzlybear in the caddy. let's go back to 1984 , it was a movie released and prince tripped into stardom. you would think hudson horstachio will be a superstar for his new movie in 20th century fox movie called "vp : purple rain" , starring hudson horstachio (voiced by dan green , who played max's dad , the pokemon gym leader). 9 tracks. tina turner's private dancer and billy ocean's suddenly was headed for the album as prince held more concerts. it is time we've pulled the plug on the 1984 movies. our 20th century fox fans are not watching anymore. the kid yells out "look out for the deer!" is such a danger in mind , ralph schuckett will be composing and conducting the new movie called "vp : purple rain" released on video. tom cruise jumps into his motorcycle , brad pitt jumps into his motorcycle and hudson horstachio jumps into his motorcycle. thanks to bette midler from beaches and the keyboardists. you are beholding the heroic horstachio , hudson! bart is writing "i shall not watch purple rain" on the chalkboard , go on the bloomington ferry bridge and enjoy the kid's festivities. hudson horstachio is watching you!

bar some of the questionable acting (there musicians at the end of the day), this in the words of quentin tarrinno is "the best rock movie ever made...period"think 8 mile, but without the rapping - a young musician, trying to prove himself to the local community, whilst struggling to cope with a broken home and a rival band. throw in the sex interest and the truly exceptional performances, this is the real 8 mile.prince provides a solid performance, as does morris day and jerome benton. decent script, good direction, great plot, and spectacular performances. not forgetting the some of the best rock/pop/funk music you will ever hear.

and i really mean that. i caught it last night on vh1, and i was not expecting it to be so good. this is now one of my favorites. i must add that it has a killer soundtrack.

this film is outstanding and wonderfully scored. prince's oscar for music was richly deserved (many people don't know he won one). i think this is one of the best films to watch as a couple late at night on dvd. a great surprise: prince does a fine job acting, and is pretty good at conveying pain on camera. morris day, wendy, and lisa are good in their supporting roles. very cool landmark film.

our imp of the perverse did good his first time out, thats for sure. the music is the best you may ever hear by any human, but you already know that, unless you have no taste or have a brain that is too small to understand greatness. a poor script that doesn't flesh out much of a story, but at least it has its moments. the breathtaking concert stuff is worth seeing it. he deserved an oscar for this s**t, even though he was at times an ego driven twit, with his towering bodyguard chick huntsbery always in front. a movie that made non-fans fans, take it or leave it. prince does need to stay clear of acting in the future though. he takes himself way to serious. he is a genius musician, but pleaseee..just enjoy the ride, my purple maestro..peace.

i have to admit that purple rain is one of my deepest guilty pleasures. purple rain not only broke boundaries, it set a decade, the costumes, the music, the behavior, and the dancing! to this day, my friends and i still jam to the purple rain soundtrack and pretend to be prince and the revolution.now the movie itself, i just meant what i said in the title, because for the most part, this movie itself is made by the music. the acting? please don't let me judge on that since this is one of my favorite guilty pleasures, because i know that it was not oscar worthy by any means. but i think the duo that took this movie was morris and jarome, their speech about passwords was just beyond hilarious. i just want to rate this movie on the concert sequences because i felt that it was what made the movie.prince is a musical genius and created beautiful music. while the movie and acting is pretty bad, this movie is still a fun one to watch at night and even dance too. this movie defined the 80's, so just have fun with it. prince would want it that way, just to party on down! oh, boy, that sounded lame.9/10

when this movie first came out back in 1984, prince was one of the hottest acts around. everyone wanted to see this movie, which was not much more than a extended music video. the acting was pretty bad, but what can you expect from musicians acting on the big screen for the first time? despite that, it was still a very entertaining film! morris day and jerome benton provide some all time classic comedy, especially their rendition of "the password", which will make you think of abbott & costello doing their "who's on first" baseball routine.appolina (who went by a single name then) provided some beautiful breasts, so you had the brief nudity covered. plus, she is very attractive. and of course, the soundtrack of the album is one of the best prince ever recorded. prince later on had a fallout with warner bros. and changed his name, but at this particular time in his career, he was at the top of his game.this movie doesn't rank in the all time great category, but it is pretty entertaining.

this is one of the best movies to come from bollywood in years. certainly the best this year until now. indian to the core, the panoramic visuals, the heart-pleasing dialogs and the melodious and soft music make the movie an exceptional one. the apt depiction of indianvalues and culture makes the viewer search for his/her roots in them and invigorates the mind and spirit with a sense of pride and a new lease on life.this movie is for viewers who enjoy a call to their imagination and philosophical senses. if you like watching movies to get all your nerves excited through on-screen action, sex or terror, then this movie is not for you, because you will find that the movie is not full of 90 degrees twists in it. it is as simple a story for a movie as it can get. but that's exactly where the art of the movie lies. one gets a real life experience, and the best thing is, this experience is one full of values and hope. it is about the positive side of life, about the sweet things that god has showered on humans, as against the regressive movies that insist on showing dons, terrorists and underworlds. this is not about things and people that have gone bad. it is about the goodness that still persists, and that keeps the world running. of course, every genre of movies is respectable but it takes a lot of courage and talent to come up with a movie that swims against the current and tries to open the eyes of the public to the hidden realities and truths. having said that, here's more... the movie is the journey of a couple from their engagement to their arranged marriage - yes, that's right, it is an arranged marriage and the couple come to know each other only through their parents, and learn to love each other. the 6 month gap between engagement and marriage is a long time, not full of "enticing" happenings, but one that nurtures the growing love and devotion of the couple to each other. they learn together the importance of their relationship and of this invaluable period of their lives, and work to strengthen the bonds of marriage. but have these been strengthened enough? their relationship will face the test of not only time but also fortune. will they pass this test? that is what "vivah" is about.

i've recently went back and watched this movie again from not seeing it in years. when i first seen the movie i was too young to understand what the movie was about. now that i've seen it again i couldn't believe what i've missed all these years. for me being able to see movies for what they are, i think that this movie was great. most people feel as though the music are the best part, but i don't think that's true. most people don't realize how good the story is because it's judge by the acting. the truth of the matter is that no one in the movie were really trying to act rather they were just being themselves. the entire main cast were just playing themselves. they weren't trying to be anyone else, but themselves.i've actually watched and analyzed the work and effort put into the movie. now from my perspective, the situations shown in the movie are pretty much based on what actually went on musically in minneapolis at the time and it's most of the things that happen are actually true events that happened in prince's career and who can tell it better than him? the music that was coming from the city at the time was starting to be recognized and be revolutionary. it was interesting to see how the music was very influential mainly at the club "first avenue & 7th st entry" where in fact prince, among other musicians, got their career started. it's also a known fact that prince and morris day always had a competition with each other in real life, but it was a friendly competition. they were always friends. so the story basically plays off of that competition aspect of their rivalry rather than their friendship which shows the true competitive side of what occurred at club "first avenue" for it's time.another reason why this movie is good is due to the fact that some of the situations that occur in the movie are actually based on events that prince has gone through in his life with the music aspect and the personal. to me, this made the movie more realistic as far as the emotion because he's telling his trials and tribulations pre-superstardom. plus, his dedication he puts into his performances is phenomenal. prince made sure that every moment in the movie was done perfectly. anytime you hear a song play in the movie it's in perfect sync with the situation at hand.prince is in all a musical genius and he has proved it on many occasions. this movie is what really put prince on the map officially and he hasn't slowed down since. anyone who has watched this movie or still (unbelieveably) hasn't watched it yet, when you sit down and view this film you have have to watch it with intellect or you will miss the whole aspect of the movie. if you really love music this is definitely the movie to watch. above what anyone else says i think it's a great movie to watch and own.

'i only wanted to see you laughing in the purple rain.' this is an excell film. it should have been re-rated to pg-13. but anyways, prince's first film and greatest. the follow-up sucked. but i haven't seen for years so here's what i can remember about it. the kid (prince) has to juggle with winning over the love of his life, apollonia (herself), keeping his band together (the revolution as themselves) and the tension in his family. but his rival band (the time as themselves) is ruining his life. like morris (himself) is trying to steal apollonia from the kid. just like saturday night fever, flashdance and 8 mile. really good. rent it, laugh and cry and if you luv it, buy it.

i'll start by relating my first encounter with prince's music. it was in a bar, on my 39th birthday and a girl was dancing bare breasted to "1999" playing on the speakers. i asked people, who is this singer? i was told it was prince. it was so good that it distracted me from a beautiful, topless dancer. later i started hearing other prince songs and really "digging" them. when purple rain came out i still knew very little about this fellow minnesotan. the movie blew me away. i instantly became prince's no. 1 fan of the "war baby" generation. later i found out one of my cousins was his secretary, and she got me, and my nephew into a v.i.p. prince concert where we sat next to his mother...how cool is that! getting back to the topic at hand, i agree with siskel & ebert who called purple rain an instant classic. i have seen it over 17 times and absolutely love it. i thought prince's acting was fine, apollonia struggled a bit, but all in all the acting was fine. john gielgud was not available to play 'the kid' so prince took the role. the film is visually stunning, brilliantly paced (it never gets slow), and terrifically directed. i rank it among the best movie musicals of all time. the last time i watched it was after about a 7 year gap and it still delivered. i am so proud of fellow minnesotan prince rogers nelson and would love to tell him personally. he walked right in front of me during the above mentioned concert and said, "hi", to my nephew but not me. he was chatting with his mom. i was a bit crushed but he's still no. 1 with me.

i was to young to ever know much about prince but in the past few years i've seen a lot of purple rain novelty tee's and i thought they were cool but i didn't want to buy a shirt i knew nothing about. so one saturday it came on fuse and i decided to watch it. i didn't know what the movie was going to be about before i watched it but it was great once i found out. in the movie prince wasn't known as prince but as "the kid". all the performances where great to me but my favorite were purple rain, darling nicki, and i would die for you. all the songs tied into what was going on through out the movie when his mother and father were always fighting the song when doves cried described what he was feeling. i also like how clever prince was with the way he flirted with apallonia. i liked when prince and appallonia first met in the club and he stood behind her standing and then once she turned around he disappeared! great movie and now i cant even find one of those tee shirts :(

"purple rain" has never been a critic's darling but it is a cult classic - and deserves to be. if you are a prince fan this is for you.the main plot is prince seeing his abusive parents in himself and him falling in love with a girl. believe it or not this movie isn't just singing and dancing. there are many intense scenes and it is heartwarming. sometimes it comes off has funny but when it works it really works. very hit and miss.no one can really act in the film. everyone is from one of prince's side acts like "the time" and "vanity 6". still, it adds charm to the movie. when ever prince is on screen he lights it up and it fun to see him at his commercial peak. in conclusion, go and see this if you love prince like me. if you aren't a fan it'll make you one.

i don't care how many bad reviews purple rain gets, this movie rocks! excellent movie, has it all, great music(prince of coarse!), romance, and drama.this is really a very sad movie, very moving. i don't want to say to much more, i;m not into giving away the plot, but i will say this-the film is very realistic, there are so many romantic relationships that go through these problems, so many familys similiar to the one depicted in the film. i see this as being very realistic and being so real, makes the movie that much more moving. my generation loved this movie growing up, so many of us loved prince and there is alot to relate to for any teenager who has gone through similiar problems.that said, it's definetly not just a movie for teens, id recomend it to all age groups. and it's not all so dark, the movie has some great music, band performance scenes, and sexy fun scenes between prince and appelonia.

this is not as bad a movie as some reviewers, and as the summary at the imdb page for this movie, say it is. why? first is the fact that in 1984 the movie makers were daring enough to confront, as one of the plot elements, the issue of domestic violence -- so reviewers who complain about the plot are sadly missing one of the main points! second, without the plot element of prince's movie relationship with his abusive father, the musical climax wouldn't work as well as it does -- so those reviewers who say that only the music is good have, once again, missed one of the points -- specifically, why it is so good...because all of the music in this film has a plot element backdrop that makes the music more effective. third, give this movie a break! for first-time movie producers and director, this is just not that bad! there are far worse movies out there by accomplished movie people!! and last, the reviewers who say that the music is "good" have also missed the point -- check out the range of stylistic musical treatments, the variety, the musicianship, and the stage performance of prince -- truly one of a kind, going musically where no one else was going during the 1980's, and with a style seen in the work of other artists (clothes and movement: which costuming elements came first, michael jackson's or prince's? also, see if you can spot the splayed fingers sweeping in front of the eyes that prince does in this movie, long before quentin tarentino's "pulp fiction"). as the sum of its parts, not a bad movie at all.

this is the only movie i've seen prince in but it don't matter. and i thought he was only great at singing boy was i wrong. this is probably his best performance. the music is great. thats why it won the oscar in 1984 for best music to a movie (or something like that). now he has an oscar and grammies under his belt. although the cursing gets in the way with the film (just make sure no little kids or in the room). there isn't to much to say without revealing the plot. you should really go out and get this movie your collection isn't complete unless you got this movie in it. what else could i possibly say except for go and get this movie now!

i own this movie and have watched it several times throughout the years since it was released. prince doesn't stun us with his phenomenal acting style or anything, he's a musician and i feel like that is what he displayed here, he's just the best one to tell this story through influence. most of this movie is straightforward and teenish but that is the directors/writers fault, still it is a great movie with even better music. the principals and moral convictions in purple rain are quite strong and if more movies would rely on the basics we are taught as young children we would have a better all around environment seeing that art reflects life which reflects art.

the movie is okay, it has it's moments, the music scenes are the best of all! the soundtrack is a true classic. it's a perfect album, it starts out with let's go crazy(appropriate for the beginning as it's a great party song and very up-tempo), take me with u(a fun pop song...), the beautiful ones(a cheerful ballad, probably the closest thing to r&b on this whole album), computer blue(a somewhat angry anthem towards appolonia), darling nikki(one of the funniest songs ever, it very vaguely makes fun of appolonia), when doves cry(the climax to this masterpiece), i would die 4 u, baby i'm a star, and, of course, purple rain(a true classic, a very appropriate ending for this classic album) the movie and the album are both very good. i highly recommend them!

vivah is by no means a classic. however in the days of hardcore action, path-breaking special effects & complex plots (none of which bollywood has mastered yet), its quite refreshing to see a simple film like vivah. the story as we all know is a journey from a couple's first meeting to their eventual wedding after some coy moments and testing times. nothing more, nothing less. the music isn't quite in the same league as mpk or hahk but doesn't jar your senses either. two songs stood out for me - mujhe haq hai & do anjaane. while milan abhi aadha & hamaari shaadi were hummable. shahid performs sincerely & shows a lot of potential. its good to see him play something else but the "cool dude" he normally does. amrita is very sweet and plays the role of a docile small-town girl to perfection. alok nath, anupam kher & seema biswas are terrific supports and the rest of the cast does a reasonable job. suraj's direction is simple but effective. the movie's prime flaw is the slow pace which might test the patience of a lot of young viewers. but all in all a good, clean, decent family movie.

i love this movie!!! purple rain came out the year i was born and it has had my heart since i can remember. prince is so tight in this movie. i went to a special showing of purple rain last night and it was like a concert i was glad to see some true fans cause this movie is so undervalued, it is really one of the greatest movies of all time. the music is untouchable. the movie is about "the kid", played by prince, his family is dysfunctional, his band is the hottest act in town, and he has his eyes on the apollonia, an aspiring singer. there is no question why purple is my favorite color i can thank "the kid" for that. so if you have not seen this then you are need to asap. this is a classic - 4ever!

you can debate prince's acting talent, or even his choice to parody his own life in this film. there is no debate about his musical talent either then or now. he seems like a shadowy has-been twenty years later, but the music remains relevant and fantastic. having lived through the hype of this movie (graduated high school in'85) i can tell you that there was nothing bigger at the time. from tipper gore (al's wife) trying to censor "little nikki" and every thing else under the sun via the pmrc (parents music resource center) to every "air band" at the time impersonating prince, it was the absolute hottest thing out. for a few weeks at least, prince was bigger than madonna and michael jackson. we all waited for the film and were soooooo excited when it premiered. it didn't disappoint. everyone was caught up. i was an mtv junkie at the time(they actually played music then....all the time)prince played at least once or twice an hour. i must qualify this commentary by saying that, at that time, my favorites were billy idol, oingo boingo, the fixx, flock of seagulls and others in the punk/ new wave genre' the music of prince at the time transcended all types and styles. one of the reasons that some of it seems so cheesy and contrite now is that it was soooooooo big then. all the things that remind you of the 80's were iconic then. it was mainstream and it seems like a cliché' now. it got so popular that it became ridiculous. it's like the rappin' granny commercial for wendy's hamburgers. it looks stupid now because everyone was caught up in it (sadly, kind of like a bizarre purple macarena or something. anyway, i hope this gave you all a little insight.

purple rain... what else can i say, the title speaks for itself. but i think all the actors were well picked. the movie had a great story. i loved it! ever since i watched that movie, i've been stuck in the eighties, and i'm only 13! my favorite part of the movie was when his father died and he was picking up all of his music compositions, and the apollonia was sitting on the stairwell with his earing in her hand. critics say that its a drama but i think its more of a romance. murphy brown also did a great job in the movie, he actually acted like himself. i'm so glad i've seen this movie. the song purple rain, beautifully sung, was so heartfelt. i cried more than once.

it seemed as though the year 1984 was anything but the orwellian nightmare it was calculated to be with george orwell's science fiction novel!! 1984 turned out to be one of the happiest times in american history!! the upsurge in the economy, and a reemergence in basic american values, cultivated an idealistic aura of resumed innocence which was viewed by the american people with a very auspicious disposition!! there have been many ersatz renditions of classic movies in the past, but, the originals are almost always considered superior!! "purple rain" is such a movie in this category!! made in 1984, "purple rain" provided a doggerel of eighties, happy-go-lucky quality music, which they incorporated into the making of this excellent film!! certain artifacts indicative of the eighties are indeed classics!! screwball comedies, neon accented clothing, and of course, the music!! eighties music is considered by experts to be the best decade for music in american history!! set in minneapolis, "purple rain" accommodated the use of naive entertainment with the changing times of the city. when i was a little kid, i lived in minneapolis for about eight months, back then, the non-white population was under 3%!! by 1984, african americans had made some in roads into minneapolis, and, thus, they established a firmly embedded culture of their own as well!! the movie "purple rain" evokes an eighties style clothing, and music ensemble, which effortlessly captivated the movie audience!! i loved the music to "purple rain", and, the innovative approach this film takes to confrontational success, is indeed, brilliant!! see this movie if you have not seen it already!! prince became an eighties icon with this masterpiece!! for a short time, he dated kim bassinger, he must be doing something right!! "purple rain" put prince on the map!! this film gets my emphatically assertive verdict of thumbs up!!!!

ok, so it may not be the award-winning "movie of the year" type-film (apart from the brilliant soundtrack that i think won a few awards), but it is a really great film about 'the kid' (prince / o( take your pick) and the happenings around him living in minneapolis, playing his music. the music is absolutely superb, in my opinion you have to own this soundtrack, it is truly a classic and sums up the eighties sounds and feel in a wonderful fashion. and the movie itself plays out a nice plot, it's worth seeing over and over again, espeically if you like prince / o (which i do) of course.

prince stars as 'the kid' in this semi-autobiographical film of a talented, but narcissistic young musician who has a less then stellar home life. true the acting leaves a tad to be desired (barring morris day and especially clarence williams who are both pitch perfect), but the movie is still great and among the best to come out of the 1980s. it has the best soundtrack of any movie of the last 50 years at least, highly quotable lines, and the dumpster scene is hilarious!! plus apollonia is just simply stunning. on an unrelated not, when i saw prince in concert in 2004 he blew down the stadium. he is an expert showman and it was one of the best concerts that i've experienced.my grade: a dvd extras: disc 1) commentary with director albert magnoli, producer robert cavallo, & director of photography donald thorin; theatrical trailer; trailers for "under the cherry moon" and "grafitti bridge" disc 2) a 12 minute featurette on the first avenue club; "purple rain: bachstage pass (a half hour featurette on the movie which i'll review later on it's page); "riffs, raffs, and revolution: the impact and influence of purple rain" 10 minute featurette; 30 minutes of mtv's premiere footage (when mtv didn't suck donkey balls); 5 prince music videos (let's go crazy, take me with you, when doves cry, i would die 4 u/ baby i'm a star, and purple rain); 2 videos by the time (jungle love and the bird); and a music video for "sex shooter" by apollonia 6eye candy: apollonia shows her fine ass titties

this electrifying musical has more than a whiff of egotism from it's star, the musical genius that is prince. the film is 90 or so minutes of posing but in truth it is easy to see why it is such a cult classic.much like other films that centre around the struggling young musician trying to be big, this has a hint of drama in it to add a dimension to the musical numbers. while this film isn't as good as 8 mile as a recent example, this is entertaining none the less and the soundtrack is much better. on the dramatic side of things the story centres around the kid (prince) a young artist and regular spot at a club. the owner of the club is frustrated with the kid's arrogance and little does the kid know that he could soon be fired and replaced by a rival. one the side the kid's parents are having trouble, with his dad abusing her violently. during the course of the film the kid learns a few lessons in life, and learns to appreciate his friends more. it's all stuff we have seen in coming of age dramas of course, but this is combined as a musical, a very stylised musical.the cast are good. prince is actually quite good on the drama side, when he's not striking a pose. he seems human and relatable. clarence williams is very good as the abusive father as well. appollonia kotero makes a good debut as princes sexy love interest.the main strength of the movie however is the superb soundtrack. the musical numbers are well staged and electrifying. prince is no doubt a musical maestro, albeit very eccentric. when he is inspired he is great but on the flip side he will often do songs that are solely for his own taste, and occasionally his experimentation can miss-fire, but that is the same for many musical geniuses. the soundtrack for this film is excellent though, with only sexshooter being a weak point. the show-stopping performance of purple rain is the standout though. it is one of my all time favourite songs. ***

as a big-time prince fan of the last three to four years, i really can't believe i've only just got round to watching "purple rain". the brand new 2-disc anniversary special edition led me to buy it. wow, i was really looking forward to watching it, but i wasn't prepared for just how electric it actually is. prince's musical performances throughout the movie are nothing short of astounding - he really has the moves in this one. i am very familiar (from repeated listens) with the classic "purple rain" album and all its songs, but to see them in the context of the movie completely alters your perception of the tunes and lyrics - like computer blue, the beautiful ones, when doves cry and purple rain itself. there is something indescribably hypnotising about the scenes where prince and the revolution perform. the closing songs baby i'm a star and i would die for u show how much energy and sheer talent prince was brimming with in his mid-20s (he's overflowing!), it blew me away. it even makes michael jackson seem inanimate even in his peak years.prince shows you how to win the girl of your dreams - drive her to a lake, make her jump in, then drive off - absolutely hilarious stuff in hindsight.some of the scenes are very 1980s and unintentionally hilarious but this adds to the film's overall charm. morris day is the coolest cat on the block (and hilarious), and when his group the time perform the bird you get to see morris day and jerome benton light up the stage minneapolis funk style - i love their dancing in this bit, and how benton provides morris with a mirror mid-performance.i already can't wait to watch it again, i really can't! extras are terrific - particularly seeing a young eddie murphy pre-beverly hills cop admit he is a "prince groupie".

a much undervalued film that tells the story of a young musician caught in an ever-declining spiral of domestic violence.at times difficult to watch, while morris day is portrayed as the misogynist, prince as the knight on (motorcycle) steed, he is still called upon to twice beat a woman as part of the screenplay. that he can do this and still emerge as a flawed but vindicated hero is credit to the writing. prince is so free of ego in this film that not only does he portray himself as a narcissistic megalomaniac who beats women, but his most famous song is fictionalised as being written by his father and wendy & lisa. even further, two of his compositions - computer blue (admittedly the album's weakest track) and darling nikki - are shown as being songs that kill off an audience. perhaps the only concession to the princely ego is a card that lists the (slightly shorter than prince) apollonia as 5'6.the nearly complete-amateur cast are mainly band members playing themselves (and reviewers who slate the actors on the terms that they've never appeared in other movies are completely missing the point), and do perfectly well under the direction. morris day gets most of the plaudits for his likable ham, though jerome benton must also get credit for bouncing off him well, particularly their stage act, which is hilarious. day and benton even go so far as to make an abbott and costello routine funny, which takes some doing.lastly, there's prince. while i admit to bias, i do actually think he's a pretty good actor in terms of being able to portray a low-key version of himself. acting isn't his profession, this was a film made for entertainment, so anyone pointing out that the guy in the lead role isn't robert deniro and thinking they're making a point is sadly deluded. i don't want this review to be a derisory attack of other people's comments, but i've even this film slated as having a low budget and being darkly lit. how would a film about domestic violence be shot, then? with full overhead spotlights and a cgi dinosaur walking into frame? the film acts almost as a perfect snapshot of the neon light and skinny tie era until you remember that it was actually made in a world of curly perms and tinny synths, and this isn't some retro-recreation. prince's best film with oscar-winning music, it sees him at his zenith, and it's saddening to realise that, even though he would make some fine albums, he would never again capture this high.

all the talent mr. sooraj barjatya showed in his first 3 movies, i thought were all an accident because his 4th one main prem ki diwani hoon was so bad. but i have to say it wasn't an accident. this guy is talented and the way he has done vivah is just brilliant. right from the first scene it affects you. the sequences between shahid and amrita are awesome. the chemistry between these two actors gives glimpses of that between srk and kajol. as usual alok nath as the good and loving father is fantastic, so is anupam kher. but its a shahid-amrita film.amrita looks good in most scenes though shahid does look a little young to get married but he does a good job of a shy but yet morally strong groom. this movie will especially be liked by those who has gone through such beautiful moments in their life. all in all a brilliant film. hats off to mr. sooraj barjatya...

my comments for vivah :- its a charming, idealistic love story starring shahid kapoor and amrita rao. the film takes us back to small pleasures like the bride and bridegroom's families sleeping on the floor, playing games together, their friendly banter and mutual respect. vivah is about the sanctity of marriage and the importance of commitment between two individuals. yes, the central romance is naively visualized. but the sneaked-in romantic moments between the to-be-married couple and their stubborn resistance to modern courtship games makes you crave for the idealism. the film predictably concludes with the marriage and the groom, on the wedding night, tells his new bride who suffers from burn injuries: "come let me do your dressing"v i v a h - showcases a lot of good things - beauty of arranged marriage, beauty of indian culture, beauty of indian woman, last but not least a nice idealism of the about-to-be-couple waiting to get married .... playing by the rules ! simple yet beautiful; such a simple story .... no plot ... no villain - as is the case with most of sooraj barjatya films. sooraj sir is back to what he does best. he has made the movie with full conviction. its a very sweet film - which teaches the current generation a lot of good things bout arranged marriage & the union of 2 families. i think amrita rao - looks very good & she has acted very well. she has most of the good scenes - although i thought the last half hour was completely to shahid kapur - who for a change gives an awesomely restrained performance. i also liked the acting of all others for ex. the choti i.e. amrita prakash, alok nath, anupam kher, shahid's bro & sis-in-law. it almost seemed as real and recognizable as it could. sooraj sir has got another nice family film to his credit after maine pyar kiya, hahk & hum saath saath hain. the chemistry between shahid & amrita is awesome.stuff like sanctity in a marriage/relationship, avoiding courtship, mutual respect, care & space, waiting for getting married "officially", praying/sacrficing for ur beloved - all these and more get showcased in vivah. there's still some good audience who r going & enjoying this film. some of the folks/audience are already excited after seeing, that they r thinking bout arranged-marriage :) thats success if you ask me. it seems amrita rao - our actress-from-vivah {result for a nice performance} has been bestowed the prestigious dadsaheb phalke award for 2006 !! hats off to her for this achievement chalo, even though vivah , shahid or amrita didn't get any of the film-fare & other awards; @ least this is news to cheer about !! congrats to amrita rao- for showing us a visual of indian bride-to-be in the purest form and of course to sooraj barjatya for portraying her the best way :) shudn't forget shahid kapur and all others who make vivah as sweet and legendary as it is today !! imagine, to share the same pedestal as the legendary dilip kumar .......... its no mean achievement !! congrats to amrita rao - for taking her career to another level with this award .... i personally feel - she should keep doing movies only with shahid kapur !! they make a cute couple and their on-screen chemistry reminds me of {srk-kajol} or {aamir khan & juhi chawla} ................. some points that i observed,few of the elements :- #1 if u notice carefully, amrita rao looks so good because shes always wearing traditional dresses. she gives every bit of the indian woman essence - in this film !! perfect fit #2 shahid kapur is like most of us - not exactly ready for marriage or early-marriage .... but prem listens carefully to the step-wise talk given by his dad - having full faith in anupam kher. eventually "honesty" & "trust" are the keywords that he reflects in his first talk with amrita. most people would think such a first meeting with a total stranger plus for a limited time is never enough to judge a person. but according to what i saw in this film, i have a feeling - that two people who are made for each other can connect within a 1st meet also, its possible !!! #3 in the entire movie - there are basically 4 or 5 sequences where shahid & amrita are together - or shown to be together. its unlike most other romantic/wedding-based movies where hero & heroine are always singing/dancing or nowadays - doing cheap stuff. but the beauty of each of these 5 sequences :- characterized by restraint, innocence & respect for the other ! #4 i really liked the relationship shown between chacha alok nath & amrita rao. these kinda movies should highlight the indifference shown to daughters/girl-kids in some parts of india. #5 romantic scenes between lead couple are shot very nicely - no cheap scenes,songs are beautifully pictured !! words like "jal","praarthana" e.t.c. are going to be buzzwords for all girls who liked this film :) personally, i really am fond of many dialogs in this film. #6 last but not the least - the entire hospital scene where shahid puts "sindhoor" to amrita when shes struggling for life - is terrific. those dialogs between the couple are so touching and u feel the love/i-cant-do-without-u ; its a hats-off feeling !!! *** in many ways, vivah reminded me of maine pyar kiya, ddlj, qayamat se qayamat tak, hum dil de chuke sanam - for the freshness/on-screen-chemistry of the lead pair :) :) *** if u ask me :- along with films like rang de basanti, lage raho munnabhai, dor, corporate and kabul express, v i v a h ranks among the best films made in 2006. in fact - i think vivah does deserve better viewing/business than dhoom2 or fanaa or golmaal or all those time-pass/fuzzy/style/crap movies !!

dev anand (or prashant) and zeenat aman ( jasbir/janice) are siblings brought up in single parent families. jasbir (the sister) grows up in an affluent environment but this is not enough to lead her to reject her life and ultimately join a hippie movement that eventually leads her to drugs. prashant (the brother) on the other hand grows up in a less affluent environment but grows up to be a matured gentleman. the story marks prashant making efforts to save his little sister (who is perpetually in a trance) from a hostile hippie environment. this movie stands the test of time, commenting that cults and hippie groups are a place for those who give up on their lives when they should instead stand up and be counted in the face of adversity. great music compositions in this movie that mean different things in different situations and to different people, and the director brings forth an eerie feeling to it.

one must admit, that dev has an eye for beauty and talent. he gave a break to zeenat aman, a successful model, and also former winner of beauty pageant's title, by casting her in a role, which was tailor-made for her debut. her bespectacled , stoned look, and her swaying at the hypnotizing music, made her an instant darling of the viewers. this movie is a treat to the eyes, with it's scenic locales, ethnic people, those buddha temples, and chirpy, naughty mumtaz, who looks quite attractive, in her ethnic wear, and dancing skills. dev is of course, adorable, and this is one of his commercially successful performance. hare rama manages to keep the interest going, with it's carefully written script, editing, and captivating music. like des pardes, his another movie, anand has handled the topic of youngsters falling in the habit of drug addiction, and the theory of them coming from disturbed families, and troubled childhood, is quite plausible. a good entertainer, this movie retains it's freshness till date !

this is one of the movies of dev anand who gave great yet distinct movies to hindi movie industries such as jewel thief and guide. the story is short (if you ask me what is the story), plot is simple- a brother seeks for his lost sister. sister has joined the hippies who smoke from pot and chant hare rama hare krishna. yet the movie portrays few of the significant events that the world experienced in 70's.hippie culture, their submission to drugs, freedom ,escaping duty, family, and adopting anything new such as eastern (which was new for whites) religion. they have been handled perfectly. zeenat gave her best and dev as usual was remarkable. songs are the best used (unlike they are abused for the sake of having songs) in this movie. they have not been spoiled.one perfect example is 'dekho o deewano...ram ka naam badnam na karo'. each word in the song is very philosophical and meaningful. the end is tragic but that is not the essence of the movie. overall devji who does believe in making different movies has been successful in showing what he wanted to show here. a must see to experience hippie culture and beautiful nepal of 70's.

the story for hare rama hare krishna actually came to dev anand's mind when he saw hippies and their fallen values in kathmandu where he was on a visit after the protests against his previous prem pujari in calcutta. he was low in spirits because his film had been opposed and some had burnt prem pujari's posters. but the life of hippies re ignited a story in dev's mind to be made into a film.this was dev anand's perhaps best directorial effort. the film was a blockbuster super hit at the box office and zeenat aman as dev's sister made a tremendous impact.this film was dev anand's call to the nation to keep up their moral values.it is about a montereal based indian family and the brother's role is a very affectionate one for his sister. but the parents quarrel and separate leaving prashant(dev) with mother and jasbir(zeenat) with father. she is repeatedly told that her mother and brother are dead and she eventually believes that she will never see prashant again.she is ill treated by her step mother and she runs away from home. dev grows up to be a pilot and he learns that jasbir is in kathmandu with certain hippies.to reunite with his sister, dev travels to kathmandu and meets shanti(mumtaz) who was to later marry him and also janice who in reality is jasbir with a new name and new identity. she has forgotten her childhood and dev too.dev has to get his sister back amongst all other happenings which include his being suspected as a thief in kathmandu and the people are after his life.this was a story well directed and acted-both by dev anand. we see more of zeenat aman than of mumtaz. but the music by rahul dev burman was well composed. dev had first offered the music to be composed by sachin dev burman but burman da did not want dev to do the film. he was very close to dev and his earlier film prem pujari, though was good, but had been opposed in calcutta. burman da wanted dev to try a lighter subject as he thought hippie cultist film might reignite people's anger against dev. but dev continued with the film reassuring burman da and the film was indeed a success.r d burman had asha bhosle sing the award winning dum maro dum. kanchi re kanchi re was another good number.overall it is a good film.

this one grew on me. i love the r.d. burman music and in spite of the cruder elements of the story i found much to be moved by as i kept re-watching the movie. the brother-sister plot line is powerful, i thought; there's also more probably obligatory stuff, like bar fights, a loony crime story, etc. that are just distracting. (though not unfunny from a certain point of view.) also the english translation is definitely by someone for whom it was a bit of a stretch, and as loony as it is i am grateful to him for doing it.like many of the bollywood movies i've seen, this one is melodramatic and opera-like, including here notably a song sung first by a little boy to cheer up his abused and unhappy sister, and then the same song sung 12 or so years later by the man who has travelled to kathmandu seeking to re-connect with this girl, grown up and troubled (she had been told her brother and mother were dead), numbing her pain with drugs.a super thing about this 1971 movie is that it is about the hippie movement, which brought hordes of seekers to india, from an indian point of view, that sees them as people driven to india by a spiritual hunger aroused by the failings of their own societies, but nonetheless, in india, living only for the pleasures of the moment. the hippie singing-dancing-drugging scenes are truly wonderful, and accurate in their tone (i'm old enough to remember), and i feel pretty sure that the masses of young white zoned-out kids are actual hippie extras, as i remember hearing about kids on the caravan to the east getting this kind of work in bollywood.(it is not about the actual hare krishna movement, though the movie hippies sing a krishna/rama chant, as do a group of actual indian devotees, unrelated to the hippies, in the opening scene of the movie.)~virginia

we do not come across movies on brother-sister relationship in indian cinema, or any other language or medium. this relationship has several aspects which have not been exploited in movies or novels. typically, a sister is depicted as a pile-on who can be used for ransom in the climax. this movie treats the subject in an entirely different light.it is inspired by george eliot's novel "the mill on the floss". the brother is very prosaic, all-good, the blue-eyed boy who is a conventionally good son and a favorite with his mother. the sister is romantic, wild and defiant of the unwritten rules of the society. in spite of this, the love of the brother-sister is the winner.this movie is about the love of the two siblings who are separated in childhood and revival of the same feeling when they meet years later. it is also the quest of the subdued brother to reunite with his sister who has chosen to be wild to defy the world.although the movie and the novel are set about 3 centuries apart in two distant countries, yet the sentiments are the same and still hold true.

hare rama hare krishna was the biggest hit movie of 1971. filmed almost entirely in kathmandu, the capital of nepal, the movie depicts not only with the theme of a broken family, but also a relationship between a brother and a sister, as well as drugs and the hippie movement, which made many people think that it involved the iskon - the movement for krishna consciousness.the movie begins with scenes of drugs and being informed that the woman dancing in front is the narrator's sister. going back to the past the brother and sister are happily playing around the house only to hear their parents arguing. this soon leads to a split in the family. the brother goes with the mother and the sister with the father.as years pass, the brother goes in search of his sister and is informed that she no longer lives with the father and that she has moved to nepal. here, prashant, the brother not only finds love, but he also finds his sister, janice. but he finds out that she is not only in the wrong company of friends but is also on drugs as she wants to block all memory of her past. with help of shanti, his love, the brother tries to get his sister away from all this but has to overcome many obstacles, including people who stoop to all sorts of levels to stop him this is a multi cast movie and is led by the director and producer himself, dev anand and also stars zeenat aman (her first movie), mumtaz, rajendranath, prem chopra, jnr mehmood, a.k. hangal and achala sachdev. the music is superbly provided by the late r.d. burman, whose last score was "1942 - a love story." during the filming, dev anand asked panchamda (r.d. burman) to compose something special for this film. days later panchamda came back with the composition of "dum maro dum." the song was an instant hit.

"yes, georgio" is a light-hearted and enjoyable movie/comedy that contains beautiful settings and beautiful music. it's not my favorite movie but it is a movie i have enjoyed seeing more than once. some reviewers suggested if one wished to enjoy pavarotti, they would likely be better served by picking up an opera dvd. although, a full opera might be a better representation of pavarotti's operatic talents, oftentimes, an opera requires costumes and has story lines that completely hide the appearance and nature of the person. "yes, georgio" permits pavarotti to use his speaking voice and to exhibit a personality and character in ways an opera would not.many reviewers seemed to find the story unbelievable; i don't agree. enormously talented people can be both self-centered and charming - charming enough to captivate intelligent and beautiful people. additionally, people who are very different from one other often gain insights about themselves and grow in positive ways from interacting with people who stretch them or take them in directions they might not have chosen on their own. both georgio and pamela become more open to unexplored parts of themselves in relationship with the other.relax and let yourself go into a visually and aurally rewarding film with pavarotti at the peak of his vocal abilities. the ending scenes from puccini's turandot alone are worth the time to get there.

as someone else commented, this is a feel-good movie. it's got glorious scenery and the wonder-filled voice of luciano! i've seen this movie many times and just saw it again this afternoon. i'd forgotten how much i miss pavarotti's singing of nessun dorma and i need to get out the cd! it's a great movie to just while away the afternoon engrossed in fun and reverie. eddie albert is grand as the agent and a bit over the top, but all agents are just that anyway. the italian countryside is gorgeous but nothing tops the balloon ride for the perfect view. if you need acting of olivier proportion, this movie isn't for you. if you just want a flight of fancy and some wonderful music, watch this film. just enjoy!

okay, let's face it. this is a god-awful movie. the plot (such as it is) is horrible, the acting worse. but the movie was made for one reason and one reason only, like all of those awful mario lanza movies...just to hear the voice of the star, in this case pavarotti in his prime. okay, so maybe the lanza movies were also an excuse for him to hit on women, but this movie is about hearing luciano. that alone is worth watching the movie. a big opera star stuck on himself faces his fears, finds humility and love along the way, and belts out a lot of hit numbers, too.i must admit i'm prejudiced on a number of levels. i'm italian. i'm a big pavarotti fan (is there anything about pavarotti that isn't big, including his fan base?). and when i first saw this movie i was going out on my own, seeing the height and depth of life's possibilities and in love for the first time. so as awful as this movie is, the beautiful voice and memories are enough to make me breathe deep of life and love again.yes, it's corny and awful. but the voice is immortal and timeless, and the voice is what it's all about. so i give this movie a high rating in hopes that someone who has never heard pavarotti before will listen and watch and enjoy a new level of music and love, especially since he is now gone. like italian food that you've never tried before, try it! you may be pleasantly surprised, as a luciano lover or prospective pavarotti peep.

i remember seeing this film when it first came out in 1982 & loved it then. about 4 years later i had the privilege of seeing luciano pavarotti sing at the metropolitan opera house in new york (in tosca) so seeing the ending of this film reminds me very much of that great night. what's not to like about this film? the music is brilliant and pavarotti (fini) was at his best and still looked great. the story is actually very funny in parts & the 'food fight' scene is still one of the funniest i have ever seen. the hot air balloon flight over the napa valley was beautiful & so was the song he sang "if we were in love" (one of the few times pavarotti sang in english). and hearing the duet of santa lucia gorgeous. get real folks, this was a film about an opera singer called georgio fini who just happened to be played by pavarotti. kathryn harrold & eddie albert were excellent in their supporting roles.i am very glad that i still have this almost worn out vhs tape of this movie but i would love this to be released on dvd especially now that pavarotti is no longer with us because i think this includes the best performance of nessun dorma sung by him still on film today!

i saw this movie when it came out when i was 17 years old and into classic rock (still am)... i never liked opera before because i hate soprano voices, but he changed all that. he was adorable in the movie and had such an amazing voice. i heard on cnn that he died tonight at home of pancreatic cancer, he will be missed, and he definitely left his mark on this world.i hope to buy this movie if i can find it, watch and enjoy. *smile* maybe i should head over to amazon.com and have a look before it's sold out.

i watched this movie with my mother when i was in high school many years ago. i definitely was not the least bit interested in opera at the time, but he changed my views. i enjoyed this movie very much and have truly enjoyed opera ever since. i even bought several of his cd's. who cares what his acting abilities were, he basically just played himself, which was adorable. he was so charming, so charismatic; i honestly just wanted to hug him. i feel very sad that so many are criticizing him so harshly. it was so straight, did not accept people pushing him around or judging him for his actions. he deserves to be respected and admired for his talent. he will definitely be missed!!!

yes, giorgio, is a feel good movie. a little romance, great music, beautiful scenery, comedy, (a great food fight), and a little taste of bittersweet are the ingredients of yes, giorgio. any movie buff would enjoy this film. those who require massive special effects, should look elsewhere. most of us need a little escape now and then, and how better to do this, than with a feast for the eyes, ears, and heart? a must see!

once upon a time, there were different types of movies. these different movies coexisted even though each one had something different to offer....this seems obvious at first, but i thought i'd point it out during this review because it seems a few people may have forgotten. this is just a fun movie for pavarotti fans. that's all it is. it doesn't claim to be anything else or anything grander. people who deride it as something that fell short of a promise aren't seeing the whole picture- literally. after all, hollywood makes movies all the time that are shameless vehicles for people (bodyguard or the preacher's wife w/whitney houston are 2 examples that spring to mind.)first i'd like to address the movie as a vehicle for pavarotti. there are worse things in this world-- and worse movies. the singing is fabulous and the selection of arias is fun. the movie starts with schubert's ave maria and then leoncavallo's matinatta. pav sings arias from la gioconda, manon lescaut, and turandot but also sings popular music such as "i left my heart in san francisco" and the song that was nominated for an oscar & golden globe, "if we were in love" w/music by john williams & lyrics by alan & marilyn bergman- all 3 previous oscar winners.the story isn't that bad. it was built for pavarotti so of course it's not going to be something that's profound or universally applicable to the average movie viewer. it's a story of a famous opera singer who was traumatized by a bad night at the opera years ago. when asked to sing again at the same place, the "met" in nyc, he loses his voice from fear. doctor pamela (or pah-may-lah in italian:)) played by kathryn harrold- gives him a shot to cure his psychosomatic reaction. he offers her the chance to have a fling with him and she reluctantly accepts.they embark on an affair, she knowing he's married & promising not to fall in love with him and him thinking she will be just another woman. despite all that, they fall in love (thus the song, "if we were in love") and with her help, he overcomes his fear & goes back to the met where he triumphs. i won't tell how it ends, but it's fairly predictable. which isn't always a bad thing. the performances in this aren't that bad. pavarotti (who plays giorgio fini) isn't an actor, so if you're expecting a spencer tracy or tom hanks performance, you are deluded, not pavarotti. he knows he's not a thespian. what he is is cute, charming & charismatic. he is having fun himself, and if you can just let yourself have fun too, it's not so bad. one funny line is when he tells pamela (harrold) that she's a "thirsty plant, fini can water you!" and of course, she says, "i don't want to be watered on by fini!" kathryn harrold is very sweet and does a nice job as a semi-uptight woman who learns from this extravagant man to live a little. one of my favorite lines in the movie is: "life never has to be life size." and there's eddie albert who does his usual good job as fini's manager. there are several "themselves" cameos by real conductors, singers, etc. and it is filmed on location at the metropolitan opera at lincoln center. if you like opera, if you like pavarotti, or if you can just let yourself go & enjoy a "little fling" just like he proposes in the movie- then you can enjoy this movie for what it is. i know i do- every time. :)

lily mars, a smalltown girl living in indiana, dreams of making it big on broadway and her aspirations are given a lift when successful broadway producer john thornway returns to his hometown for a visit. lily tries everything she can to get thornway to notice her, but he just gets annoyed with her antics. when thornway goes back to new york to stage his show, lily follows (unknown to john of course) and thornway eventually gives her a small role in his next show, only as a favor to her family, however thornway starts to fall for this young girl and a romance blossoms, which makes the show's leading lady, isabel rekay, jealous. when isabel gets fed up with the john-lily romance causing friction with the show, she leaves, and john decides to make lily the star. isabel returns later, and thornway is forced to tell lily that she is back to her small bit role in the play, which also may jeopardize the romance. very charming film, and a refreshing change to see garland put the comedic touches into her role (her reading of lady macbeth, while supposed to be humorous, never threatened her singing career) i enjoyed heflin's character (thornway) more when he was annoyed with lily rather than be the romantic. the film got to be somewhat predictable and the scenes weren't assembled that well together, but a very enjoyable film. rating, 7.

in this 1943 film, judy garland is deemed not to be ready for the big-time yet by the man who loves her-van heflin. this film was certainly a big change for mr. heflin, especially after his supporting oscar win the year before in "johnny eager."wasn't spring byington too old to be the widowed mother of 5 children, with four of them appearing to look like her grandchildren?the singing and dancing are just marvelously staged but the way that the blossoming romance between heflin and garland was depicted left a lot to be desired. it was a gigi-like one where a young girl is eventually swept off her feet by a charmer.

presenting lily mars (mgm, 1943) is a cute film, but in my opinion it could have been better. judy garland is great as always, but some scenes in the film seem out of place and the romance between her and van heflin develops all too quickly.i mean, one minute he's ready to beat her butt, but the next minute he falls in love with her. i believe that this production, the film editing, and the script ( even though the photography was great, the scenery was nice and the costumes were nice as well) could have been a little better. it feels as though the production was too rushed. the supporting cast was good as well, especially little janet chapman as the second youngest daughter daughter rosie. she at the age of 11, looks really cute and it's a shame that she didn't develop into a teenage comic actress. she's much better in this film than in her previous films as warner brothers in the late 1930's (except for broadway musketeers 1938, she's really good in that), when they tried to make her into a shirley temple/sybil jason hybrid. overall, this film could better, but in the end, judy gave it her all.

presenting lily mars is a real pleasant little film which showcases the comedy skills of actress judy garland, along with her standard singing moments. the plot consists of lily mars tagging along after producer john thornway for her big break. i think the comedy is light and nothing too heavy here. i really recommend this film for everyone. judy is breathtaking in this role!

presenting lily mars is one of a genre of film that sadly seems to have disappeared with the studio system. ok now that you know my bias, here are some reasons i think this movie does stand out.1. although the basic plot - lily mars (judy garland) goes to new york, becomes a star, and wins the heart of her director (van heflin) is a pretty stock hollywood story of the period, the writers do vary the theme her a bit more than usual. although lily gets her big break when the star quits, she isn't successful and has to swallow her pride and go back to playing a minor role in the show.2. judy garland (enough said!)3. the supporting cast includes some really great performances. spring byington as lily's mother is truely wonderful, as is fay bainter (the mother of the director - john thornway (van heflin)). the standout supporting performance though goes to character actress connie gilchrist as frankie, a one time actress turned theater custodian.worth a watch for sure. one of those movies that are designed to make you feel better about the world and your dreams.

almost every review of this movie i'd seen was pretty bad. it's not pretty bad, it's actually pretty good, though not great. the judy garland character could have gotten annoying, but she didn't allow it to. somewhere along the line, i've become a fan of brooding, overbearing, overacting van heflin, at least in the early 40's. judy's singing is great, but the film missed a great chance by not showing more of their relationship. i gave it a 7.

presenting lily mars may have provided judy garland with one of the easier roles she had while at mgm because lily mars is definitely a character she could identify with. a young girl with talent enough for ten, she knows she has what it takes to make it in the theater no matter how much producer van heflin from her home town discourages her.i really liked judy in this one as the girl determined to make it in the theater. because it is judy garland with the talent of judy garland you in the audience know she has the right stuff even if it takes van heflin nearly the whole movie to be convinced.both judy and heflin hail from the same small town, heflin's dad was the town doctor who delivered her and heflin while he may have moved away and become a big producer on broadway, their respective moms, fay bainter and spring byington have kept in touch. that's her entrée, but heflin's constantly barraged with stagestruck kids, but never anyone quite like lily mars.no real big song hits came out of presenting lily mars for garland, though she sings all her numbers. the best in the film is a revival of that gaslight era chestnut, every little movement has a meaning all its own. judy sings it with connie gilchrist playing the cleaning lady in a broadway theater where heflin's show is being produced. gilchrist was a star back in the days of the floradora girls and she and judy deliver the song in grand style with connie. it's the best scene in the film as gilchrist encourages judy to keep at it. composer karl hoschna had died a long time ago, but lyricist otto harbach was still alive and i'm betting he liked what he heard.european musical star marta eggerth is in presenting lily mars as the show's star who's at first bemused, then angry and finally, understanding of garland and heflin. she did a couple of films with mgm and then went back to europe for more work on the continent. i'm betting mgm didn't quite know what to do with her and her thick hungarian accent, though louis b. mayer never met a soprano he didn't like.van heflin does well as the patient producer who puts up with a lot from garland and eggerth. heflin was just coming off his oscar for johnny eager the previous year and he and garland wouldn't appear to be an ideal screen team, but they're not bad together.presenting lily mars is a fine showcase for the talents of judy garland. and she didn't have to share the screen in another backstage film with mickey rooney.

this film was made in 1943 when i think judy was at her peak (looks wise). in her previous film for me and my gal people often say that she looks emaciated. well in this film she looks perfect. she is beautiful and shows that she has a flair for comedy.i think this film is hilarious, especially at the beginning when she is trying to arrange an audition with john thornway. one of the funniest scene's in my opinion is judy's rendition of lady macbeth and when john is looking for her at the party to give her a spanking (lol).one criticism i do have is that there is a hole in the plot when john and lily fall in love. i mean one minute he despises her and the next they are going out on a date then the next time they meet after that date they are in love.another point i didn't like was on opening night. if i were lily i would be furious with john but she isn't...it just doesn't make sense.but all in all i would have to give this film a 10 because it is just wonderful and almost perfect.

