this great movie has failed to register a higher rating than 5!why not!it is a great portrayal of the life of christ without the ruthless sensationalism of the passion of the christ.johnny cash did great things for god which amazingly are shunned and neglected in areas where they should matter most,like our churches.the film itself took less than a month to film as johnny felt the strong presence of god guiding him through it.great credit to everyone involved in this overwhelmingly sincere movie which will always be cherished by its fans.at least the billy graham crusade rated it highly enough to use it as a prime source of education for new christians.thanks fox for producing it.as walk the line proved that it was freakish that this man survived yet alone produced such an underrated masterpiece.movies are not canonized through popular vote as this production proves! in summary i believe that this film is one of the worlds great documentaries as it is forthright, honestly portrayed and a great witness to the christian faith!

this is an entertaining look at the gospel as presented by johnny cash (adorned in black, of course) who sings a lot and narrates a bit also. if you like johnny cash, this film is quite enjoyable. also note the blonde depiction of jesus in this work...just for fun, try to think of five jewish men who have blonde hair...? anyway, its a fun presentation of the greatest and most important story of all.

johnny and june carter cash financed this film which is a traditional rendering of the gospel stories. the music is great, you get a real feel of what the world of jesus looked like (i've been there too), and june gets into the part of mary magdalene with a passion. cash's narration is good too.but....1. the actor who played jesus was miscast. 2. there is no edge to the story like cash puts in some of his faith based music. 3. because it is uncompelling, i doubt we'll see this ever widely distributed again.i'd love to buy the cd.tom paine texas, usa

there are few films or movies i consider favorites over the years. the gospel road was one of them. i watched this as a young teen and would like the opportunity to watch it again. my favorite parts were the fact that 1/jesus was blond, 2/the last supper was a huge meal,3/ he liked playing with the children,4/his death was for all people and for all time.the movie may not have been theologically sound or high quality acting, but it touched my heart at that time. besides i am a johnny cash fan and it was a brave venture. if it ever comes out on dvd, i will purchase it purely for sentimental reasons.

what is contained on this disk is a first rate show by a first rate band. this disc is not for the faint of heart...the music is incredibly intense, and very cool. what you will learn when you watch this movie is just why the who was so huge for so long. it is true that their records were great, but their shows were the top of the heap. in 1969 when this concert was shot, the screaming teenie boppers that threw jelly beans at the beatles were gone and bands (and audiences) had settled down to long and often amazing displays of musical virtuosity--something that few audiences have the intellectual curiosity to pursue in the age of canned music by britney and christina. what you especially learn here are the amazing things that can happen when gifted musicians are encouraged to improvise. try the concert out, it really is amazing.

this is the who at their most powerful. although before the masterwork who's next, which would provide anthems like baba o'reily and wont get fooled again. this film shows the group in transition from mod rockers to one of the biggest live bands of the 70's.daltrey shows what being a front-man is all about, entwistle steady as ever. moon is great, check out the ongoing conversation with the drum tech, and see him playing "side saddle" whilst having a bass drum head replaced!townsend even looks like he's enjoying himself occasionally!considering they took to the stage at 2am no one in the crowd was asleep! there are not many bands these days could produce a set as tight as this and it is difficult to imagine any of the bands of today producing a concert that in 36 years time will be be enjoyed as much as this one.

this review is dedicated to the late keith moon and john entwistle.the original drum and bass.there seems to be very little early who footage around these days, if there is more then lets be 'aving it, now-a-days it tends to be of a very different kind of who altogether, a parody, a shadow of their (much) better years. to be fair, not one of them has to prove anything to anyone anymore, they've earned their respect and with overtime.this concert footage for me is one of their best. to command an audience of around a 400,000 plus strong crowed takes skill, charisma, wit and a whole lot of bloody good music.we all know of the other acts on the bill, the doors (their last ever show weeks before jim morrison died), moody blues, hendrix, taste, free and many more. the point being that whoever were there it was the who that the majority had come to see. this show was one year after the great hippie fest of the 1960's; woodstock. the film and record had come out and so had the who's greatest work to date, tommy. the ever hungry crowd wanted a taste, to be able to experience their own unique event, to be able to "grove and love" in the knowledge that this gig was their own. to do this you needed the best of what rock 'n roll had to throw at the hungrily baited crowd.at two 'o clock in the morning in late august 1970 the m.c. announces, "ladies and gentlemen, a small rock 'n roll band from shepherds bush london, the 'oo".john entwistle's body suit is of black leather, on the front is the out line of a human skeleton from neck to toe, roger dressed in his traditional stage outfit of long tassel's and long flowing hair, keith in a white t-shirt and jeans, as pete had his white boiler suit and doc martins that he'd preferred to wear.the who never stopped their onslaught of high energy rock for over two hours, performing theirs and other artists' greatest tracks such as young man blues, shaking' all over, and then as on queue, keith baiting the crowed to "shut up, it's a bleeding opera" with tommy, the rock opera. the crowed went wild. this is what they had come to hear, and the who didn't disappoint, straight into overture and never coming up for air until the final note of "tommy can you hear me?" amazing.to capture a show of this magnitude of a band of this stature at their peak at a festival that was to be the last of its kind anywhere in the world was a fantastic piece of cinematic history.the english dvd only comes in a soundtrack of english/linear pcm stereo, were as in the states, i think, you can get it with 5.1 at least, "check local press for details" on that, okay.the duration of the dvd is 85 minutes with no extras, which is a disappointment. yes, for a slice of rock and festival history this dvd would send you in a nostalgia trip down memory lane the moment you press play, for some of the best who concert footage as it was meant to be, live, raw and in your face!i would have given this dvd ten if it wasn't for the lack of 5.1, and some extras would have been nice.thanks roger, pete, john and keith.

i have to agree with mr. caruso jr lanza,s was the finest voice god had to offer if only he could have found the courage to go for broke leave hollywood and head for the opera he could have been the american caruso everyone says he could have been but in any case he is a fantastic introduction to the art form no bones about it and if thats the way its gonna be so be it. see the film you'll see why mr lanza still come up in discussion even in my house. someone says pavarotti i say mario lanza.as for the film itself when will it be on dvd they must have it restored and vhs isn't good enough but this should also be the only lanza film put on dvd the others are down right bad and boring .

the great caruso displays the unique talents of mario lanza. he shows great acting capacity and is in top form as a lyrical singer, paired with dorothy kirsten, soprano of the metropolitan opera. indeed, i dare to say that he performs some songs better than caruso (check a'vuchella from tosti and la danza from rossini). the mgm art and music departments also did a good job. this movie could be perfect, were it not for the awkward presence of ann blyth; we see that she is trying her best, dressed in the fifties style in scenes just before 1920 - unforgivable. lanza deserved a better leading lady, and blyth should stick to less demanding productions. also notice that ms. kirsten sings most of the opera duets of the film with lanza, giving the wrong notion that caruso had a kind of permanent leading soprano.

this is a most handsome film. the color photography is beautiful as it shows the lavishness of the metropolitan opera house in brilliant color. other indoor scenes at various mansions, etc are equally brilliant. as for the music, what more can be said other than that lanza's voice was at its' peak as he sang so many of the worlds' best known and beloved arias. the marvelous dorothy kirsten is also a joy as her soprano voice blends with that of lanza in delightful harmony. of course, hollywood took their customary liberties with the life story of caruso. there is precious little in the story line that relates to actual events. for example, the facts relating to his death are totally fabricated and bear no relationship to the truth. there are some very good web sites that tell the true story of caruso and contain several pictures of him. these web sites can be located by using any good search engine. there are also several books available concerning his life history. but, the fictional story line does nothing to mar this beautiful film. the voices of lanza, kirsten, and the chorus members are the real stars of this movie. enjoy, i know that i sure did.

mario lanza, of course, is "the great caruso" in this 1951 film also starring ann blyth, dorothy kirsten, eduard franz and ludwig donath. this is a highly fictionalized biography of the legendary, world-renowned tenor whose name is known even today.the film is opulently produced, and the music is glorious and beautifully sung by lanza, kirsten, judmila novotna, blanche thebom, and other opera stars who appeared in the film. if you're a purist, seeing people on stage smiling during the sextet from "lucia" will strike you as odd - even if caruso's wife dorothy just had a baby girl. also it's highly unlikely that caruso ever sang edgardo in lucia; the role lay too high for him.in taking dramatic license, the script leaves out some very dramatic parts of caruso's life. what was so remarkable about him is that he actually created roles in operas that are today in the standard repertoire, yet this is never mentioned in the film. these roles include maurizio in adriana lecouvreur and dick johnson in "girl of the golden west," there is a famous photo of him posing with a sheet wrapped around him like a toga. the reason for that photo? his only shirt was in the laundry. he was one of the pioneers of recorded music and had a long partnership with the victor talking-machine company (later rca victor). he was singing jose in carmen in san francisco the night of the earthquake.instead, the mgm story basically has him dying on stage during a performance of martha, which never happened. he had a hemorrhage during "l'elisir d'amore" at the met and could not finish the performance; he only sang three more times at the met, his last role as eleazar in la juive. what killed him? the same thing that killed valentino - peritonitis. his first role at the met was not radames in aida, as indicated in the film, but the duke in rigoletto. so when it says on the screen "suggested by dorothy caruso's biography of her husband," that's what it was - suggested. what is true is that dorothy's father disowned her after her marriage, and left her $1 of his massive estate. they also did have a daughter gloria together (who died at the age of 79 on 10/7/2007). however, caruso had four other children by a mistress before he married dorothy.some people say that lanza's voice is remarkably like caruso's, but just listen to caruso sing in the film "match point" -- caruso's voice is remarkably unlike lanza's. in fact, from his sound, had he wanted to, caruso could have sung as a baritone. he is thought to have had some trouble with high notes, further evidence of baritone leanings; and the role he was preparing when he died was othello, a dramatic tenor role, which lanza definitely was not. lanza's voice deserved not to be compared with another. he made a unique contribution to film history, popularizing operatic music. he sings the music in "the great caruso" with a robust energy; he is truly here at the peak of what would be a short career. his acting is natural and genuine. ann blyth is lovely as dorothy and gets to sing a little herself.really a film for opera lovers and lanza fans, which are probably one and the same.

yes, be my love was mario lanza's skyrocket to fame and still is popular today. his voice was strong and steady, so powerful in fact that mgm decided to use him in the great caruso. lanza himself thought he was the reincarnation of caruso. having read the book by kostelanitz who wrote a biography of lanza, he explains that the constant practise and vocal lessons became the visionary caruso to lanza. there is no doubt that lanza did a superb job in the story, but the story is not entirely true; blame it on hollywood! i used to practise singing his songs years ago, and became pretty good myself until i lost my voice because of emphysema/asthma ten years ago. reaching the high note of be my love is not easy; but beautiful!

since musicals have both gone out of fashion and are incredibly expensive to make without all the talent needed to make one under contract to a studio, i doubt we will ever get a real life story of enrico caruso. but if everything else was in place it was no accident that no hollywood studio attempted the task until metro-goldwyn-mayer had mario lanza under contract. no one else could have done it, i doubt whether it will ever be tried again.and why should it. i think enrico caruso himself would have been satisfied as to how his singing was portrayed on screen. for his tenor voice was his life, his reason for being on the earth. to say that liberties were taken with his life is to be modest. caruso, like the man who portrayed him, was a man of large appetites although with a lot more self discipline. he had numerous relationships with several women and fathered two out of wedlock sons who are not in this film. his contribution to the recording industry is treated as almost an afterthought. he's shown in a recording studio once late in his life. actually he started recording right around the turn of the last century and together with irish tenor john mccormack for rca victor made the recording industry what it became.when caruso and mccormack were at their heights you had to practically inherit a ticket to see either of them perform live. but a lot of immigrant italian and irish families had a phonograph and a record or three of either of these men. it's why both became the legends that they are.what the film does have is some beautifully staged operatic arias done by mario lanza, a taste of what he might have become had he the discipline of a caruso to stick to opera. the great caruso won an oscar for sound recording and received nominations for costume and set design.mario himself helped popularize the film with an rca red seal album of songs from the great caruso. unfortunately due to contractual obligations we couldn't get an actual cast album with ann blyth, dorothy kirsten, and jarmila novotna also.though blyth sang it in the film, lanza had a big hit recording of the loveliest night of the year further helping to popularize the great caruso.if you're looking for a life of enrico caruso, this ain't it. if you are looking for a great artist singing at the height of his career, than you should not miss the great caruso.

the great caruso was the biggest hit in the world in 1951 and broke all box office records at radio city music hall in a year when most "movergoers" were stay-at-homes watching their new 7" motorola televisions. almost all recent box office figures are false --- because they fail to adjust inflation. obviously today's $10 movies will dominate. in 1951 it cost 90c to $1.60 at radio city; 44c to 75c first run at loew's palace in washington dc, or 35c to 50c in neighborhood runs. what counts is the number of people responding to the picture, not unadjusted box office "media spin." the genius of the great caruso was that the filmmakers took most of the actual life of enrico caruso (really not a great story anyway) and threw it in the trash. instead, 90% of the movie's focus was on the music. thus mgm gave us the best living opera singer mario lanza doing the music of the best-ever historic opera singer enrico caruso. the result was a wonderful movie. too bad lanza would throw his life and career away on overeating. too fat to play the student prince, edmund purdom took his place --- with lanza's voice dubbed in, and with the formerly handsome and not-fat lanza pictured in the advertising. if you want to see the great caruso, it's almost always on ebay for $2.00 or less. don't be put off by the low price, as it reflects only the easy availability of copies, not the quality of the movie.

does anyone else cry tears of joy when they watch this film? i love it! one of my top 10 films of all time. it just makes me feel good. i watch the closing production number with all the cast members over and over and over!!! bebe benson (michelle johnston) is the babe of the film, imho! i never saw the play but i get angry when i read reviews that say the play was better than the film. the two are like apples and oranges. the film making process will seldom deliver a finished product that is faithful to the original work. i believe it's only due to the fear of public alienation that many well known works adapted to the screen aren't changed more than they are. this is a very good film, it is very satisfying. that's all you need to know!

as a disclaimer, i've seen the movie 5-6 times in the last 15 years, and i only just saw the musical this week. this allowed me to judge the movie without being tainted by what was or wasn't in the musical (however, it tainted me when i watched the musical :) ) i actually believe michael douglas worked quite well in that role, along with kasey. i think her 'let me dance for you scene' is one of the best parts of the movie, a worthwhile addition compared to the musical. the dancers and singing in the movie are much superior to the musical, as well as the cast which is at least 10 times bigger (easier to do in the movie of course). the decors, lighting, dancing, and singing are also much superior in the movie, which should be expected, and was indeed delivered. the songs that were in common with the musical are better done in the movie, the new ones are quite good ones, and the whole movie just delivers more than the musical in my opinion, especially compared to a musical which has few decors. the one bad point on the movie is the obvious cuts between the actors talking, and dubbed singers during the singing portions for some of the characters, but their dancing is impeccable, and the end product was more enjoyable than the musical

when i really began to be interested in movies, at the age of eleven, i had a big list of 'must see' films and i would go to blockbuster and rent two or three per weekend; some of them were not for all audiences and my mother would go nuts. i remember one of the films on that list was "a chorus line" and could never get it; so now to see it is a dream come true.of course, i lost the list and i would do anything to get it back because i think there were some really interesting things to watch there. i mean, take "a chorus line", a stage play turned into film. i know it's something we see a lot nowadays, but back then it was a little different, apparently; and this film has something special.most of the musicals made movies today, take the chance the camera gives them for free, to create different sceneries and take the characters to different places; "a chorus line" was born on a theater stage as a play and it dies in the same place as a movie. following a big audition held by recognized choreographer zach (michael douglas), richard atenborough directs a big number of dancers as they try to get the job.everything happens on the same day: the tension of not knowing, the stress of having to learn the numbers, the silent competition between the dancersand it all occurs on the stage, where douglas puts each dancer on the spotlight and makes them talk about their personal life and their most horrible experiences. there are hundreds of dancers and they are all fantastic, but they list shortens as the hours go by.like a movie i saw recently, "a prairie home companion", the broadcast of a radio show, atenborough here deals with the problem of continuity. on or behind the stage, things are going on, and time doesn't seem to stop. again, i don't if atenborough cut a lot to shoot this, but it sure doesn't look like it; and anyway it's a great directing and editing (john bloom) work. but in that little stage, what you wonder is what to do with the camerawith only one setting, ronnie taylor's cinematography finds the way, making close-ups to certain characters, zooming in and out, showing the stage from different perspective and also giving us a beautiful view of new york.in one crucial moment, douglas tells the ones that are left: "before we start eliminating: you're all terrific and i'd like to hire you all; but i can't". this made me think about reality shows today, where the only thing that counts is the singing or dancing talent and where the jury always says that exact words to the contestants before some of them are leaving (even when they are not good). it's hard, you must imagine; at least here, where all of them really are terrific.to tell some of the stories, the characters use songs and, in one second, the stage takes a new life and it literally is 'a dream come true'. the music by marvin hamlisch and the lyrics by edward kleban make the theater to film transition without flaws, showing these dancers' feelings and letting them do those wonderful choreographies by michael bennett. the book in the theater also becomes a flawless and very short screenplay by arnold schulman; which is very touching at times. so if it's not with a song it will be with a word; but in "a chorus line", it's impossible not to be moved.during one of the rehearsal breaks in the audition, cassie, a special dancer played by alyson reed, takes the stage to convince douglas character that she can do it. the words "let me dance for you" never sounded more honest and more beautifully put in music and lyrics.

i watched this movie after seeing it on broadway. i love the broadway musical and i love the movie. i watched the movie like it was not related to the broadway show. i am an avid reader and have seen what happens to most books when they are turned into movies, so i developed a philosophy really early. assume that the movie is going to be based on the book ( or musical in this case) but that while the story line may be similar it will not be the same, it will be different so watch it for what it is.i danced for 12 years before i had to make a choice. i was a good dancer( picking up chorus work in local productions as a child etc) but i wasn't super talented.i was however super talented as a show rider. i was told by my dance instructor and my trainer ( who i spent several months a year at his farm out of state) that i had to make a choice when i turned 14. that i needed to move up from dancing two hours four-five days a week and riding 3 hours a day 7 days a week.. and dedicate to one or the other. so i dearly love dancing and i love this movie and a lot of the other ballet and dance movies. i just chose to watch this movie for what it is, it is a great movie about raw emotion and human interaction. it is about the power of anticipation and heartbreak when you work really hard to get something you want and you just do not get it. i love the movie. i love the broadway musical.

as many reviewers here have noted, the film version differs quite a bit from the stage version of the story. i have never seen the stage version of the story, and therefore i have a more favorable review of the film than many other reviewers. perhaps richard attenborough was not the best choice for director of the film, but the film is still an entertaining account of several dancers trying to make the big time in choreographer michael douglas' show. the film does right by not selecting any famous actors or performers to wind up in the final try-out group. this way our attention is focused on the dancers' movements and individual stories and struggles as they unfold during a marathon day of try-outs. douglas is also probably not the best choice for the part. apparently some songs were cut out in favor of a new one, and the backstage cliché-ridden story of a romantic liaison between a dancer and the choreographer was added. i have to say in all fairness this was the weakest part of the film. the repeated intrusions cassie made during try-outs appear to mirror the almost desperate pleas one often has to make when engaging in the artistic professions in the absence of talent and/or luck. however, this aspect of the film has been done to death in the past, and it's curious to see this tired old shoe kicking its heel up once again. the revelations of the dancers themselves began promisingly enough with the "i can do that" number, but then it plodded a little at various points while the dancers were telling their stories. frankly, their stories differed little from real life folks who never get a chance like this. *** of 4 stars.

this movie will always be a broadway and movie classic, as long as there are still people who sing, dance, and act.

this is a great film!! the first time i saw it i thought it was absorbing from start to finish and i still do now. i may not have seen the play, but even if i had it wouldn't stop me thinking that the film is just as good.

i love this movie. i mean the story may not be the best, but the dancing most certainly makes up for it. you get to know a little bit about each character the way they want you to learn about them. i just think that you won't like this movie unless you're into broadway...

anyone who has seen this movie and reviewed it poorly, i would refer them to roger ebert's review of this movie. he is one of the most respected critics in the industry, and he gave it 3 1/2 stars.this is a great movie. it may not be perfect, or spectacular, but i enjoyed it. a chorus line is not so much a story, as it is a group of stories about the lives of broadway hopefuls. i read reviews where people said that too much time was wasted on the romance between zach and cassie. that is an incorrect view. it is another story along with all the other stories that are told about each of the broadway hopefuls. what people fail to realize is that those who are dancers for broadway shows go through the same things that the common man goes through. and that i think is really the point of the whole show. it is to showcase not only the talent of these special dancers, but to give us some poignant things to think about in regard to life in general. this is a study of life as a broadway star. anyone who has dreamed of becoming a broadway star watches this movie with a great feeling of relationship because they have gone through exactly what the characters are going through. this is a great musical. it has its slow points, and at times gets a little confused with the pacing of certain story lines, but all in all, i thoroughly enjoyed it. take a closer look at the movie, and then maybe you will understand what i am talking about.

hi for all the people who have seen this wonderful movie im sure thet you would have liked it as much as i. i love the songs once you have seen the show you can sing along as though you are part of the show singing and dancing . dancing and singing. the song one is an all time fave musical song too and the strutters at the end with the mirror its so oh you have to watch this one

"still crazy" is without a doubt the greatest rock comedy of all-time. it has been erroneously compared to "this is spinal tap", which it has no relation to. "spinal tap" is a satire (and, quite frankly, not a very good one, in spite of it's "outing" of many rock clichés). unlike "tap", "still crazy" is populated by great actors, great songs and great human situations. you care about the people in "still crazy". that's all that matters. oh, yeah, the music's pretty damn good, too, written by mick jones of foreigner and chris difford of squeeze. american audiences were already familiar with stephen rea (the crying game), but would only later become familiar with bill nighy (underworld, love actually, pirates of the caribbean ii) and timothy spall (the harry potter movies).

dick clement and ian la frenais have a solid hit rate as far as their tv work is concerned. however, their film work has been much more chequered (2008's the bank job was fine, the previous year's across the universe decidedly weak, for instance).still crazy, fortunately, is a solid success. it has a great story, excellent performances, a lot of humour, fabulous music and, above everything else, real heart.i savour "moments", and this film has one of them - just when everything is going pear-shaped at the festival reunion performance...hugely enjoyable.

i have rarely emerged from viewing a film with such a warm, happy feeling. i felt as if i had been out with really good friends and had a wonderful time! i thoroughly enjoyed this film. the acting was superb, although i would have to mention bill nye in particular as giving an absolutely faultless performance. bill is an excellent actor and would love to see him in more films. timothy spall and jimmy nail are also favourites and always love to see them as they give such a solid performance. and billy connolly, as always, totally gorgeous. it was a wonderful ensemble performance from all concerned. such a refreshing experience to see a well-written, superbly acted and good-looking movie.

still crazy has been compared to the spinal tap since both are comedies about wash-up r&r groups. actually, here the similarity ends because still crazy is much better written and acted out, whereas spinal tap script deteriorates from the mildly amusing first 10 min into a drivel that makes beavis and butthead to appear sophisticated in comparison. still crazy is formulaic but the likability of the characters and the unexpectedly high quality of some musical numbers for me managed to offset the a priori predictability of the movie. people who expect spinal tap-like attempt on satire would be disappointed by the light-hearted nature of the movie, but i'd take a successful self-ironic romp of still crazy over a pompous but failed shot at satire which is spinal tap.

wonderful movie with good story great humour (some great one-liners) and a soundtrack to die for.i've seen it 3 times so far.the american audiences are going to love it.

i watched the movie in a preview and i really loved it. the cast is excellent and the plot is sometimes absolutely hilarious. another highlight of the movie is definitely the music, which hopefully will be released soon. i recommend it to everyone who likes the british humour and especially to all musicians. go and see. it's great.

i enjoyed still crazy more than any film i have seen in years. a successful band from the 70's decide to give it another try. they start by playing some gigs in some seedy european venues, with hilarious results. the music is fantastic, the script and acting are terrific. the characters are spot on, especially the lead singer with the high heavy metal voice, makeup and personality problems. the concert at the end was unreal. go and see it, preferably in a cinema with a good sound system :)

an excellent cast makes this movie work; all of the characters are developed exceedingly well and it's clear that the actors enjoyed filming this movie.it's not quite the comedy i expected, much more a lighthearted look at the attempt to reclaim youthful glory than bawdy humor. for music fans there are quite a few subtle references that in themselves are intelligently funny.i hate drawing direct comparisons to other movies, but so much of this movie reminded me of alan parker films i can't help it: imagine if the commitments actually did make it big -- and then tried to recapture said glory 25 years later.

if you like deep purple, you will enjoy in this excellent movie with stephen rea in main role. the story is about the most famous rock group back there in 70s, strange fruits, and they decided to play together again. but, of course, there is going to be lots of problem during theirs concerts. jimmy nail and bill nighy are great, and song "the flame still burns" is perfect. you have to watch it.

this movie maked me cry at the end! i watch at least 3-4 movies a week. i seen loads of great movies, even more crap - ones. but when ending scene - catharsic at it's core - came i cried! and if you didn't - you have serious problems! the story is archetypal - nothing new or original. but it's real - because that sort of things really happened and that people really exist. glam isn't my sort of music but i really admire all that they went through in early 70's... at some point this directed me toward velvet goldmine! docudramas never really work very good. but this movie really meked us believe it all...because they don't try to make it as a path full of glorious concerts, present musicians that are superheroes, groupie girls that are stupid and emotionally numb, they don't glorify drugs and alcohol, they promote rehabilitation and redemption that comes even 20 years late... once again great movie. since "leaving las vegas" i was never so moved by a movie.

i didn't approach "still crazy" with any real anticipation. just another rock'n'roll picture, i figured... good nostalgia for the baby boomers. this film is partially that, but so much more. brian gibson, the director, previously helmed a biography of tina turner, and is quite successful in his style. i suppose it is fitting that this was his last film.the cast is well-chosen. bill nighy is perfect in his role as the band's frontman. actor-turned-director bruce robinson appears as the band's washed-up guitarist. he does a superb job, even though he hasn't appeared on film since the late 70's. if you're looking for an touching and funny film (with some great songs), you've found it.7.4 out of 10

i love this movie. it is one of those movies that you can watch time and time again and still find engaging. congratulations!! i believe everyone involved in making the movie and the script should be proud of themselves. it is so eerie, you feel like you are watching a real life band. i would like to see more movies like this. i am glad that they did not choose famous hollywood stars to be in this movie because it probably would not have worked. and even if billy connolly is quite well known, he really got stuck into the role and i could not imagine anybody else playing it. congratulations again, i really believe this movie deserves the peter sellers comedy award for bill nighy. and when you get to the final scene..... well what can i say!!!!

i thought this movie was fantastic. it was hilarious. kinda reminded me of spinal tap. this is a must see for any fan of 70's rock. (i hope me and my friends aren't like that in twenty years!)bill nighy gives an excellent performance as the off kilter lead singer trying to recapture that old spirit,stephen rea fits perfectly into the movie as the glue trying to hold the band together, but not succeeding well.if you love music, and were ever in a band, this movie is definitely for you. you won't regret seeing this movie. i know i don't. even my family found it funny, and that's saying something.

as an aging rocker, this movie mentions heep and quo - my 2 favourite bands ever - but with the incredible cast (everyone) - and the fantastic storyline - i just love this piece of creative genius. i cannot recommend it more highly - and mick jones added so much (foreigner lead and primary songwriter along with the greatest rock singer ever - lou gramm) - i have watched this great work more than 10 times- bill nighy - what a voice - and jimmy nail - talent oozes from every pore - then astrid.... and karen..... what more could an aging rocker ask for!! 10/10 - bloody brilliant.alastair, perth, western oz, originally from windsor, england.

i agree with what "veinbreaker" wrote with regards to the "ahhhh" feeling you get at the end of this movie. i absolutely loved the locations they chose to film, the songs were well written and interesting, especially the psychedelic sounding track on which hans matheson sings. it's trippy. nighy was fab in his role, nail "nailed" it, beano was the typical drummer, and rea kept it together. bruce robinson was awesome. helena was a lovely girlfriend. but i felt juliet aubrey's performance was gorgeous. the scenes between aubrey & robinson killed me! perfectly played and the music behind the scene was spot on! too bad not many more musicians have checked this movie out! they ought to!i've told all my musician friends. great quote by jimmy nail's character: "it's supposed to be rock & roll, not the phantom of the f*****g opera!"

i spotted this movie in the video store a few years ago and rented it. my husband and i enjoyed it so much we bought the vhs and have enjoyed it ever since.the plot has been well-discussed, so no need in going over it again. the point is this movie deserves repeated viewings. americans, especially, aren't going to get all the jokes the first time around. i know i didn't.this movie is funny, touching, sad-- all at the same time. when ray proposes the toast at his daughter's wedding, it's cringe-inducing. when karen calls tony "brian" as he attempts to kiss her, it's heartbreaking. when beano is finally cornered by the woman in black, it's too funny for words.and the music: it's as good as any movie soundtrack i've heard in years. i was dancing in the living room to "all over the world." every performance is absolutely perfect. bill nighy has been justly complimented for his portrayal of ray, a man who has had one too many bad trips. stephen rea is perfect as tony, the lovable keyboard player who has carried a torch for karen all these years. he has an appealing hangdog look that makes women want to hug him. but all the actors are equally brilliant.ignore any pans you read about this movie and see it. it's a gem.

in the voice over which begins the film, hughie(billy connolly), a roadie for the great 70's band strange fruit, said the reason lightning struck at a rock festival to stop strange fruit's set was that god was sick of 70's excess. indeed, it's been popular to put down that era of music, and see punk as a welcome antidote to it. while i agree the excess was tiresome(as well as the misogynistic urges which came out of it), and like punk, i still am a fan of what is considered classic rock or glam rock, and this film about strange fruit's long, strange reunion is an affectionate tribute to those days.one of the reasons the film works is the care of the people behind the scenes. brian gibson directed what's love got to do with it, about tina turner(while i had problems with the dramatic parts of the film, the music was handled very well), writers dick clement and ian le frenais co-wrote the commitments and were behind the music-oriented british tv show over the rainbow, and the songs strange fruit played were co-written by foreigner's mick jones(not to be confused with the clash's mick jones), so it was a meeting of people who knew what they were talking about. also, two cast members are musicians in their own right(bill nye i don't know about, though the film credits him with his own singing, and he certainly looks like a lead singer of that era, while jimmy nail was in another british tv show which was music-oriented, though i forget the name, and he was in evita), and the others are convincing at it. and while, as i said, a lot of 70's bands like strange fruit behaved badly towards women, the movie doesn't make the same mistake(except for the woman who follows timothy spall around); as the manager of the reunion, juliet aubrey is quite good and plays a fully rounded character.the other actors are all good as well, with special praise to stephen rea, who handles the more dramatic role well without sentimentality. there are a couple of plot points which don't work, but overall this is quite enjoyable. oh yeah, and the music is good too.

if you need cheering up on a cold weekday evening, this is the film for you! excellent script and perfectly cast actors. i especially loved ray psyching himself up in front of the mirror before gigs - inspired!

so i rented "still crazy" instead. when i described hardcore logo to the guy at the video store, he said that sounded kind of like still crazy. so i rented it. was i disappointed? well, yes, as still crazy focuses on a classic rock band rather than a punk band, but that's ok. still crazy tells the story of the strange fruit, a rock band that broke up in the 70s at the peak of their popularity at a large rock festival. twenty years later, the band members are all struggling to make a living, and are offered the opportunity to play a concert at the twenty year anniversary of this festival. they take up the offer and decide to reform on a permanent basis, touring europe in the process. some quite funny hijinks ensue, and all the characters go through subtle changes. watching this movie, you feel more like a viewer of a carefully edited documentary than a participant. and that's not bad at all.

what happens to washed up rock-n-roll stars in the late 1990's? they launch a comeback / reunion tour. at least, that's what the members of strange fruit, a (fictional) 70's stadium rock group do.tony (stephen rea) has the concession on condom vending machines when he runs into the son of the promoter of a famous music festival. it was at that festival in the 70's that strange fruit broke up. the 70's are "retro" and the time is right to wide that wave. he sets off in search of the other members of the band.part of what broke up the band was the death and replacement of keith, the lead singer and brilliant song writer. the band was known for its excessive lifestyle and now they are all back amongst the working class from which they came. beano, the drummer, played by timothy spall (who was brilliant in secrets and lies) is a layabout, the bass player is a roofer, and their lead singer is still a rocker. while he owns a huge mansion he has been forced to sell it, as his fortune has not lasted. brian, the lead guitarist, is dead, so a young guitarist is hired to replace him.somewhat reluctantly the band agree to give the reunion a try. abandoning their day jobs, they begin to rehearse, and their manager approaches their label about reissuing their albums. but he wants them to start touring again first. and so they hit the club circuit around europe. the club scene is not kind to these overweight, dated, old rockers.it is on tour that the film really starts to develop. all of the old conflicts rearise, with the figures of keith and brian hovering throughout. they all hang together because they are all in search of a second chance for the greatness that eluded them earlier. and they rediscover some of the interpersonal chemistry that made playing together so enjoyable.still crazy starts as spinal tap ii but gradually becomes a more dramatically focused film, following the relationships of the band members. while it is still a very funny movie, it is the evolving characters, struggling to deal with the deaths of brian and keith and with their own personal demons, that make the film work.

this reminded me of spinal tap, on a more serious level. it's the story of a band doing a reunion tour, but things are not harmonious between them. i was especially impressed with the performance of bill nighy as ray. you felt sorry for him, yet he had a certain creepiness about him. it's a great movie to watch if you have ever seen your favorite band get wrinkly,old and pathetic.bittersweet, highly recommended..

> contrary to most reviews i've read, i didn't feel this followed any of the other rock movies ("spinal tap", etc.) the story was more unique, although i feel most people wanted to see the "sex, drugs & rock and roll" vices that the band kept alluding to.> as an american, i knew a few of the actors - spall, connelly & rea. surprised to find out "brian"/bruce robinson was in zifferedi's (<sp?) classic "romeo & juliet". guess i'll have to rent that next.> "the flame still burns" - my wife, who hails from mexico, didn't follow the english/british language too well, missed some of the jokes (which i dutifully explained) but she cried her eyes out at the concert scene. she loves the song so much now.> funny that amazon.com has the soundtrack for $30+usd when i bought the dvd in the bargain bin at wal-mart for $5.50usd. price non-withstanding, i first saw this on late night cable and have been dying to find it ever since.

the funky, yet strictly second-tier british glam-rock band strange fruit breaks up at the end of the wild'n'wacky excess-ridden 70's. the individual band members go their separate ways and uncomfortably settle into lackluster middle age in the dull and uneventful 90's: morose keyboardist stephen rea winds up penniless and down on his luck, vain, neurotic, pretentious lead singer bill nighy tries (and fails) to pursue a floundering solo career, paranoid drummer timothy spall resides in obscurity on a remote farm so he can avoid paying a hefty back taxes debt, and surly bass player jimmy nail installs roofs for a living. former loving groupie turned patient, understanding, long-suffering manager juliet aubrey gets the group back together for an ill-advised, largely ineffectual and hilariously disastrous twenty years later nostalgic reunion tour of europe. our lovably ragged bunch try gamely, but fumblingly to reignite a flame that once burned quite brightly back in the day. scraggly zonked-out roadie billy connelly and cocky eager beaver young guitarist hans matheson tag along for the delightfully bumpy, trouble-plagued, but still ultimately rewarding and enjoyable ride.director brian gibson shows tremendously infectious respect and adoration for both his amiably screwy characters in particular and loud, ringing, flamboyantly overblown preening 70's rock in general, this imbuing this affectionate little pip with an utterly engaging sense of big-hearted charm and tireless verve. the astute, sharply written script by dick clement and ian la frenais likewise bristles with spot-on dry wit and finely observed moments of joyous on the road inanity, capturing a certain bittersweetly affecting and frequently uproarious vibe that gives the picture itself an irresistibly luminescent glow. ashley rowe's lovely, elegant cinematography ensures that the movie always looks quite visually sumptuous while the perfectly catchy and groovy music does the trick with right-on rockin' flair and aplomb. kudos also to the across-the-board terrific performances that vividly nail the burnt-out soul and tattered, but still fiercely beating heart of a past its prime has-been ragtag rock outfit desperate to regain its erstwhile evanescent glory in one final bid for big time success. all in all, this radiant and touching gem rates highly as one of the true seriocomic sleeper treats from the 90's.

i'm 60 years old, a guitarist, (lead/rhythm), and over the last forty years, i've been in four bands, it's all there, the fights, the foul-ups, the rotten food, the worse accommodation, always travelling, little or no money, and every one was drunk or high. but, the clubs, the fans, and the music, made it all worth it! just like strange fruit! i'm too damn old for it now, and the arthritis in the hands and hips mean no more rocking, but for the length of that video, it all came back, and it was all there! the birds, the brawls, and the booze! and i was young again! it's just like billy connolly's voice over, god likes that 70's stuff! rock on forever!

...heads, hands, and feet - a band from the past, just like strange fruit. a triple whammy there. those who have professed not to like this film are either heartless or under 40, and have had no experience of the real thing. sad for them. this is an achingly well-observed little picture that is an excellent way of passing an hour or two, and will probably not even fade much on the second showing. stephen rae, timothy spall as the fat drummer (in many ways quite the most delightful figure of all), and bill nighy - a new name for me - as the neurotic vocalist and front man all turn in super performances, and juliet aubrey has lovely doe eyes to go with some sharp acting as karen, who tries to hold the band together as they spectacularly self-destruct.the syd barrett/brian wilson echoes are loud and clear, mott the hoople rear up before one in all their inflated ridiculousness, and the script is never mawkish for more than a minute. don't compare this with spinal tap or the rutles or the full monty - it's unfair on all of them. the nearest comparison is the commitments, and that's no bad thing. and any film that can conjure up memories of blodwyn pig - a band i do not remember ever seeing, but the name lives on - well, it shows somebody in the team knew what they were on about.a small delight, and thanks for the memory.oh... and i've got another one - stiff little fingers; a-a-and what about steeleye span... spooky tooth... ten inch nails anyone? (you have to see the movie or have been on the road)

this is perhaps the best rockumentary ever- a british, better this is spinal tap. the characters are believable, the plot is great, and you can genuinely empathise with some of the events- such as ray's problem with fitting in the band.the soundtrack is excellent. real period stuff, even if it is in the same key, you'll be humming some of the songs for days. what i liked was the nearly all-british cast, with some of the favourite household names. ray's wife is priceless...the film never drags, it just goes at the right pace, and has some genuinely funny sections in it. a generator of some really good catchphrases!it's a hidden diamond.

what a good movie! at last a picture revealing a unknown side of rock: illusions of fame. well-known rockers are getting old and forgotten, not the music. and with a good sense of humour. have you ever danced on bill haley's rock around the clock?anyway, still crazy is probably the best movie about rock n'roll i have ever seen. far much better than spinal tap for instance. why? because in still crazy, people are mature. they have a different point of view about rock, about love and about life. they want to catch up with their crazy youth they miss so much. beyond the story itself, we see characters with their own personality, weaknesses and dreams. like anyone of us.spend a good time watching this (listen to the awesome soundtrack! )and finally thinking of your own future.bye!

i found 'still crazy' to be marvelously entertaining, and not only to those of us who lived through that raucous era of late '60s, early '70s rock. my 15 year old daughter watches it with me every time i drag out the dvd (don't worry, it's only been three times) and she loves it too.it is a truly loving, poignant and hilarious nod to the era, and every actor hits his/her notes with perfection. it was my first introduction to bill nighy and i am glad his somewhat similar turn in 'love actually' brought him more attention. bruce robinson was incredible as brian, bringing real life to what could have been a caricature of the drug-damaged rocker stereotype. it was interesting to see that robinson has made quite a name for himself as a writer.i live in sherman oaks, california, and after the first time i saw the movie i bumped into billy connolly at the local mall (he lived here at the time) and told him it was one of my five favorite films of all time. he invited me to sit down at the food court with him and we discussed the movie for some time. we even talked of the idea of an american-oriented remake before wisely dismissing that. why mess with the original?my only problem with 'still crazy' is that it wasn't hugely popular in theaters and too many people have missed out on a wonderful experience.

hello, i was alanrickmaniac. i'm a still crazy-holic. it was just another movie i watched partly on tv. then i had to get the video tape to finally find out how it ends. then i wanted the dvd, because the tape showed first signs of decay after a few weeks. after the dvd i had to lay my hands on the soundtrack. then on several film posters and the film script. right now it has become that worse that i try to push other people into addiction with my website and still crazy parties. how could that happen? what drove me into addiction? ok, it's one of those funny but somehow sad and melancholic intelligent comedies like only the british can produce. alright, the movie is worlds apart from stuff like ''this is spinal tap'', because of the characters, that aren't childish or ultra cool, but real. this is a story about men getting older, too. a story about men getting along with each other. or don't. it contains some of the best actors possible. tim spall. stephen rea. bruce robinson. jimmy nail. and bill nighy. bill nighy who puts on one of the best performances i've ever seen in a film.good, the soundtrack is unbelievable. foreigner's mick jones has written the songs for the imaginary band strange fruit. jimmy nail who plays bass-man les wickes and bill nighy portraying the egocentric but awkward singer ray simms are really singing. we know that about jimmy nail, but if you've only heard bill nighy's singing in "love actually", you have no idea how great and powerful his voice is. well, you'll fever for every scene to come for the x-th time, especially those concert scenes. you'd die to be able to really stand in the dancing crowd when strange fruit is doing "all over the world", singing on the top of your lungs. you long to cry and celebrate with thousands of people the rebirth of the real strange fruit at wisbech's festival stage. it's hard but... i'm addicted to this film. i'm addicted to strange fruit. if there's a world where this band really exists i'd like to move there. got still crazy... anyone?

this movie is tremendous for uplifting the spirits.every time i watch it, i see & hear funny little things that i missed before.the soundtrack is unbelievable. mick jones (foreigner) and chris difford (squeeze) penned the songs, making strange fruit the best thing that ever hit today's music scene.unfortunately, strange fruit are a strictly fictitional washed up '60's to 70's band that were never good to begin with, due to drug use and inner fighting. one wonders what might have been, while listening to their fanatstic soundtrack.the fruit draw inspiration from the rolling stones, deep purple, david bowie, and the who.each member of fruit are quite memorable. stephen rea stars as down-and-dead-broke tony costello, who is asked by a festival promoter to reunite his band for a reunion tour, with hopes of reaping monetary benefits. costello haply approaches ex-roadie karen knowles, played by juliet aubrey, to help him rekindle the flame of a dream long past.juliet gathers up the bitter jimmy nail (les wickes), blundering timothy spall (david 'beano' baggot), and extravagantly glamouresque ray simms (bill nighy). tumbling in is another ex-roadie, the hippy-toker-jokester hughie (billy connolly), who never let the flame burn out.as juliet searches for the last member of their motley band, the elusive guitarist-songwriter brian lovell (played by the brooding bruce robinson), the reunited members squabble, just like old times, fighting over each others' rusty talent.the band is then given the chance to do a small dutch tour, to prepare for the festival. with young hendrix-like luke shand (hans matheson) taking the place of lovell, the crew hits the road. the sparks fly as their memories flame forward, threatening to burn their unfinished goals...be prepared to laugh, sing, cheer, and cry, as these memorable characters etch themselves back into your hearts...

parsifal (1982) starring michael kutter, armin jordan, robert lloyd, martin sperr, edith clever, aage haugland and the voices of reiner goldberg, yvonne minton, wolfgang schone, director hans-jurgen syberberg.straight out of the german school of film, the kind that favored tons of symbolism and ingmar bergmanesque surrealism, came this 1982 film of wagner's final masterpiece- parsifal, written to correspond with good friday/easter and the consecration of the bayreuth opera house. this film follows the musical score and plot accurately but the manner in which it was filmed and performed is bold and avant-garde and no other parsifal takes the crown in its bizarre cinematography. syberberg is known for controversial films. prior to this film he had released films about hitler and nazism, richard wagner and his personal anti-semitism and a documentary about winifred wagner, one of his grand-daughters. this film is possibly disturbing in many aspects. parsifal (sung by reiner goldberg but acted by michael kutter) is a male throughout the first part of the film and then, after the enchantment of kundry's kiss, is transformed into a female. this gender-bending element displays the feminine/masculine/ying-yang nature of the quest for the holy grail, which serves all mankind and redeems it through christ's blood. in the pagan sorcerer klingsor's fortress, there are photographs of such notoriously sinister figures as hitler, nietzche, cosima wagner and wagner's mistress matilde wesendock. the swaztika flag hangs outside the fortress. parsifal journeys into the 19th and 20th century throughout the film. the tempting flower maidens are in the nude. kundry is portrayed as a sort of beautiful but corrupt mary magdalene or eve from genesis (played by edith clever but beautifully sung by mezzo-soprano yvonne minton). ultimately, this film is for fans of this type of bizarre germanic/european symbolic metafiction and for intellectuals who appreciate the symbolism, the history and lovers of wagner opera. indeed, the singing is grand and compelling. reiner goldberg's parsifal is a focused and intense voice but it lacks the depth and overall greatness of the greater parsifals of the stage - james king, wolfgang windgassen, rene kollo and today's own placido domingo. yvone minton is a sensual-voiced, dramatic and exciting kundry, delving into her tormented state perfectly. while the production is certainly unorthodox and as un-wagnerian as it can possibly get (wagner's concept was christian ceremonial pomp with grails, spears, castles, knights and wounded kings, a dark sorcerer, darkness turning into light, etc typical wagnerian themes)..it is still an enjoyable, art-house film.

this very peculiar setting of wagner's last opera definitely grew on me. when i first saw it, i was somewhat annoyed by many of the films surrealistic images, and felt that far too much was superimposed upon the story. however, if you can put up with a fair amount of rather recherché "gimmicks," i think you will find that the film does manage to capture the very strange, other-worldly atmosphere of the opera, and that there are moments which are particularly fine.personally, i never really understood the role of kundry until i saw how edith clever portrayed her. her performance (a lip-synchronized mime of the singing voice of yvonne minton) is nothing short of dazzling, from end to end, and alone justifies the hours it takes to absorb the film.another reason to delight in this film is that it captures the spectacular interpretation of robert lloyd of the crucial role of gurnemanz, one which lloyd has performed to a crisp at opera houses throughout the world. i have been privileged to enjoy him in the role of gurnemanz on the stage of the metropolitan opera several times, and the lusciousness of his voice, and the warm, fatherliness of his interpretation of this noble character really needed to be preserved, as did his performance in the character's two major monologues, the karfreitag scene and the recounting of the prophecy in act 1.the version i have seen was a videotape made for america, and so there were subtitles which, alas, could not be done away with. this is especially unfortunate because the translation used is very inaccurate and forces an extremely christian interpretation on a film which is already forcing layers of interpretation on the opera. this seemed to me to be quite contrary both to wagner's clear avoidance of christianity, and his very deliberate attempt to "generalize" the christian elements of the story. (see footnote with spoiler at the end of this review.) i find it nearly impossible, when viewing a film with subtitles, to keep from absorbing them, and strongly recommend that, if in the dvd versions you have the ability to turn the subtitles off, you do so, and instead, if the opera is unfamiliar to you, that you read the libretto carefully beforehand.the bottom line is that there is much in the film which i dislike, and would just as soon have seen done differently...but it has risen steadily in my estimation over the years since i first saw it, and i find myself drawn to enjoy it again and again.__________________________________________________________________footnote containing a spoiler: a good example would be kundry's famous line, "i saw him...him...and laughed." this gets translated, in the subtitles, for reasons which escape me, as "i saw the savior's face." it is especially irritating to me, because throughout the libretto, wagner very deliberately and carefully refers to this unseen character who need not be the biblical jesus as "der heiland," i.e., the german for "the healer"--a reference to the wound of amfortas, and to all wounds and maladies and the need for healing.

updated january 1st, 2006parsifal is one of my two favorite wagner operas or music dramas, to be more accurate, (meistersinger is the other.) though it's hard to imagine it as the "top of anyone's pops". the libretto, by the composer as usual, is a muddle of religion, paganism, eroticism, and possibly even homo-eroticism, and its length may make it seem to the audience like hearing paint dry.wagner, being a famous anti-semite, (klingsor may be one of his surrogate jewish villains.) naturally entrusted the premiere to an unconverted (not for want of rw's trying!) hermann levi, who was his favorite conductor! (go figure!) kundry, a most mixed-up-gal and another likely jewish surrogate, is both villainous or benevolent, depending on the scene.considering that many video versions of parsifal seem on the stodgy side, this film of the opera is, in comparison, a breath of fresh air. hans-jürgen syberberg, the director, has brought considerable imagination to it but it's hard to know why he made some of his choices. for example: the notorious dual parsifals (of each gender!), the puppets, the death-mask-of-wagner set and various dolls and symbols such as the nazi swastika in one of the traveling scenes. (if i remember, the "real" engelbert humperdinck wrote the actual music to pad out the scene changes.) though wagner himself died much too early to be an actual nazi, many of his descendants (as well as his second wife cosima.) were at least fellow-travelers, including their grandson wolfgang wagner who still runs the bayreuth festival at an advanced age. in fact, wolfgang's son gottfried wagner, in complete opposition to his father, has tried to come to terms honestly with his great-grandfather.syberberg, too, seems politically ambiguous from what i've read. in 1977, he made a well-known film on hitler, "hitler: ein film aus deutschland" (sometimes called "our hitler" in english.). since it lasts all of 8 hours and hasn't been widely distributed, most people have not seen it (including myself.).armin jordan, the conductor of the audio cd on which this film is based, plays amfortas (sung by wolfgang schöne) edith clever (yvonne minton) plays kundry, michael kutter and karin krick play the dual parsifals (both sung by reiner goldberg.!) and robert lloyd and aage haugland both play and sing gurnemanz and klingsor.though the opera takes place over a long period of time and all (except kundry?) have been described as having aged considerably between acts 2 and 3, no one looks a day older by the end of the opera. (the magic of the grail? in this opera the grail is the cup from which jesus drank at the last supper and not mary magdalene as in more recent times, an idea i find preposterous!).the conducting and singing are all quite serviceable and the dvd seems to have improved the sound, if not the picture, to a great extent. (yes, i agree that "kna's" approach is superior, even on the second, stereo, version but he is probably superior to all recorded versions on the whole.)not a parsifal for all wagnerites but i think it works quite well as a filmed opera.

rock star: inxs was the best music tv series i have ever watched! it had some of the greatest rock n' roll songs ever written, performed by 15 very talented singers/performers. it also had (in my opinion) the most heart-felt, feel-good, surprise endings in all of reality tv. it actually made me shed tears of happiness for the winner!!! over the 13 weeks of this televised competition, the viewing audience got to know and became familiar with all of the contestants. after 30-some episodes the remaining contestants seemed more like friends than just some more strangers competing against each other on a reality tv show. and the fact that inxs was, and still is, one of the greatest rock n' roll bands ever just added to the emotional tension created by this wonderful reality series. if you don't have the series recorded, rock star: inxs the dvd is a great alternative.

as has been well documented by previous posters, the real stars of rockstar: inxs - and, indeed it's sequel, rockstar: supernova - are paul mirkovich, rafael moreira, jim mcgorman, nate morton and sasha krivtsov. don't know who they are? they are the awesome, tight, rockin' house band whose music savvy and talent made this show something more than a sad american idol clone.remember the "strings" night? that was musical precision and perfection if ever i've seen it. suzie mcneil's epic rendition of queen's 'bohemian rhapsody', ty taylor's memorable cover of the stones' 'you can't always get...', jd fortune singing "suspicious minds". the common denominator here is the awesome house band.as good as inxs were in their prime, they are sadly a shadow of their former selves, though jd's live performance has somewhat breathed new life into their music, this show is all about the hb.memo to producers: season three (if we're blessed enough to have it happen) should be rockstar: house band. get those boys a good lead singer and they are going places.

this movie is a perfect portrayal of the nutcracker; the dancing is wonderful, the scenery in the background was excellent, and i loved that floating bed.oh, and the costumes... i particularly loved marzipan's, the tutu was adorable. the special effects were very well done (e.g. the tree, the bed, etc.), and i quite enjoyed the rats. i love how they didn't make them scary, but cute and huggable. except for the king, i suppose.if you're a thoroughly masculine person, you won't enjoy this, but this is a very good movie that's good for all ages - just not all levels of testosterone.but i have a few complaints.firstly, why did they have to put the sugar plum fairy's partner in those terrible tights? it would barely make a difference if he was butt naked! and secondly.. why on earth did they have to make culkin's outfit pink?

those who have given this production such a low rating probably have never seen the celebrated george balanchine production live onstage, or are letting their disdain for the star casting of macaulay culkin influence their judgement. the atlanta ballet was fortunate enough, from the 1960's to the 1980's, to be the first ballet company authorized to stage this production other than the new york city ballet, and i have seen it live onstage several times. i can assure readers that the film is a quite accurate rendering of this production, and that the use of a child with limited dancing abilities in the title role is not a cheap stunt dreamed up to showcase culkin; it was balanchine's idea to use a child in this role, just as it was his idea to use a child for the role of marie. the "heavy" dancing is left to the adults in the story.this is deliberately a stagebound film; in a way, it resembles laurence olivier's "othello". exactly as in that film, the sets of the stage production have been enlarged to the size of a movie soundstage, but not made any less artificial, and the ballet is straightforwardly photographed with discreet closeups, and without the distracting "music video" quick cuts featured in the 1986 overrated maurice sendak-carroll ballard version. there are only two false steps in this 1993 film. one is the addition of distracting and completely unnecessary sound effects (mouse squeaks, the children whispering "ma-gic!" to drosselmeyer,etc.). those sound effects are never heard in any stage production of any "nutcracker", and they have been put in as a cheap concession simply to appease unsophisticated audiences who may not relish the idea of watching a ballet on film.the other false step is macaulay culkin's nutcracker make-up, which looks absolutely ridiculous. when he is on screen as the nutcracker, rather than wearing a huge mask (as is always done when the balanchine production is performed onstage), culkin is actually made up as the toy - he wears what looks like a bald cap, as well as a white wig, whiskers, and a beard. he also has his face rouged up somewhat, and the worst aspect of his make-up is that it is still recognizably his face, amateurishly transformed in a manner similar to ray bolger, jack haley and bert lahr's makeups in "the wizard of oz" (that film's makeup results though, worked spectacularly, as this one's does not). and a comparison with baryshnikov's nutcracker in *his* production shows how wonderfully creative baryshnikov's nutcracker mask was - the "jaws" actually seemed to move whenever baryshnikov tilted his head back.the dancing itself in the macaulay culkin version is excellent, of course, except for culkin himself, whose dancing, as i said, isn't meant to even be spectacular. (the sugar plum fairy and her cavalier are the prominent dancing roles in balanchine's production of "the nutcracker".) the film's colors, though, could be a bit brighter since this is a fantasy. the choreography is also brilliant, and the adaptation of it is so faithful as to include the sequence that features additional music from tchaikovsky's ballet "the sleeping beauty" - as marie sneaks downstairs, falls asleep on the sofa, and dreams that drosselmeyer is "repairing" the broken nutcracker (this sequence was, of course, never included in tchaikovsky's original ballet---it is the only sequence in this production which features music from a work other than "the nutcracker").those who have missed out on this film, or those who despise (or loathe it) should give it a chance, despite its two big drawbacks. it is far better than it seems when one first hears that culkin is in it.

both visually and musically stunning. a treat for both the eye and the ear. the quintessential victorian element of the opening sequences were completely enchanting, helping to create a christmas scene of which dickens himself would have been justifiably proud. technically the production is visually stimulating and the special effects are both imaginatively devised and creatively achieved in a traditional stage setting. the dancing of many of the lead artistes is breathtakingly good. the photography and lighting are first class and the sound recording admirably matches the overall high level of technical skills employed. a great film for all the family at christmas time and a most delightful discovery which will withstand multiple viewing.

as far as i can recall, balanchine's alterations to tchaikovsky's score are as follows:1) the final section of the grossvatertanz (a traditional tune played at the end of a party) is repeated several times to give the children a last dance before their scene is over.2) a violin solo, written for but eliminated from tchaikovsky's score for the sleeping beauty, is interpolated between the end of the party scene and the beginning of the transformation scene. balanchine chose this music because of its melodic relationship to the music for the growing christmas tree that occurs shortly thereafter.3) the solo for the sugar plum fairy's cavalier is eliminated.it seems to me the accusation that balanchine has somehow desecrated tchaikovsky's great score is misplaced.

many critics have felt offended that r.w. fassbinder has portrayed both protagonist wilkie and the nazis in this movie in a human-like manner. connoisseurs of other fassbinder films, however, will realize that "lili marleen" (1981) belongs to fassbinder's "women movies" like "the marriage of maria braun" (1979) and "lola" (1981). fassbinder was convinced that "stories can be told much better with women than with men", because, according to fassbinder, while men usually fulfill their determined roles in society, "women are capable of thinking in a dialectic manner". dialectics, however, means that there is not only a thesis and its antithesis like usually in our black-and-white world, but a synthesis where the oppositions coincide. moreover, dialectic means that because of the third instance of synthesis the absolute opposition of the difference between thesis and antithesis is abolished. concretely speaking: starting from a dialect point of view and portraying the fascist state, the underground fighters must necessarily use the basic means like the rulers do, and between offenders and victims there is thus a chiastic relation, so that every offender is also victim and every victim is also offender. fassbinder has illustrated this abstract scheme, that transcends classical logic, in his play "the city, the garbage and the death" (1975) which was filmed by daniel schmid under the title "shadow of angels" (1976).therefore, approaching an a priori controversial topic like nazi germany, in a dialectic manner, the depiction of this time in the form of a movie gets even more controversial, especially for people who cannot or do not want to see that our recognition of the world is by far not exhausted with a primitive light-switch schema, but needs the third instance of synthesis as controlling instance of its opposite members thesis and antithesis. the mutual relationship between offenders and victims has to scrutinized, since it is simply not true that the offenders are the bad ones and the victims the good ones. in a synthetic viewpoint, the bad ones participate on the goodness as the good ones participate on the badness. they are mutually related. in a world-view based on classical logic, a relation between good and bad cannot even been established, and in an ethics based on this insufficient system of logic, the bad conscience of the survivors of nazi germany, feeling (illogically enough) responsible for the deeds of their ancestors, exclude the possibility of a relationship between the two extremes and thus a synthesis in the form a new evaluation based on this relationship as well. from fassbinder's dialectic viewpoint, it follows that neither lili marleen nor lola nor maria braun can be condemned for their "misuse" of the ruling system for their private purposes, because they don't misuse them, they just use them. in the opposite, since victims must repeat the actions of the offenders as the offenders must repeat the actions of the victims, because "good" and "bad" are no longer simple mirror images of one another like in two-valued logic, their strategies are legitimated by the chiastic structure of a logic that describes our world, that is not black and white at all, much better than a black-and-white logic.

i consider this movie a masterpiece, but it took me at least 4 o 5 times to see it, so as to realize what a great movie it was. first, it describes a face of ww2 that we don't usually see in hollywood movies. in particular, german soldiers, army and the nazi government are shown more "humanized". one of the facts that impressed me most was the mention, by the end of the movie, of a murder that took place in a forest in the last 20's... that forest is the place where the final chapters of berlin alexanderplatz take place: those are the woods where reinhold kills mieze. another clue for those who like the details, is the representation of doors. fassbinder is obsessed with the changes in people each time they walk across a door, or a door is opened. many doors are shown in the screen, opened and closed. and the characters change in their personality, their acts, etc any time that happens. have you noticed that?

i caught a bit of this concert on public television and knew i had to have it. the boys give everyone at the royal albert an excellent, often thrilling performance complete in every way. pure, too - no synth, no smoke-shrouded lasers and strobes, no grandiose entrance (and an unstoned, serious, and appreciative audience, all of whom left their bottle rockets at home).if you're a cream fan (or if you've only heard of them); if you're a blues fan; if you're a rock 'n' roll fan; you will not be disappointed when you view and listen to this dvd. you also will never lose this dvd because you'll never lend it to anyone. (this dvd justifies selfishness! tell them to get their own!) it's too good and too replayable; you'll want to keep it within easy reach.

i first saw a track from this dvd at a hifi show nov 2006 in london ( i was not really into cream until now!!).it was through a high end arcam system,it sounded great with dts.i had to get this dvd and i'll tell you this is by far the most exciting music dvd i have ever watched.the performance of cream at their age was just mind blowing and sound quality is the best i have heard on a music dvd.it does not matter what type of music you like,this one will definitely grow on you.it's the sheer brilliance of their performance that will make you watch it again and again.even new musicians don't cut the mustard these days, as these old rockers do.

i've loved all of cream's work, even as there is such a small and precious catalog of work to take hold. even when they go for as long as twenty minutes with some of their songs (spoonful and toad off of wheels of fire are prime examples) still rock the socks off of more than half of any given rock act working today. this power to gel on stage is given one of the most anticipate rock band reunions ever with their royal albert hall shows last year. they may have gotten older, as have their fans, but the energy is still there, with the great arrangements of classic blues songs as well as their own. the renditions of white room, badge, politician, spoonful, sunshine of your love, not one seems to miss a beat. clapton's solos have a formation that he sometimes doesn't have when on stage with his solo band. ginger baker, enough said. jack bruce is sturdy enough with his vocals still with a kind of power that clapton could never get on his own. bottom line, if you want to see what were the best shows you wish you had seen last year (well, some may have seen them), it's all on this dvd, with cool special features.

so often a band will get together for a re-union concert only to find that they just can't get it together. not so here. this concert is just shear brilliance from start to finish. these three musicians obviously got together beforehand and plotted and planned what was needed to ensure this was not just a nostalgic bash to satisfy someone's ego. this is obvious from the start, before they even step on stage. many faces in the crowd weren't even born when these guys first performed. from the first song they capture that old magic that was cream, 3 men, 3 instruments, no fuss. clapton, by his own admission, said he had to stretch himself for this concert because there were no keyboards, synthesizers etc so we get to see him at his best. ginger baker demonstrates why so many drummers today, speak of him as some sort of drumming guru. jack bruce just great. they really managed to put together a piece of magic that will stand the test of time for many years to come. this one's a 10 for me.

eric clapton, jack bruce and ginger baker re-unite to play all their songs from 35 years ago when they formed a trio called "cream." those were the psychedelic days of england and america and these guys looked it: all skinny, very long hair, wild clothes and loud music. they played a combination of rock and blues and it was, for the most part, good stuff.well, these guys are now 60-something years old and they can still sing and play at a high level as this wonderful dvd concert disc shows us. i was always extremely familiar with clapton, of course, who has never been out of the limelight, but i didn't know what to expect from bruce and baker, neither of whom i hadn't seen in decades. they surprised me. when he was young, baker was so gaunt he looked like a speed freak near death. now he looks healthy, in shape and his drum playing was solid. bruce looked a bit haggard but his voice is great, as good as ever and a pleasure to hear on these old songs. this is just excellent material and performing from guys who know what they're doing.some people criticized this show for being low-key. i don't agree with that. i have no complaints. the concert sounded very good. the second song, "spoonful," was outstanding, the highlight of the concert for me.highly recommended.

harman and isings 'old mill pond' is a true masterpiece of the art of animation. the consummate skill and artistry that characterise this duos work is nowhere more in evidence than in this cartoon. it is a shame that so many people can see only offence in what is, and was always intended to be, a light hearted piece of entertainment that in no way sought to denigrate black people. if anything it is a tribute to the infectious humour and musicality of the black race. i have not been able to view this confection for many years as the 'race commissars' in england have deemed it too offensive to be shown in multi racial britain. if anyone knows where i can obtain a copy i would dearly love to view this masterpiece again. i think those who routinely look for messages and intent that were never intended in these cartoons, which are, after all, sixty years old, should try to lighten up and remember that the world is a very different place today, but that does not mean that anyone has the right to censor what is viewable from the past.

i just saw this cartoon for the first time and recognized the caricatures of famous black entertainers... cab calloway, bessie smith, (not josephine baker or sophie tucker, who was white), thomas "fats" waller, bill "bojangles" robinson, stepin fetchit (notwithstanding) louis armstrong and the chorus girls are out of the famed "cotton club" in harlem. true... stereotypes are there, but this was the way it was... and these cartoons were meant as adult entertainment at your local cinema before the main feature. harmann & ising cartoons tended to be more "cutesy" and more upscale, (after all... we are talking about m-g-m) than the standard animated short done over at warners, paramount, universal, fox, rko or lowly columbia. even disney's very early mickey mouse had loads of barnyard humor before uncle walt cleaned him up just before he went "technicolor".disney had some cartoons with caricatures of black entertainers as well... for example, 1937's silly symphony "woodland cafe". but we have to remember that these films are part of a certain time and place. 50 years from now... clips of the simpsons, family guy, and south park will be also scrutinized, analyzed... and even vilified by future viewers.

this is te cartoon that should have won instead of country cousin. visually well-done and much more entertaining and memorable. worth watching just for the music alone! although there are elements that undoubtably will bruise the sensibilities of some these days, the cartoon has to be given a bit of perspective. it's over sixty years old and it is, after all, just a cartoon. i'm disabled and if i were as hyper-sensitive as the folks who look at things like this cartoon and take umbrage, i would have long since curled up in a fetal position and faded away. sometimes you need to lighten up, put your head back and float! caricatures of celebrities in cartoons were common in the 1930s and 1940s and were almost never terribly flattering. bing crosby reportedly hated it when he was used on more than one occasion. *sigh*

the old mill pond is more of a tribute to the african-american entertainers of the '30s than any denigration of the entire race (stepin fetchit caricature notwithstanding). besides who i just mentioned, there's also frog or fish versions of cab calloway, fats waller, joesphine baker, bill "bojangles" robinson, and louis armstrong. this happy harmonies cartoon from hugh harmon and rudolf ising is very entertaining musically with perfect characterizations all around. they all sound so much like the real thing that half of me thinks they could possibly be. if not, they're certainly very flattering impersonations. even the lazy, shiftless fetchit characterization gets an exciting workout here when he gets chased by a tiger as "hold that tiger" plays on the score. highly recommended for fans of '30s animation and jazz music.

much underrated camp movie on the level of cobra woman, etc. photographic stills resemble rembrandt prints. sometimes subtle dialog and hidden literate touches found throughout.

i just saw this movie for the first time ever and i liked it. her dancing was very entertaining. i read somewhere that she got the part in this movie because she knew how to dance. the scenery was great too. yvonne is such a talented woman and beautiful. we laughed at the silly kissing scenes, but that is what is great about old movies! i grew up with her on the munsters and i am enjoying watching her in her earlier movies. they may not all be the best out there but still worth watching to see her act and sing. i am slowly purchasing all her movies and watching them as i receive them. i have a large collection of her memorabilia.

miss decarlo's starring debut has everything the writers could come up with -- from the franco-prussian war to the us civil war, the great american west, san francisco in its heyday, ballet, opera, vaudeville, stage coach bandits, and a chinese junk. just when you thought the plot couldn't get any screwier, it does. it's magnificent, taken tongue in cheek. decarlo's character (here called anna marie -- not salome, that's the role she dances) is loosely based on the career of the notorious lola montez, who was the mistress of the king of prussia and caused a revolution when he gave her the crown jewels. she did escape to the american west. there is a town in arizona called "salome, where she danced," based on the historical fact that lola montez did dance the role of salome there. stagecoach cleve and the russian nobleman who fall under her charms are not historically accurate, nor i assume is the chinese wise man with the scottish accent -- but it is one of my favorite all time camp classics and decarlo is breathtakingly beautiful throughout.

shall we dance is an excellent film because it shows how something, like dancing, can rejuvenate the life flow in the human spirit.dance is seen as the expression of existence, and the birth of individuality. the is certainly the case with aoki. at work he is a humble office denizen, but place him on the dance floor and all his bottled up intensity is released. surprisingly, this release is frowned upon in japan, due to the rigid culture of conformity. at the start of the film, all the characters are ashamed or frightened of their desire to dance. they will be scorned, or deemed perverted, for expressing their passion through dance.this film is well worth watching to witness the rebirth of human emotions and passions. it will leave a smile on your face for days.

i thought this film was just about perfect. the descriptions/summaries you'll read about this movie don't do it justice. the plot just does not sound very interesting, but it is. just rent it and you will not be sorry!!

this is far more than the charming story of middle-aged man discovering the pleasures of ballroom dancing (although it is that as well). it's the tale of one person learning to love life again, pushing past all the pressures of work and money to discover joy once more. the bonus in this film is a fascinating insight into the slowly changing attitudes of modern japan toward everything from ballroom dancing to physical contact. there are scenes that will make you laugh out loud ... a few where you'll want to get up and tango ... and many others where you'll just feel good.this is a great introduction to contemporary japanese filmmaking for those who might be under the impression that all japanese movies are "heavy" and inaccessible. 

this film revolves as much around japanese culture as it does the lives of one modern japanese family. physical contact is frowned upon for those over 7 (especially in public) hence all that bowing instead of hugging even when you are close friends/ relatives. ballroom dancing involves putting your arms around someone else and that in public too! never the less ballroom dancing is (on the quite) immensely popular. people who do ballroom dancing in japan are viewed a bit like nudists in the west... many more would like to than do but are inhibited by the culture. a delightful family film, which any amateur dancer would enjoy for the dance sequences alone. i understand that it was more popular than titanic in japan. i guess the japanese are just like the rest of us - they like to be hugged too.

i approached this film with low expectations but was very pleasantly surprised. it is very well done and it beats hands down the ballroom dancing movies of recent years, especially "strictly ballroom". while the music is nice and the dancing colourful, for me the movie is not about dancing. it is about the very japanese institution that gives male office workers long commutes to work and free time after work for entertainment that does not involve their families. here we have the man with the complete family and the large mortgage and a flagging zest for life. he is drawn to the attractive image of a young woman in a dance studio he passes during his commute and this leads him to try ballroom dancing. also japanese is the fact that the lecherous motives that initiated his new passion are made plain but somehow accepted, at least eventually, by family and audience. attitudes to ballroom dancing, as conveyed in the film, are definitely non-western, though the discipline and the music are clearly cultural imports to japan. the cultural contrasts are thus intriguing. even without the cultural insights, the colour, the dance and the enthusiasm of the players all make this a fun film to watch.

absolutely stunning, warmth for the head and the heart. the kind of movie western movie makers are too rushed, too frenetic to even attempt. my kids watched it, and they loved it too. what real people--goes to show you how cultural differences (the japanese setting) is less important than the human similarities. go see it, whether you like dancing or not.

masayuki suo, who directed this fine film, is on a role. after the decent "fancy dance" and the classic (in japan, anyway) college-sumo comedy "shiko funjatta", suo has followed his own huge footsteps with a smashing success.the story is engaging. we both laugh often (naoto takenaka is hilarious, as he is in suo's two previous films) and really root for the characters. but to me the big bonus is the look this movie gives the viewer into japanese society - real life in japan. suo has a knack for showing real-life activities with entertaining flair. the result is a movie that will pull you in, make you laugh, make you think, and both entertain you and give you insight into today's japan.also look for the the main 8 actors from shiko funjatta, as they all appear again in various roles, from supporting characters (takenaka) to short cameos (many).

this is a very real and funny movie about a japanese man having a mid-life crisis. in japan, ballroom dancing is not approved of. but when shohei sugiyama becomes obsessed with meeting the beautiful young girl he sees in the window of a dance studio, he suddenly finds himself enrolled in dance classes. no one is more surprised when he begins to like it than he. but he must keep his secret pleasure from his coworkers and family. when the truth comes out it is quite funny.

it is not the same as the other films about dancing. a few normal people found themselves from dancing. unlike the dancing films in hollywood, the characters in this film are not handsome or hot young people. they are someone that you may see everyday in your offices. they are some depressed about their lives and finally find themselves and their dreams from dancing. this touches me very deeply.

a sweet and totally charming film, shall we dansu? made me laugh and cry. at first appearance, sugiyama-san was not terribly appealing--an uptight salaryman, seemingly devoted to his family, but all too easily captivated by a face in a window. the object of his obsession is distant and cold. but by the end of the movie, i was in love with him, her, his wife and daughter, all the dance instructors and dance students. this uncomplicated story of transformation and renewal is a little jewel that i would enjoy seeing again.

"shall we dance?", a light-hearted flick from japan, tells of an overworked accountant and family man who is attracted to a dance studio by a beautiful woman he see's from the train during his daily commute. what he finds in the studio are lessons in dancing and, most of all, himself. funny, poignant, and utterly charming, "swd" is an award winning film well worth a look by more mature viewers. (b)

i just saw this delightful japanese feature film at the 5th annual roger ebert overlooked film festival in the historic virginia theatre in champaign, illinois.although this film, subtitled in english, has ballroom dancing as its heart, the film actually shows the world outside of japan how the rigid structures of family, employment (salaryman), and recreation still exist in modern day japan.writer/director suo masauki [i follow japanese custom of presenting the family name (last name) first and the given name (last)] uses the not so very popular theme of ballroom dancing to show the societal structure of japan. [also, i shall not use the movie character names when world readers may not be familiar with japanese formal names which may confuse. i will refer to theactors by their professional acting name as listed in the internet data movie base.] he enlists the aid of his real-life wife, professional ballet dancer kusakari tamiyo in her first and, so far, only motion picture. she is a dance teacher at her father's dance studio. yet, her real ambition is to compete once more in an international dance competition which she was disqualified from in the past. no, i won't say "why." see the movie.salaryman yakusyo koji is the main star of the film. a veteran of about 25 films since 1979, he gives a sterling performance of a 40's something companymanwho has a lovely wife, teenage daughter, and just purchased the house of hislonging.and, yet, something is missing from his own inner happiness. see this film to learn how he becomes "involved" with ballroom dancing and secretly goes tolessons. most of the dancing characters are liberated from the traditionaljapanese hierarchy of social structure. they are friendly and warm and inviting. of course, this is in sharp contrast to how japanese society is structured with it's "place for everyone and everyone in its place" philosophy.the movie has so many funny moments. the almost 1,500 theater goers brokeinto spontaneous laughter during many of the comedic moments. this provesthat comedy has no foreign language. veteran actor takenaka naoto is funny and brilliant as well as watanabe eriko. they are two funny character actors.one could purchase and read a college text book regarding the structure of life in japan, or, you could watch this fine film and begin to understand how thepeople of japan grow up in a fairly rigid societal structure. watching the movie "shall we dansu?" is a quick immersion into further study and viewing otherjapanese films. i recommend this film to all. it's funny, it's charming, it will make you cry a little, and it will warm your heart.

i lived in tokyo for 7 months. knowing the reality of long train commutes, bike rides from the train station, soup stands, and other typical scenes depicted so well, certainly added to my own appreciation for this film which i really, really liked. there are aspects of japanese life in this film painted with vivid colors but you don't have to speak japanese to enjoy this movie. director suo's tricks were subtle for the most part; i found his highlighting the character called tamako tamura with a soft filter, making her sublime, a tiny bit contrived but most of the directors tricks were so gentle that i was fully pulled in and just danced with his characters. or cried. or laughed aloud. wonderful. a+.

i always look forward to this movie when its on tv. have to get the dvd i guess. the range of different types of people is great. it says to me that anyone can be a dancer if they try hard enough. my favorite character must be mr.aoki. he is so quirky but so full of emotions. it is a perfect movie with wonderful dancing. unfortunately we never get the chance to see them go to blackpool. would make for the perfect sequel if they had. but i guess it leaves it to your imagination to what could of happened.a very simple and innocent story. he stays loyal to his wife and daughter.i haven't seen the hollywood remake. not sure if i want to. i don't really enjoy jennifer lopez. i think richard gere more matches the original than lopez. i have a feeling that the remake is not as simple and innocent.

everyone in the cast, from sugiyama to aoki and toyoko is someone we know in everyday life. they were so natural, and sugiyama's transformation is incredibly believable. the score is so moving, it brought me to tears. the choreography was beautiful without seeming athletic. mai's graceful dancing and charm gave me goosebumps. tamako is such a wonderfully delightful character. you can almost see the charmed schoolgirl in her face as she reminisces about seeing "the king and i". aoki's character is both hilarious and pitiful. masako is so overwhelmingly natural as the bewildered wife, you almost want to hug her to reassure her that everything will be all right.this film is truly a keeper.

if you are tired of films trying too hard to be fairy tales (the "pretty woman" variety love story), here is a beautiful film in which a japanese businessman is pulled free from his robotic, dispassionate life when he falls in love...with dancing. wonderfully drawn characters bring to life a story that is at once deeply funny and poignantly moving.

funny. sad. charming. these are all words that floated through my head while i was watching this beautiful, simple film.it is rare that a movie truly moves me, but "shall we dance?" accomplished that with grace to spare. gentle humor mixed in with occasional subtle agony made this easily one of the best experiences of my movie-viewing history. it left me with a quiet sense of exultation, but with a small touch of sadness mixed in.and the dancing, oh yes, the dancing. even if you are not a lover of the art, or can't put one foot in front of another, the steps displayed here will take your breath away, and make you want to sign up for classes as fast as you can. it was absolutely enchanting, even the parts that show sugiyama's (touchingly portrayed by koji yakusho) stilted steps when he was first learning to dance were lovely in a humorous, child-like way. and yet, this film was not entirely about dancing, but more about the subtleties of human behavior and feelings. we witness a shy man learning to express his repressed feelings through dance, a beautiful dance instructor rediscovering her love for the art, and the personal growth of every member of the wonderful supporting cast.beauty. pain. emotion. all the love and little agonies of life are here, expressed with the delicate feeling of a fine japanese watercolor painting combined with the emotional strength and grace of the culture.

there were some great moments of reality in there depicting modern day life (not only in japan, but everywhere). it shows how stifling ones culture can be, and wanting to break out of the mold its created for you.the dancing was just a vehicle for saying "do what you love even if its against the norm". rather billy elliot like i would say. i enjoyed that film as well. the humour was well timed, and the touching moments felt so real, you could feel the awkwardness between sugiyama and his wife, the tantrums in the dance hall. i loved aoki - him and that wig and his excessiveness on the dance floor made me simply howl!the actors all did a wonderful job, the story was well written. i watched it a second time and caught some little nuances that i missed on the first viewing. good entertainment!

this movie was charming. an accountant wants more from life than the approved conventional success. what makes it work so well, and makes it so different from the standard dance movie is that it really isn't about becoming "great" it is simply about finding a way to express one's self. the big triumph at the end is not the winning of a contest, not the discovery of a whole new life style, but the simple joy of doing what you want to fulfill the other parts of your life. no one is discovering their passion, they are finding their quiet soul.the japanese background makes the subtle oppression and "secret life" of ballroom dancing both understandable and personal. we can all see ourselves in the everyman.

i have seen this movie many many times and i will never get tired of it. it is a classic in every sense of the word. the movie is hysterically funny and yet quite touching all at the same time. for those of you who are not a fan of "subtitles" or of foreign film in general, open your mind. this is a great movie for "the beginner" because the story is so entertaining. don't get me wrong, it is 100% japanese (and that is what makes it work), but everyone will get something out of it (even if it is just a great laugh at one of the main characters called mr. aoki - one of the funniest characters i have ever seen!)i can't even think of this movie without smiling!! i love it ... and i think most people will too.

the accountant shohei sugiyama (kôji yakusho) is feeling bored with his routine life, limited to hard work and stay at home with his wife masako sugiyama (hideko hara) and his teenager's daughter. one night, while traveling home by train, he sees the beautiful face of mai kishikawa (tamiyo kusakari) in the balcony of a dance school, and a couple of days later, he decides to visit the school and secretly take ballroom dance lessons every wednesdays night. however, he becomes ashamed to tell his family his secret. meanwhile, masako feels the changes in the behavior of her happier husband, and hires a private eye to investigate whether shohei is having an affair.i have just finished watching "shall we dansu?" and i really loved it. what a lovely and delightful movie! the story is amazingly good, with drama, comedy and romance. the cast is excellent, and i was particularly impressed with the cold beauty and graciousness of the wife of the director masayuki suo and professional ballet dancer tamiyo kusakari. on last september 06th, i saw the american remake of "shall we dansu?" for the first time, and i found it a delightful entertainment. but now i can say that it is another unnecessary remake, and i recommend this original film instead. my vote is ten.title (brazil): "dança comigo?" ("dance with me?")

this movie is among my favorite foreign films, some of the others are amilee and my life as a dog. the similarities with those movies as with so many great foreign films, is that it takes a mundane slice of life and transforms it into a profound heartfelt lesson. in japan, a man who is bored with his mundane life and the rut of his married life, sees a beautiful japanese woman staring out the window of a dance studio. in the instant that it takes his train to pass, he is enthralled by her. but is it only by her beauty, by her faraway glance, or a connection that they will both discover that they share? shall we dance has memorable wonderful characters who have to deal with painful realities by transcending them through the world of dance. breaking traditional moulds and stereo types of japanese society, they risk all for happiness and find that joy is not too far away. it is one of those movies that is so magical and meaningful and, in itself, transcends the mundane by showing the true magic and miracle that life can be.

okay. as you can see this is one of my favorite if not favorite films. this is a character drama which is absolutely hilarious. the main character is a business man who is stuck in a "same thing, different day" mentality. he sees a woman looking melancholy out a window of a dance studio from his train everyday and wonders about her and decides to find out more about her. he decides to join the dance class only to find out she is not the instructor. from there he bonds with four other dancers and learns to enjoy dancing as well as finding out about the mysterious woman.there is no gratuitous (or any) sex involved, just how a small group of people learn how friendships are formed and developed.this film was remade with richard gere and jennifer lopez and the new one while appealing is nowhere as enjoyable as the original. the movie never made it big in america because it was not eligible for the oscars since it was broadcast on television in japan (movies cannot be released on tv or they are disqualified for oscar nominations). it did win numerous awards in japan for best film, cast, director etc for their "oscar" awards.

i don't like "grade inflation" but i just had to give this a 10. i can't think of anything i didn't like about it. i saw it last night and woke up today thinking about it. i'm sure that the hollywood remake that someone told me about, with j lo and richard gear, will be excellent, but this original japanese version from 1996 was so emotional and thought-provoking for me that i am hard-pressed to think of any way that it could be improved, or its setting changed to a different culture.a story i found worth watching, and with o fist-fight scenes or guns going off or anything of the sort! imagine that!all the characters seemed well-developed, ... even non-primary characters had good character-development and enjoyable acting, and the casting seemed very appropriate. it's always hard to find a good movie-musical in our day and age, and perhaps this doesn't quite qualify (there is plenty of learning how to dance, but no singing) but i really think that gene kelly and others who championed a place for dance in our lives would have thought so very highly of this film and the role of dance in helping to tell a story about a middle aged man, successful with a family in japan, looking for something... he knows not precisely what.to the team of people in japan who contributed to this film, thank you for creating and doing it.

first, there is no way the remake can be as good, because japanese society is quite different from ours and plays such a major part in this film, as explained in the opening narration. it adds to the humor as well as warmth of this movie. there is slew of different supporting characters/personalities. each does there part in making this movie wonderful. this movie is full of comedy that isn't vulgar in anyway like most of today's "gross-out comedies." yet it can still have you laughing out loud. the reality is, in real life, you don't have a choice of who you work with or go to school with...etc. this movie truly emphasizes that and shows that the natural good in people can overcome petty differences. not to mention, it makes for a great sub-plot and much of the humor. this is a story about dance that actually has a story, and a good one at that. there are a few back stories that are not out of place, but actually support the main storyline. truly a well written film. the dancing is great, too. i happen to be a fan of any movie with dancing of any sort, for that aspect. however, this movie goes beyond any other with dance, in the fact that, it is a story first and just happens to be written about dancing in japanse society. highly recommended.10 out of 10.

this film is about a man who has been too caught up with the accepted convention of success, trying to be ever upwardly mobile, working hard so that he could be proud of owning his own home. he assumes this is all there is to life until he accidentally takes up dancing, all because he wanted to get a closer look of a beautiful girl that he sees by the dance studio everyday while riding the subway on his way home.his was infatuated with her at first, going to the dance class just to idolize her, but he eventually lets himself go and gets himself into the dancing. it eventually becomes apparent to him that there is more to life than working yourself to death. there is a set of oddball characters also learning in the studio, giving the film a lot of laughs and some sense of bonding between the dejected.there is also revelations of various characters, including the girl he initially admired, giving some depth to them by showing their blemished past and their struggle to overcome it.the dancing was also engaging, with the big competition at the end, but it is not the usual story where our underdog come out at the top by winning it. instead, there are downfalls, revelations and redemption.all these makes it a moving and fun film to watch.

how many of us wish that we could throw away social and cultural obligations and be free? most of us, i suspect. shall we dance? is not a movie about dancing. it is about learning about ourselves, recognising what we are looking for in life and having the courage to go in search of it. mr sugiyama is a middle-aged member of a japanese society where ballroom dancing is viewed as unsuitable behaviour. one day mr sugiyama sees a beautiful girl leaning out of the window of a dancing acadamy. he is fascinated by her and eventually signs up for dancing lessons. he is ashamed of his dancing and afraid of ridicule. he hides the fact that he is attending dancing classes from his colleagues and family.there is a hilarious scene in the mensroom at the office when sugiyama and watanabe, a workmate who also dances, are interrupted practising some dance steps. there are many other funny and warm-hearted scenes.the ending is not a fairytale, but it leaves the viewer feeling good.this movie helped me to understand the japanese people a little better. it is a warm and very worthwhile film to see.

i was so surprised when i saw this film so much underrated... i understand why some of you dislike this movie. its pace is slow, a characteristic of japanese films. nevertheless, if you are absorbed in the film like me, you will find this not a problem at all.i must say this is the best comedy i have ever seen. "shall we dansu?" is often considered a masterpiece of japanese comedies. it is very different from hollywood ones, e.g. austin powers or scary movies, in which a gag is guaranteed in every couple of minutes. rather, it is light-hearted, a movie that makes you feel good.i love the movie because it makes me feel "real". the plot is straightforward yet pleasing. i was so delighted seeing that sugiyama (the main role) has found the meaning of life in dancing. before i watched the film i was slightly depressed due to heavy schoolwork. i felt lost. however, this film made me think of the bright side of life. i believed i was in the same boat of sugiyama; if he could find himself in his hobby, why couldn't i? it reminded me of "exploring my own future" and discovering the happiness in my daily life.it is important to note that the actors are not professional dancers. while some of you may find the dancing scenes not as perfect as you expect, i kinda like it as it makes me feel that the characters are really "alive", learning to dance as the film goes on.over all, this film is encouraging and heart-warming. as a comedy, it does its job perfectly. it definitely deserves 10 stars.and yes aoki is funny :-d

i simply love this movie. it is a perfect example of the well-rounded surprising stories that come out of asian cinema. there was a recent hollywood remake of this movie, with richard gere and the simply awful jennifer lopez. please do not confuse the two movies. the original japanese film is touching, subtle and wonderfully acted. the hollywood version is the exact opposite. i was aghast when i first saw the trailer for the remade us version and who was starring in it. it's typical hollywood unoriginal crass commercialism at it's worst. the remake cements the argument that some foreign films can never be improved upon. the only reason the original film did not become more widely viewed is the us audience's aversion to subtitles.one of the main reasons this movie would never work in an american telling is that the reserved, ultra socially conservative character of the public japanese persona is at issue in this movie. certainly the main character awakens to a more full understanding of living a vivacious life through dance, but half of the movie's tension comes from the stereotypes and ridicule ballroom dancers face in japan.please try to see this movie in it's original form, not the terrible full screen. and please do skip the us remake....it's a shallow travesty in comparison to the original japanese movie.yes, i know the "original" movie is much older, and this is simply a japanese take on the story, but the only two people are likely to see any time soon are this one and the new us remake.speaking of foreign films, i'll make a few quick recommendations: 1.monsoon wedding-i list this first for a reason, outstanding film! 2.johnny stechino-very funny italian mistaken identity flic! 3.shiri-a korean action pic that mixes both asian flare & us style plot 4.run lola run-a german film that integrates it's techno score ingeniously.well, just a quick list anyway :-)

watched this last night and was bowled over by the heartfelt story line, the excellent character development, and the good karmic vibe emanating from the acting and movie as a whole.without giving away too much of the plot, it begins with an ordinary joe who commutes to his office job every day who becomes inspired to take dance lessons. along the way the protagonist and the assorted characters he meets in his quest to be smooth on the dance floor learn lessons about others and about themselves. the story has a prologue about what dancing in japan symbolizes sociologically, so it isn't exactly as simple to learn to dance in japan as it is here in the u.s. the film is lighthearted; you'll laugh out loud at some of the sight gags. yet it is also dignified in a way hard to describe. all of the film's characters are taken seriously, as they are, and none are diminished because of their "imperfections."i've been thinking about taking social dance classes with some friends. it just so happened a friend lent me the video on learning to dance. is this synchronous or what? i think so because now i'm really geeked to give it a try. watch this wonderful family film (small children might not get it, but teens certainly would) and smile at the genuine caring you see shown in it time and again.why they would make a remake of shall we dance is a mystery, as it is perfect as-is.

i have a six month old baby at home and time to time she fights sleep really bad. one morning she was having a particular difficult time getting to sleep when the doodle bops theme song came on t.v. she stopped crying almost instantly, and for the rest of the show was content. i sat her in her bouncy seat and watched her kick her legs, swing her arms, and actually laugh at this show. the kept her entertained and happy the entire time. i also got a video of them so that at times when my little one is flustered i have something to calm her. granted, late at night if she awakes with colic to fuss the doodle bops are not her cup of tea, but they sure do come in handy when i need a little time to do housework,etc. the biggest surprise about the doodle bops is that my child doesn't even like watching t.v. she'd rather be in the floor playing with a toy or with our small toy poodle than watch t.v. yet, the doodle bops have totally captured her attention. i don't know if she will continue to like them in the future but for now she's attached.

i love the doodlebops. my son has been watching them for over a year. we went to the doodlebops concert last year as well as one concert yesterday (connecticut). he loves them. the doodlebops do not teach the alphabet or numbers but who cares? are you being serious? the tv isn't suppose to teach your children about numbers or the alphabet. the parents should. get over it. the doodlebops actually can sing. deedee has a beautiful voice and in concert you can tell all 3 of them have nice singing voices and do not lip sing. imagine, they dance, jump around and still sing. they have talent, the kids love them i even enjoy watching the show. this show is by far the best show on tv for kids. and a rock band for children. how amazing is that? why are people saying chad (rooney) is gay? where did you hear that from? whether he is or not, he is awesome! leave him alone. its not like he or anyone else is promoting homosexuality to our children!

i work with children from 0  6 years old and they all love the doodlebops. the doodlebops are energetic, vibrant and appealing. once they start singing, ''we're the doodlebops we're the doodlebops we're the doodlebops oh yeah come and join the fun because we're laughing and we're singing all day" it is almost impossible not to join them in song. the doodlebops brings the viewer into a world of color and fun. each show is an adventure, the doodlebops do not try to change the world with preachy messages all they do is have fun while sorting out everyday life challenges that the young child may relate to. the doodlebops is an refreshing, high action alternative to regular children's television programs.

my 2 year old likes the doodlebops show, it seems to keep his attention for awhile. the characters are interesting, vibrant with primary colours and all. there's not much educational content that the intended target audience could benefit from, but they do seem to have a theme each show and try to teach kids about sharing and respect and other basics, so i like it for that. it's well produced with high production values. but it's really just an average show like most of the shows on tv these days. we don't buy into the merchandise angle and have our son wearing everything dooblebop. i don't think we'd spend money to go to a live show, if they ever came to town. going to the zoo or the science centre is a far better experience for everyone involved and in my opinion is money better spent.

my husband and i enjoy the doodlebops as much as our 8 month old baby does. we have bought him dvd's and cd's just so we can watch and listen to them ourselves. they are fun, energetic, and very entertaining. they encourage children to be active, share and care. they always have a positive message along with fun entertainment. every time our son hears the theme song he quickly turns his head toward the television and starts bouncing up and down in excitement. dee dee is a wonderful singer, she has a great voice. moe is a great dancer. i would recommend the doodlebops to anyone with children. our favorite song is the bird song. you just can not help but smile and want to dance when you hear it.

i have a 19-month old and got really tired of watching care bears all the time. rooney is a great dancer, who cares if he is gay. this guy must have been a cheerleader or something.beats barney, cant get the songs out of my head....must...stop singing........doodlebops songs........now.must have 10 lines of text so i must continue.....what about when the say all the canadian stuff like ooout aboooot. whacky canadians.....jazmine is rhyming too much, she must be dutch.knock knock, who's there, dee dee, super hottiebus driver bob cannot dance, take lessons from rooney

i love paul mccartney. he is, in my oppinion, the greatest of all time. i could not, however, afford a ticket to his concert at the tacoma dome during the back in the u.s. tour. i was upset to say the least. then i found this dvd. it was almost as good as being there. paul is still the man and i will enjoy this for years to come. i do have one complaint. i would of like to hear all of hey jude.also paul is not dead.the single greatest concert dvd ever.***** out of *****.

this is a great film for mccartney's and beatles fans!a splendid time is guaranteed for all.the audience (feat some celebrities such as nicholson ,cuzak,michael douglas) is ,as always,quite amazing:from small children to old campaigners of the sixties.they know the words to all the songs by heart ,and some of them are crying when paul breaks into "blackbird" "yesterday " "all my loving" and all the treasures of his catalog (who ,except john lennon and dylan ,can claim such a repertoire?).there are two particularly moving moments:-the double tribute to lennon and harrison;first "here today" performed solo (the title was included in "tug of war" 1982 and was its best track),then "something" when paul uses an ukulele.-"the long and winding road" rendition,a key moment,when paul's voice cracks ,as he is moved to tears by the hearts the members of the tour crew hold in front of the stage.i remember,in the early seventies ,when people used to despise paul ,cause he was not involved in politics,as his ex-partner was.they had to change their mind for paul is a committed artist: "fame is great cause it allows charity".the film shows different aspects of paul's activities ,an artist who is anything but selfish.

this is one of the finest music concerts anyone will ever see and hear. i grew up when all my lovin' was brand new and to hear it again today by the original artist today is a measure of sir p mc's power to spellbind any crowd of any age. this doco goes way behind the scenes to show us life on the road not just for the band but everyone down to the roadies. i saw this guy live in aussie 1975 and can assure you his performance here on this dvd is no less than he gave almost 30 years ago. i have a huge 5.1 surround sound system that does do this justice and would recommend this anyone especially a beatles fan. this is the closest you will get to a beatles concert today. singer, songwriter, lead/rhythm/ bass guitar, piano, ukulele, just pure genius. there are few entertainers who can stand alone with one instrument and hold the crowd in his hand. if you want note perfect music, buy a studio recorded cd. if you want to hear raw music as it is intended and spontaneous to the crowd, with all the excitement and emotion of the crowd-this dvd is for you.

we toss around the term "superstar" way too lightly these days, but here's one guy that truly deserves it.i was glued to the set this entire show. the song selection was perfect -- it only contained the songs i actually wanted to hear and cut in with documentary footage during the weaker new songs. i loved that the band was just a five guys on stage in a very minimalist environment. (with songs of this strength, you don't need a circus to be entertained).the shots of the crowd were amazing, too. how many performers can affect the original beatles fans (now in their 50's and beyond), get young kids to jump up at the opening lines of "can't buy me love" and impact everyone in between? while watching, i also realized that in the wake of john lennon's tragic death, paul mccartney instantly became an afterthought. paul not only lost john and george (no matter what their final relations were, it must be hard to lose someone with whom you changed the world), but he also lost his wife linda and never really seemed to garner the acknowledgment lennon's murder received. i agree that lennon's murder was horrible, but only now did i realize that paul was sort of forgotten in the aftermath. i was very happy that he's found love again in heather.as for those complaining about the audio/video quality, i had no complaints whatsoever; both were crystal clear on my set. i think these same people will complain about the quality of dvd when the next format comes out; they'll never be satisfied.my only regret was not buying a ticket to this show when i had the chance. thanks to this video i was able to enjoy it.when people remember john lennon, they will first remember his murder and then his music. i now have a new appreciation for paul mccartney, because, if nothing else, he will be remembered for his music first. and let's hope another lunatic won't change this, because the mccartney catalog is pretty good.

after losing the emmy for her performance as mama rose in the television version of gypsy, bette won an emmy the following year for bette midler: diva las vegas, a live concert special filmed for hbo from las vegas. midler, who has been performing live on stage since the 1970's, proves that she is still one of the most electrifying live performers in the business. from her opening number, her classic "friends", where she descends from the wings atop a beautiful prop cloud, bette commands the stage with style and charisma from a rap-styled number called "i look good" she then proves that she has a way with a joke like few other performers in this business as she segues her way through a variety of musical selections. the section of the show where she salutes burlesque goes on a little too long but she does manage to incorporate her old sophie tucker jokes here to good advantage (even though she actually forgets one joke in the middle of telling it, but her ad-libbing until she remembers it is hysterical). bette also treats us to "rose's turn" from gypsy and the title tune from her smash film the rose as well as a shameless plug for her hit movie the first wives club. she brings the house down near the end with "stay with me, baby" from the rose and her only #1 hit record, "wind beneath my wings" from beaches. it's a dazzling evening of musical comedy entertainment and for midler fans, it's a must.

a longtime fan of bette midler, i must say her recorded live concerts are my favorites. bette thrills us with her jokes and brings us to tears with her ballads. a literal rainbow of emotion and talent, bette shows us her best from her solid repertoire, as well as new songs from the "bette of roses" album. spanning generations of people she offers something for everyone. the one and only divine diva proves here that she is the most intensely talented performer around.

love it, love it, love it! this is another absolutely superb performance from the divine miss m. from the beginning to the end, this is one big treat! don't rent it- buy it now!

bette midler showcases her talents and beauty in "diva las vegas". i am thrilled that i taped it and i am able to view whenever i want to. she possesses what it takes to keep an audience in captivity. her voice is as beautiful as ever and will truly impress you. the highlight of the show was her singing "stay with me" from her 1979 movie "the rose". you can feel the emotion in the song and will end up having goose bumps. the show will leave you with the urge to go out and either rent a bette midler movie or go to the nearest music store and purchase one of bette midler's albums.

bette midler is indescribable in this concert. she gives her all every time she is on stage. whether we are laughing at her jokes and antics or dabbing our eyes at the strains of one of her tremendous ballads, bette midler moves her audience. if you can't see it live (which is the best way to see bette) then this is the next best thing. an interesting thing to look at is how incredible her voice has changed and matured over the years but never lost its power. her more "vocally correct" version of "stay with me" never loses anything in spirit from the rose or divine madness, here it is just more pure and as heartfelt as ever. i will treasure this concert for a very long time.

bette midler is again divine! raunchily humorous. in love with burlesque. capable of bringing you down to tears either with old jokes with new dresses or merely with old songs with more power & punch than ever. all in all singing new ballads, power-singing the good old/perennial ones such as "the rose"; "stay with me" and yes, even "wind beneath my wings". the best way to appreciate the divine miss m has always been libe - since this is the next best thing to it, i strongly recommended to all with a mixture of adult wide-eyed enchantment and appreciation and a child's mischievous wish for pushing all boundaries!

i am a big beatles fan. my favorite beatle is paul and my least favorite is john. i already knew quite a bit about the beatles music and the truth behind the breakup, as well as things like john lennon's family and paul's band wings. i was curious to see how this movie would handle the relationship between john and paul so many years after the breakup.i was not disappointed by this movie. although the story itself is fiction, many of the references that the two musicians used were very accurate. these included how yoko ono would always be with john wherever he went, the wings song "silly love songs" being the number one hit that year and the concert on the roof of apple studios playing music from the album "let it be."the actors did a very good job in playing john and paul. the accents could had used maybe a bit more work, but they seemed to act a lot like i've read the two former-beatles used to act like. i also liked the dialogue between them, which was basically what the entire movie was.the ending at first disappointed me, but the more you think about it the more you will appreciate it, especially since this was how it really went in real life. they also show the fantastic skit from "saturday night live" in which the beatles are offered $3,000 to perform on the show. (as compared to the $220 million others were offering them) overall, i was not disappointed with this movie. it does really give you more of a feel for why the beatles broke up and why they never got back together.

*warning* spoilers ahead... the writers of this story knew these men very well. the actors, likewise, portrayed them very well. the result is that by the end of the film you feel like you're actually watching john lennon and paul mccartney. the expected tensions are there, especially in the awkward first moments. but as the two begin to loosen up, the old camaraderie that made the beatles work so well begins to show through. the bitterness is still there, and interrupts at times, but by the time john gets the idea to take lorne michaels up on his offer to pay the beatles the gag sum of $3000 to appear on "saturday night live", the two could be the same boyish pranksters that terrorized liverpool together as teens, and survived playing the rough nightclubs of hamburg to rise to superstardom. but in the end, this wonderful fantasy grounds us gently. we are reminded why a beatles reunion was most likely never possible even before lennon's assassination: the two driving forces of the group outgrew each other.

i sat down to watch this film with much trepidation and little hope. i didn't think it would be possible for this film to live up to its subject matter. but it absolutely did, and then some. first, i must say that jared harris did an extraordinary job as john lennon. at times it seemed that harris was channeling lennon. the resemblance was often uncanny, and he clearly studied lennon's mannerisms and vocal inflections. aiden quinn was quite good as mccartney, also bearing a striking resemblance to macca, although he did occasionally trip over his scouse accent.this work of fiction was well-written and well-directed. it was pure fantasy, of course, but sometimes i felt like a voyeur peeking through a keyhole at this reunion. the rooftop scene was especially moving, as mccartney told lennon what he had never heard as a child--that he was worthy and important, and it could never be his fault that he was abandoned by his parents. i also enjoyed the scene in the park where the pair of them danced with absolute abandon to the reggae band!my one complaint would be this: i am not so sure that john was as caustic as he was portrayed in the film at this stage in his life. he had settled in to his domestic situation quite nicely, and he was actually known to be quite friendly when approached by fans. only a few years later, he was very friendly when he was first approached by his assassin for an autograph on the day he was murdered.mostly this film served to stir up those feelings again about what might have been had john lived a bit longer. i am quite sure the beatles would have come back together at some stage. and i am quite certain that lennon and mccartney would still be friends today.well done, vh1. i will watch it again and again.

this was a real guilt pleasure ... i saw the trailer and all the advertising, so i figured 'why not check out this vh1 movie?' and, as they used to say on t.v., 'i can't believe i watched the whole thing!' quinn and harris were believable beatle boys, and, although the accents were sort of over-the-top and difficult to decipher at times, i found the dialogue believable as well. the film touched upon the tenuous relationship of len/mc and showed how, deep down, they were simply two guys who grew up close together and shared a passion for music - coming at it, though, with different sets of issues and personal needs. you find yourself wishing they'd hopped in the cab to snl for an impromptu reunion that would have knocked the world's socks off, but you also gain a greater appreciation for why they didn't

i still wonder why i watched this movie. admittedly, before i viewed this film, i knew practicly nothing about the beatles. i didn't even know all their names! all i knew was that they had a ton of fans, they had some albums that some people claim to be the greatest ever, they broke up, john married yoko ono, and john was murdered.also, vh1 isn't even my favorite music station, mtv is. still, for some reason or another i decided to watch it, not expecting much. surprisingly, i enjoyed it very much! the dialogue was written and handled very well with the occasion of a slight accent mess up. this is very important, because john and paul talking is pretty much the whole film, allthough they are taken outside to explore more possibilities, and to keep you watching. jared harris and adien quinn give good performaces,overall.the ending was also very smart. i enjoyed how the movie gets you excited about the snl performace, and then slaps you over the head and makes you realize that it would be better if they just let it go, and end it on a good note. my favorite moment is probably the touching rooftop scene.overall, i recommend this film to almost everyone. it is a very good way of settling your curiosity of what could have happened if 6 years after the break up paul just showed up on john's doorstep. which is probably the main reason of my viewing this film, settling my curiosity on who the beatles really were and what could have happened to them after the breakup.

i absolutely loved this film! i was hesitant to watch it at first because i thought it would be too painful. i remember how hard it was when john was shot. however, watching the "two of us" took me back to a happier time when he was still alive and there was hope and possibility. i think that the writer did an amazing job depicting what "might have been." aidan quinn was adorable as paul and met the challenge head on. i was impressed with his accent and mannerisms. jared harris is also very talented and was quite believable as john. my favorite parts were the scene in the park and the rooftop scene - which was so poignant. the film left me with both sadness and satisfaction, both of which i feel are appropriate, given the circumstances.

this is one of the few movies released about a "what if" type of situation that made me think. it was amazing to hear them speak to each other, and reminisce about all the wonderful (and not so wonderful) things that happened between them. i actually think that there is a very good possibility this occurred like the movie implies, and they actually made peace with each other. those are good memories for every fan to hang onto, and to ask what actually happened between them would be selfish. what an amazing movie this was. the comedic aspects of the movie were wonderful. to think that they were together to patch things up between them in such a way is a comforting thought to people who wish they had a chance to clear the air with someone they didn't get to. to see john as such a caring, laid back character was refreshing from hearing all of the trash that was spoken about him...

even though i'm quite young, the beatles are my absolutely favourite band! i never had the chance to hear their music as it was releases but have loved them since i can remember.it's the sort of film that is worth trying the once. i can see why it wasn't released in the cinema but it is certainly a great film to put on the tv. i was flicking through my tv guide and happened to see this film, it didn't much details except something like, 'john lennon and paul mccartney meet after the beatles have broken up, jared harris stars'. i'd never heard of him (he played john) or aiden quinn who played paul. however they are certainly underestimated actors!the film had a slow start but as it developed, i could see how well quinn but especially harris played their characters. as a huge fan, i sort of know what the real lennon and mccartney are like. the script was brilliant and harris got lennon's accent, personality and mannerisms spot on! quinn played mccartney quite well but sometimes went into his irish accent. the make-up artists made them look excellent.this paragraph may be counted as a *spoiler*:as i mentioned before, it got off to a slow start but soon developed and became quite an emotional film. i found the bit in the park a total waste of time and quite out of character for both of the musicians. as for lennon's rude line in the italian restaurant, totally unnecessary. the ending was very poignant and brings a tear to my eye whenever i watch it.it is quite different from the other biographical films i've seen where it's about how the beatles got together and became famous, and those never really did the characters that well. e.g. 'backbeat'.in conclusion, i would say, if you're a beatles or john lennon or paul mccartney fan, give it a chance you may have pleasent surprise. at only about 95 minutes long, it's worth waiting for the film to develop.if anyone does know whether the meeting of 1976 really did happen please send it to the 'comments page' for this film, i'd be very interested.

recently shown on cable tv the movie opens with a disclaimer distancing itself from any co-operation of real life persons; that in itself is an eye catcher. yet the script and acting from the main characters is superb and i found myself engrossed throughout.due in no small way to the crisp, thoughtful and interesting dialogue.the film is about a meeting on one day between two real life musical "legends" who formerly composed together then seperated.the film captures the essence of their lives and philosophies, in a story which proffers an explanation for their initial "split". what is so impressive is that the actors give such seemingly realistic portrayals of the characters they play,faults and all, that this viewer at least was left believing i was witnessing a true event in almost every detail. the great skill of this play is that with astute writing and fine acting a movie basically about "two of us" talking can make an excellent picture. worthy of at least an 8 out of 10.

very slight spoiler this movie (despite being only on tv) is absolutely excellent. i didn`t really pay attention to the differences in looks or accents, so i can`t really comment on that. the acting in this was so good i had to pinch myself and say "remember, it`s only a movie, this didn`t really happen". as i sat and listened to harris and quinn talk, i knew that it was exactly what john and paul would be talking about had they actually had this meeting. the offhanded comments and burns from john were right on with his character(especially in the restaurant!), as was his depression while paul was very easy going and laid back. both actors did and excellent job and i was thrilled to have seen this movie. it`s a wicked experience for any beatles fan. and prepare for a few surprises!

i admit i had some trepidation when i first saw the previews for this film. was vh-1 treading on hollow ground here? i mean, harris and quinn don't really look or even sound like john or paul. but i have to admit, this film really surprised me. it's far from the exploitation film i expected. instead, it's a character study, a low-key, whimsical, and ultimately bittersweet look at friendship, and the ultimate lesson we all learn: it's hard, if not impossible, to capture what we once had, and what has passed us by.

this film is worth seeing alone for jared harris' outstanding portrayal of john lennon. it doesn't matter that harris doesn't exactly resemble lennon; his mannerisms, expressions, posture, accent and attitude are pure lennon. best scene: lennon in a local cafe verbally sparring with a stuttering fan as to whether paul mccartney & wings' "silly love songs" is worthy of #1 status in america.

being the beatlemaniac that i am, i approached two of us with a combination of fear and fascination. having seen 'in his life: the john lennon story', i was quite concerned that two of us will turn out no better. the fact that aidan quinn and jared harris look absolutely nothing like john lennon and paul mccartney  even with some make-up and proper hairdos  didn't help one bit.but i was more than a bit pleasantly surprised. it's probably thanks to the involvement of michael lindsay-hogg, who directed let it be in 1970 and consequently probably knew john and paul quite well, that the characters and the dialogue came across as convincing as they did. (the writing credit for two of us is given to a man named mark stanfield, of whom i know absolutely nothing; i feel confident that director lindsay-hogg had more than a bit to do with the script.) two of us is not a biography of the beatles; it has very little plot, in fact, and takes place all in one day in new york city. what it does is imagine a meeting between john and paul in 1976, while john lived in new york. that meeting is entirely fictitious, of course  though it can't truly be disproved that such a meeting actually took place. but through that imagined conversation it gives us a glimpse into the personalities of these two great musicians  their intelligence, their sense of humor, their different reaction to stardom, and most of all their relationship; what made them such a great team, and what broke them up.since it's a talk movie, nothing much except for dialogue between two characters for an hour and a half, it's likely to bore all but true fans of the beatles; but it's a fantastic piece of writing and storytelling, and is both informative and touching. for those interested in these two musical giants, very quickly you'll get over the shock of how different the actors look from their counterparts and feel like john and paul had come to life  so intimate and convincing is the script, and so committed are the actors. two of us gives you priceless insight into the lives of two geniuses, and a tale that is both sad and funny. most certainly recommended.

let's cut to the chase: if you're a baby-boomer, you inevitably spent some time wondering at the fact that, in 1976, mccartney had the gumption to drop in on john's city hermit life and spend the day with him. you also certainly wondered how things went. i heard the exact same reports that the writer of this film heard, from john's and paul's perspective, and i admit that i reconstructed the meeting in pretty much the same way this film does. but none of my imaginings could have bought tears to my eyes the way this incredible piece of work and acting does. i found it amazingly lifelike, perfectly plausible and 100 % saccharin-free. now, can anyone explain why i didn't hear of this masterpiece before it was shown by the cbc last night? i mean it's already three years old, for goodness sake! and yes, if you're a beatles fan, this is a must-see performance! even the subtle paraphrasing of beatles' melodies in the background is inspired.

i love this movie/short thing. jason steele is amazing! my favorite parts are the french song and in the opening title when the spatula soldier yells " spoons!" i crack up every time. i would recommend this movie to knox klaymation fans, and people who enjoy jason steele's other movies. his style of animation is very original. it takes a few views to notice the detailed backgrounds. his humor is also hilarious, and is definitely not something you'd hear before. like max the deformed spatula who has a sound and light system in his head that beams colorful lights and happy music whenever he talks about his miserable life. this is a wonderful animation to watch anytime any where.

i've never seen many online movies in most of my life, but if i'd pick any of them, i'd pick spatula madness, a clever reference to most movies like star trooper (etc.), using a camera, and wits of steel, jason steele mastered the art of turning a normal image into a painting, and then putting it all together with frame-by-frame animation to get a world inhabited by spatulas. the story begins at the middle, hows that for directors delight? then the middle is at the beginning, and so on, when i first watched it, i expected a soggy pixely look, but jason, like me, loves looks, so took every detail to the max. although i don't recommend it for children, or would anybody besides me like it, but please search it up on the net (its a short film, look up film cow), its style reminds me of south park, but less violent. 10 for the look, 6 for the laughs, and 6 for the story, it all comes to a 10/10, good workjason steele, i'm anxious to see the movie.

i've watched it plenty of times and i'm planning on buying the full feature. i love all of jason steele's comedy. it's very different and unique and is very enjoyable. i love indie films and this one is just great. the plot is strange but very funny. this short film is about a talking spatula named edward. the order of the events are a bit jumbled, making this film very interesting to watch. at first you see edward fighting the spoons, but then the focus changes to earlier in his life. this is a silly movie, but of course, it's still great. i highly recommend that you watch this film at www.spatulamadness.com or www.filmcow.com. it's very funny. the humour may not match everybody's taste but watch anyway. it'll only take 16 minutes of your time, and it's free. go watch spatula madness!

i laughed a lot while watching this. it's an amusing short with a fun musical act and a lot of wackiness. the characters are simple, but their simplicity adds to the humor stylization. the dialog is funny and often unexpected, and from the first line to the last everything just seems to flow wonderfully. there's max, who has apparently led a horrible life. and there's edward, who isn't sure what life he wants to lead. my favorite character was tom, edward's insane boss. tom has a short role but a memorable one. highly recommended for anyone who likes silly humor. and you can find it online now, which is a bonus! i am a fan of all of jason's cartoons and can't wait to see what he comes out with next.

this is a great short. i think every voice is done by jason steele. (you can only just barely tell if you've heard his normal voice though, so don't worry about them sounding the same. they don't.) its about 15 minutes long.edward the spatula is fighting the war against spoons and he meets some weird people. in fact, everyone he knows seem pretty crazy. "edward!" "general peterson, we have to get you to a medical unit!" "no, i'm not gonna make it edward." "dont talk like that, i'm sure you'll be fine." "im a goner edward, and you know it. before i go-" "yes?" "can i just have... one kiss?" "umm, no." "come on, just one, small, peck on the lips?" "im walking away now sir."there's gonna be movie pretty soon. the date for that is in september, but its probably gonna get pushed back.

i know that you've already entered this in film festivals (or at least i think you have, i may just be making that up) but i think this should get "best animated short film" in every one. bravo. i can't wait for the full film. i realize that you may not hear this often enough because of the bizarre nature of your animations, but hear it now and accept it as the truth. kudos, my friend. okay, now i'm just trying to get ten lines of text... though i still mean it. and here comes yet another -shoe!- and i cannot stop here yet. this is extremely annoying and yet at the same time i have nothing better to do. in fact, i'll probably watch all of your movies in yet another spasmodic "jason steele marathon." i do have a lot of those.-r

this film is unusual and bizarre, and it is nearly unusual and bizarre in a very good way. i give this short a 7 just because it is so unique and off-the-wall, but much of the time it seems as though it is being bizarre just for the sake of being bizarre. if the film had managed to integrate its more bizarre moments into some semblance of a plot then it would have been really fantastic.the main problem here is that it looks as though the creators just jumbled together a bunch of crap about spatulas, then threw in a whole bunch more crap that sounded as though it would sound funny coming from the mouth of a spatula.this is definitely worth checking out, but it is not top rate by any stretch of the creators wild imaginations.

this short film that inspired the soon-to-be full length feature - spatula madness - is a hilarious piece that contends against similar cartoons yielding multiple writers. the short film stars edward the spatula who after being fired from his job, joins in the fight against the evil spoons. this premise allows for some funny content near the beginning, but is barely present for the remainder of the feature. this film's 15-minute running time is absorbed by some odd-ball comedy and a small musical number. unfortunately not much else lies below it. the plot that is set up doesn't really have time to show. but it's surely follows it plot better than many high-budget hollywood films. this film is worth watching at least a few times. take it for what it is, and don't expect a deep story.

highly regarded at release, but since rather neglected. immense importance in the history of performing arts. a classic use of embedded plots. one of my favourite films. why hasn't the soundtrack been re-released?

carlos saura's carmen is one of the finest achievements in world, let alone spanish, cinema. it manages to excite interest in flamenco in its wonderful staged adaptations from bizet with powerful physical force. at the same time we see the impact of the creation and rehearsal of a new interpretation of carmen on the choreographer/director and the principle dancers. the fine line between life and art is dazzling.

personally, i think that the film was done very professionally, i loved the choreography and the acting. the plot is also gripping and mysterious. the film itself is very emotional, and what i liked about it most is that it makes you think afterwards. antonio gades has absolutely lived his role to the end, and i must say that it's one of my favourite pictures and saura is a wonderful director.

i've seen this film at least 4 times since '84 and it's still great every time i see it. it's a very compelling version of the opera carmen, with amazing flamenco dancing, bare bones sets, and, of course, wonderful music.this telling of carmen is a story within a story, with each paralleling the other, until the doubly tragic ending. obviously a low budget spanish production, the film contains dancing by some of spain's premier flamenco dancers. the combination of the soaring opera music and the sound of the dancers boots on the wooden stage, makes the telling of the story even more powerful.it's independent movie making at it's best and probably my all time favorite foreign film.

this is one of the best films we watched in my high school spanish class. if you are a fan of the opera, this film will strongly entertain you. of course, the dancing is wonderful. watching these amazing dancers moving to the music of bizet is well worth checking out.

i first saw this movie when it was released in the u.s. in 1984. i have seen it many, many times since. what strikes me about the film is the incorporation of the art of the rehearsal into the lives of the characters and visa versa. throughout the movie the two intertwine and at times one is never too sure if one is watching the lives of the characters or a scene from a rehearsal. this continues up to the climax of the film. all these years later my friends and i still love to debate whether or not "carmen" is really stabbed at the end. from the reactions of the other characters, to the stylized murder, it is open to debate. the passion of the dance, the quality of the acting, the love of art, and the brilliance of the performances all combine to create a superb movie that, once again, blends and twists the line between life and art.

passionate, dramatic, riveting as flamenco itself, the film is simply amazing. it is set on the immortal bizet's music. the original music is written and performed by one of the greatest classical guitarists, leading proponent of the modern flamenco style, paco de lucia who plays a musician with the same name. legendary flamenco dancer and choreographer antonio gades co/wrote the script and choreographed this fabulous version of the celebrated georges bizet/prosper mérimée novella/opera. he plays a main character antonio, the famous dancer/choreographer who works on retelling the story of carmen in the flamenco style that combines dances with singing and rhythmic hand clapping and has a highly charged level of dynamics that appeals enormously to the viewers.brilliant and graceful cristina hoyos whose technical excellence matches the elegant artistry of her dancing shines in the supporting role. hoyos had been the first dancer in gades' company for twenty years (1968-1988) and she was the protagonist of three films that carlos saura made of gades' three great shows: "bodas de sangre" (1978), "carmen" (1983) and "el amor brujo" (1985). gorgeous laura del sol is a young dancer named carmen in whom antony sees from the first sight another carmen, who was immortalized by two frenchmen, the writer prosper mérimée in his most famous novella written in 1846 that had inspired george bizet's world famous opéra-comique version from 1875.as in the opera and in the novella, carmen in saura's film is desirable and deadly, the ultimate femme fatale who has to be free above anything else. she could not tolerate the possessive love of any man and would prefer death to submission. there some 50 movie adaptations of the story and the opera to the screen, and as different as they are, they all have in common the only possible tragic end. saura/gades' film is unique as the most sensual of all and truly spanish. i fell in love with it from the first time i saw it over twenty years ago and it is as special and beautiful today as it was back then. highly recommended.

while rehearing carmen of bizet, the middle-aged choreographer antonio (antonio gades) brings the sexy carmen (laura del sol) to perform the lead role. antonio falls in love for carmen, who is an independent and seductive woman incapable to accept a possessive love. when carmen has an affair with another dancer, antonio is consumed by his jealousy like d. josé in the original opera, entwining fiction with reality."carmen" is another great movie of carlos saura's trilogy dedicated to the flamenco dance. the dramatic love story is developed with the lives of the artists entwined with the characters they are rehearsing, and many times is not absolutely clear whether what is happening is reality (with the dancers) or fiction (of the play). paco de lucia is another attraction of this original version of the famous bizet's opera, which is based on the novel of prosper mérimée. my vote is seven.title (brazil): "carmen"

the movie within the movie - a concept done many times in the history of cinema. it is accomplished here as well as in any.if you love carmen, you'll love this version.if you love flamenco, you'll love this version.the plot of the classic opera is played out in the actual rehearsal of the opera by a flamenco troupe. the music is authentic. the direction wonderful.if you like dancing, you'll love this version.there is tragedy. there is passion. there is intrigue.there is...carmen.

in carmen, saura once again seeks to establish a dynamic rapport between reality and fiction, between the actual passions of the personalities in a dance company preparing the choreography for the dance portions of the opera carmen and the scripted passions from the story of the fictional carmen, the famous fatal mix of a free spirit (read disregard for fidelity) and her ability to drive men mad with desire. saura used this same vehicle fiction/reality in an earlier black-and-white film, bodes de sangre (blood wedding). but, whereas the tensions between the dancers rehearsing blood wedding showed to advantage how they evolved into the fictional characters of the story to be performed through directing their emotions into their roles, in carmen, the parallel between the petty, libidinal urges of the dancers of the troop during rehearsals and the spirit forging to do with the mythic carmen never comes even close to being believable. it remains a gadget, and, for that reason, a bothersome distraction. one really needs to see blood wedding next to carmen to appreciate the comparison. however, it hardly matters, the melodrama saura tries to impose upon his carmen, because the flamenco dancing and guitar music of the rehearsals_ which are 95% of the film _by some of the best known flamenco dancers and musicians, more than repays the price of entry. a flawed film, and a wonder: perfect for doing a drill in keats's 'negative capacity', perhaps?

carmen is one of the best films i've ever seen. it's hard to say whose performance is best: antonio gades, cristina hoyos and laura del sol are superb.they dance their souls out. it's a beautiful tale of inseparability of life and myth; myth penetrates everyday life. dance becomes life and entire life is danced out. real people at one and the same time live their own lives and become somebody else, act out the parts of lovers of old. the magic is continuing.

this is an amazing film, both for the incredibly energy evoked from the frenetic flamenco dancing, and from the unique way that the filmmakers interweave the story of the stage production with the lives of the characters preparing for it. spellbinding is the only word i can use to describe the experience. this is not 'bizet's carmen' by any usual standard. this is not a usual film by any standard. every nuanced glance, every stomp of the foot, every piece of the music is intertwined so captivatingly that you can't take your eyes off the screen. you don't need to love opera or flamenco(i don't)to be captured, enraptured, enthralled by this film. subtle and direct; loud and still; one of, if not the best, movies of it's kind, because there are so few like it.

we, as a family, were so delighted with 'the last of the blonde bombshells' we purchased a copy for our home video library.the acting is a1 and the cast contains many favorite actors and singers. the theme is unusual and the script well written. the music/songs are timeless and takes us back to our young days when we sang the songs at the top of our voices. to outline the story here would spoil the 'plot' as it is really nice to sit back and enjoy the story as it unfolds.full marks to this most enjoyable and uplifting production and we heartily recommend it to anyone who is looking for a belly-laugh and lots of music.

for persons of a certain age, w.w. ii was the defining time of their lives, and whatever followed could never compare. as the movie opens, a recently widowed but still lively woman (judi dench) hears a street musician gamely attempting to play the classic song, "stardust."this recalls her memories of when she played in an almost all-girl band that entertained between bomb raids during the war. the drummer, patrick (ian holm), happily avoided the draft and enjoyed the ladies.patrick and dench's character meet and decide to reunite the band, which takes them on a series of mini-adventures. despite ups and downs, the band does reunite and makes a successful reappearance.the movie is exquisitely written and understated, with superb performances from all involved. the characters are well-developed and all people who have not quit living, despite their years. and there's all that glorious old swing music!this isn't the pontification of steven spielberg, but a serious movie nevertheless. the war affected everyone and that lesson is not forgotten in a movie that isn't afraid to entertain as it teaches.

possible spoilers re: late-appearing cameos seldom does one see so many fine & memorable character actors (almost entirely actresses to be precise) in one film. even though a few only appear for cameos, each one is a gem. the british do this mix of comedy and real-life pathos better than anyone imo, so it is no surprise that most of the actors are brits.the music is great; no doubt much had to be dubbed (does leslie caron *really* play the bass so well? maybe - who knew?) but clio lane was unmistakably herself - her warm visceral sound still turns my crank like few other jazz singers.as an aging musician myself, not quite as old and certainly not in that class of course, it was a heartening film as well -- a great film for anyone whose wondering if they're past it in their profession or avocation whatever it may be. and of course a great celebration of the life of the stage.i missed a little of the opening, but a provisional 9/10 -- and it certainly makes we want to see the whole thing.

the last of the blond bombshells is an entertaining bit of fluff. judy dench plays elizabeth, a newly widowed woman at loose ends. she has spent most of her life being the dutiful wife and mother but has never been truly happy.shortly after her husband's funeral, elizabeth is having her regular lunch date with her stick-in-the-mud children when she spots a street performer. this sparks memories of when she was a member of an all girl swing band in london during world war ii. we soon learn that the band was not exactly all girl as the drummer was a man dressing as a woman ala some like it hot.elizabeth pulls out her sax (which she has been secretly practicing throughout her marriage) and joins forces with the guitar-playing street musician. elizabeth is far more talented than the guitarist, and the money begins to flow in. she doesn't take any money as she is wealthy and doesn't need it. her playing is strictly for artistic fulfillment.elizabeth is seen one day by patrick (ian holm) who was the drummer-in-drag of the band. it seems that patrick was - and still is - quite the ladies' man, and elizabeth - being only fifteen at the time - was the only band member who did not experience patrick's "talents" other than drumming.elizabeth is inspired by her granddaughter to get the old group together once again to play for the granddaughter's school dance. thus begins a delightful trip down memory lane combined with aspects of a humorous road trip movie - all topped off with some really good swing and blues.i guess i'm at the age in which i really enjoy older actresses doing their stuff, and this film is a treasure trove as it not only stars judi dench, but she is supported by none less than olympia dukakis, leslie caron, and a host of seasoned british character actresses. this is all topped off by the extraordinary voice of cleo laine.yes, it is fluff, but totally delightful and exceedingly entertaining fluff.

how can you resist watching a film with some swing? it's a delightful little film full of wonderful actors and a wonderful story line. too bad they don't tour out here...i'd go see them. see it if for no other reason than to hear some good music.

this has just been broadcast on bbc and i am absolutely delighted to have seen it. as the credits rolled, the cast alone made certain that i would give it a go. after just five minutes i was completely immersed in this beautiful film.yes it was formulaic and predictable, but that somehow added to it's charm. the flashbacks to the forties were wonderfully placed and captured a feeling equalled in few productions.a real feel-good film, punctuated throughout with outstanding music. when it's released, i'll buy it!

this movie was on british tv last night, and is wonderful! strong women, great music (most of the time) and just makes you think. we do have stereotypes of what older people "ought" to do, and there are fantastic cameos of the "sensible but worried children". getting near to my best movie ever !

superb cast, more please!if you can catch just about anything else written by plater (or starring these wonderful actors). for anyone who doesn't know plater has a real feeling for jazz, my recommendation is to see the 'beiderbecke' trilogy whenever you can."there's three kinds of jazz - hot, cool and 'what time does the tune start?'"

a great concept, a great cast, and what a pity there wasn't more time to flesh out the story. i loved it and wanted more. dench, dukakis, and laine, now there are some real women! still, dench and her character alone had enough substance to carry the script over some of its lesser moments. i have it on tape and will continue to watch it, hoping that there is a clue at the end that suggests there will be a sequel.top drawer! - no question! - no argument!

this was a wonderfully clever and entertaining movie that i shall never tire of watching many, many times. the casting was magnificent in matching up the young with the older characters. there are those of us out here who really do appreciate good actors and an intelligent story format. as for judi dench, she is beautiful and a gift to any kind of production in which she stars. i always make a point to see judi dench in all her performances. she is a superb actress and a pleasure to watch as each transformation of her character comes to life. i can only be grateful when i see such an outstanding picture for most of the motion pictures made more recently lack good characters, good scripts and good acting. the movie public needs heroes, not deviant manikins, who lack ingenuity and talent. how wonderful to see old favorites like leslie caron, olympia dukakis and cleo laine. i would like to see this movie win the awards it deserves. thank you again for a tremendous night of entertainment. i congratulate the writer, director, producer, and all those who did such a fine job.

this film was in one word amazing! i have only seen it twice and have been hunting it everywhere. a beautiful ensemble of older screen gems who still have that energy. judy denchs ability to carry the whole film was amazing. her subtle chemistry with the knight in stolen armour was great

i grew up during the time that the music in this movie was popular. what a wonderful time for music and dancing! my only complaint was that i was a little too young to go to the uso and nightclubs. guess it sounds like i'm living in the past, (i do have wonderful memories)so what's wrong with that?!!? world war 2 was a terrible time, except where music was concerned. glenn miller's death was a terrible sadness to us. this movie will be a favorite of mine. clio laine was excellent; what a voice! i don't know how i ever missed this movie. my main reason for this commentary is to alert the modern generation to an alternative to rap and new age music, which is offensive to me. please watch this movie and give it a chance!

it's rare that i sit down in front of the tv specifically to watch a particular programme. it's even rarer when i actually enjoy the programme in the end, but last of the blonde bombshells was one of the best movies i think i've seen.a remarkable cast, led by dame judi dench and ian holm, and an excellent, witty and poignant script combined to make it a truly rewarding experience. i can't really express how good i thought it was, so i won't try, i'll just say, if you get the opportunity, please see it!!!! i only hope it comes out on video.

"i hate those stories that begin with a funeral, but i'm afraid this one begins the day we buried george. not that we buried him. in the interests of the environment we had him incinerated." so speaks elizabeth (judi dench), george's widow. she's led a comfortable, predictable life with george. she has two grown children and a 12-year-old grandchild. but when she was 15 and in school, in the midst of world war ii, she played the sax at night in an all-girl (almost all-girl) band called the blonde bombshells. the 'almost" was because the drummer was patrick, a charming rogue who had no desire to fight and possibly be killed. with a yellow wig, a long red dress and makeup, patrick looked almost as good as the others. one afternoon after the funeral, elizabeth finds herself in the attic of her home playing the sax she had put away. she used to practice, but only when george was out of the house on the golf course. then two things happen. her granddaughter, amazed at how good elizabeth is, starts talking about how the blonde bombshells could be reunited and play at her school dance. then elizabeth encounters patrick (ian holm), now just as much an aging oldster as elizabeth, and just as much attracted to her as he was more than 50 years ago. (he also was attracted to all the other members of the bombshells. the roses that would appear on his bass drum had a special meaning that attested to his affection.) well, why not see if the other band members can be located, and why not give it a shot for a reunion performance at her granddaughter's school? why not? one member of the band is gaga. one is dead. one is in jail. one has found salvation with the salvation army. one they can find no trace of. one is last known to be in the states. one is a professional singer and has no intention of doing a school gig, even for a reunion. but one by one elizabeth and patrick bring together the surviving members of the bombshells. we don't know if enough of them can be found. the rehearsals more often than not turn into off-key shambles. while they do this, we share elizabeth's flashbacks of what life was like when she and patrick were young in war-time london, playing in the band while the bombs were falling. as terrible as it was, it was the most exciting time of their lives. when the night of elizabeth's granddaughter's dance arrives, of course, the blonde bombshells, filled with jitters and renewed friendship, blow the youngsters away. afterwards, elizabeth informs us that the bombshells are continuing to play at gigs, and that she and patrick have no plans to get married...but see nothing wrong with a little fooling around. this is sentimental hogwash, expertly done, and not bad at all. what makes it work are the skill and charm of judi dench and ian holm. when i hear the term, "warm-hearted comedy," i usually cringe unless the actors are first-rate. dench and holm are wonders to watch as they take something as light-weight and predictable as this script and turn it into something that charms us. then there's the "old broad" gambit that's fun if you remember the old broads. among the blonde bombshells are leslie caron, joan sims, olympia dukakis, billie whitelaw and cleo laine. laine sings three numbers and almost over-balances the production. she is so strong and unique a jazz talent that while she's singing the program nearly becomes the cleo laine show. another attractive feature is the number of great wwii songs played in strong swing.

this film pulls you in from the get-go because it grabs our attention by acknowledging, yeah, that this story is opening with a cliché  a funeral.in hands other than judi's i wouldn't have given it an 8 as this material has been done over and over again: the great reunion of a once famous, pick one please, team, army platoon, theatre group, singers, band.but this movie never stoops to cheap sentimentalization, and when you think it is going to it swoops off in another direction. a case in point is the flowers that are sent by an admirer to judi.the band members are an interesting group and ride above the clichés too. one is in jail, one has found religion, one is an alkie, and one has sunk into dementia. but the joie de vivre rediscovered by judi, ignited by her granddaughter's interest, carries us along and makes us overlook the sometimes simplistic nature of the plot.the cast are a who's who of talent, leslie caron, the incomparable jazzist cleo laine with her amazing high notes, a last performance from joan sims, brava joan, a cute as a button flirtatious ian holm having a ball, and olympia dukakis as a money-grabbing divorcée living in the highlands of scotland with her ghillie and her whiskey, the closing scene is standard hollywoodland fare, the judgmental children of the star converted to fun-loving supporters, the old lovers reunited, the youngsters swept up in the old timers' music. life should be this simple. but i would watch it again, and intend to, with my own granddaughter. for in the right hands, sometimes one just loves these brazen old clichés. 8 out of 10.

a charming little film set in the uk about the reunion of a wwii all girl (almost) swing band. a fine cast of oldsters bring lighthearted perspectives on life to this fun tale with an award winning performance by dench and laine's always great "pipes". time well spent and a fun watch for all.

i'm so glad i happened to see this video at the store. i was looking for some happy movies and this one turned out to be a true gem. i loved that the movie, a love story of sorts, wasn't about some beautiful twenty-somethings; rather, it's a story of some beautiful sixty-somethings, who used used to be twenty-somethings. it's a good, well written, and wonderfully acted story with fabulous wwii band music thrown in as well. it's also got a delightful surprise in it for scottish castle lovers. it left me smiling and ready to watch it again, which i did a couple more times before i turned it in. i highly recommend it.

this is a quirky movie that the brits do so well. low budget, cameo type roles, well executed. the story is a little weak, a recently widowed judi dench decides to round up the "blonde bombshells' a all (well almost all) girl band who performed during the war in london. the obligatory son/daughter who thinks she's gone potty. i did like the way the movie lets young people see that they don't have a monopoly on feelings, love and even lust! that the "old wrinklies" can have a good laugh too. judi dench was superb as always, a pity we didn't get to see more of the other "blonde bombeshells, the end was a little rushed i thought. i kept thinking as i watched that david jason would have made an even better patrick than ian holm, although he was quite adequate as the "transvestite" drummer. all in all a cheery movie well worth a night in with the girls :)

no message. no symbolism. no dark undercurrents.just a wonderful melange of music, nostalgia and good fun put to-gether by people who obviously had a great time doing it. it's a refreshing antidote to some of the pretentious garbage being ground out by the studios. of course anything with the incomparable judi dench is worth watching. and cleo laine's brilliant jazz singing is a bonus. this lady is in the same league as the late ella. this goes on my movie shelf to be pulled out again anytime i feel the need for a warm experience and a hearty good natured chuckle. just a wonderful film!

much to her adult children's chagrin & nearly immediately after elizabeth's (dame judy dench) husband's death, the widowed, attic tenor saxophone player becomes bent upon openly returning to her musical hobby. now that george is dead, elizabeth no longer has to practice playing sax in the attic. as she grows more pleased with playing in the open, elizabeth takes a stroll along memory lane, remembering when she was a 15 year old member of a jazz swing band, "the blonde bombshells": supposedly, an all-girl wwii group of talented jazz swing musicians. one of the "blonde bombshells'" band members was a womanizing, cross-dressing drummer, patrick (ian holm), with whom elizabeth remained friends.both patrick & elizabeth's 12-year-old grand-daughter, joanna (millie findlay), press elizabeth to round up the former band members & take up performing together again; this time as a bunch of sexagenarians. among the band members she finds are the (still foxy!) bass playing, madeleine (leslie caron); dinah (olympia dukakis), a trumpet playing, alcoholic & out-spoken, money-grubbing divorcée & widow living off of wealth from her many (ex)marriages in a craigievar scottish castle; gwen, (real life us star jazz singer, clio laine), having at the lead vocal; annie, (june whitfield), as the salvation army trombone player; betty, (the late piano player, joan sims), who's located training the ivory keys in a hastings pub.as elizabeth, patrick & joanna scout the world for members of the 1940's band & try to convince them to resume performing together, elizabeth is oft times beside herself as she learns more than she wants to know about their adult lives--including her own--while having a blast playing terrific music with the last of the living 'blonde bombshells'.amusing, nostalgic, historical, sentimental, multi-generational entertainment that is seriously fun. the actors deliver wonderful performances. regardless of their ages, they are still bombshell entertainers who put on quite a show. (the dvd is now out & worth owning because of the bonus features & dolby digital sound). surely as a fan of any of these terrific actors the vhs is a collector's item.

inspired at least a little by ivy benson & her all girls orchestra, who performed throughout the war years at the covent garden opera house, this film chronicles the attempts by an elderly saxophone player to reform the (almost) all girl band with whom she played as a schoolgirl towards the end of wwii. all too brief flashbacks to the original band on stage bring us some wonderful music, and help to fill in the background to the band members, and in particular to the girls' relationships with the lone male member - their transvestite drummer (who is trying to dodge the call-up).ian holm ("lord of the rings", "cromwell and fairfax") and judi dench turn in superb leading performances as the recently widowed elizabeth, and the conniving, womanizing patrick, the drummer. the late joan sims is perfect as the band's leader, now playing bar piano at the sea-side, and june whitfield glows as the salvation army trombone player. cameo appearances by other greats like cleo laine, leslie caron, olympia dukakis and billie whitelaw make this an unforgettable experience. the movie is a romp down memory lane, with an all star cast of what ought, by all rights, to be a bunch of over-the-hill actresses. all i can say is, i hope i look as good at their age! leslie caron, in particular, is still an incredible fox, at 69 years of age. she certainly still gets my pulse going! as i watched it, i was mentally berating the casting director for not using women of the appropriate age. afterwards, i looked these girls up, and discovered that every one of them is old enough to have been performing in the london of 1944 (although this might be a bit of a stretch for judi dench).if you like swing bands, thrive on nostalgia, or just want to see how good a woman can manage look with almost three quarters of a century behind her, don't miss this film.

charming in every way, this film is perfect if you're in the mood to feel good. if you love jazz music, it is a must see. if you enjoy seeing loveable characters that make you smile, can bring a tear to your eye and swing like there's no tomorrow this film is for you. if you are looking for an intense, deep, heavy piece of art to be dissected and analyzed perhaps you best stick with something by darren aronofsky (in other words - reviewer djjohn lighten up, don't you know a good time when you see one!) my only complaint is that the movie was just too darn short. i guess i'll just have to watch it several more times to get my fill.

"an album of songs so old everyone thinks they're new." this film has the elusive combination of pace and mood that set some films apart from the opening moments. and why not? towering talent from dame judith dench as a widow who plays saxaphone with a street musician to help him get the songs right, to olympia dukakis as the merry widow living in a scottish castle on the alimony of her many marriages, to ian holm as the drummer who loved all the members of a world war ii all girl (more or less) swing band. but wait, there's more. add in leslie caron on bass, and the incomparable clio laine on lead vocal, at last, and the blonde bombshells are the hottest band in england since the beatles. well, ok, not really, but this movie is a winner.elizabeth (dench) spends the whole film trying to reunite the blonde bombshells to play at her granddaughter's school dance. and before you roll your eyes, imagine how difficult and courageous it would be for a bunch of sexegenarian women to step onstage in front of the britney spears generation following an act called "open wound."in an age when actresses careers are over by the time they're 30, most bands' second album is a greatest hits compilation, and music more than a month old has almost no chance of airplay, it's great to see real talent, real music and a really good movie come from, where else, the bbc.i love this movie, and i know i'll watch it many more times, and enjoy it more each time.

i remember stumbling upon this special while channel-surfing in 1965. i had never heard of barbra before. when the show was over, i thought "this is probably the best thing on tv i will ever see in my life." 42 years later, that has held true. there is still nothing so amazing, so honestly astonishing as the talent that was displayed here. you can talk about all the super-stars you want to, this is the most superlative of them all!you name it, she can do it. comedy, pathos, sultry seduction, ballads, barbra is truly a story-teller. her ability to pull off anything she attempts is legendary. but this special was made in the beginning, and helped to create the legend that she quickly became. in spite of rising so far in such a short time, she has fulfilled the promise, revealing more of her talents as she went along. but they are all here from the very beginning. you will not be disappointed in viewing this.

barbra streisand's first television special was simply fantastic! from her skit as a child to her medley of songs in a high-fashion department store -- everything was top-notch! it was easy to understand how this special received awards.not muddled down by guest appearances, the focus remained on barbra thoughout the entire production.

barbra streisand's debut television special is still a pinnacle moment in entertainment history - in any media. cleverly divided into three separate acts (to minimize the interruption of commercial breaks), streisand made the bold-yet-masterful decision to drop the typical variety show format of the time (which is why there is no guest stars nor forced banter) and carry the entire show on her shoulders alone. the risky move paid off enormously, as my name is barbra set a new standard for musical programming on television.filmed in glorious black-and-white (which actually adds to the effectiveness of the show), my name is barbra is flawlessly-conceived and impressively shot. however, what makes the show truly transcendent is streisand herself. watching the then-23 year old performer navigate herself through the show's 55 minute runtime is nothing less than thrilling. she is in fantastic voice (and even performs the entire first and third acts live), and gives first evidence of the immense star power that would soon follow her to the big screen.the special's biggest asset is it's boldness in allowing streisand to simply stand on stage and sing some great songs. after the powerful opening performance of "much more" (with a brief opening snippet from leonard bernstein's "my name is barbara"), barbra proceeds to wander through a multi-level studio set performing a frantic version of the disney classic "i'm late." in between verses of "i'm late," streisand stops at various levels of the set to sing some terrific numbers such as the haunting "make believe" and the thundering "how does the wine taste?" halfway through the act i, barbra re-enters her own childhood to the strains of "a kid again," and then gives highly energetic performances of "i'm five" and "sweet zoo" while romping among an over-sized set. the illusion is eventually shattered, however, as streisand finds herself out of the fantasy and back in the real world. she then sings about this lost childhood innocence in the lovely "where is the wonder?" streisand then dashes out onto a platform stage surrounded by an entire room-full of musicians and performs a rousing rendition of "people" before the thunderous applause of a live studio audience.act ii of the special begins with streisand hamming it up for the studio audience with a campy rendition of "i've got the blues," before delivering a comedy monologue about "pearl from istanbul." streisand then heads off to bergdorf goodman's department store, which allows her to sing a medley of poverty songs while parading around in some of the store's elegant fashions. this segment is the brightest highlight of the special for many fans and critics. some high points of the act ii medley include streisand singing a restrained version of "second hand rose" to the audience, appearing as a latin bullfighter to the tune of "nobody knows you when you're down and out," and portraying a frustrated paperboy while mugging to "brother, can you spare a dime." the third act of the special is a straight concert, with no set pieces or concepts. streisand is a performer who really thrives on the concert stage, and this segment is the most thrilling moment of the special. streisand enters belting out an almost gravity-defying rendition of "when the sun comes out," and continues to amaze the viewer with a lovely version of the yearling ballad "why did i choose you," a scorching performance of "lover come back to me," and an impassioned medley of three songs form funny girl. streisand really outdoes herself, however, with a phenomenal rendition of the fanny brice/billie holiday standard "my man," which instantly became on of the singer's best-loved signature songs.streisand performs her immortal ballad version of "happy days are here again" as the closing credits roll by on the left-hand side of the screen. the iconic finish to the number reaffirms to the viewer that he or she has indeed seen something truly special. my name is barbra was a huge rating triumph when first aired, and it eventually picked up five emmy awards in addition to spawning two top-five, gold-selling soundtrack albums. watching it all again, it's absolutely no surprise.

as the first of the tv specials offered on the elaborate box set, "barbra streisand: the television specials", released last november, this disc is being released separately for those who do not want to fork over the dollars for all five specials. as an investment, this is indeed the best of the bunch if only for the fact that this is streisand at her purest and most eager to impress. that she succeeds so brilliantly is a key component of her legend. signed to a long-term contract with cbs to produce hour-long variety shows, an almost extinct format nowadays, streisand was all of 22 in this cbs special first broadcast in april 1965. at that point of her career, her notoriety was limited to a handful of best-selling albums, a few dazzling tv appearances on variety and talk shows, and her successful broadway run in "funny girl".filmed in crisp black-and-white, the program is divided into three distinct parts. with the creative transitional use of "i'm late" from disney's "alice in wonderland", the first segment cleverly shows her growing up from childhood through numbers as diverse as "make believe" and "i'm five". opening with a comic monologue about pearl from istanbul, the second part moves on location to manhattan's chic bergdorf goodman's where she is elegantly costumed in a series of glamorous outfits while singing depression-era songs like "i've got plenty of nuthin'" and "the best things in life are free" with comic irony. back to basics, the third segment is a straight-ahead concert which opens with a torchy version of "when the sun comes out", includes a "funny girl" medley, and ends with her classic, melancholic take on "happy days are here again" over the ending credits. also included is the brief introduction she taped in 1986 when the special was first released on vhs. for those who know streisand only for her pricey concert tickets and political fundraising, this is a genuine eye-opener into why she is so revered now.

streisand fans only familiar with her work from the funny girl film onwards need to see this show to see what a brilliant performer streisand was - before she achieved her goal of becoming a movie star. there had never been a female singer quite like her ever before, and there never would be again (sorry, celine - only in your dreams!), but never again would streisand sing with the vibrancy, energy, and, above all, the enthusiasm and vulnerability with which she performs here - by the time she gets to that central park concert only 2 or 3 years later, she'd been filming funny girl in hollywood and her performing style has become less spontaneous and more reserved, more rehearsed (and, let's face it: more angry) - there's a wall between her and the audience. live performing was never what she really enjoyed - she did it because she knew it was her ticket to hollywood, and once she no longer had to do it she's done it as little as possible (and oh, that legendary stage fright provides such a good excuse!).her vocals here and on her earlier judy garland show appearance are incredible: streisand could truly make an old song sound new again, and composers such as richard rodgers and harold arlen loved her for it. but by the 1970s streisand was trying to be a "rock" singer, her albums pandering to the younger audiences, with over-wrought shrieking of songs that were unworthy of her effort or her voice. in the '80s she came back with that brilliant "broadway album," but went on and on about what a struggle it was to get it done, how "they" told her not to do it, etc. oh please - when has anyone told streisand what to do? she could have been doing good stuff like that all along, bringing audiences up to her level instead of stooping to what she thought the young public wanted. (the "back to broadway" sequel wasn't nearly as good, as streisand seems to feel it necessary to improve on other composers' work: if he were alive at the time, would richard rodgers have even recognized his own "some enchanted evening"? rodgers, notorious for taking singers to task for playing around with his melodies, would undoubtedly have been after streisand to sing what he'd written! she also blows michael crawford off the cd in their duet of "music of the night" - apparently reminding him just whose cd this is. why does she insist on taking songs that are duets and singing them by herself, and songs that aren't duets and singing them as duets with someone else who she then goes on to diminish?)supposedly judy garland took streisand aside and advised her, "don't let them do to you what they did to me," advice streisand wasted no time in heeding - despite her protestations to the contrary, surely it looks like it's always been her way or the highway. just imagine - she told the cbs brass how her first tv special would be done - no guests, just her.but nobody can argue with the results that are so evident here. treat yourself to this brilliant musical phenomenon before she was a legend - you'll be absolutely amazed at the difference!ps - i watched this again last night (12/01) after not having seen it for many years - it was even better than i remembered! the 1st act begins with "i'm late" and includes "make believe" and "how does the wine taste," and barbra's homage to childhood, "i'm five" - it climaxes as streisand appears with full (and i mean full) orchestra to sing "people" - she wasn't bored with the song yet and although it's a somewhat shorter rendition it really soars - compare it to some of her later "auto-pilot" versions. the 2nd act (after streisand's "kooky" schtick-patter, which hasn't changed much over the years) is the famous series of depression songs set amidst the extravagance of bergdorf-goodman's.the 3rd act is the stunner - call it "streisand, the orchestra, and the audience" (although we never see the audience that supposedly witness this historic event). with her fear of audiences and dislike of such performing, this may have been the toughest part for her, but if so, to her credit it doesn't show. she tears through "lover come back to me" and the torchy "when the sun comes out" (though i can't remember in which order!), the poignant "why did i choose you? (one of my all-time favorite streisand performances) and offers a medley of funny girl songs, including (of course) "don't rain on my parade" and my favorite song from the score, "the music that makes me dance". explaining that "fanny brice sang a song like that in 1922, and it made her the toast of broadway", streisand then sings "my man", and it's almost a dress-rehearsal template for her later screen rendition in the funny girl film (the main difference being that the black gown here is sleeveless - her film gown had long sleeves and against the black background all we saw were her hands and face), but the vocal here is more urgent and charged than her later film vocal. (her performance of the song has everything to do with streisand and nothing to do with fanny brice who, of course, never sang the song in such an all-out manner as streisand does here or in the film - see the great ziegfield for a glimpse of brice's more understated version.) the show ends with streisand singing "happy days are here again" over the credits.when it was over i said to the friend i was watching it with, "she has never, ever, done anything better!"and she was twenty-three years old!

this was barbra streisand's first television special and is "must see" viewing for any streisand fan. even non-streisand fans will enjoy this highly energetic and entertaining piece of entertainment history. performers like this only come our way once in a lifetime. brilliant!

in april of 1965, cbs broadcast the first of barbra streisand's monumental television specials. the show was not only a runaway ratings success, but garnered 5 emmy awards as well. this is one of the most memorable moments of 1960's television and (unfortunately) the kind of television special they don't produce anymore. filled with wonderful songs and a spectacular performance by barbra, this special is a must view for any streisand fan and anyone interested in early television.

if people didn't know who barbra streisand was before this,...(is that possible?)...they sure knew who she was after!this show went on to win 5 emmys, & stands out as one the best things streisand has ever done.it's made up of 3 acts....act i...barbra singing standards from room to room, filled with musicians, including a segment where she is a little girl again,all ending with a splendid version of her signature song,(at the time)..."people".act ii....a musical tour of bergdoff-goodman,while barbra sings poverty songs..it's better than it sounds...act iii.....the best part, just barbra,musicians,& some great songs,like....."happy days are here again",& a "funny girl" medley....all in all, a great part of television history,made by one of the greatest performers in the world!

barbra streisand in 1964 was still a curiosity, and probably raised more than a few industry eyebrows when cbs signed her to 10-year, $5 million television deal (nothing these days). but more important than that, barbra and her manager insisted on creative control--and got it. she had this special filmed her way, and for the most part her vision was by turns clever, canny, and incredible. opening act i with the title song (not written specifically for her), streisand races through a classy cast of songs linked with "i'm late" (from "alice in wonderland"!--she even keeps in the line about fuzzy ears and whiskers and "too much time to shave"!); this is a totally charming, if not bizarre, selection--and enjoy it because it didn't make the two soundtrack albums released. she slows down for "make believe" (which gets perhaps too slow), but the dramatic "how does the wine taste?" is amazing. "a kid again" is cute (with streisand looking tiny in a huge chair--is that where lily tomlin got the idea?), as is "sweet zoo" ("i'm an alligator--crocodile??--no, alligator!"). "where is the wonder" is very cool and elegant, and her "people" number, surrounded by an orchestra who tap for her at the song's close, is stunning. act ii is set in new york city's bergdof goodman, with streisand acting kooky in high fashion get-ups (when she playfully stomps on the mink, the audience watching the tape actually gasps). act iii, before a studio audience (made up of lucky fan club devotees), begins with a powerful version of "when the sun comes out" (streisand actually looks out of breath at the dramatic close), followed by "why did i choose you?" (probably her best early song), a too-quick "lover, come back to me" (where she's ultimately drowned out by the orchestra), and a 'funny girl' medley. the finale, "happy days are here again", which reportedly took 12 takes, closes the hour in amazing fashion. sponsored by chemstrand (a fiber-making company!), this black-and-white gem moves fast, with jazzy set-ups, terrific cinematography, kicky sets and costumes. they really don't make 'em like this anymore--and that pertains to the special and to la streisand.

i can see why this film was oscar-nominated for best live action short, as it was constructed masterfully. even if you don't particularly like the blues (though to me, this sounded much more like jazz), you can easily appreciate this film. it is simply very well made, though for the life of me, i can't see why director gjon mili only got to direct one film--this one. in other words, the film is nominated and yet the director didn't get any sort of career boost. as for the black performers, i could understand this not causing their careers to shift into high gear, as unfortunately most of white society have indifference (or worse) for blacks or "that kind of music".if you do watch this film, if you aren't particularly enjoying the earlier portion, skip ahead to about the 5:50 mark--where it picks up considerably. when the lady stopped singing and the performers began to improvise, the pace improved quite a bit.

...may seem like an overstatement, but it is not.what is so hard to comprehend is - why didn't they make more musical shorts like this? wasn't the beauty of it totally apparent to everybody involved? i guess not. so many shorts were made for commercial reasons only, and with some luck there may be some artistic value in there. this is one exception - the only one? - where it seems they were the director had a vision and clearly could appreciate the music as art. why didn't anybody ever think to shoot lester or charlie parker on a live date? crazy, man.a pity there were no sequels. if you've seen anything of similar quality please share it!

jammin' the blues is an oscar-nominated short from 1944 that is basically 10 minutes of improvisational jazz played in one long jam. marie bryant sings "the sunny side of the street" at one point for the film's highlight then jitterbugs with archie savage to bring this most entertaining "jam session" to its exciting end. the director gojn mili was a photographer and that experience shows in some of the double exposure shots of some of the musicians that makes this one of the most innovative angles of the '40s. according to some notes i read one of the musicians was white and had to be filmed in silhouette in reflection of the social attitudes of the time. what a shame. still, this most unusual film of the time is available on youtube so if you love jazz, i suggest you seek it out there.

jazz aficionados will treasure this classic short showing some of the best men of jazz just doing their thing. it's like watching a no frills music video today.the jazz men give us an additional treat in the person of marie bryant who sings a classic version of on the sunny side of the street. i had never heard her sing before, bryant sounds remarkably like billie holliday. that's a compliment folks.their instrumental work is tops as well. with the black cinema of its time fed a lot of white stereotypes, this film is to be watched and treasured. no great production values, just a lot of good music.

each of the major studios cranked out jazzy one-reelers throughout the thirties and forties (with universal taking the lead). while most looked as cheap on screen as they were to make, warner bros. (which abruptly stopped making them in 1946) often distinguished theirs with offbeat camera angles, mirrors and optical effects, thanks to some creative directors like jean negulesco. it is fitting that the best of this genre should come from this studio.what sets "jammin' the blues" apart from the rest of the pack is that it more closely resembles an avant-garde experiment than a hollywood musical. filmed in july 1944, it transforms an ordinary jam session into a "trippy" dream-escape from war-time troubles, highlighted by the tune of "on the sunny side of the street". gjon mili and cameraman robert burkes (later to work with hitchcock) were allowed plenty of artistic freedom, perhaps because lester young was not glenn miller and the studio could care less how he and his fellow musicians were presented. the optical printer is put to good use, with multiple images of the same performer appearing at once. (norman mclaren really milked this process two decades later in "pas de deux", while linwood dunn's team achieved different effects in "citizen kane".) the strong emphasis on silhouettes and lit cigarette smoke was also ahead of its time; in some ways, this predated the psychedelic sixties, but with a distinctly forties film noir style.

this short was nominated for an academy award and i wish it had won! basically a filmed jam session between some very talented musicians, including lester young and joe jones, the music is incredible! hollywood quite often embraced jazz (particularly animation, believe it or not) but this is a rare look on film at an improvisational jam. this has been added to the film preservation list and deservedly so. tcm runs this as filler periodically and runs it every march sometime for its' "31 days of oscar" tribute. from downtown at the buzzer, swish, nothing but net and the shot's so smooth, the net barely moved. most solidly and highly recommended!!!

simply but imaginatively filmed studio-set performance short, a perfect match of music and images that defines the very coolness of cool and the hipness of hip. the precise visual and musical arrangements give the lie to its claim to be a record of a jam session: what it is, is a pop video - every bit as stylised and knowing as that implies, and all the better for it. among the very best music films ever made, and almost certainly the most cinematic. these cats are solid gone, daddy-o ...

maybe the greatest film ever about jazz.it is jazz.the opening shot continues to haunt my reverie.lester, of course, is wonderful and out of this world.jo jones is always a delight (see the sound of jazz as well).if you can, find the music; it's available on cd.all lovers of jazz and film noir should study this tremendous jewel.what shadows and light - what music - what a hat!

there are a number of things that are not correct, although this is not too important since what happened to whom and when is still in dispute. the most blatant liberty with the facts i think is when they start to play at bruno koschmidder's kaiserkeller, when in fact they played at the indra and moved to the kaiserkeller later.i agree with semprinni20 that the film was biased in favour of pete best's version, but if he is the story consultant then i guess he calls the shots. i also agree with semprinni that the recordings pete best plays on say the last word on the subject of why he was fired.although the film is not such a lavish production as the later film "backbeat", i prefer this film because it is more accurate, and because it has a better script with deeper characterisation.there is plenty in the film that is quite substantial - such as brian epstein trying to hide the fact that he has been "queer-bashed," only to find out that the band knew he was gay all along. little touches like the band going into a café and ordering "corn-flakes mit milch." my favourite scene, which does have some bassis in fact, is where at an audition stuart sutcliffe has just bought his bass guitar but can't play it, so he stands with his back to the impresario and tries faking it, but gets caught. that's rock 'n' roll.well worth watching.

having just watched this film again from a 1998 showing off vh-1, i just had to comment.the first time i saw this film on tv, it was about 1981, and i remember taping it off of my mother's betamax. it wound up taping in black and white for some reason, which gave it a period look that i grew to like.i remember very distinctively the film beginning with the song, "my bonnie", as the camera panned over a scene of liverpool. i also remember the opening scene where paul gestures to some girls and says, "look, talent!" so it was with great irritation that i popped in my 1998 taped version and "remembered" that the film opens with "she loves you", instead of "my bonnie". when you see how slowly the camera pans vs. the speed of the music, you can see that "she loves you" just doesn't fit. also, in this "later" version when paul sees the girls, he says, "look, girls!"..and somehow having remembered the earlier version, that word just didn't seem to fit, either. why they felt they had to americanize this film for american audiences is beyond me. personally, if i'm going to watch a film about a british band, i want all of the british colloquialisms and such that would be a part of their speech, mannerisms, etc.another irritation was how "choppy" the editing was for television. just after stu gets beaten, for example, the film cuts to a commercial break-lots of 'em. yeah, i know it depends on the network, but it really ruins the effect of a film to have it sliced apart, as we all know. what some people might find as insignificant in terms of dialogue (and thereby okay to edit), may actually go the way of explaining a particular action or scene that follows.my point is, the "best" version of this film was probably the earlier version i taped from 1981, which just so happened to include the "shake, rattle & roll" scene that my 1998 version didn't. i started to surmise that there had to have been two different versions made for television, and a look at the "alternate versions" link regarding this film proved me right. that the american version had some shorter/cut/different scenes and/or dialogue is a huge disappointment to me and something worth mentioning if one cares about such things. imo, ones best bet is to try and get a hold of the european version of this film, if possible, and (probably even less possible), an unedited version. sadly, i had to discard my old betamax european version because i didn't know how to convert it.all that aside, i found this film to be, perhaps, one of the best films regarding the story behind the "birth of the beatles". being well aware that artistic and creative license is often used in movies and tv when portraying events in history, i didn't let any discrepancies mar my enjoyment of the film. sure, you see the beatles perform songs at the cavern that made me wonder, "did they even write that back then?? i don't think so", but, nevertheless, i thought it was a great film and the performances, wonderful.the real stand-out for me, in fact, was the actor who played john, stephen mackenna. i just about fell in love with him. his look, mannerisms, personality and speaking voice seemed to be spot-on. he looked enough like a young john for me to do a double-take towards the end of the film when you see the beatles performing on ed sullivan for the first time. i actually found myself questioning whether or not it was actual beatle footage, until i saw the other actors in the scene.if you're looking for a dead accurate history of the beatles' life and beginnings, you can't get any better than, "the beatles' anthology", as it was "written" by the boys', themselves. however, if you're looking for a fun snapshot of their pre-beatlemania days leading up to their arrival in america and you leave your anal critical assessments at the door, you can't go wrong with the "birth of the beatles"--a must for any "real" or casual beatle fan.

the idea of making a film about the beatles sounds doomed idea, as no production can catch the idea of the actual historic beatles. then it is perhaps best not to try to recreate the past, but to produce an illustration that works best with the other available beatles material. this is exactly what 'birth of the beatles' offers to us, the simple story known to us without any extravaganza.*** spoilers here on *** be warned that not everything is that accurate as some beatles-graduates might expect. the beatles are seen performing songs that hardly were even composed by that time. the beatles perform "ask me why", "p.s. i love you" and even "don't bother me". the beatles-graduates should see that if the beatles on the film only performed songs that they actually did at hamburg, the younger viewers might not anymore recognize the beatles they have learned to know them. of that original hamburg repertoire only "johnny b. goode" and stu sutcliffe's "love me tender" are retained.the guys who play the beatles in this production scarcely look like the originals, but the rest of the film still make good viewing as the film is for the rest fairly accurate. the guy who plays lennon does it good and the rest of the band are not bad either. brian epstein is great and the moment when he sacks pete best from the group is probably the most memorable scene in the whole film. also as a bonus you get to see the original cavern club in the film.

"birth of the beatles", for being a us television movie, released in the fall of 1979 has actually been, so far the best movie which tells the tale of the the four lads from liverpool that revolutionized the music industry and the world. as told by the point of view of former beatle pete best. the performance from the entire cast is excellent but, most especially the performance by stephen mackenna as john lennon and rod culbertson as paul mccartney. the film was produced by a legend of the rock and roll era,mr dick clark. who a year earlier in 1978 had produced another tv movie, that has stood the test of time starring "kurt rusell" in the lead role about another musical legend; "elvis". that movie was directed by an unknown director named "john carpenter" who went on to direct other successful movies such as; "halloween","escape from new york", and "the thing". the same can be said for the director of the "birth of the beatles", mr richard marquand. he went on to direct other theatrical blockbusters such as "star wars return of the jedi","eye of the needle",and "jagged edge" among many. the only other film that tells the story of the fab four that i know of,is back beat which had a theatrical release in 1994. however, the critics did not care for it,nor did the public, for it did not have a long life span in the theater. birth of the beatles is very charming and simplistic film that gives you the essence of the beginning of the legend and the struggles & hardships they went thru and ends at there pinnacle of success when they arrive in nyc and appear in the ed sullivan show in 1964. i highly recommend this film.

as a knowledgeable fan i recommend this film as faithful to the facts and well acted. as an 11 year old living in istanbul i heard some friends talking about a new music sensation that caused girls to scream. i thought hmmmm, if girls like them, they must be crap. my only records until then were haley mills, the everly brothers & ricky nelson. soon after while on vacation with the family at a military cafeteria in ismir i heard a song (which i later learned was 'love me do') and was floored by the difference between it and every song i had ever heard until then. when i heard the 'meet the beatles' album of my older brother i was hooked for life. having read the definitive book of their beginnings (by davis) i was surprised that this movie followed the facts very well with the exception of leaving out most of the sex and some of the drug use (it did touch on the use of methadrine/dexadrine). >

this review owes its existence entirely to a review. we take a weekly tv magazine to see what is coming up, and duly decide what we will watch. obligingly, there are brief reviews of most of the films scheduled to be shown on the five major terrestrial channels. in addition to the prose, each film is allocated a 1-5 star rating. 5 means don't miss (superior to 4 for excellent!), down to 1 standing for poor. we have learned from vast experience that, with few exceptions, stars are awarded for gross taste, foul language, offensive content, promiscuity, horror, blood & guts, and especially killing off the hero/heroine just when everyone was about to live happily ever after. (if that isn't done, the movie is denigrated as being 'predictable' - the worst insult imaginable!)brave new girl was given only 1 star, thereby suggesting it was a candidate worthy of our time and attention. this was confirmed by the reviewer's description of the movie as being a "truly awful tale", and, "stupid, just stupid". we watched it, and my wife and i were glad we did so. the tv magazine reviewer further stated that the movie was "not a reworking of war and peace", with which we have to agree. reading through the imdb reviews for this title a day or two later, the urge to pick up my pen (so to speak) to add my halfpennyworth (pronounced harf'pen'uth (emphasis on the first syllable) for the uninitiated) became overwhelming.why did we take to this movie? well, it's just a matter of taste. we like attractive characters, believable relationships between them, interesting situations, courtesy and respect, good triumphing over evil, and so on. we liked the integrity and personalities of holly (lindsey haun), her mum (virginia madsen), ditz (barbara mamabolo), grant (nick roth), zoe (joanne boland) and the two male professors involved in the story. so what if the storyline includes a 'wicked witch of the west' in the form of angela (barbara mamabolo), provided that she plays the part with some conviction. we appreciated the friendship depicted between the two room-mates, with one having a financially challenged upbringing by a loving single mum, and the other having every material advantage but receiving little parental time and affection. is it any wonder that ditz felt the way she did about holly's mum? is it surprising that grant should take an immediate interest in holly, considering the manner of their initial meeting, holly's dazzling smiles and her lively self-possession? i think these issues and the events are believable enough, but it is necessary to pretend that the scholarship and other circumstances are realistic in order for the tale to have a setting.my wife and i are greatly blessed by not having any significant musical education. this enables us to enjoy the sounds produced by instruments and voices without having our critical faculties intruding unduly on our listening, and thus spoiling the experience. we enjoyed both the classical pieces and the pop, which came over well on the tv, and we weren't struck by any lack of talent. also, it mattered not that holly's classical vocals were dubbed by someone else.we enjoyed the movie enough to look for a dvd. the average delivered price we have paid per disk for the movies in our collection currently stands at £4.9484 (rounded to four decimal places). brave new girl was available from a trusted supplier on the amazon marketplace for £1.3516 (rounded to four decimal places) above this figure. such a purchase would increase the average. why i should resent this is a mystery to me, but it is a testimony to our enjoyment of this film that we placed an order anyway. i have awarded this film 7 imdb stars out of ten, having docked one for overenthusiastic reception of the performances by the audiences, one for britney advertising and one for something else i can't remember right now. (in case it hasn't tumbled, this review is an anthem in celebration of the use of brackets!)

in "brave new girl," holly comes from a small town in texas, sings "the yellow rose of texas" at a local competition, and gets admitted to a prestigious arts college in philadelphia. from there the movie grows into a colorful story of friendship and loyalty. i loved this movie. it was full of great singing and acting and characters that kept it moving at a very nice pace. the acting was, of course, wonderful. virginia madsen and lindsey haun were outstanding, as well as nick roth the camera work was really done well and i was very pleased with the end (it seems a sequel could be in the making). kudos to the director and all others that participated on this production. quite a gem in the film archives.

i'd just like to say that i've seen this film twice now and i love it! the acting is great and even though it is a similar plot to "raise your voice" i think that the plot never gets boring for people who like that kind of thing. it has some great lessons in it and shows us that we can do anything if we try. an incredible film. i am sure that this is one i will be watching for a long time to come. even though britney spears write the book it is quite a realistic plot, maybe not about the falling in love part, but the part about being different and struggling but coming out best in the end is very true to real life. the only minor criticism is why is the main girl in these films always beautiful? do you really think that holly would have met the perfect guy of her dreams if she was ugly or average? i doubt it..

i really enjoyed this movie. britney is an excellent role model for teens and should be more appreciated. this movie is about following your dreams and never giving up no matter what people might do or say to discourage and criticize you. holly fulfills her dreams just like britney. there are times in everyones' lives when people judge them for what they are not who they are. watching this movie will make you understand that you are special in your own way and that you should follow your dreams no matter what happens. i would like to thank britney for encouraging me and my friends to follow our dreams. she will never know how much that means to me. bravo britney. you are the greatest!!!

i've read the other reviews and found some to be comparison of movie v real life (eg what it takes to get into music school), britney bashing, etc, etc. so let's focus on the movie and the message.i have rated this movie 7 out of 10 for the age range 8 to 14 years, and for a family movie. for the average adult male.... 2 out of 10.i like pop/rock music, i'm 45. i know of britney spears but never realised she actually sang stronger until i read the credits and these reviews. i didn't recognise her poster on the wall so i was not worried about any 'self promotion'.i watch movies to be entertained. i don't care about casting, lighting, producers, directors, etc. what is the movie and does it entertain me.i watched this movie for the message. the world's greatest epidemic is low self-esteem (which is a whole other story) so watched with the message in mind, as that is an area of interest. the movie is light, bright and breezy, great for kids. i found the texan twang began to fade throughout the movie and of course there are only so many ways to convey the give up/don't give up message, so yeh, it was a bit predictable. great message though...should be more of them.this movie is a great family movie, but for a bloke watching by himself, get hannibal.

i really think that this movie is great, personally. but, in every movie there is a downer. now, some of you may not have watched hilary duff's 'raise your voice', but if you think about it, those two shows are very very similar, if you know what i mean. in 'brave new girl', holly wants so bad to get into haverty conservatory. in 'raise your voice', terri wants to go to a conservatory in l.a.(don't remember the name of the conservatory there). they are both in the music field, and they both have to sing at the ending of the semester. it's really funny how these two films are alike. i personally like 'brave new girl' better than, 'raise your voice' though.

yes, the plot is predictable; yes, there are a few plot holes; yes, it has a made-for-tv quality; and yes, britney spears "wrote" the book with obvious self-promotion.but forget all of that... this movie is fun.fun in an after school special sort-of-way, but fun nevertheless.virginia madsen as the mother does a great job... so good that i'm going to start watching for her movies. she reminded me of diane lane for all the good reasons.the rest of the cast does a fine job, too. if i was a casting agent, i'd be scouting some of these young actors.the production values are above usual tv standards and the music was really great... better than several big-budget movies i've seen.if you're in the mood for german noir this movie isn't for you. if you want a safe, fun and underrated movie, this is a good one. it's one you could show to your 10 year old daughter but enjoy it yourself too.

i've seen a slew of "80s rocker horrors" over the years, from rubbish like "terror on tour" to ridiculously fun gems like "slumber party massacre 2." somehow i managed to keep putting this one off, which is strange because it's probably the most popular and well received one. well, i finally caught up with it and it's easily the best of this mostly awful (but almost always endearing!) subgenre. the plot (which was pretty much lifted in the film "black roses") concerns a mulleted misfit named eddie, whose ridiculed by all in his high school for his taste in music. he loves 80s metal, especially his idol sammi curr (played by the late great tony fields.) after sammi is killed, eddie favorite radio dj gives him sammi's final recording. once eddie plays the record backwards, he discovers he's a bit tougher, and bad things start happening to those who taunt him. is sammi's music possessed? "trick or treat" is well-made and a total hoot. the special effects are awesome, even though it does feature the typical 80s laser beams. i grew up in the 80s, and while i wasn't a fan of heavy metal, i do remember the urban legend about playing a record backwards hearing the sounds of satan worshipping. haha! i also remember being told by my older siblings and neighbors that both kiss and ozzy worshipped satan, so it's very amusing to see them both make cameos as a harmless radio dj and a anti-rock priest. if only i had seen this film as a kid! while the film seems to poke fun at the popular connection in the 80s between alleged devil worship and heavy metal, the viewer never really finds out why sammi curr is back from the dead creating havoc and killing whoever gets in his way. this is movie's weakest point, but if you can overlook that, it's loads of fun.

this movie is horrible, but you have to see it because of that. i'm not here to discuss the entire film, just the greatest chase scene ever. when eddie dumbs milk on tim, he gets chased down the hallway. eddie puts obstacles in the jocks way with hilarious consequences (like a cymbal nailing a trumpet player; buy the dvd and watch it slow). the best obstacle is a knocked over mop bucket which one jock jumps over but proceeds to slide on the ground out a door. but when he slides he picks up speed thus defying physics (mainly friction); yet what lies behind the door is supreme. the steepest stair case in any school ever, which this jock proceeds to clear in the air. in reality he probably would die of a broken neck. not only does he defy all concepts of reality, he makes the funniest noise ever made in that situation. go and buy this one. trust me this scene is worth your 6 bucks.

being a genre film fan, a child of the 80's and a fan of hard rock music...this movie holds a special place in my heart. it has everything you could want in a supernatural movie: action, great special effects (for 1986) and a guitar wailing glam- rock soundtrack. it certainly was the movie for all the heavy metal fans at the time. i didn't see this at the cinema because it was never released theatrically over here...but it's popularity on video during the mid to late eighties secured it's cult status and eventually led to a (sadly, mediocre) dvd release in 2002. if you're not a fan of creepy movies or rock music then this probably isn't your cup of tea...but, trust me, there are worse films of this type out there...and, despite average acting and some outrageously ridiculous situations, trick or treat is most definitely a wailing riff above the usual horror fare. you'll never look at your stereo the same way again. or should i say mp3 player?trick or treat trivia- marc price (eddie) played geeky skippy handelman on the popular long running comedy sitcom 'family ties.' after a string of direct to video flops including, 'little devils''killer tomatoes eat france' and 'the rescue' he gave up on acting to pursue a career in stand-up comedy. recently, he has been considering a tv comeback.glen morgan (roger) is now a major hollywood producer/ screenwriter. he has written and produced several major films and tv series, including: 'space: above and beyond''the x-files''final destination''jet li's the one''willard' and most recently 'final destination 3'.tony fields (sammi) started his performing career as a dancer on the tv series 'solid gold'. he appeared in several low budget films and tv shows before landing his breakout role as the devilish sammi curr in 'trick or treat'. sadly, tony passed away on february 27th 1995 of aids related cancer.doug savant (tim) is probably best remembered for his pioneering role of homosexual twentysomething matt fielding on the popular sitcom 'melrose place'. since then he has had a long and varied acting career, appearing in such films and tv series as: 'the one''godzilla''csi: crime scene investigation' and the short lived joss whedon sci-fi series 'firefly'. currently he can be seen as tom scavo on the smash hit series 'desperate housewives'.

i gave this a 10 out of 10 points. i love it so much. i am a child of the 80s and totally into heavy metal for many years. those are the reasons i like this movie so much. its so cool to see those posters in the bedroom of that boy (judas priest, lizzy borden, raven, twisted sister...)and his vinyl collection(unveiling the wicked by exciter, rise of the mutants by shock metal master impaler and killing is my business by megadeth). also the soundtrack by fastway is totally incredible and fits very well with the plot. if you are into metal, then trick or treat is your friend. don't buy or watch this movie for ozzy or gene simmons because they are in the movie for seconds, watch it because the soundtrack and the story that will take you back to the glory 80s. you will not be the same person after.

actually, i never bought into the metal was satanic and stuff, but this movie kind of played on that idea. though certainly not a movie to take seriously or to rate really high, it does serve its purpose in that it entertains while it is playing. the story has a metal band burned to death in their hotel, one of their fans has a dream to this effect and said band starts to go on a kill spree from beyond the grave. so yes, a bit of "nightmare on elm street" plot going on here. granted freddy never molested a girl in a car before. there was another movie featuring a heavy metal band in it, but it was very different in how it played out as it had a band that kind of took over a town of kids and made them crazy. this one simply has the one fan of the band kind of helping the killer spirit at first then trying to stop him. nothing to gruesome in it as i do not remember all that many gory kills. quite frankly, the scene i do remember most is the scene of the girl wearing the headphones and then being molested by some creature incarnation of the band. nothing great, but a nice time filler.

sammi, curr a metal rock god, they tried to stop him, they tried to ban him, the tried to censor his music!! (much like the real life dee snider, from twisted sister,[tipper gore] or ozzy osborne) killed in a fire, sammi cure was suppose to play on halloween at his old high school for a dance.. now eddie weinbauer , his #1 fan, and the only one who knew how sammi was, and what he felt (or did he?) nuke, the d.j. at the local radio station (gene simmons) has and gives the only copy of sammi's last record eddie.. but when eddie tries to play the record backwards, he finds sammi talking to him from the dead, and telling him what to do to get back at the bullies at his school that hate him and his music.. everything works out until, sammi starts to kill!! a great movie and must see for heavy metal hairband fans, with a great sound track by fastway, and just in case you don't know what the songs sound like or know fastway and doesn't like them, they changed there voice a bit and there style as well to sound like the more known cinderella, or ratt.. is the movie a true horror movie? well that depends on what you call a horror movie, to me a true horror movie is a slasher, with lots of killing, or just plain be scary.. this movie is neither, not enough deaths, but it can't be called a action, comedy, drama, suspense, or thriller, so that is why i would guess it has to be a horror.. so if you wanna "rock n' roll, rockin' on the mid night steel your soul!!" than sammi curr and trick or treat is the for you.. i mean "what are you afraid of? it's only rock 'n' roll!?!"

when you come across a gem of a movie like this, you realize why the '80s were the greatest decade to live thru. the rock music ruled, & so did movies...especially horror movies. filmmakers knew how to entertain us, & "trick or treat" is evident to this. when rocker sammi curr, who was most likely written after w.a.s.p. singer blackie lawless, dies in a hotel fire, his #1 fan eddie, is distraught. he goes to friend & local dj nuke (gene simmons) for support. nuke gives him a copy of the very last recording that sammi made; this is the only copy available. it was given to the radio station to be played live halloween night. when eddie plays it, it somehow brings back sammi. he helps eddie with the bullies at school, but then goes out of control. it is definitely one great movie. the bad thing is, this movie is out of print. i paid $25.00 to finally get it off of ebay. you should too...$$ well spent!

this movie is sort of a carrie meets heavy metal. it's about a highschool guy who gets picked on alot and he totally gets revenge with the help of a heavy metal ghost. it is such a classic. the soundtrack is a++++. you've got living legends of metal in it. and marc price was great in this film. this is a must have for metal fans.

i love this movie and never get tired of watching. the music in it is great. any true hard rock fan should see this movie and buy the soundtrack. with rockers like gene simmons and ozzy osbourne you can't go wrong.

skippy from family ties goes from clean-cut to metal kid in this fairly cheesy movie. the film seems like it was made in response to all those upset parents who claimed metal music was turning their kids evil or making them kill themselves - except in this one a dead satanic metal star is trying to come back from the grave (using skippy to help out). and while the plot is corny and cliche, the corniness (for example, an evil green fog taking off a girl's clothes)and the soundtrack are what make the movie so hilarious (and great). and of course, there's nothing like ozzy osbourne playing a preacher who's asking what happened to the love song :). definitely a movie for having a few friends over for a good laugh. and while you're at it, make it a double feature with slumber party massacre 2 - there's an "evil rocker" (as stated on the video box)driller killer in black leather w/fringe. a must see for cheesy movie fans.

nobody said movies had to be realistic did they? i really liked this movie because i remember when i first saw it in junior high. for all the kids who remember the pmrc and albums before there were warning stickers, it's a cool story for all those kids who were part of the mid to late 80's headbanger crowd.

this is a great, ridiculous horror movie that captures the essence of the mid to late 80s' obsession with how evil metal music supposedly was. i can remember being freaked out by metal teens when i was a kid. it doesn't help that i found a desecrated grave in my hometown's graveyard when i was ten. turns out this weird metal kid had dug up some old bodies and used their bones in some weird sacrifice to satan. so maybe stuff like deterred me from metal for awhile, but i love it now, as a 24 year old.i bought this dvd used for 6 bucks and i expected it to suck due to the lame cover, but to my surprise, it ruled. it is all about the extreme demonic power of metal. and you gotta love a scene where a guitar shoots lazers and vaporizes headbangers in the crowd. this movie is awesome, if you love 80s metal and bad movies, this one's for you. 9/10!

i heard about this movie when watching vh1's "100 most metal moments." on the segment, gene simmons (who played a cameo) and several other interviewees discussed how utterly awful this movie is. unlike most people, i'm often more curious about checking out movies that have reputations for being ridiculously bad than, say, a masterpiece of cinema. the advantage of having that sort of attitude is half the time i find out that the movies are nowhere near as bad as people said, and i end up enjoying them a lot more than i initially expected. that was my experience with "trick or treat." now, it's hard to make a movie about a teenage boy who receives messages from a dead heavy metal star by playing one of his vintage records backwards without people scoffing at the premise. sure, it's certainly a strange premise, but one that's never been done before! give the filmmakers points for originality for pete's sake! if you're looking to buy the dvd, having no prior knowledge of the movie, don't be fooled into thinking ozzy osbourne and gene simmons are the stars. however, though simmons has a thankless role, ozzy does have a funny cameo as a reverend (that's right, a reverend!!) who speaks out against heavy metal. for one thing, it's funny seeing ozzy with short hair. and for another thing, you can't help but laugh at the irony. sure, it's a cheap shot, but an effective one. the acting is pretty good. i found the performances convincing. the teen characters are horribly clichéd. so expect the usual array of jocks and nerds. and like in every one of these movies, the pretty girl is a decent person who has sympathy for the alienated main character, yet continues to go out with her jock boyfriend. why's she going out with such a complete jerk in the first place? because the plot needs an obstacle. no other reason. but i can't deny that one of my guilty pleasures is watching the evil jocks in these movies go down, since i was an outcast in high school. the movie kept my interest for the most part, but the third act is way too conventional and caused me to roll my eyes as there would be one predictable situation after another. but altogether the film is not at all bad and definitely worth viewing on a rainy day. (7 out of 10)

every movie critic and metal head hated this movie but i enjoyed it. i saw this as a child on tv somewhere and was amazed by the scene where sammi comes on stage and plays trick or treat by fastway.the movie itself was typical 80's, guy gets pushed around by bullies and enlists supernatural help to beat up the bullies but goes to far and has to be destroyed.matt from melrose place picks on skippy from family ties so skippy gets a record of tony fields from gene simmons to comfort him and all hell breaks lose, the highlight being where tony sings (lip-synchs) and dances to a metal song before the shyt hits the fan.there were a lot of errors and stuff but the music and the overall imagery was enough to keep my fists pumping 8 out of 10

trick or treat, quickie review this zany romp of a film revolves around the 80's culture of heavy metal and horror movies--two things which i love dearly. so, as you can imagine, this movie appealed to me pretty easily. plus, for no apparent reason, ozzy osbourne plays a preacher.this film is about an unpopular high school youth who, like all us losers, ended up drenched in a world of "evil" heavy metal. his favorite metaldude dies and, of course, is miraculously resurrected--by playing his latest unreleased album backwards. this allows the corpsified singer to go around killing people with demons and sh*t helping out.okay, it's pretty cheesy at times, but you know what? it's got a surprising number of good qualities. decent acting (including gene simmons as a radio dj), pretty good special effects, very brief nudity, decent atmosphere... all in all, it's actually a decent horror film. but what really sucks is the music. ironic, huh? well, this "uber-evil" metal guy is one of the most obnoxious, high-pitched, wailing, motley crue rejects on the planet--and the "metal" is little more than putrid 80's pop/hair metal. he hits all the cliché's here, from prancing around like a gay fairy, to looking mean, to screaming "rock and roll!!!" in a pitch high enough to make king diamond retch. aside from that atrocious musical representation, it's actually pretty good. 7/10www.residenthazard.com

teenager eddie spends his life being bullied and humiliated due to his obsession with heavy metal music. one day he finds out his hero sammi curr has died, supposedly burned by the establishment which wanted to put a stop to his music. but eddie has his last record, never released, and when he plays it he starts receiving messages telling him how to deal with his tormentors. before long sammi has revealed he intends to return to life at the local halloween party to exact revenge on the town which once mocked him.filled with humour and in-jokes, this is a highly entertaining film. sammi himself is an original horror movie villain, plays on the 'evils of rock music' obsessions of the 80's. well worth watching.

this is a true "80's movie": back then they made maybe 100 times more movies than nowadays, and that makes many of them quite interesting... it was a cultural phenomenon, that don't exist anymore. nowadays maybe the same kind of people that would have made cheap "straight-to-video"-movies in the eighties, are doing cheap porn. porn seems to sell. anyway, this is above the medium trash-movie level: it has good&fascinating story, and it's quite well made i think. in one scene you can even see the microphone swinging on the upper edge of the picture. of course there are also little cameos by ozzy and gene simmons, but they don't very much contribute to the film "success", although they are good in their small roles. the monster,heavy-singer "sammi curr", looks really terrible, especially when he's singing. one of the scariest monsters i've seen in horror flicks. i may have nightmares of him next night. not recommended for intellectual movie lovers.

undoubtedly the best heavy metal horror item made in the manically headbangin' 80's, which admittedly doesn't sound like much considering how utterly abysmal many other entries in this odd little fright film sub-genre like "hard rock zombies," "blood tracks," "terror on tour," and the especially ungodly jon-mikl thor-starring stinker "rock'n'roll nightmare" tended to be. that aside, this one still deserves props for downplaying the excessive splatter and needlessly flashy special f/x razzle-dazzle in favor of focusing on adolescent high school characters who are depicted with greater acuity and plausibility than the norm for a mid-80's teen-targeted scarefest. moreover, the film's pointed sardonic parodying of both ridiculously overblown 80's heavy metal stupidity and the nauseating self-righteousness of the uptight killjoy conservative stiffs who claimed it was the devil's music are very clever and on the money funny (famed greed decade heavy metal god ozzy osbourne has a hilarious bit as a smarmy anti-metal tv evangelist!).marc price (the hopelessly dweeby skippy on "family ties") gives a surprisingly strong and winning performance as eddie "ragman" weinbauer, a geeky, socially awkward and severely persecuted heavy metal aficionado who's constantly picked on by the stuck-up jerk preppie bullies who make up the majority of the student body at lakeridge high school (the cruelty and mean-spiritedness of the high school kids is nailed with painfully credible accuracy). eddie's life takes a turn for the worse when his rock star idol sammi curr (an impressively whacked-out portrayal by tony fields) perishes in a hotel fire. hip local disc jockey nuke (kiss front-man gene simmons in a cool cameo) hooks eddie up with sammi's final, unreleased album, which when played backwards resurrects curr's malevolent spirit back from the dead. sammi encourages eddie to sic him on all the vile scumbags who make poor eddie's life the proverbial living hell, only to have meek eddie prove to be a most reluctant would-be accomplice. it's up to eddie, assisted by token nice girl leslie graham (likeably essayed by the lovely lisa orgolini), to stop sammi before things get too out of hand.ably directed with commendable thoughtfulness and sensitivity by character actor charles martin smith (who also briefly appears as a nerdy school teacher), smartly written by michael s. murphy, joel soisson, and rhet topham, and capably acted by a uniformly up-to-snuff cast, this surefire sleeper even comes complete with a handful of nifty "jump" moments (an outrageous attack in the back of a car by a grotesquely lecherous long-tongued mutant thingie rates as the definite highlight), a rousing "carrie"-style high school dance slaughter sequence, a neatly utilized halloween setting, revenge being correctly shown as a truly ugly business, and a solid central message that you shouldn't make a particular over-hyped person your hero strictly because of the calculated anti-establishment posturing said fellow does to qualify for that special status.

first off, this really is my favorite film ever. i don't need to give anyone a description because every a**hole does that. i am literally obsessed with this practically bloodless, cheesy, lame effects having', boom-stick showing', badly edited, 80's metal horror masterpiece. the director (i heard) had hoped for a hit at the box office so that he could do sequels and have a freddy/jason type of deal for himself. damn, i wish that could've went down like that! the soundtrack's banging'. the acting's good....check this mofo out. and any die-hard fans out there, feel free to email and chat sometime. midgetorgy....i can be found at yahoo.

trick or treat is a fine example of hollywood jumping on the "backwards messages in metal music" bandwagon that tipper gore and her washington wives kick-started in the mid-'80s (other, less successful entries in this mini-genre include the awful black roses and silly the gate). i was a sophomore in high school when trick or treat came out and couldn't wait to see it. it seemed to disappear from video stores by the end of the '80s, but i finally picked up a budget-priced dvd copy a short while ago and it brought back many pleasant metal memories from back in the day. any teenage metal nerd could relate to the trials of eddie "ragman" weinbauer (marc price of "family ties")in this film as he is persecuted by the preppie "beautiful" people in his high school for his heavy metal fashions and musical taste. eddie's favorite rock star is sammi curr (who looks a lot like tommy lee of motley crue), who is killed in a hotel fire early in the movie. eddie is inconsolable till he receives a test pressing of sammi's final, unreleased album from a radio dj (gene simmons of kiss in a brief cameo). eddie soon discovers that this lp, when played backwards, allows him to communicate with the undead spirit of sammi curr himself! soon sammi is giving eddie advice on how to get even with his preppie torturers but when the messages escalate in scariness ("waste'em all... no false metal!") eddie tries to destroy the album, which results in sammi coming back to life via eddie's stereo speakers. sammi rampages to the big dance at eddie's high school and takes the stage to rock the crowd and disintegrate a few unlucky "false metallers" before eddie arrives to save the day and the girl of his dreams. (sigh) no, it's not terribly scary in 2006, it wasn't even scary in 1986, but trick or treat is a movie that will bring a smile to the face of any 1980s metaller and has a kick-ass soundtrack courtesy of the cult band fastway. well worth seeking out if you've ever banged your head or have a taste for b-grade horror movies (or both, like me).

one of my favourite films. it has everything - rocking soundtrack, courtesy of eddie clark, ex motorhead, loads of action, loads of laughs, totally ridiculous plot and the most wonderful '80's stereotypes as characters. eddie, the put-upon nice guy, who just wants to be left alone to be different, leslie (about as wet as they come), nuke (the rock burn-out), eddie's mom (pathetic), roger (the geek) and ozzy as the preacher (surely he exists in america?). then there are the boys (rich, vicious and stupid) and the girls (vacant, vain and stupid). what more could you ask for?well, first of all, there's sammi curr, the rock star, an amalgam of every '80's badass rocker you can think of. what about that rocket firing guitar? then there's the scene where sammi pulls the old lady through the tv screen and smashes her up. and what does roger do? why, hoover her up, just like a good geek would. my favourite scene is where tim hainey gets his long overdue reward from sammi via the wet finger in the plug - magic!if you were into rock in the '80's or just love ridiculous films like i do, then check this one out. it's available on dvd and very cheap so (trick or)treat yourself.

i first saw this film as a teenager. it was at a time when heavy metal ruled the world. trick or treat has every element for a movie that rocks. with a cast that features skippy from family ties, gene simmons of kiss and ozzy osbourne as a preacher, how can you go wrong? backwards evil messages played on vinyl! yes thats right, they use records in this movie. in one scene eddie (skippy) is listening to a message from the evil rockstar on his record player when things begin to get scary. monsters start to come out of his speakers and his stereo becomes possessed. as a teenager i tried playing my records backwards hoping it would happen to mine. almost 20 years later trick or treat is still one of my all time favorite movies.

this is a great movie if viewed in the proper context - it was meant to be a parody of teen-horror-devil-worship movies (and the '80s saw plenty of them)! i saw this movie when it first came out, and instantly liked it. being a big fan of kiss, it was great to see gene in the movie. and anything with ozzy as a metal-hating preacher can't be all bad! also, fastway was already a favorite of mine, so it was great to hear them on the soundtrack.the original vhs (this was pre-dvd) cover for trick or treat featured an illustration of sammi kneeling, playing his guitar in a ring of fire with a "demon" looking on. it was a special order, and the price for the vhs copy at the time (circa 1987) was $90! i really wanted the movie, but not at that ridiculous price. the 'ozzy-gene' cover was only created for the $5 re-release. the company releasing it probably figured gene and ozzy were the only recognizable people in the movie, so they had better put 'em on the cover! same thing with the original "little shop of horrors" - jack nicholson was in it for all of five minutes, but now they have him on the cover as if he were the main star.i have a "trick or treat" web site, and it's surprising how many people believe sammi curr was a real person! fastway helped perpetuate that myth by dedicating their soundtrack album to 'sammi curr'.all-in-all, it was just a good time, rock-n-roll movie. definitely not to be taken too seriously, but just enjoyed!

god i love this movie. if you grew up in the 80's and love heavy metal, this is the movie for you. they really don't get much better than this. the fastway soundtrack is one of the best soundtracks ever. i put on the record when it first came out and spent the next month learning every song on guitar note for note. the plot outline is your standard heavy metal horror movie. kid's favorite singer dies. kid plays record backwards. hero comes back in demonic form and rocks the town. what more could you ask for?if you haven't seen it yet, rush out and buy it. you will not be disappointed. metal rules...

this film is the most cult movie on metal there is. premise: a kid gets a hold of the final recording of his favorite artist sammy curr who recently dies in a hotel fire. he plays it backwards and summons him back from the dead to get revenge in the name of heavy metal on those b**tardly jocks who torment him. any fan of true metal will enjoy this movie, and if you are a metal head being tormented by jocks, play a sammy curr album backwards.........no wait he is fictitious, well get a hold of this movie and watch it with your fist in the air, your head banging, and the volume at 11!

a famous conductor decides after a heart attack to go back to the village where he was born to live a quiet life. there, he comes in dutch with the local church choir, that will change his life.i had no expectations when i saw this movie for the first time yesterday; i like watching foreign movies that are not english, and i've already seen a couple of swedish movies in my life, but this one was the best so far.where to start? in my opinion, this film is a jewel, thanks to many things, of which one is the outstanding acting. michael nyqvist is perfect as the thoughtful, almost shy and devoted conductor daniel daréus. beautiful frida hallgren is enchanting with her pretty smile and her subtle acting. the choir members are all well-developed, interesting characters with their own story each.this movie tells a story, a beautiful story, about music, love, pain, memories, death, about a man who devoted his life to music, and who tries to create a calm existence in the village where he was born, while trying to make peace with the past and with the way his life has been till then. kay pollack shows us that the swedish are outstanding movie creators. go see så som i himmelen, it's a movie that makes you think about life and love, and that's also comforting, in some way.

" så som i himmelen " .. as above so below.. that very special point where divine and human meet. i adore this film ! a gem. yes amazing grace !i was so deeply moved by its very human quality. i laughed and cried through a whole register , indeed several octaves of emotions.mikael nyqvist ís brilliant as daniel , a first rate passionate performance, charismatic and powerful. his inner light and exceptional talent shines through in every scene, every interaction ,in every meeting. i was totally mesmerised, enchanted and caught up the story, which is our collective story, the story of life itself.the film was also so inclusive of many archetypes, messiah, wounded child ,magical child, artist, teacher, priest, abuser, abused, victim, bully, divine fool - all the characters so real and true to life - all awakened great fondness and compassion in me. it is a real treat to see such a thought provoking yet thoroughly enjoyable, entertaining film. oh ..mustn't forget the heavenly choir of angels and breathtakingly beautiful sound. thank you all - this swedish film will surely captivate people world-wide. brilliant !

i went to see this movie twice within a week and can only sum it up in one word (which i normally don't use lightly): wonderful! in my view, the best movie ever made. who deserves oscars and other awards if not this swedish crew who have created cinematic perfection in the last scenes of the film, when everything that is said (and left unsaid) throughout the story is drawn together? just as the character of daniel dareus evokes so many sentiments and long repressed feelings within the people around him, the movie does the same to its viewers: you walk out with your head abuzz and your heart feeling full. great stuff! next time you ask yourself "what is the meaning of life", perhaps think about how you feel after a sumptuous experience like as it is in heaven: happy, content, fulfilled. to say it with virginia woolf's mrs dalloway: "such moments are enough".

i never seem to write a review on imdb unless i am extremely surprised at how good, or how bad, a movie is. this film falls into the first category. every year, i try to see all the nominees for best foreign film at the oscars, even those that i know i won't like. "as it is in heaven" seems to fit the bill. the plot sounds sugary and sentimental and slow....for my tastes, which run more towards original, dark and/or daring foreign cinema (michael haneke, francois ozon, a lot of modern japanese/korean cinema) "as it is in heaven" does not sound particularly interesting....it didn't get released in the usa, so i sat down to watch a vcd i found in singapore, preparing to "cross it off the list". after a dull beginning, "as it is in heaven" becomes that rare film where you really become inspired by what is happening on screen. weak points: the characters in the film are pure "stock" characters- the wounded dreamer, the town bully, the battered wife, the loose woman yearning for love, the repressed minister....thankfully, they're largely a likable bunch, as well as being well-written and well-acted. ingela olsson, as the minister's wife inger, would have been nominated for an oscar had her performance been in english. strong points: the music is beautiful, and the main song, sung by gabriella, is truly dramatic and memorable. and keep an eye out for the feisty 87-year old actress playing olga, who is keeping up with the dancing steps as well as the younger ladies! i won't discuss the ending, but i will say that it makes sense. they're are a lot of emotional things happening in the last hour of the film, and you're not quite sure why they're happening. although nothing is explained in words, it all makes sense as the movies comes to a fitting crescendo. **** out of *****. probably the strongest swedish movie i've ever seen.

as it is in heaven {spoiler warning)this was a great human drama that stimulated my emotions and my imagination. this is a parable revisiting the life and death of christ. daniel is a superior gifted musician ,who is physically and mentally exhausted by his career , and has to give it up. when he joins a church choir as its cantor, he brings about a transformation in the lives of the choristers , just as jesus did to the society in first century palestine. they laugh, they begin to speak openly and truthfully to each other , their faults are exposed,they accept each other, come to love each other, become a vital community.they include the mentally disabled young man (?tore), such is their inclusiveness.the pastor, stig enjoyed authority through imposing a stifling morality on the congregation, and that is gradually rejected by the choristers . when stig dismisses daniel , there is a revolt, and stig is crushed. stig represents the jewish authorities of jesus' day, whose insistence on obedience to the jewish law,provided a stark contrast to the new life by "the golden rule" brought by jesus.in one dramatic scene, someone declares "the church invented sin". all through the film, there is this contrast between moral-ism and vital living (being).true to the christ story, daniel is killed by conny , when he beats him up, leaves him to drown in the river. next scene , we can hardly believe it when daniel's (resurrected!) body is dragged into his room (the tomb) draped in a white linen sheet (the shroud!), by three women (three women kept vigil at the foot of the cross in the gospel).daniel is drawn closely to lena, a warm beautiful young woman who has been betrayed by a man she loved, and who is now promiscuous (jesus developed a close relationship with mary magdalene- lena- who was probably a high class courtesan/prostitute). through lena, daniel learns to love , something he has longed for, and now finds fulfillment .the solo sung by gabriella , composed by daniel, is all about living a full life , in contrast to moral correctness that leads to concern about sin , and what's right and wrong. the final scene shows the choir all singing/humming in harmony , like a mantra, drawing in the large audience, exemplifying the harmony and inter-connectedness that is our true human destiny.

it is a superb swedish film .. it was the first swedish film i've seen .. it is simple & deep .. what a great combination!.michael nyqvist did a great performance as a famous conductor who seeks peace in his hometown.frida hallgren was great as his inspirational girlfriend to help him to carry on & never give up.the fight between the conductor and the hypocrite priest who loses his battle with michael when his wife confronts him and defends michael's noble cause to help his hometown people finding their own peace in music.the only thing that i didn't like was the ending .. it wasn't that good but it has some deep meaning.

yesterday i watched this movie for the third time. it was recommended to me by a fried several weeks ago. i never watched or even noticed it before, because it falls (so typically) in the category "swedish movie" and those who rose up (like me) with hollywood productions tend to be sceptical of any foreign movies. hell what a paradigm shift! the film touches me, because it just keeps up my hope, that mankind can change to a better way. the swedish village is just a pattern for all areas on earth where people live together - controlled by religion, misunderstandings, lack of courage, predictions, disguised brutality, but also the ability to have fun, to meet, to sing... it takes a trigger from outside to rip off the masks of everyone (who keeps one) and to let them feel that we all are just human beings with the desire to live our own lives. i can never stop to see stories like this, because, that keeps up my hope as described above. the five minutes containing the story of gabriella's song including her performance is one of my movie-highlights ever! thank you kay pollak just for these 5 minutes, which made me happy!

the line, of course, is from the lord's prayer - "thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven". sweden, especially its far north, is not my idea of heaven -30 degree c winter temperatures are a little on the low side for me, but the good folk who live there no doubt think they are in god's own country.the storyline here is a familiar one. acclaimed international musician daniel suffers health breakdown in mid-career, goes back to the little village in northern sweden where he was born. persuaded by the local pastor to help out with the church choir, he turns some unlikely talent into a class act, and they enter a contest held in innsbruck austria. there are echoes (sorry) of the band players of "brassed off" the models of "calendar girls" and the dancers of "the full monty". but of course he causes plenty of emotional upheaval as some of the more downtrodden villagers realise their worth and revolt against their oppressors. he faces hostile husbands and an increasingly dubious pastor, but nothing except death is going to stop him.despite the somewhat corny story, we get to know and like many of the characters, who come across as people rather than caricatures despite many of them being recognisable "types'. i did wonder about the wife-beater being unpunished for so long  sweden is one country in the world where such violence is pretty strongly discouraged (he was also a bit young to be one of the bullies of daniel's youth) and the puritanical pastor with a secret passion for girlie magazines was a bit of a stereotype, but marvellously realised by niklas falk.michael nyqvist is simply wonderful as daniel, the frail but driven musician, and there's some nice music as well. i was rapt for the whole two hours. the ending is what you make of it, i guess, but it's not spoiling it to say daniel achieves what he set out to do.

beyond the excellent direction,production,acting & the predictable drama lies an essential message in the script:"listening leads all the way" in order for the voice to flourish,listen.to harmonise with other in voice,listen. in order to approach yourself,listen.to discover the needs of any situation or others,listen. it appears that the script writers are conveying a "life's secret".listening leads to an awareness of one's self. it awakens the other senses, especially vision & expands the horizon.one's soul too can be discovered. the artistry of this movie "as it is in heaven" magnificently displayed the unfolding of life,not only its joy & sadness,but ultimately the hope of life. all this by the leading character's first instruction to the choir;"just listen,it leads all the way"

"så som in himmelen" was probably one of the 3 most beautiful films i have seen in my life. that it did not win the oscar, i will not shed a tear. this movie is in a kind of class of its own, that an oscar win would possibly have detracted from it!!! my dearest friend anders (nyberg), you have done true magnificence with your pen here! kay pollak, with your creation, and everyone contributing, you all have given a gift of love to our world. between the points of entering this world of ours, then exiting it - you really can say that you made it better! a special personal thank you from my soul to all of you, that you brought back some precious memories from the second decade of my life. i grew up in sweden, and my young mind and present beingness was formed and shaped by many beautiful swedish influences, individuals, traditions, music and nature. my blessings with gratitude to you all. with love and light, george-gabriel berkovits soulhealer, johannesburg, south africa

a famous orchestra conductor, daniel dareus, suffers what appears a heart attack as he finished conducting a concert. suddenly, we watch him as he arrives in the small town that he has left years before. since he left so young, and having his name changed contributes to give him a new persona. he has bought the old school building where he plans to stay. the building needs a lot of work. one would expect a man in his position to have all the comforts of the world he left behind to be installed in his new abode, but no, daniel puts up with the harsh winter in his own way.the local pastor, stig, whose church has a small choir, comes calling to see if he can interest daniel in helping, but the conductor has no desire to go back to music. daniel begins to explore his new universe. the town's people leave him alone. he makes an impression on lena, who works in the local store where he goes to get his food supplies. little by little, he comes around and decides to involve himself with the choir. lena will ultimately fall in love with daniel.at first, the relationship between daniel and the choir members is not exactly what he expected. as they get to know him better, they come around to accept him and make him one of them. his new position doesn't endear him to the woman who used to be in charge. the members of the choir are a motley crew, but they realize the change daniel has made in the way they interpret different songs. the new piece composed for gabriella, a battered wife, makes a great impact in her life and that of her fellow singers.daniel's ideas for the repertoire clash with stig's own. the vicar suddenly begins seeing daniel in a new light; he is a tormented man who likes to read pornographic magazines before making love to his wife, siv. his ideas clash with the dogma, as siv points to him. stig decides to try to put a stop to what he considers an unhealthy influence of daniel by firing him as the head of the choir.the choir, which has been invited to participate in a competition travels to austria. daniel, who by now has fallen totally for lena, has a chance to show for the first time in his life his feelings for her when she starts to gets doubts about their relationship. daniel who is late for his own concert, gets to hear them making extraordinary music even though he is not in among them.kay pollak, the director of this enormously appealing film, shows he was the man to direct it. the story involves the viewer from the start. great part of the success of the movie goes to the ensemble cast that was put together. william nykvist, who plays the leading role is the best excuse for watching the film. frida hallgren, niklas falk, ylva loof, do excellent work for mr. pollak.stefan nilsson is the composer for most of the beautiful music one hears. harald gunnar paalgard's cinematography makes the film look better capturing different seasons for the viewer in their beauty.

kay pollack (the man behind this movie) is a real great man who tries to share his life philosophy in different ways. he has written a bunch of good and well written books about how to control your senses and keep your soul happy. the message in most of his books and this movie, is about that your thoughts in fact is what causes your problems and that the reason of your anger hardly ever is caused of what you think of. the main message is that you can choose to be happy, but hardly ever do that.to watch this movie and learn something very important on life, you have to keep your mind very open and l i s t e n to all the "hidden messages" (or guidelines to get through life) which most of the parts in this movie contains if you listen and watch. watch it with your ears.you won't learn the meaning of life, but you'll learn how to live and get the most out of it...so, while watching, please keep in mind:"the mind is like a parachute, it doesn't work unless it's open!"

i was taken to this film by a friend and was sceptical about a swedish film with subtitles. however, i thoroughly enjoyed every minute of this beautiful film. the unnecessary cruelty that man is capable of was portrayed confidently without overwhelming images - although animal lovers may have to shield their eyes for a brief couple of seconds somewhere during the first 10 minutes. a traditional story of humility versus brutality and hope versus tragedy was illustrated from a satisfyingly fresh angle using a spectrum of characters with very natural flaws and features. i particularly liked how the film managed to address multiple aspects of hypocritical human behaviour that concern bias, discrimination and sanctimonious pretence. an absolute gem of a film that i will promote to all who will listen.

this is absolutely one of the best movies i've ever seen. it takes me on a a roller-coaster of emotions. i laugh and cry and get disgusted and happy and in love! all this in a little over two hours of time! the actors are all brilliant! i have to mention the leading actor of course, michael nyquist. he does a remarkable job!! i also admire the actor who plays tore, who plays this mentally-challenged young man in such a convincing way! he sort of reminded me of leonardo di caprios roll in gilbert grape! and then there is the most beautiful song in the world: gabriella's sång.i recommend this for everyone to see and enjoy!

firstly, i really enjoyed this movie and its message, which is about daring to live life to the fullest. very poetic, with heartwarming and funny and sad scenes, very lively, it was a pleasure to watch. here are my "exceptions" though: the movie was way too long and at some point, it kept adding more and more additional conflicts so that it started to lose the main story line. i disagree though with another comment that its unrealistic to have so many people with "strange" problems in such a small village. i think this was absolutely realistic! there are incredible dramas going on everywhere, we just don't know this about people we meet only superficially. i disliked the ending, which was so loaded with symbolism and extremely forced. it left a bad taste as it was just too much. i did not like it that so many big issues were dramatically mentioned in the group (when some accused others in front of everyone else of major things, people would just be more "ashamed" to voice everything so personal in front of everybody, even if those people are a group one is closely working with). and: defending oneself is a human-beings strongest instinct. so why on earth would daniel let himself be beaten and never fight back, not even to defend himself? i mean he was not weak, he could at least try to defend himself when attacked but it just drove me mad to see him do nothing. it was as if the storyteller tried to forcefully bring across a message like "violence is not needed", but the way he chose to do this was not good. i am also against violence but the character loses credibility when he stays unmoved despite all the attacks. and: gabriella...why on earth would a woman, who has spent years with a man beating her up, go to that man when he gets arrested and say "i do not wish you any harm. you have just done your best, like all of us". oh really, this spoiled so much! was she going to be a saint or what? it would be normal for her to be bitter but not so almost "holy" and therefore not human. was her work with daniel and the music so great that it made her forget all of the s**t that happened to her? oh, please. so, these were the spoiling moments. nevertheless, i still think this is a delightful movie all in all, which is amazing enough, given my discomfort with quite a few things. watch it!! ;-)"

the famous international conductor daniel daréus (michael nyqvist) has a heart attack with his stressed busy professional life and interrupts his successful career with an early retirement. he decides to return to his hometown in the north of sweden, from where his mother left when he was a seven year-old sensitive boy bullied by conny and other school mates, to live a low-paced life. he buys an old school and is invited to participate in the church choir by the local shepherd stig (niklas falk), but the reluctant and shy daniel refuses in the principle. however, he gets involved with the community and feels attracted by lena (frida hallgren), a local woman with a past with the local doctor. his music opens the hearts of the members of the choir, affecting their daily life: the slow tore (andré sjöberg) has the chance to participate in the choir; inger (ingela olsson), the wife of stig, releases her repressed sexuality; gabriella (helen sjöholm) takes an attitude against her abusive and violent husband; the gossiper and frustrated siv (ilva lööf) opens her heart against lena; the fat holmfrid (mikael rahm) cries enough against the jokes of the businessman arne (lennart jähkel); even daniel starts loving people and lena as the love of his life. when they are invited to participate in an important contest in vienna, daniel finds his music opening the heart of people making his dream come true."så som i himmelen" is a touching and sensitive movie, with a very beautiful story. it is impressive how director kay pollak and the screenplay writers have been able to develop a great number of characters in 132 minutes running time. the performances are top-notch, supported by magnificent music score and at least two awesome moments: when gabrielle sings her song in the concert, and certainly the last concert in vienna with the audience, jury and everybody participating in the melody, and daniel making his dream come true. like in "teorema", the stranger changes the lives, not of only a family, but of a conservative community. further, like many european movies, the open conclusion indicates that daniel actually died, at least in my interpretation, reaching peace with the success of his music. my eyes became wet in these two scenes. my vote is nine.title (brazil): "a vida no paraíso" ("the life in the paradise")

the arrival of an world famous conductor sets of unexpected events and feelings in the small village. some people are threatened by the way he handles the church choir, and how people in it gradually change. this movie is heartwarming and makes you leave the cinema with both a smile on your lips and tears in your eyes. it'a about bringing out the best in people and kay pollak has written an excellent script based on the ideas he has become so famous for. the actors are outstanding, michael nyqvist we know before but frida hallgren was an new, and charming acquaintances to me. she has a most vivid face that leaves no one untouched. per moberg does his part as gabriella's husband almost too well, he is awful too see. one only wish the at he would be casted to play a nice guy one day so we can see if he masters that character as well.this is a movie that will not leave you untouched. if you haven't already seen it, do it today!

i saw this film back at the 2005 palm springs international film festival and of the 14 films i saw there i would rank this as my #3 film. i had an initial interest in seeing this being of swedish descent myself with many of my ancestors coming from the norrland region of sweden where this was filmed. also i grew up in an area of rural north woods america where many small towns were much like the setting of this film. it's nice to see more films using rural locations as their settings like så som i himmelen. this was a very good film and i'm sure a very hard film to pull together with it's large ensemble cast but director kay pollock really pulled this off after a nearly two decade absence from directing. helen sjoholm in her motion picture debut as an actress was fantastic and i would look forward to more of her on the big screen. i enjoyed michael nyqvist in the lead of this well-rounded cast. i would highly recommend this film and rate it a 9.0 on a scale of 10.

i was drawn to this movie the moment i saw a preview of it on oscar night. when i read about kay pollak, i was hooked. we americans are suckers for a comeback kid.i understand this movie was a huge draw in sweden. as a very provincial american i can only speculate on the reason. perhaps it is because of the provocative joke that the lena character makes at the beginning of the movie and other social comment but perhaps it is because of the central message which i believe has the same appeal everywhere in affluent societies.the message of this movie for me is the same as the movie titanic. life is short people and as far as anyone really knows it's all we've got. it can be taken away at any time. so isn't it a pity that we spend so much time hiding behind walls separating us from other people because we're so afraid of being hurt? tearing down the walls is painful but feeling alive lies on the other side of those wretched walls. feeling alive is worth taking the risk. give and you will receive. so start living now.many people are criticizing this movie for it's lack of characterization and other flaws. i say you are all pseudo-sophisticated. get a grip folks, it's a parable, a fable for we affluent westerners who are materially rich but whose souls are in abject poverty.so join a choir or a band or help build housing or distribute food for those less fortunate than you. spread some joy and make the world a better place as long as you get out and commune with your fellow man. writing a check is not enough. we are a social species by the way. even the humblest of your fellow human beings can affect you in ways you never thought possible.rugged individualism has its place but it is over-rated.

my expectations were quite high for this film. everyone i know who saw this film at the cinema told me that everyone there stayed through the credits because they were so touched. my expectations could not have been any higher, anything short of wonderful would have disappointed me.i was anything but disappointed by this movie. i loved how it dealt with difficult subjects without going through the usual steps a hollywood film tends to include. in this film characters worked through problems they had had for decades, they worked through prejudicm, they learned to open up. but it did not come easily, and not just by singing a song or two. it was painful, it took arguments, it took confrontations. it felt like real life.one scene that really stuck out to me was the scene in which gabriella sings her song. helen sjöholm is one of my favorite singers, her voice is lovely, and you could tell that she was not just lip-syncing to a previous recording during filming (which i often find in other movies), she really sang with her whole body and soul. you could feel what gabriella was feeling in that scene. had this movie been made in hollywood her song would most likely have been sung toward the end, and it would have made her husband open his eyes and see the error of his ways, as well as making the other people in the village realise a thing or two. instead it came halfway through, and it did not bring any solutions. her husband did not become overwhelmed and realise what he's putting her through, and it didn't seem to make anyone else in the village more open minded. it was beautiful, it was pure and it was touching but it did not magically solve all her problems. that felt real to me, that's probably what would have happened in real life. the whole movie felt like real life to me, nothing neatly wrapped up but everything with a sense of joy and happiness. you rarely find a movie which feels so realistic.there were a few things that bothered me, but hey, no movie is perfect. if you haven't already you should go see "as it is in heaven" and be filled with a joy for life, a sense of hope and the feeling that you've been touched on a level movies rarely reach. you will be sad, pained, happy and a dozen other emotions.someone once said that if every person in the world sang in a choir there would be no more wars. having seen this film i might have to agree.

kay pollak's 2004 heart-warmer så som i himmelen/ as it is in heaven contains every stereotype of swedish humanity and inhumanity yet manages to be a crowd-pleaser. it contains plenty of ammunition for cynical critics, continuity error-spotters and for saccharine-debunkers, yet manages to depict the colours of life in a small community evocatively. the film also runs the gamut of proverbial messages about 'finding one's own voice' and 'just doing it despite one's fear', without completely removing the lump from the throats of the cynics.its success as a crowd pleaser comes from two facts. firstly, small films about strangers bringing new life to rural christian communities provide plenty of scope for the exposure of hypocrisy while at the same time allowing repressed characters to break out of their hairshirts. the same year and with a similarly swedish breeze, the queen of sheba's pearls did it, and babette's feast also comes to mind. secondly, any film about small communities taking on the whole wide world will strike a human chord in our increasingly individual/self- focused and impersonalized world. this film's structural similarity with the likes of the full monty, brassed off, calendar girls and on a clear day shows its indebtedness to the formula. but it is a formula with life left in it yet, and this seems to be because people need positive- message films that evoke a sense of community almost in spite of themselves.the stranger is burned-out maestro daniel daréus on a quest for self-rediscovery. the town he visits, or rather revisits, is, unbeknownst to the townsfolk, the place of his childhood. he was bullied mercilessly by classmates here, supposedly because he was a sensitive musician without aspiration to drive a truck. here, he takes the job of cantor/choirmaster, despite the usual suspicions of artists and outsiders. the place is, of course, populated by a wide range of recognizable types whose character arcs can be predicted: the broken-hearted, fair-haired girl so beautiful she nearly glows; the cellphone-ringing local businessman; the woman whose beauty is lost amidst domestic abuse; the steely pastor and his less austere wife, who at first seem right out of ingmar bergman. also present: jealous, uptight spinster (siv) (check); geriatric whose soul still sings (check); elderly couple who may have repressed desires for each other since kindergarten (check); obese person whose function is to point out we should not laugh and say 'fatty' (check); intellectually handicapped boy who proves able to sing a good 'a' (check).pollak's film is not all warm fuzzies, however. it diverts from the 'let's put on a show despite setbacks and moral opposition' sub-genre. it contains violence and an ending that might well be a metaphor for dying after achieving creative nirvana. the violence of the film is mostly a function of male anger and repression, but in never delves deeply into why the school bully who grows up into a wife beater is like this. similarly, the small town pastor so closely adheres to the moralistic, black-wearing super-protestant stereotype, that his secret indulgence in girlie magazines is hardly surprising. his repressions and hypocrisies are just there, dangling unrelated to psychological reality. perhaps the unexplained photograph of a young boy, a lost son perhaps, glimpsed once over his shoulder, holds the secret.perhaps these holes are functions of the editing, like several inconsistencies and continuity glitches that can be spotted, such as siv's unexplained reappearance in the choir (twice) after moralistic outbursts. in fact none of the hitches in the film last very long and all seem resolved within a scene. apart from in some awkward love scenes, the film's 127 minutes seldom drag, but there is a feeling that things may have been left on the cutting room floor.the film remains solid three-star-fare despite the holes that can be picked in it. this is simply because in a world of technology-focused flicks and materialistic self-seeking, any glimpse of human community is, deep down, welcome for anyone, even the cynical.

a beautiful film, touching profoundly up the simple, yet divine aspects of humanity. this movie was almost perfect, and seeing as nothing in this world can be truly perfect, that is pretty good. the only minor thing i subjectively object to, is the pacing at some points in the middle of the story. the acting is also very good, and all the actors easily top actors in high-profile films. the actual directing seems to have been well thought through, and the script must have been amazing. there are some truly breathtaking moments of foreshadowing, and a quite gorgeous continuing circular composition of the story.the moment in the movie, when the main character achieves that feeling of being in heaven is the perfect ending to a truly brilliant yarn.

back to the roots with "like it is in heaven" - what are the real values of life? these swedes carve out a message that appeals to every heart. we've seen it twice now in a cinema packed to the last seat: love pure and joy within the music of a choir that's simple, yet full of power once everyone finds his or her inner tone. from the glitter of fame to the school of of his youth, now empty and ready to be adapted as his new home after collapsing on stage, daniel wants to start listening and is drawn into the lives of the simple, warm and rough people of the north.he wins the hearts with music and gains the capacity to love and be loved unconditionally.don't go see it if you've been normed to hollywood. this stuff contains no extras, just your laughter, your compassion, your tears!

if the screenwriter and director intended to open hearts with the movie as the musician wanted to do with his music, they succeeded with me. commonplace human situations became original, personal and immediate so that i personally felt touched by each situation. i believe i would credit the power of music combined with the point of view of the person writing the movie. without spoiling, i can say that i was very moved by the movie's approach to living. haven't actually cried out of-what- joy? empathy? just deep emotion? in a very long time. i would love to find a way to show it to others. saw it at seattle international film festival.

first i was caught totally off guard by the film's initial lyricism and then i became totally enchanted with the unfolding story and engrossed with the brilliant directing. the characters were all fully developed, not bigger-than-life but just like the people we live among anywhere we are in the world, in sweden, in turkey or in america, all completely believable human beings with foibles and nobility. hollywood could learn so much from this beautiful film. it shows that there is no need to go into every little detail behind every action to bring out the whole theme clear and bright, and that shows the brilliance of the director! hearfelt thanks to kay pollak and the wonderful cast for this superb treat!!

i am not going to spoil the contents to anyone, who has not yet watched this humble masterpiece by kay pollak.a world famous conductor brilliantly played by michael nyqvist seeks peace from stress by moving back to his childhood village. the villagers, who has followed the genius in silence, are slowly tempting him to share of his greatness.each role in this movie, has a very specific purpose and shows a remarkable potential in each of the actors playing their own chord in short but precise words, a symphony of love.not love in the sense of relationship, but in the tone of the spirit deeply buried within each of the characters, each revealing their own present story, their needs, their skeletons, desires and much more.i shall not forget to mention, the two main parts played by frida hallgren and michael nyqvist, whose dramas are played in unforgettable harmonies of emotional feedback. they touch each other with a pain connected in their own disability to love themselves.michael nyqvist is really put to the test here in a very difficult setup, in one of those movies that either end up as catastrophic or fantastic. and fantastic it became from start to end, not one second less or more than enough, you are left with a feeling of change and a taste for more.to this day, definitely one of the best movies i have had the pleasure of watching.

this is one of those movies that you keep thinking about when you wake up the next morning. it will give you that warm, fuzzy feeling and leave you with a smile on your face.sure, we get fed the typical stereotype characters and stories, but it does do the trick: entertain.being from sweden and living in the us for quite sometime, it is funny how we react. "the deadbeat husband is going to kill him", "she (gabriella) is going to die and then there will be a heartbreaking larger-than-life ending". we know how these things work, everything comes together at the end. and it did. the characters were somewhat simple, they were so elaborate that you didn't really think twice about it, nothing was really left for your own imagination. the closest would probably be siv, she makes you ask yourself if she indeed was in love with daniel, but that's about it.but the movie is beautiful, set in rural norrland, the music is absolutely amazing and the characters are lovable. michael nyqvist is truly genius, with his crazy unique look and frida hallberg is charming and approachable. maybe a little too nice.but most of all this movie makes you feel, and that is the most important thing. you cry, you laugh, you hate and you identify. i don't know about you guys, but that does not happen that often.

wow i loved this movie! it is about normal life in a small village. about hypocrisy and honesty, love and surrender. great! it is about things everybody encounters in life. you have to do things with passion. but some people will not appreciate your passion and will try to stop you. there are people who find the opinion of others and 'what will the neighbors think' more important than to follow their heart. don't let anybody's opinion stop you from fulfilling your dreams and passion. i loved the fact that the actors were all really normal people, it could have been my family. no big beauties, but all people you fall in love with during the movie.

this film, recently voted as an audience favorite at the 2005 palm springs international film festival, is inspiring and moving. a famous conductor, forced to retire by illness, returns to the small village of his birth to become the leader of the church choir, and finally find fulfillment in his music. drawing on sweedish traits of keeping things within oneself and of the insular character of a small swedish village, this film develops each of its characters well. superbly directed, acted and sung, it brought tears to many eyes, and smiles to all. hopefully it will find distribution in the united states.if you can, see it!

i really loved this movie and so did the audience that i saw it with in los angeles. after the film, lots of people were crying and saying how much the film had affected them. i can see why it was such a huge hit in its homeland, sweden. the film is masterfully directed and each character brilliantly drawn so that by the end you really know these people and care about them. the music is very natural and the main song in the film quite heartbreaking but inspiring. would definitely recommend this film for everyone to see - even people who don't normally go to subtitled films. definitely deserved the oscar nomination because of the profound themes of the film reflected without pretension in a small-town community with everyday people. it is a film that unites us in this divided world and shows us the potential of the human spirit. a must see!

i saw his movie in dallas, texas when it came out in 1986. i remember them giving out prizes for showing up to see the movie. after seeing the movie i can see why. the movie was not bad, nor was it great. the problem with this movie was that it tried to tell a side story. they created a new story, new characters and tried to wrap it around the masters saga. my biggest complaint is that the plot is about a second wave of robotech masters attacking the earth. they even used the same scenes from the master saga but with different dialogue. as a kid, i loved the movie. but unfortunately i haven't seen it as an adult and can't give a better review. looking back i was disappointed but now i would love to see the movie and re-evaluate my stance on it. that being said, will someone please release this movie for the whole world to judge? i love robotech and can't wait for the shadows chronicles.

contrary to popular belief, this title , to me at least, is not so very bad. in fact. i regard it as a favoured film of all time. the welding of stories wasn't structured too well when you consider the differences between the series, however despite all this, you can watch it quite happily. for a feature film of its day, the scenes are well proportioned and the characters remain consistently believable.the sound/audio track is a personal favourite of mine. nearly everything has a correct sound effect and many of the voices suit the characters much better than their, now badly cast us dub, counterparts. the sync is perfect in every shot. i had a few issues with the casting for the 'alien' voices (please forgive the crude naming, it has been a while since i've seen it). otherwise however, the cast seemed perfectly balanced. i feel and believe in the characters of this movie. dubs are often a subject i rarely agree with from so long ago. i loved the osd's from back then but the castings often let series down.at this point i would like to add that this was one of the first anime i saw in my life. it has historical value to me, but even after seeing the original megazone 23 it remained stronger and more watched in my collection.to my knowledge the title only ever made it to the us in texas. personally i think its a big shame. had the correct audience been subject to it, i think robotech the movie would have been accepted and not tarnished over the years. i am involved with anime each day of my life and everyone i have shown this movie thought it was a nicely put together title.watching the film after its separate components will allow the viewer to notice the evident plot holes between shows. however, without seeing the originals, a viewer wouldn't really notice. since the animation is identical in style, there was no reason to question it back in its day. the uk had very limited access to anime. laser discs were the most productive media. personally i like the way carl had the balls to at least push the genre. i mean harmony wasn't going to put up the cash for the series to get publicised.despite the few picky faults people have had with this film, the eighties feel of it keeps me in love. if you watch megazone 23 now, to its original japanese audio, or the new dub, i believe you will be greatly disappointed with the osd. cast your minds back to the original bubblegum crisis dub soundtrack and imagine new eighties audio to e.v.e.saying all this. this film's popularity nowadays is most likely down to its rarity on the open market. personally, it spawned a collection for me. i'm now scouring the world for merchandise from the three components that made it up and if i ever get to meet carl macek, ill shake his hand for the effort, and buy him a pint or a crate for getting me into anime.

"rock 'n' roll high school" will probably have to go down in history as the ultimate rebellious party flick. portraying a bunch of high school students using the ramones' music as inspiration to rise up against their despotic principal (mary woronov, of "eating raoul" fame), the whole movie is a mile a minute. it's basically a big excuse to have fun, and i'm sure that you will. bullied freshmen? check. a dorky music teacher (paul bartel, also from "eating raoul"*)? check. exploding mice? checkmate.anyway, this is the sort of stuff that makes life worth living. even for someone like me who doesn't know the ramones' music, it's pure pleasure. with roger corman executive producing and joe dante co-directing, how could we expect anything less? too bad that director allan arkush later degenerated into fare such as "caddyshack ii".also starring p.j. soles, vincent van patten, clint howard, dey young, dick miller (who has appeared in every one of joe dante's movies, and many of roger corman's), don steele, and of course the ramones. a real treat.*it seems like bartel and woronov always co-starred. they also co-starred in joe dante's "hollywood boulevard" and the slasher flick "chopping mall" (also starring dick miller)...in which they reprised their roles from "eating raoul".

i simply love this movie. i also love the ramones, so i am sorta biased to begin with in the first place. there isn't a lot of critical praise to give this film, either you like it or you don't. i think it's a great cult movie.

this movie is awesome. sort of. it dosent really say much, or do much, but it is an awesome movie to watch because of how stupid it is. the high school is taken over by evil ms.togar that hates the one thing that all the students love, rock& roll. riff randle get everyone tickets for the ramones show, and this movie peaks with a take over of the school led my riff randle & the ramones. this movie has everything, a bad script, questionable directing, bad actors(ie clint howard & p.j. soles), an awesome soundtrack,extreme campyness, these elements & much more come together to make this what it is,a classic.note - during the live ramones set, notice that darby crash of the germs is in the front of the crowd. neat-o.

even if you're not a big ramones fan, rock 'n' roll high school is *still* the greatest rock 'n' roll movie ever made. why? because under all the campiness, it treats with respect the contempt and loathing teens often feel (and justifiably so) for the boring, stupid, fascist, establishment world of adults. that final scene is one of the most glorious and uplifting final scenes to a movie i have ever seen. "mine eyes have seen the glory of the..." rock 'n' roll!

all the folks who sit here and say that this movie's weak link is the ramones would probably say that amadeus was ok if not for that irritating harpsichordist. rock and roll high school was centered around the ramones. how anyone can watch this and not get a kick out of joey ramone eating bean sprouts backstage in an attempt to keep him in performing condition is obviously a wet blanket square daddy-o. ms trogar, exploding white mice, the hall patrols...instant classics. nevermind the riff randell character.if you don't like the ramones then you don't know rock and roll and you don't deserve to watch a movie called rock and roll high school.

hello. this movie is.......well.......okay. just kidding! its awesome! it's not a block buster smash hit. it's not meant to be. but its a big hit in my world. and my sisters. we are rockin' rollers. go ramones!!!! this is a great movie.............. for me!

huge ramones fan. i do like the ramones, and i suppose if you hate them, then, besides being a avid bush supporter, you might not like this classic.it's immensely better than the sappy john hughes teen films and the like that littered the 80's. infinitely better than the american pie's that plague us now.there are some other great high school films: switchblade sisters, fast times..., class of '84, three o'clock high, and the cheesy yet gripping(doesn't seem possible) river's edge. but rnrhs will always be my favorite because it's the funniest and most fun, plus you can get up and dance with it.i love you, riff randell.10/10

rock 'n' roll high school was one of the best movies ever made! i think the only reason it was so awesome was because of the ramones! you couldn't have made the same movie and put something like the sex pistols, or the clash in place of the ramones, it just wouldn't have been the same. dey young, clint howard, vincent van patten, mary woronov, paul bartel, and the hall monters, just added to the movie. the whole entire movie is about the ramones...especially joey! so everybody showed see rock 'n' roll high school if your a huge fan of real punk. not the sissy new crap...but the loud, and fast kind. the kind only the ramones could do. r.i.p (rest in peace) joey ramone 1951-2001. dee dee ramone 1952-2002!

though this movie is cheesiness at its best, it is pulled off perfectly. this movie, without a doubt, has to be considered a modern classic. there are basically two kinds of movies i like - movies with depth (chick flicks, if you must - i blame my wife for this) and mindless comedies where i can sit back and relax. this movie is a perfect example of the latter.a friend of mine turned me on to this movie shortly after its release. considering me to somewhat shallow, he said to me, "you've got to see this movie. it's just your type of movie." foregoing the insult, i started watching. i know they mentioned the ramones a million times, but when you actually see them, i said, "hey, it is the ramones." my friend replied, "i don't know they were a real band." i had my moment of glory.this movie, though now somewhat dated, is a must see for ramones fans - or anyone else for that matter.

just imagine what school would have been like in a world like this: the kids are one big gang who have really good taste in music and unite against bad headmasters and teachers. "rock 'n' roll high school" is taking place in that world. it's like a ramones record coming to life. the characters are all as silly, innocent and charming as the ramones' songs, and the music itself is, of course, fantastic. high school comedies have really changed over the years, if you compare a movie like "american pie" with this late 70's classic, where no tasteless sex jokes are made at all. since a remake is apparently in the works, it can probably be expected that the charm of the original will get lost along the way and will get replaced by vulgar, half-funny dick jokes, as bill hicks used to call them. however, the main problem will be that the ramones cannot be replaced. they were the perfect band for this movie and no one else could even come close to taking their place. so, the best thing to do would be to leave the original alone, as quirky and charming as it is. gabba-gabba hey!

rock n roll high school holds a special place in my heart because it introduced me to the ramones. i was too young during the band's mid-70s heyday to be very aware of them, although i had an older cousin who was a big fan at the time. i finally saw rnrhs on television one afternoon in the mid-80s when i was about fifteen years old, and laughed all the way through it. (isn't it every high school kid's dream to trash his school and blow it up, all set to a rockin' soundtrack?) i recorded a subsequent airing of the film a year or two later and kept watching the ramones concert sequences over and over again, thinking "man, these guys kick ass! i have to check out some of their albums!" the rest is history. twenty years, umpteen ramones lps/cassettes/cds, and three ramones shows later, they're still one of my all time favorite bands and rnrhs still cracks me up every time i watch it. now that joey, dee dee and johnny have left us (r.i.p. all)at least we have this movie and tons of great music to remember them by.

one of b- and c-movie producer roger corman's greatest cult classics was the ramones vehicle (originally designated for cheap trick), rock n' roll high school. it's just a simple, technically dated story (but would serve up extra doses of nostalgia humor considering these were the kind of things that made napoleon dynamite characters funny--see eaglebauer's van) about teenagers who love rock n' roll.students at vince lombardi high school are met with resistance by the evil principal, miss evelyn togar (played by cult classic favorite, mary woronov) who fears that rock n' roll turns kids into uncontrollable, amoral deviants and vows to make a rock n' roll-free zone. actually, she intends to wipe out rock n' roll for all students, regardless of whether its at school, and she has the cooperation of most of the adults who might make the plan successful.but not if riff randell (pj soles) can help it. a ramones fanatic, she has written some songs (including rock n' roll high school) that she wants to give to the ramones, and in trying to do so, is rebuffed by miss togar who does all she can to keep her from going to see the ramones play in town. it culminates into an ultimate revolt between the obsolete fun-hating adults and the teenagers (in an ending that is reminiscent of over the edge, somewhat). after the years of punk, when the fame of garage rockers, the ramones (and others) would mark another shift in music evolution, it was great to see a movie that celebrated the fun of it all and in such a humorous, exaggerated way.it is mostly mild comedy, but a great feel-good comedy nonetheless when you're in the mood for something more laid back to entertain you. with jerry zucker (of airplane fame) and joe dante (of gremlins fame) both taking part in some of the directing, you can get the idea for what kind of humor you're in for (and not to mention, expect to see dick miller even if only for a few minutes in the film's finale). the story must've later inspired (and was consequently updated) by the mid-90s comedy, detroit rock city, which some minor character changes in the vehicle for aged glam rockers, kizz.i would recommend passing on the corey feldman vehicle, rock n' roll high school forever, released nearly a decade later. the original is still the best.

riff randell is a wildly, obsessed fan of the rock group; the ramones and so are most of the students in the school. but a new tyrant of a principal, ms. togar thinks rock 'n' roll is a bad influence on the students, especially the music from the ramones. so, when riff finds out they're performing in town, she skips class for a couple of days to get tickets for herself and her friends. but when ms. togar discovers why she really took those days off she confiscates the tickets. while, this is happening tom roberts is totally love struck over riff, but riff's friend kate rambeau feels the same way about tom. but riff has her eyes set only on the lead singer joe ramone and hopefully in getting to that concert to get them to play her song.fun! fun! fun! yep, that's right 'rock n roll high school' doesn't drift away from it main focus a boisterously, daggy romp! it wasn't what i was expecting, that's for sure. everyone participating in this dandy project looks like they're having a great time and the relaxing nature of it shows on screen with the energy providing such a glowing spirit, which makes it a priceless experience. that's not to say i think its art and the plot is as pointless as can be. but watching this passionately, crazy ride that escalates into some good harmless high jinks, i just couldn't wipe the grin off my face. it's tacky, very cheesy, densely chaotic, but damn it's funky-dory! this low-budget, b-grade feature from producer roger corman and john dante who was co-writer ( and plus he co-directed some scenes when director allan arkush was hospitalised on the last day shoot). is basically a glorious homage on the rocking 1950s flicks by sticking with the fruitful clichés and throwing into the stew the teenage rebellion tag because of the generation gap between them and the adults (who always know best). these features might not be particularly fresh, but they do rack up some appeal because of the dynamically, gusto treatment. the film has just one thing on mind, to go out on a bang! and they manage to do that. courtesy of 'the ramones', who play themselves. really, you could say its one big trendy video clip, since it's all about the ramones well, most of it anyway. i see a lot flack towards the ramones' acting ability. these are musicians not actors, which means it's not about their acting here, it's the music we're suppose to dig. they're here to perform! which, they deliver in that front with some kick ass tracks that peppered the film to create a totally upbeat vibe. especially, their flamboyant concert performances. the buzzing soundtrack also had some killer tunes from some other artists such as devo, the velvet underground, mc5, fleetwood mack, eddie and the hot rods and alice cooper. but these jumping tracks fitted in well with the carefree feel and even the score was worked in rather well. especially in the scenes involving ms. togar with the score grasping the right mood that surrounds her mind set. the playful mood of the film is pretty much like a roller coaster ride with such a racy pace between the electrifying tunes and comical segments ranging from scattered slapstick routines to it's sometimes clever, tongue-in-cheek dialogue. thrown in for good measure is a variety of light and heavy gags, which i found very pleasurable and it gave it such a wider range to express itself.what else gave the film an added boost had to be the divine pj soles (better known for her performance in halloween), who gave such a bang up performance as the peachy riff randell. other exemplary performances were dey young, as the extremely cute kate rambeau, vincent van patten as the gawky tom roberts and the go to man eaglebauer who's stupendously played by clint howard. also some top drawer corman regulars pop up with great send up performances by mary woronov who's excellent as the demanding ms. togar who's pushing her unfair reign on the students, paul bartel as mr. mcgree and a small support role from dick millar towards the end. the enthusiastic acting is pretty campy, but that goes down well with the material and there's a certain likability stemming from these characters, but we totally despise ms. togar and her hall monitor goons.there's no beating around the bush here when i say 'rock 'n' roll high school' is an intoxicating hoot, of a rad time!

the movie is just plain fun....maybe more fun for those of us who were young and fans of "the ramones" around the time the film was made. i've watched the film over and over, by myself and with friends, and it is still fresh and funny. at the risk of being too serious, the concept of being a big fan of a certain band is timeless, and high school students boredom with drudgery of some classes is just as timeless.and, the film has some gem lines/scenes.....references to how our "permanent record" in high school will follow us through life. (let me assure you i've been out of high school for, uhhh, some years and it's not following me).....the famous "static" line ("i'm getting some static"....."not as much as you're going to get", as principal togar approaches).....the school board member who is so decrepit he's attended by nurses....the nazi hall monitors love for a "body search" ......principal togar announcing, "i give you the final solution", and burning the ramones records (note: records were what came before cd's) ....and of course joey ramone noting, "things sure have changed since we got kicked out of high school", followed by togar asking "do your parents know you're ramones?"just one piece of advice.....don't look up where the stars are now.....joey ramone sadly died young. dey young, who was a major hottie in the film, today reminds us we all age....pj soles career never advanced as we might have expected......... marla rosenfield, as one the other students, apparently appeared only in this film (one of my male friends dies over her every time we watch the film), though i submit her performance was more than adequate and should have brought her more teen film roles. and, does anyone know what happened to dj don steele? so, watch and enjoy.....don't think....just have fun!

fascist principal miss togar(mary woronov, who is lensed by expert photographer dean cundy as if she were ten feet tall)has a plan to turn her high completely square. complications ensue which challenge that goal in delightful rock'n'roller riff randell(pj soles who lights up the screen--she's got a hot bod, too)who is an obsessive fan of the punk band the ramones. pal kate rambeau(dey young, whose big rimmed glasses and nerdy role can not hide her stunning beauty)joins forces with riff to put an end to the supposed crisis of killing rock'n'roll for good which is togar's desired mission.vincent van patten has a hilarious role as tom roberts, a success at everything, but getting laid. kate is crazy about tom..if only he could pull his head out of the sand and see it. clint howard steals the film almost(honestly, who can steal this film away from soles?)as eaglebauer, "the supplier" who can get everyone almost anything. his office is located in the boy's restroom! paul bartel is also hilarious as a music teacher who becomes an ally of riff's when he enjoys a concert of the ramones.a raucous high school romp that defies all rules of normalcy..and i loved it. it's like someone just says, "let's make life fun for 1½ hours." the film really is anarchy..a plot-less chaos lovingly adoring the ramones with all it's heart(even if they are horrible actors, they have an opportunity to gain new audiences with this film).the ending pretty much sums up the film as a whole..riff and her classmates take over the high school and one massive party begins. to be honest, i didn't want the party to end! not conventional in any way whatsoever, this film just let's loose a frenzy. accompanied by a great rock soundtrack featuring some of the ramones best songs, this film allows a viewer to accept a time in life when war didn't dominate headlines and people just had a good time. those, i guess were the days.

vince lombardi high school has a new principal--the evil ms. togar (mary woronov). she intends to ban rock and roll music all together. she butts head with riff randall (p.j. soles) who loves the ramones. also the head of the school football team (vincent van patten) can't seem to connect with any girl--not realizing cute kate rambeau (dey young) is in love with him.an instant midnight movie. this was put in general release and almost immediately bombed--but as a midnight movie it was a huge hit and kept playing all through the 1980s. i remember attending more than a few of those when i was in college--it was like a party! people were singing along with the songs, laughing uproariously at every joke and generally just having fun.seeing it now as an adult i can't imagine why i loved this so much. the script is juvenile and full of groaners that i couldn't believe i was hearing. characters change at random and the movie goes jumping all over the place. what saves this are some truly funny lines and wonderful performances by soles and woronov (who is really enjoying herself). also everyone is full of energy and playing their roles way over the top (as they should). as for the ramones...i was never a fan. i do like the title tune but the rest of the songs never really caught me. if you're a ramones fan you might give this a higher rating.spoiler warning!!!! this is mostly for kids (it has a pg rating) who will probably find it silly but fun. i especially think they'll like the end when the high school is blown up! spoiler end!!!!so, if you're in the mood for a silly midnight movie from the 1980s you might like this. otherwise stay away. i give it a 7.

one of the best if not the best rock'n'roll movies ever. and it's not just mindless fun. there really were a lot of clever jokes in it. of course i love the ramones. but with all the "anarchy" and the "i hate high school" themes, the film doesn't at all take itself too seriously,which is what's great about it.i first saw the movie in the spring of 1980, and i saw it again recently. since i went to high school in the late 1970's, it made me kind of nostalgic. like i said, this film doesn't take itself that seriously and isn't pretentious like so much other teen fare of the seventies, eighties, and nineties. and to speak of, it's not really dirty or disgusting either. only pg rated. that's rare for a movie in this category. a great cult classic and a truly incredible time capsule.

the ramones, whom i consider the founders of modern punk rock, lend their then-unique sounds to a terrifically twisted movie about a rowdy rock fan (p.j. soles) who faces off against a merciless, joyless principal (mary woronov) for the right to rock.featuring a soundtrack brimming with incredible music, rrhs is fascinating in concept and execution. it's chock full of riotous sight gags (like the mouse experiment), teenage spirit (probably my all-time favorite film opening), and bizarre, off-the-wall moments (the straitjacket scenes). if you're looking for a movie that seems to be made of pure fun on a molecular level, look no further. but if you're looking for a nice, dignified, dramatic epic, maybe you should look a wee bit further."hi everybody, i'm riff randell, and this is rock & roll high school!"

i seriously love this film so much, i never get sick of watching it. the only line i really can't stomach in this is when riff calls herself a teenage lobotomy but other than that, everything else is perfect. i've never been a fan of pj soles and it didn't help to hear that she didn't even know who the ramones were until she filmed this movie, but i can ignore her snarly little face for the most part. most people who watch this over and over are fans of the ramones and really.. that's the only reason i love it so much. i never get tired of seeing deedee mess up his pizza lines or joey mess up the name of the teacher over and over, haha. one of the best parts of the film is seeing them sing do you want to dance , down the halls of the high school.. i love it. the special edition dvd has a good retrospective, surprisingly pj soles isn't on it. maybe she was working on another project *laugh* anyway, great film, even better if you're a ramones fan.

i liked this movie i remember there was one very well done scene in this movie where riff randell (played by p.j. soles) is lying in her bed smoking pot and then she begins to visualize that the ramones are in the room with her sing the song "i want you around" ...very very cool stuff.it was fun, energetic, quirky and cool. yes i'll admit that the ending is way-way over the top and far fetched ...but it doesn't matter because it is fun this is a very fun movie. it's sex, pot and rock n rocll foreveri read that cheap trick was the band who was originally to star in this ..but i do not know if this is true or not

this movie is soooo funny!!! the acting is wonderful, the ramones are sexy, the jokes are subtle, and the plot is just what every high schooler dreams of doing to his/her school. i absolutely loved the soundtrack as well as the carefully placed cynicism. if you like monty python, you will love this film. this movie is a tad bit "grease"esk (without all the annoying songs). the songs that are sung are likable; you might even find yourself singing these songs once the movie is through. this musical ranks number two in musicals to me (second next to the blues brothers). but please, do not think of it as a musical per say; seeing as how the songs are so likable, it is hard to tell a carefully choreographed scene is taking place. i think of this movie as more of a comedy with undertones of romance. you will be reminded of what it was like to be a rebellious teenager; needless to say, you will be reminiscing of your old high school days after seeing this film. highly recommended for both the family (since it is a very youthful but also for adults since there are many jokes that are funnier with age and experience.

well, i have finally caught up with "rock 'n' roll high school," almost 30 years after it first became a midnight movie sensation in 1979. (latecomer that i am, i will probably first see this summer's new documentary "patti smith: dream of life" sometime around 2040!) and no, the film doesn't feel dated one bit, and yes, it was worth the wait. this is a very high-energy comedy that features loads of great music and some surprising moments. it tells the story of riff randell, adorably played by p.j. soles, and the battle that she and her fellow students at vince lombardi high wage against their new repressive principal, miss togar. (danny peary, in his book "cult movies," quite accurately describes mary woronov's performance as an "evil eve arden.") a typical teens vs. establishment story line is beefed up here with some absurdist humor (those exploding mice, that giant mouse, the hansel and gretel hall monitors) and some truly rousing tunes. riff is, of course, the #1 fan of that original punk band the ramones, and that band dishes out a baker's dozen of its greatest songs during the course of the film, including five at a concert that is a total blast. indeed, the sight of riff furiously dancing to "teenage lobotomy" at this blowout may be the picture's funniest moment. and the initial appearance of joey, johnny, dee dee and marky in their ramonesmobile, and later slinking down a street singing "i just wanna have something to do," is quite exhilarating. the film ends with an explosive confrontation that is, i would imagine, every high school kid's wet dream. fun stuff indeed. on a side note, the ramones were one of the loudest bands that i have ever seen in concert, so i was very amused to note that the dvd for this film comes with optional english subtitles for the hearing impaired. how many aging punks out there found these subtitles necessary, i wonder....

how can you go wrong with the amazing ramones? what a crime that two of them are already dead. it reminds me of the dennis leary joke about great musicians dying in kitchen fires while useless ones live forever. i'm paraphrasing here, but you get the idea.rock and roll high school tells the story of a group of disenfranchised kids fighting against their oppressive high school's administration. it's extremely silly stuff, but there's an optimism about it that's refreshing (even if they do resort to blowing up the building). who knew that this would actually become a concern for students around the world? rock and roll high school is a time capsule of an era when people still believed that music mattered and that it could make a difference to the larger society. it's full of kids who know authority doesn't have the correct answers. rather, rock and roll is the only thing they can trust.but most important, this is pure exploitation.take none of it seriously. just go in and have a good time. if this wasn't what high school life was like in the seventies, then it should have been.

this film is a jolt of punk rock fun, from start to finish. the ramones, reigning princes of late-70s punk rock, appear as themselves. pj soles stars as riff randle, the rebellious high school girl who lives and breathes rock 'n roll. riff is obsessed with writing songs for the ramones, her favorite rock band. she keeps the school rockin', and encourages her fellow-students to join her in her jubilant antics.meanwhile the school that riff attends, has just hired a brand-new principal, named ms. togar. she's a tall, intimidating amazon of a woman. and she vows to make the students 'toe-the-line'. she even has a couple of the students act as monitors, who report back to her with dirt on their classmates. ms. togar is especially determined to nab riff, and put a stop to riff's anarchic shenanigans. but riff has clever ways to foil togar, at every turn.kudos to the superb performance of mary woronov, in her role as principal togar. mary is a legendary b movie actress. and in this film, she plays the fascist ms. togar, with sneering relish. pj soles as riff, turns in an electrifying performance. clint howard as the duplicitous eaglebauer, has lots of fun with his role.the ramones perform many of their hit songs in this film. and so the viewer sees why the ramones were so influential, in the 70s punk rock scene. certainly, this is a good film for ramones fans. but even if you're not into the ramones, or punk rock, this movie is a terrific blast (literally) of energetic fun.

marvelous cult film from 1979 in which the students of vince lombardi high school are confronted with a new, dictatorial principal named miss togar (mary woronov). togar is a music hater and blames the musical tastes of the students for their transgressions. leading the charge against her is fun-loving riff randell (p.j. soles), the #1 ramones fan who, more than anything, wants the rock group to record her songs.now *this* is an impossible movie to resist. first and foremost, the soundtrack is incredible, with songs by such artists as alice cooper and the velvet underground in addition to the infectious non-stop assortment of ramones songs. "teenage lobotomy", "sheena is a punk rocker", and "blitzkrieg bop" are just a few of them. next, the cast truly gives it their all, with soles an ideal choice for the role of riff; she is a true delight. vincent van patten and dey young are earnest as tom and kate, woronov is well cast against type as the snooty and disdainful togar, clint howard has one of his best ever parts as washroom-occupying entrepreneur eaglebauer, and new world regulars such as dick miller, paul bartel (particularly fun as music teacher mr. mcgree) and the real don steele are fun as always. and, of course, it's a treat to see the ramones playing themselves.the movie has true spirit. the energy level is high, with co-story author and director allan arkush bringing a great deal of flair to the proceedings. there's also a great sense of humor. the paper airplane gag is a superb example of this. this extends right to the "wipe" style of scene transitions. there are even hilarious giant mice created by future makeup effects notable rob bottin, in one of his earliest gigs.about as good as an authority-defying, defend-one's-right-to-party film can get. "rock 'n' roll high school" is, quite simply, a wonderful cult film.8/10

a must for any punk rocker, this is the movie that made the ramones a household name back in the early 1980's (when it first appeared on premium cable stations). this was one of the first and best of the american punk rock movies, with a cult classic status up there with the rocky horror picture show. originally the producers wanted cheap trick as the stars, but the release of the "live at budakon" album had just made them superstars and too hot an item to be in a low budget movie. very good luck for the ramones who were looking to break out of the underground punk rock world and into the mainstream market (which sadly never happened until after the bands demise). the band, dee dee especially, always disliked the movie through the 80's but the fans always loved and could recite most of the movie while waiting to get into ramones shows. this movie, like most classics, is stupid fun with some classic ramones footage in their heyday. don't expect more, you won't find it. it's great fun, so enjoy it. another allan arkush classic movie in a similar vein is get crazy, featuring lee ving from the legendary hardcore punk band fear.

it's amazing that actress p.j. soles didn't become a big star after playing riff randall, #1 fan of the punk rock group the ramones, in "rock 'n' roll high school". soles is so exuberant, you don't mind she's obviously too old to still be in high school (that fact is leveled out by having all the kids look 24). the movie is a fast-paced frolic that doesn't cop-out; everything gets blown to smithereens at the end, and that's just as it should be. mary woronov, an innately kinky and funny presence as the nazi-like principal, gets a great, one-of-a-kind bit at the beginning where frisbees fly dangerously close to her head (how many takes did they use on that, or was it a fluke?) and dey young is very appealing as soles' best, kate rambeau. the weakest link, ironically enough, in this "high school" chain-gang is the ramones. they can't act, they're not funny, and their concert segment goes on too long. one ramones song, "i want you around", is treated as a fantasy and is well captured; other incidental songs are good, particularly a rare paul mccartney ballad heard near the beginning ("did we meet somewhere before?"). great fun! *** from ****

and this is a great rock'n'roll movie in itself. no matter how it evolved (at point being a movie about disco), it ended up as one of the ultimate movies in which kids want to rock out, but the principal stands in their way. think back to those rock'n'roll movies of the 50's in which the day is saved when alan freed comes to town with chuck berry to prove that rock & roll music is really cool and safe for the kids, and tuesday weld gets a new sweater for the dance. forward to the 1979, repeat the same plot, but throw in da ramones, whom no one then realized would become one of the most influential bands of the next quarter century (and then for the obligatory dj guest shot, "the real" don steele). throw in, too, all the elements of a roger corman-produced comedy-exploitation film, except for the two-day shooting schedule, some of the familiar corman repertory players like clint howard, mary wournow and dick miller (there since "bucket of blood"), and you've got one of the great stoopid movies of the day. one of the few films that uses deliberate cheesiness and gets away with it. i showed the new dvd to a friend who could only remember seeing parts of it through a stoner- induced haze at the drive-in, and he agreed that this is one of the great movies to be watching drunk, not the least for the lovely leading ladies and the great ramones footage.

although kris kristofferson is good in this role, who wouldn't want to see elvis pressly instead? with the drug addiction and the fall from supreme fame may have scared away elvis' agent to be apart of the movie, it was a mistake. this would have been a perfect movie for elvis. even though the soundtrack is far from terrific, paul williams and barbra streisand do a decent job in creating an original soundtrack for this "period" piece / musical. somewhat of a love story, this is more of a drama about the fall from grace and the gift of redemption. like is most tragedies, the hero of the story was die. also, gary busey is once again perfect in a not so perfect role.

i saw this movie in the theater when it came out. i grew up in scottsdale and i went to arizona state and really enjoyed seeing locations where i spent so much time. i remember at the time thinking that barbara's venture into more of a rock sound (actually r and b-to my ears) was a successful one. i was never a fan of kris's singing until his last effort for new west. as a songwriter and an actor, though, he has serious chops, imho. i think it is a fine romance. i like it better than the judy garland version and never saw selznick's janet gaynor original. i do believe that they made some changes in this long-awaited dvd release. among other things, i recall the helicopter shot which reveals a packed sun devil stadium being longer and more dramatic. i wish they had done a better job writing music for kris or god forbid, put some of his original songs in there. along those lines i have some information from a primary source that says that the music was a problem for kris and barbara. while doing interviews for my own new music documentary, rocking the boat: a musical conversation and journey, i interviewed stephen bruton, a fine singer/songwriter/guitarist with close professional and personal ties to kris, bonnie raitt, and delbert mcclinton, among many others. stephen was in "speedway," the john norman character's band. kris was having a real hard time turning what was essentially a pop score into something that could pass for rock. stephen was and is kris's friend and long time band member. there was tension on the set and at one point the band was barking at kris in barbara's presence. she remarked to the effect that the band shouldn't talk to him like that. kris came right back to the effect that they were his friends and they were rock and roll! in the end, barbara came around and decided to use kris's band's live performances in the movie and specifically sited stephen's role in making things work. i gained even greater respect for her as an artist upon hearing this story. much is made of her as a diva. what she is is a pro. and i am not gay. not that there is anything wrong with that.

as a long-standing barbra fan, any posting like this will be biased. that aside, this film ranks as a classic. it has it's flaws (emphasized in other postings), but gives a glimpse of a time (late 70s) that will never be there again, and is fascinating to watch unfold on screen.streisand fought hard to make this movie her own. i don't think she was ever satisfied. but it gives her fans a new barbra (for the time) with live singing, a young fresh appearance, and some very heavy-duty acting.the story is rough, but exciting, and holds your interest throughout. the extended one frame "finale" is hard for most non-barbra fans to sit through, but it speaks volumes to those who admire her talent.

i recently watched the '54 version of this film with judy, and while i appreciated the story and music, i found that the film failed to hold my attention. i expected the '76 remake to be the same story, except with a barbra twist. i was pleasantly surprised - it was a much more realistic and modern look at fame, money, love and the price of it all. this version is so much more real than the '54 one, with arguably better music, better acting, a more gripping plot line, and, of course, a deeper love. i do not understand why the previous film is on the american film institute's top 100 list, while this gripping remake fails to make a mark on any critic's list.

i was 16 when i first saw the movie, and it has always been a huge favorite of mine. of course, you can't deny the appeal of kristofferson in the movie - how fine is that man???????????? sheesh. he still is. he's the bad boy every woman secretly wants. his acting is flawless. he played a drunk/druggie only the way someone who really had gone through it could - and he had - in '76 he finally got on the wagon, so it was all very real.the music is great and even though in later years i thought streisand was somewhat not the right person for him in a physical beauty sense, i think it's more a problem for male viewers than female. us gals are just looking at kris - and naturally the guys are looking at the female interest - my husband cannot watch the movie b/c of her - he doesn't like her looks. but i did make him sit through just the red ferrari scene on the road towards the end just so he could see how well done it was - the camera work was so perfect and you were totally in the car with him with the music blasting - you should have seen it on my 50" plasma - wow!!!! and lastly, the transfer quality was great - anamorphic widescreen and really clear with great color and very low noise except for dark areas which is normal for all film.brought back some great memories of my mom and i loving this movie together, i bought a copy for her for christmas. would have loved to watch it together with her last night.i have tried to sit through the original with judy garland, but i guess seeing this one first, i just can't get into the earlier era. watching all the concert footage in the '76 version was so much like what i was living at the time.i am working my way through the commentary by streisand, but she seems to only talk about herself and the songs, so far she has barely even mentioned kris or details about scenes in the movie. her voice sounds exactly the same now as then.check it out, if you grew up in the same era as me (born in 1960) you will love it.wendy

barbra streisand is a tour de force in this hollywood story. her performances and the songs are one-of-a-kind and are special in the halls of great movies. the scene where she is introduced to the unexpecting audience by kristopherson, against the crowds' wishes and hers, only to turn them around with her magnificent performance of "woman in the moon" is one of the best examples on film of how well a great performer can win over an audience. it's real. the scene where she records evergreen ranks with the best in the business.. all live, no lip-sync, very special. streisand is often criticized for being a diva, but she delivers on this one. she is majestic singing "with one more look at you. she deserved the oscar she and paul williams got for evergreen. kristopherson had his moments too, far above most of his movie appearances. this version of the "born" franchise ranks with the first one of 1937 (janet gaynor, frederic march)although i will always enjoy judy garland and james mason musical remake of 1954. i haven't seen the dvd yet and don't know about its quality.

considering 'a star is born' had been made twice already by the time the 1976 film came into production, the latest remake has a freshness about it that can be attributed to the fantastic chemistry between the entire acting ensemble. a viewer could be forgiven for believing that kris kristofferson & barbara streisand were a couple off screen as well as on, with their incredible displays of pure affection towards one another.the film has been described in the past as a 'barbara streisand concert on film, set to a soap opera storyline' however for anyone that enjoys watching a film that takes you beyond the living room into a world where the characters seem truly alive - a star is born is well worth the hiring price.with its incredible soundtrack, flawless acting and touching reality in regards to human emotions and the true frailty of life; a star is born is a film that draws you into the world of esther hoffman & the love of her life john norman howard.a film for anyone that sees the beauty in real love - the kind that keeps you devoted to a person even as they break your heart...

i saw the trailer for this movie in the 70's when i was barely 16 while viewing another film. oh!!!! how excited me and my best friend were. we couldn't wait for the month or so until it would come on. i saw this movie 17 times that year at the theatre. i love,love,love it. kris is so perfect for the film. he is brash and kinda trashy but also shy and uncertain with babs and it is so endearing to watch it again. when they sing evergreen at the studio and he chimes in with his raspy voice so very different from the perfect notes coming from her but i always thought this was one of the best scenes in the movie. the way he looks at her and he is so proud.i could watch this movie every day. we tried to dress like est-her i even have the long sweater and cap that was so like the one she wore. this came on tv on time and i got my daughters to watch it they were teens and they loved it to. maybe its just that i was so caught up into it at an age when everything was extreme don't know. the ending always has me in tears even today.

i swear when i first saw this movie,i cried my eyes out! a star is born is the movie that lets you know what love is really like despite the obstacles john norman (kris kristofferson) and esther (streisand) face. you also experience what it's like to lose a love like that by the end of the movie. streisand and kristofferson have such great chemistry together and the music is fantastic! when streisand sings with one more look at you/watch closely now, it's just pure magic! this movie made the song evergreen one of my favorites,and queen bee is such a fun song. also i love the fashion of the '70s (except streisand's afro. besides that,she's a beauty.). a star is born is my number one favorite movie. this movie is a pleasure to watch and is a heart-breaker at the end.

she is such an extraordinary singer, who cares about anything else!!!! that final scene is one of the best moments in all of show biz - bar none!! i'm glad she kept the camera on herself for ten minutes - she deserves that iconic status - such is the power of the voice. i first saw this film when i was five and it had a huge impact on me. i see it today, and yes, i can see some of the flaws (like esther wanting to leave the grammy's right as her award is being announced).but some of the other user comments are just plain false - i mean, where is the gratuitous nudity - maybe we saw different films??? streisand's singing ability is monumental, and if she has a big ego - fine! she's earned it.

personnaly i really loved this movie, and it particularly moved me. the two main actors are giving us such great performances, that at the end, it is really heart breaking to know what finally happened to their characters.the alchemy between barbra streisand and kris kristofferson is marvelous, and the song are just great the way they are. that's why i didn't feel surprised when i learned it had won 5 golden globe awards (the most rewarded movie at the golden globes), an oscar and even a grammy. this movie is a classic that deserves to be seen by anyone. a great movie, that has often been criticized (maybe because streisand dared to get involved in it, surely as a "co-director"). her artistry is the biggest, and that will surely please you!

i am and was very entertained by the movie. it was my all time favorite movie of 1976. being raised in the 70's , i was so in love with kris kristoffersons look and demeanor,of course i am no movie critic,but for the time era,i think it was very good. i very much like the combo of streisand and kristofferson. i thought they worked very well together. i have seen the movie many times and still love the two of them as esther and john norman. i am a very huge fan of kris and see him in concert when i can. what a talented singer song writer,not to mention,actor. i have seen him in many movies,but still think back to a star is born.

a blockbuster at the time of it's original release (it was the second-highest grossing film of 1976), the third screen version of a star is born has always divided critics and fans alike. the film open to scathingly negative reviews, however, $5.6 million-budgeted picture went on to gross over $150 million at the box office and won an academy award and five golden globes. it's not without some irony that streisand's most commercially successful film would also remain her most controversial. for every ten fans who state that star is streisand's best film, there are always ten more who claim it is the weakest film in her filmography. although both sides have some merit to support their claims, it should still be noted that the seventies take on a star is born remains one of the most touching and highly entertaining showbiz dramas that hollywood ever produced. for my money, it's the best version of the often-told tale.the film is solidly enjoyable and throughly absorbing. changing the setting from the old hollywood studio system to the competitive world of the music industry was actually a great idea, and the screenplay forges a realistic contrast between the characters' romance and their careers. this is the main area that the 1976 version of a star is born actually surpasses it's classic predecessors. for example, the film is especially successful when depicting the clashing personal and professional difficulties during recording sessions and the never-ending phone calls that interrupt kristofferson's songwriting attempts. this version of the story is also more believable in it's portrayal of the lead characters. for example, the female leads in the two previous versions were so virtuous and self-sacrificing that they came off as saints. on the other hand, esther, the female lead in this version, is not only portrayed as being strong and passionate, but also flawed and conflicted. this makes her feel more "real" than the janet gaynor or judy garland characters felt in the previous films, and makes the story that much more effective.the performances are all on target, even if some of the supporting characters aren't fleshed out enough. if you're looking for an actress/singer who can walk the fine line between tough and vulnerable without making herself seem like a script contrivance, streisand is definitely the girl you want. she's one of the few film stars who can make even the most banal dialogue seem fresh and natural, and, as usual, she manages to make a strong emotional connection with the viewer. simply put, her esther is a fully-realized, three-dimensional human being. kris kristofferson may not get much respect now for his laid-back characterization, however, he's always interesting watch and displays a magnetic charisma here that he seldom displayed elsewhere in his career. kristofferson actually received rave reviews at the time from newsweek, time, and even the new yorker's usually vicious pauline kael. gary busey and paul mazursky also give believable performances, but both have a fairly minimal amount of screen time.the film's soundtrack recording was also a massive success, hitting the #1 on billboard's hot 200 and selling over four million copies in the us alone. the streisand-composed "evergreen" (with lyrics from paul williams) is unarguably one of the most gorgeous songs in contemporary pop, brought to even-further life by an absolutely incomparable vocal performance from streisand. the rest of the film's original songs (mostly composed by williams and rupert holmes) are pretty good as well, and streisand sounds fantastic - her live solo numbers remain in the memory long after the rest of the movie has faded. streisand's vibrant performances bring "woman in the moon" and "with one more look at you" to thrilling life, and make even sillier numbers like "queen bee" work far better than they have the right to. kristofferson's solo numbers sound somewhat tuneless, however, that may have been intentional since he is playing a singer in decline.though naturally dated in some respects (it definitely does reflect the decade in which it was made), the seventies take on a star is born still holds up remarkably well. the film is well-mounted and slickly produced, the chemistry between the leads is extremely powerful and always feels genuine, and streisand has two emotional scenes near the finale that are both aching effective. in conclusion, a star is born is not only entertaining and moving, but it also transcends all criticism.

my mom took me to see this movie when it came out around christmas of 1976. i loved it then and i love it now. i know everyone makes fun of barbra's hair in this one, but i think she looks and sounds great! ...and i seem to remember a number of women who copied that permed look at the time! also, the bath tub scene between streisand and kristoferson is just so sexy! the music is great as well. this is the groovy 70's babs at her best!

thirty years after its initial release, the third version of "a star is born" finally comes to dvd in a package that should please the most devoted fans of barbra streisand. that would include me since i just saw her in concert singing among other numbers, the feminist anthem "woman in the moon" from this 1976 film. easy to dismiss, the movie's career-polarizing story is such a sturdy pile of hollywood-style clichés that variations of it exist in other films including streisand's own "funny girl". this time reset to the then-contemporary music scene, the timeworn plot follows self-destructive rock star john norman howard on his deep-dive career descent just as he meets club singer esther hoffman who is awaiting her big break.troubles dog their courtship from the outset, as john norman (both names please) responds to grasping fans and bloodless djs with random acts of violence (from which he inexplicably escapes prosecution). to john norman, esther represents his last shot at happiness, and in turn, she is drawn to the innately decent, creative musician underneath the façade. in the movie's most pivotal scene, he gives esther her big break at a benefit concert, and her career takes off. inevitably, he can't handle the failure of his career in light of her meteoric success, and if you are familiar with any version of this story, you know the rest. directed by frank pierson (although streisand's budding directorial talents are obviously on display), the film still manages to draw me in, even though i know it is shamelessly contrived and manipulative. it still has a certain emotional resonance despite its numerous flaws.although streisand in her prime seems like the ideal choice to play a rising singing star, her screen persona is simply too strong and predefined to play esther credibly. the same can be said for her performing style since the script seems to make allowances for her softer adult contemporary-oriented material to be accepted within the otherwise hardened world of arena rock. from the moment she pops her head up as the middle of the oreos, she can't help but come across as an established star. i can forgive the lapse simply because she is an unparalleled vocal talent, but what becomes less forgiving is how she makes esther more strident than poignant when john norman's woes become overwhelming. this creates an oddly discomfiting dynamic in the last part of the film when it becomes less about what caused the climactic event than esther's response to it. this is capped off by an uninterrupted eight-minute close-up of her memorial performance - great except when she regrettably mimics john norman's style toward the end.kristofferson, on the other hand, gives a superb performance throughout, managing a level of honesty that grounds the film and makes palpable his concurrent feelings of love, pride and resentment toward esther. he makes his vodka-soaked onstage growling work within this context. otherwise, what always strikes me as strange about this version is how all the supporting characters are relegated to the background as if they didn't exist unless they were interacting with the two principals. the only ones who register are paul mazursky as john norman's level-headed manager brian and gary busey as his cynical band manager bobbie. veteran cameraman robert surtees provides a nice burnish to the cinematography though a level of graininess persists in the print. a big seller in its day, the soundtrack is a hodgepodge of different styles from the 1970's - some songs still quite good ("everything", "woman in the moon", "watch closely now"), some that have moved to kitsch ("queen bee", kenny loggins' "i believe in love") and of course, the inescapable "evergreen".the print transfer on the 2006 dvd is clean and the sound gratefully crisp thanks to digital remastering. streisand's participation is the chief lure of the extras beginning with her feature-length commentary. she gives insightful information about the genesis of the film, the casting and the reportedly troubled production. she is also refreshingly candid about the megalomania of jon peters, her hairdresser boyfriend who became the movie's producer, and her dissatisfaction with pierson as a director. i just wish she could have provided more scene-specific comments that directly relate to what is on screen. she also tends to repeat the same anecdotes when the mood strikes her, e.g., it gets tiring to hear for the third time how the person playing the chauffeur was a friend of peters. i think having a second commentator could have drawn out other nuggets from her.there is a wardrobe test reel that shows some amusing 1970's clothes, especially kristofferson's mixed-fabric poncho and orange polyester shirt. there are also twelve deleted scenes included with streisand's optional commentary. one is a comic bread-baking scene which reminded me how much i like streisand in farcical comedies. another is an extended scene in which she plays "evergreen" on the guitar in front of an awestruck kristofferson who then falls asleep. the most interesting is an alternate take on the musical finale incorporating fast cuts, which i agree with streisand should have been used. fittingly, the theatrical trailers for all three versions of "a star is born" are also included.

i will never forget when i saw this title in the video store way back when. i was always a big weird al fan and when i saw this video i rented and watched it. i was too young to appreciate all of al's subtle humor and satire at the time but i remember it much later when i was old enough to understand what i was watching. if you are an "al" fan, especially of his earlier work, you will thoroughly enjoy this film. it is done in the mtv-esque "rockumentary" style and tells a true (but sometimes exaggerated) tale of how al got to be where he was in 1985. you will love it if you like his brand of humor and, more importantly, his music.

this is a bizzare look at al's "life", back when he still a hyper 20-something. the (real) home videos of al as a kid are great, and the commentary from his (real life) parents gives a nice glimpse of just how weird al wound up as screwed up as he is. this video is a must own for any devoted al-coholic.

but it is kinda hilarious, at least if you grew up on weird al, like i did. it's a mockumentary about his life and career, beginning with superstardom and going back to trace the origins. it's uneven in places, but some of the segments are still very funny, particularly when he goes to japan. although it's not quite as emotionally textured as lost in translation, and he doesn't find love however fleeting, he does capture in a bottle the absolutely bizarre cultural melange that is tokyo street life.perhaps weird al isn't recognized as the insightful cultural commentator that he is; perhaps a rose by any other name would smell just as sweet. still, this is a funny movie.

if you think "weird al" yankovic is hilarious, you won't be disappointed by the compleat al. not only does this rare mockumentary feature many of yankovic's more memorable videos ("like a surgeon" and "i love rocky road" among them), but they are inter-spliced with funny vignettes supposedly highlighting the parodist's rise to fame. yankovic is not for all tastes, but his humor is harmless and imaginative enough that even non-fans will at least be lightly amused. die-hard fans will love it not only for its content, but also for its relatively early look into yankovic's now nearly three decade career. suitable for all ages, kiddies will no doubt love the funny visuals.

to many people, beat street has inspired their lifestyle to something creative concerning the hip hop culture.the young lee is living in ny in the 80's when hip hop was at its beginning. his a crew member of "beat street" -a b-boy crew. the movie follows lee in his average day, dancing, graffitiing, etc.the director has succeeded in making a movie with a plot and at the same time presenting hip hop to the rest of the world. the movie has old school features such asafrika bambaataa & the soul sonic force, grandmaster melle mel & the furious five, the rock steady crew, the new york city breakers, and many more....neither the movie beat street nor the beat street spirit will ever die.

i had not seen this movie since the late '80s and decided to pick up the vhs version of it. the plot is very slow, and the actors almost seem robotic in this breakdance flick. the music, hip hop/freestyle artists and the breakdancing scenes are what make this movie special. the breakdancing is actually better in this movie than in "breakin'", but i have to say that "breakin' 1&2" carry the energy & excitement to the screen a lot better. it's a movie i will keep in my library, but it's not a movie that i can watch over & over again, just once in a blue moon.

i just wanna say that amongst all the so-called classic hiphop films ive seen like wild style, krushgroove, breakin', style wars etc... imo beat street is the best amongst the others. whenever i ask other people about which is their fave, then it seems that beat street pops out the most. but still, its the lowest ranked of all. 4.3 is just a punch "under the belt" (if say, 5 points is the belt). i love the music performances, the breakdancing makes me wanna spin, ramo makes me wanna throw a piece...c'mon, its a classic!!!

i enjoy watching people doing breakdance, especially if they do it as well as in the best scenes of this movie which takes you to a disco club called "roxy". especially at christmas time, because there also appears a "mc santa claus".even if this is an old film, and even if i have videotaped it from tv, when the state movie archive of finland showed this in the summer of 2004 on their own big screen, i went there to check it out. it's much more enjoyable on big screen than on tv.even if many people here think that watching this on big screen is a waste of money for the ticket cost, i disagree with this and i think that when i paid my ticket, i got the money's worth by seeing this, as it is on big screen, especially seated on front row of the cinema, an unforgettable experience, and much better than just on video.

although kurt russell was and is probably the closest person to look like elvis in show-business, so many things were false in this film. first of all, the makers claimed elvis opened his famous live shows in '69 after a 9 year hault for films by wearing a white jump-suit made in 1972. also they claimed he sang 'burning love' which he first sung in 1972 and 'the wonder of you' which he first recorded in 1970. they also claim that he got his first guitar for christmas when all elvis fans know he got it for his birthday. i know all movies based on past have something false but these things are so obvious to people who like elvis.

i have loved this movie since i first saw it in 1979. i'm still amazed at how accurately kurt russell portrays elvis, right down to how he moves and the expressions on his face. sometimes its scary how much he looks, acts, and talks like the real elvis. thankfully this is being released on dvd, so all of us that have been waiting can finally have an excellent quality version of the full length film. i have heard the detractors, who say that there are some inaccuracies, or some things left out, but i think that keeping in mind that john carpenter only had about 2 1/2 hours to work with, and that this was being shown on television (just two years after elvis's death!) that he did a fine job with this. in fact i haven't seen another elvis movie that even comes close to this one. highly recommended.

i remember watching this film a while ago and after seeing 3000 miles to graceland, it all came flooding back. why this hasn't had a video or dvd release yet? it's sacrilegious that this majesty of movie making has never been released while other rubbish has been. in fact this is the one john carpenter film that hasn't been released. in fact i haven't seen it on the tv either since the day i watched it. kurt russell was the perfect choice for the role of elvis. this is definitely a role he was born to play. john carpenter's break from horror brought this gem that i'd love the tv to play again. it is well acted and well performed as far as the singing goes. belting out most of elvis's greatest hits with gusto. i think this also was the film that formed the partnership with russell and carpenter which made them go on to make a number of great movies (escape from new york, the thing, big trouble in little china, and escape from l.a. someone has got to release this before someone does a remake or their own version of his life, which i feel would not only tarnish the king but also ruin the magic that this one has. if this doesn't get released then we are gonna be in heartbreak hotel.

this movie is one of those "wow!" movies. not because it's the greatest movie of all time, but because it surprised me. not only was it a t.v. movie, but it was on elvis. i can safely say as many impersonators as there are there was only one elvis, but i can also safely say that kurt russel came extremely close to being the real thing. it was one of the greatest impersonations that i have ever seen. he had me believing that it was really him. i learned a lot about elvis' life from watching this movie. and don't led the television part of it let you stray-it's actually a really fantastic film! and kurt russel could've been elvis' twin :)

kurt russell is elvis, plain and simple. his dedication to this role resulted in what i think, is the best movie bio ever. if you're an elvis fan, see it if you can.the made-for-television film was made two years after elvis' death.one piece of advice, there are two versions - one at 180 minutes and one at 117 minutes. the only one to watch is the longer one. the shorter one has more than one hour of footage edited out. it just does not work because the scenes in it are often dependent on the scenes that were cut.this masterpiece takes you from elvis childhood through his emergence as entertainment's greatest star. shelley winters and bing russell (kurt's real dad) are excellent as elvis' parents. and pat hingle delivers a very competent col. tom parker.long live the king!

this movie changed it all for me...i heard of breakdancing and hiphop, but had never seen it professionally done (hey i was an 11-year old kid from holland!) when i saw this movie, this all changed. i got actively involved in the hiphop-movement in our city, started breakdancing and writing lyrics.to this day, i still consider this movie to be a personal favorite. sure, the filming and "cinematographic" importance might not be that significant. but who cares if the wide-shot was filmed badly or if you could see a mic hanging above somebody? it's what it does to you personally that counts...

kurt russell, whose career started when he kicked the real elvis in it happened at the world's fair, will probably never top his performance as the king in this biopic helmed by slash and shock meister carpenter. there are times you feel that you're watching elvis until something snaps you back to reality...perhaps memories of a hapless don johnson in elvis and the beauty queen? all the performances here are excellent: season hubley as priscilla, pat hingle as the colonel, even shelley winters brings the right level of nerves and hysteria to her rendering of momma presley.kurt's dad bing is here playing elvis' father vernon, and there's a fine understated performance from robert gray as elvis' buddy and bodyguard red west. a must see for rock n roll fans.

kurt russell's chameleon-like performance, coupled with john carpenter's flawless filmmaking, makes this one, without a doubt, one of the finest boob-tube bios ever aired. it holds up, too: the emotional foundation is strong enough that it'll never age; carpenter has preserved for posterity the power and ultimate poignancy of the life of the one and only king of rock and roll. (i'd been a borderline elvis fan most of my life, but it wasn't until i saw this mind-blowingly moving movie that i looked beyond the image at the man himself. it was quite a revelation.) elvis remains one of the top ten made-for-tv movies of all time.

without doubt beat street is the best film about the breakin scene. everything about it is spot on,the clothes (puma),the music and most importantly the dancing! the storyline is basic,but hey whats there to tell a story about? the whole point of the film is to show what kids of that moment in time were doing,what mattered to them. it shows that teenagers in general are good,all that mattered to these everyday kids was music,dancing and friendship. having watched the dvd recently i was plesantly surprised how well it had stood the test of time! the clothes didn't look dated (possibly because puma is now having a massive comeback),the music still sounds fresh,and the dancing is still captivating to watch. a film anyone 10-25 years of age should see as part of their youth culture.

i guess when "beat street" made a national appearance, "flashdance" came at the same time. the problem with "flashdance" is that there was only one break dancing scene and the rest was jazz dance and ballet. that was one of the reasons why "beat street" was better. the only movie that could rival "beat street" seems to be "footloose", because both movies focused on how dance had been used by people to express their utmost feelings.the break-dance scenes in "beat street" come just before the middle and at the end of the flick. and i loved all of them. almost all of the break tricks were featured in the break jam scenes: the jackhammer, the flares, the head spins, the suicide sit, the crazy legs, the mortal, the forward flip, the figure four---almost everything.like "the warriors", "beat street" does have violence related to the gang life in the hip hop world...but in a much less violent way than the former. the only major fight scene in "beat street" was when graffiti artist ramon (which in the movie was abbreviated as "ramo") is chased by a rival gang member on the new york city subway tracks.....fighting each other on the third rail and both dying by electrocution on that rail. well, although that chase scene ended tragically, it was better that they died that way than having blood exploding from a gang gunshot.most of the gang stuff in the flick was graffiti related to the hip-hop culture, and rap music. a lot of rap music appeared in the flick, because hip-hop members used rap music as a diversion to the negative aspects of gang life. even the theme song of the movie, which closed the curtain to the flick, was not just an homage to hip-hop culture--it also was an homage to the death of ramon.by the way, during the dance scene called 'tango, tango', i guess the female drummer in the pit orchestra conducted by actress rae dawn chong was sheila e. making a cameo appearance.

this started out to be a movie about the street culture of the bronx in new york. what it accomplished was to give birth to a new culture and way of life, for american youth. what other movie has done this except rebel without a cause? one of the most important movies of all time. the elements are simple yet fascinating. the story is timeless, young people try to succeed against all odds. yet the story is always believable and never depressing. the characters are so realistic, a city dweller, would recognize them as neighbors. the story is entertaining, and comes to a satisfying ending. buy this one for your permanent collection. it is a piece of american history.

being that i am a true product of the hip-hop and electronic dance music generation, this is without a doubt one of my favorite movies of all time. beat street, although not as "authentic" in some respects as wild style, is a film that is guaranteed to tug the heart strings of anyone who takes pride in the culture of urban sample/dj-based music and electro-club culture.although i will admit that at times the dialogue is somewhat cheesy, you can't help but feel for the characters, and ultimately "wish you were there" for the beginnings of hip-hop culture in new york city in the early eighties. the b-boy battle scene at the roxy nightclub (a real-life, real-time competition between the legendary rock steady crew and the nyc breakers) is just as essential to a hip-hop fan's archives as any classic album. watch some of the breakers' moves in slow-motion if possible to truly appreciate the athletic and stylistic expertise of a seasoned b-boy/b-girl. all praises due to the zulu nation!!!

cinematically, this film stinks. so does a lot of the acting. but idon't care. if there is a strong representation of what the 80's werelike(for a lot of us in the innercity anyways) and what hip-hop, zulunation, and break dancing were really like.great music, greatdancing! it almost seems like a documentary of a time now pastwhen hip-hop was a way of life. it's also interesting to see newyork looking like ground zero from a nuclear attack. some viewersmay be too young to remember that it was a poor, run down cityduring the 70's and 80's. this is the best of all the hip-hop/breakdancing movies that came out around that period. of course the80's are considered a joke now with all the bad tv shows andmovies, but those of us who lived through it will always rememberit fondly for a time when music, dancing, and graffiti were fresh, yo!

of all the breakdancing / hip-hop films released between 1983 and 1986, the 1984 film beat street is unquestionably the best one. the story follows a dj, his younger breakdancing brother, a graffiti artist and a wanna-be showbiz promoter through one winter in which they try to break out of the ghetto using their "street" talent. the acting isn't always up to par and the characters aren't fully drawn out, but they are more than compensated for by down-to-earth dialogue, a plausible story, fantastic dancing sequences and a timeless hip-hop sound track. it should be noted this film was shot in the birthplace of breakdancing ("this ain't new york, this is the bronx!"), and features appearances by the fathers of breakdancing, dance troupe rock steady crew and rapper afrika bambaata. rock steady crew provide the best scene in the film when they dominate a dance battle at the premiere breakdancing club of the early 80's, the roxy. a must see for hip-hop lovers.

after repeated listenings to the cd soundtrack, i knew i wanted this film, got it for christmas and i was amazed. marc bolan had such charisma, i can't describe it. i'd heard about him in that way, but didn't understand what people were talking about until i was in the company of this footage. he was incredible. clips from the wembley concert are interspersed with surrealistic sketches such as nuns gorging themselves at a garden party as marc bolan performs some acoustic versions of get it on, etc. (i'm still learning the song titles). george claydon, the diminutive photographer from magical mystery tour, plays a chauffeur who jumps out of a car and eats one of the side mirrors. nothing i can say to describe it would spoil it, even though i put the spoilers disclaimer on this review, so you would just need to see this for yourselves. it evades description. yes, i love the beatles and was curious about ringo directing a rock documentary - that was 35 years ago - now, i finally find out it's been on dvd for 2 years, but it's finally in my home. it's an amazing viewing experience - even enthralling. now the dvd comes with hidden extras and the following is a copy and paste from another user: there's two hidden extras on the born to boogie double dvd release. 1.from the menu on disc one,select the bonus material and goto the extra scenes 2.on the extra scenes page goto scene 42 take 1 and keep pressing left 3.when the cursor disappears keep pressing right until a "star+1972" logo appears 4.press enter 5.from the main menu on disc two,select the sound options 6.on the sound options page goto the 90/25 (i think thats right) option and keep pressing left 7.when the cursor disappears keep pressing right until a "star+home video" logo appears 8.press enter

if you're a t-rex/marc bolan fan, i recommend you check this out. it shows a whimsical side of marc bolan as well as ringo starr, apparently having a pretty good time shooting some of the scenes that aren't part of the concert, but fun to watch, leaving you with a sense of getting to know them as just people, and when the concert is shown a talented musician, both playful and professional that rocks and seems to impress the screaming girls. watching him in concert, you would never know that being a rock star is a job, but just having a great time playing some great songs with some good friends, like elton john and ringo starr appearing in some of the live performances. true, there are a few songs missing that i would like to have seen on there, but like any album it can't have everything. i just bought this in 2006, but if i would have know it came out in 1972, i would have definitely bought it years ago. sad and strange that a man with so many songs about his love for cars, would never learn to drive and would die in a car crash!

panned by critics at the time but loved by the fans, this film has now become a classic. mixing supposedly 'surreal' footage shot at john lennon's home among other places with live footage of marc bolan & t.rex at their very best, this film is not just a must for everyone who's liked marc bolan but gives a fascinating insight into the era.these were the times when marc was hobnobbing with the likes of ringo starr of the beatles [who directed it] and you can even find a brief spot from one reg dwight [elton john to you] bashing the ivories in an amazing [and never officially released] version of tutti frutti and rocking and ballad versions of children of the revolution.there's also wonderful scenes featuring chelita secunda [said to have 'created glam rock' with her use of glitter etc], mickey finn and even the actor from catweazle!!the best scene for me is in the garden when marc leaves the dining table, sits down cross-legged in front of a string section and knocks out acoustic versions of classics such as get it on and the slider.highly, highly recommended!! five stars [out of five].rory

born to boogie is a real 'find'--though a rock fan for nearly thirty years, i only first saw the film a few days ago, and rank it among the top rock films of all time; the music's terrific (the cream of t. rex) and the visuals consistently exciting and unusual, leaving this viewer craving any more past directorial efforts of ringo starr, who did a fine job here. if you love the music, you'll be in t. rextasy throughout, as marc bolan really is the star of the piece, front and center. even the fact that some songs are repeated doesn't matter a bit: different venues, costuming, musical arrangements, and bizarre visual concepts are all used to lend different textures and a great deal of upbeat humor to what could have ended up as 'only' a concert film in other hands. as rich and full packed as born to boogie is, the film's only about an hour long, but what is there is totally satisfying. therein lies my only criticism--the video package states something like 71 minutes, and at least one online source claims the film to be 67 minutes, but apparently it's more like 61 minutes of rocking fun.

this is indeed a treat for every bolan fan, some might think that it's a little over the top, and that it is only about ringo and marc's egos, but i think it's similar to any other concert video, except for the fact that this is marc bolan, not just any guy! i especially liked the music video for children of the revolution, with elton john and ringo starr. this clip alone is worth all the money, i can't believe they did'not release this version as the single. the movie is really superb, especially for us danes. now, i wasn't alive during the 70's. but danes in general was totally shot out from what was happening around them. the media didn't play or show any of the popular music back then, including marc bolan and t.rex, they only played a little with the doors, only the really popular songs though. so, i know from my dad, that seeing this, gives him back a part of his youth, he never got to experience.i wont make this too long, so... if you're the least bit fan of marc bolan, you need to see this. you might find it boring or as said before, a little over the top. but at least you've seen one of the best musicians ever, in action!only thing that disappoints me a little, is that ride a white swan isn't on the tape. but i forgive it, since jeepster and get it on are so wonderfully played.

just a note to add to the above comment. fear of a black hat doesn't have the criminal who's image has been ripped off by the band, that's in cb4. easily confused as the two films are so similar, but black hat is vastly the superior of the two..... yeah.

if you like rap or hip-hop, watch this movie, although it's funny if you don't get the references, as a straight comedy.haven't seen much of the much hyped cb4, but what i did see didn't have the heart that this little stormer has.haven't heard from the people involved since, which is a surprise. the film is very similar to spinal tap, which is no bad thing, and i think a lot of the dialogue, while priceless in tap is funnier here, probably because i'm more into rap than rock theses days, so my own judgment does cloud that point.the rap songs are funny as hell, and it's basically spot the reference for most of the film, not all of them are in-your-face, which means the physical comedy and the one-liners get priority over the take-offs.great fun, one to watch twice if there ever was a movie.

i don't remember when i first heard about this movie, but i rented it about six years ago, and it still remains one of my favorite comedies. i will admit, you probably will despise this movie if you know nothing about rap music. but if you are a rap fan, even a casual one, you will love the inside jokes and references. one of the best lines in the movie is about the difference between a b**** and a h**; i still use this line today and get lots of laughs with it. one of the best performances comes from larry scott, who played nerd lamar in `revenge of the nerds'. it is unfortunate that this movie will likely never get a dvd release.

well i don't personally like rap, but i still found fear of a black hat hilarious. i'm sure i didn't get some inside jokes, but some i knew, and it was funny enough to make me laugh just after i'd stopped laughing. i'm a big fan of spinal tap, so naturally i had to check this out. it was deriviative from this is spinal tap, sometimes blatantly, but this film still stood on it's own as an original, intelligent, and funny satire. my personal favorite: "back in the time of slaves, they didn't have hats to protect them from the sun, so at the end of the day they were too tired to revolt. now we have hats."

. . . is just as good as the original. very nearly achieves greatness because of cundieff's remarkable ear for music and dialogue. skewers the self-important swagger of the hip-hop poseurs. the group "niggaz with hats" (nwh) are every rap group you ever heard and utterly self-parodic. wardrobe is unbelievable. buy the oop soundtrack if you can.

i am shocked. shocked and dismayed that the 428 of you imdb users who voted before me have not given this film a rating of higher than 7. 7?!?? - that's a c!. if i could give fobh a 20, i'd gladly do it. this film ranks high atop the pantheon of modern comedy, alongside half baked and mallrats, as one of the most hilarious films of all time. if you know _anything_ about rap music - you must see this!! if you know nothing about rap music - learn something!, and then see this! comparisons to 'spinal tap' fail to appreciate the inspired genius of this unique film. if you liked bob roberts, you'll love this. watch it and vote it a 10!

this movie is a great mocumentary. it follows the rap group, nwh, made up of ice cold, tasty taste and tone def through their unique path to gangster rap highs, lows and back to highs. through trouble with women, egos, cops and whitey, this group gets to the top of the gangster rap world, as this movie goes to the top of mocumentaries. i know everybodies favorite mocumentary is this is spinal tap, for very good reason, however i think that if in the right mood, this movie is simply better. the laughs never end, even for someone not into the rap culture.i'm a white guy, that has no interest in rap music, culture or anything else associated with it, however i love this movie. rusty cundeif, who wrote the screenplay, songs and starred in it showed great potential and it is a shame that i haven't seen him since fear of a black hat. however, i have seen him one more time than you have, and is that, that i recommend fear of a black hat to you for quick laughs.remember, "don't shoot to you see the whites!....of their eyes? no don't shoot to you see the whites."fym and enjoy the movie.

if you like cb4, you have no idea what you're missing if you haven't seen this film yet. this movie is crazy hilarious, and incorporates a lot more about the hip hop industry than any other parody movie... it is unfortunate that this movie has not been released on dvd because it is one movie that everybody i've ever watched it with has loved and wanted a copy. if you really want a good laugh and you like hip hop and are a little familiar with some old-school performers, definitley rent this movie. there aren't that many video rental places that have copies of it, but if you happen to come across one you will not be disappointed.

cb4 was awful, but it may have given cundieff the idea to it better. more like spinal tap than anything else, the film is clever from the start. surprising anyone who saw it back in the mid nineties. the performances are played for laughs but not so much so that they are cartoon characters, more like marx brothers. these guys are real and slightly diverse. they react to situations like any of us might. well, we may not throw a tantrum when our performance hats are late to the gig, or pull guns and beat down a record company exec, but you get the picture. n(n***as) w(with) h(hats) takes itself seriously enough to reel you in, then you're hooked. rent or get this at all costs, even if you're not really into rap music, this will still leave you gassing out loud. comparing this to cb4 is like comparing george lucas' star wars to gil gerards'buck rogers' i think you see my point

"fear of a black hat" is a superbly crafted film. i was laughing almost continuously from start to finish. if you have the means, i highly recommend viewing this movie it is, by far, the funniest movie i have had the pleasure to experience. grab your stuff!

i first saw this movie on some movie channel (hbo?) some time ago. i was a fan of public enemy, nwa and other early rap and had seen cb4 in theaters. anyway, the promo for it caught my eye, and i wanted to see what it was all about. well, right off the bat i knew it was going to be good (warning!) and i was right. the parody songs alone make this movie worth watching over and over (my peanuts), but the overall flow and delivery of the movie was great. you've got to love the satire of rap groups (obviously nwa), certain rappers (eazy e, flava flav, ice cube), and the humor of the three members of nwh. who can forget tone deaf scratching with his ass? it's too bad this movie didn't get the credit it deserved, as it was overshadowed by cb4 during their releases, but in my opinion is a much better film. if you know and like 90's 'gangster' rap, you'll be watching and laughing with this movie for a long time. if you aren't into or don't like 'rap', you'll enjoy the jokes at the expense of the genre.

i picked up the movie with no cover and not even knowing what it was, but when i watched it i laughed so hard. it is now one of my favorite movies of all time. rusty and the guys created a masterpiece i would highly recommend this movie to any one with a sense of humor. thank you rusty for giving us something to laugh at.

chances are, you'll think this movie is incredibly stupid the first time you watch it. but if, by chance, you watch it a second and third and fourth and fifth time (i'm well into the hundreds by now), you will find yourself spitting a line from it here and there and cracking yourself up! my friends and i have actually thrown fear of a black hat parties to get more of our friends, "as they say, down with the riots".

its too bad that no one knows anything about this movie, and it gets old telling people it's rap's version of spinal tap. and you know, im sorry i dont have any better comments, but damnit, go get the movie and watch it, and then make all your friends watch it too, just like im gonna.

having seen both "fear of a black hat" and "this is spinal tap", i can honestly state that while similar, both movies are truly must see. there will be many times in "fear" that will have you in hysterics. it is no wonder why both movies have such a huge cult following. "fear" will soon be available on dvd. rent it if you must, but the only way to fully enjoy this movie is to have it for yourself.

i first saw this movie about 4 years ago and i was expecting something funny, similar to cb4. i was blown away. i was on the floor laughing my butt off this movie is so great. way better than cb4, the characters, the songs, the plot, everything. top notch independent film that was given "two thumbs up" by siskel and egbert (and if two old white guys can understand the humour in this flick, you know it's good).

i cannot stop saying how much i loved this movie. this movie is one of the least known and one of the funniest movies i have ever seen. the movie follows the exploits of a rap group, nwh (ni#$%rs with hats) it goes from the beginning of the group to the end of the group, after it's tragic break up. following the group is documentary maker nina blackburn. the movie is on a shoestring budget, but it does not seem to matter, this is a very well made, well produced film and the performances by all of these actors and actresses are excellent. the main strength of this movie is the writing, there are so many brilliant lines and takeoffs on rap in this movie, it is unreal. spoilerthere are takeoffs on actual rappers, like mc slammer, vanilla sherbert, ice cold, tone def, tastey-taste, and songs (booty juice, grab your dick, etc.) rusty condieff has made an excellent film. in the movie he plays rapper ice cold. the movie does not quit, it is funny from the beginning to the end. the movie works so well because it becomes outlandish on occasion, but it strikes that line where it is funny without going too far out there. listening to the three leads try to talk some kind of philosophy was one of the best parts of the movie, like tone def telling a record producer, when you take the bus, you get there', and the producer responding, that's deep!'the group portraying n.w.h. has some sort of natural chemistry to them. they work so well together, and they manage to pull this movie of to where there is not a week moment in the film. what really makes this movie so good is how true to some of the rap groups of the time this movie is. many rap groups had problems with violence, with censors, and like nwa, the group only became popular when the establishment began to make a big deal out of the controversial lyrics.i like this movie because it is offensive. there is something here to offend everyone in a good natured way. the movie has a takeoff on a good number of people too outside of rap, the funniest being of spike lee. where they came up with this dialogue i cannot imagine. the movie has line after line that will have you rolling on the floor. as i said before the writing is just excellent.i am not surprised that this movie met such limited release. it is an intelligent, controversial, and even thought provoking film. this is too much for mainstream, despite the fact it is hilarious, and nearly flawless in it's production. there are no major stars, but a lot of familiar faces, including marc lawrence, who plays tone def. watch this movie, at the very least you will definitely have an opinion of it.

fear of a black hat is a hilarious spoof of hip-hop culture. it is just as funny as this is spinal tap, if not funnier. the actors are incredible and the documentary style is superb. mark christopher lawrence is a tremendous talent that should be starring in a lot more films. this film is a true cult classic!

i have zero interest rap and in ghetto culture, i'm white and like classic rock, however, that did not stop me from appreciating this fantastic comedy. its pretty much a sequel of this is spinal tap in the sense that it is the same movie, just about rap instead or rock. yet it's hilarious. there are many funny jokes but not without a few jokes that just fall flat. the characters are all very funny and believable. i watched just because it made me laugh at 3 a.m., and any movie that can do that warrants at least a test screening. one of the reasons why this movies was so funny was that it makes fun of rap from a different. rap today is concerned with the wrong things and get by with studio noise and little talent. this movie comes from a time where rappers deserved more credit. overall, it's a funny movie with many jokes about racism, sex and music culture among the more obvious themes of humor. this is highly recommend for any fan of this is spinal tap. they are essentially the same movie, just about different worlds, and yes, the same jokes work in both movies.

i first saw this movie when it came out in 1994 and just watched it recently and it is still funny. i don't know if you have to understand hiphop in the 90's, but it helps if you do. in the 90's when nwa and public enemy were at the top, there were internal strife within the groups and members when their separated ways (ice cube, easy e, etc). also there were the wanna b's, accessible rappers that start making the scene (vanilla ice, freedom williams from c&c music factory, etc). this movie makes fun of all of that in a way that seems like it's an actually documentary. kasi lemmons plays an interviewer that spends a year in the life of a fictitious rap group name n.w.h. the members of the group are ice code (rusty condieff/director), tasty taste (larry b scott/revenge of the nerds, and tone def (mark christopher lawrence). they are an up and coming rap group whose politics makes them controversial. whats good about this film is that it is so thourough in its portrayal of the hiphop industry of the 80s and they way it pokes fun at it. but, if you know 80's/90's rap, you know how much of this stuff is true. still, on it's own, without hip hop knowledge, it is still a funny funny movie. and for all of those who ask, yes spinal tap came first, but spinal tap is not the first spoof movie either. this, in my opinion is equally as funny and in some ways, better than spinal tap. as spinal tap is to heavy metal, fear of a black planet is to rap. and the songs are off the hook also. the dvd is chalk full of extras to include music videos of nwh as a group and as solo artists. brilliant performances by rusty condieff and larry b scott.

my, kasi lemmings certainly is a fair looking woman. this film is a lost gem, a dead-on satire "mockumentary" of the early 90's hip hop scene, when mc hammer had just began to fade away into that good night. we follow the three members of the nwh as they embark upon their picaresque journey of would-be riches and fame. and like nickolas nickleby, at the end, they finish their journey not far from where they started, but at least a little wiser and lot less naive. this is one of the best films that no one has ever heard of, but it's the kind of film you either love or hate, a lot like "company man" in this regard. i regard this movie like the 1000 islands of upstate new york: it's a wonderful little secret you want to keep to yourself.

i saw it in a posh movie theater where the audience is usually white, educated, and urban. the showing i attended had a sprinkling of african-americans, and it made the difference in audience-reaction between the two groups a wonderful social commentary on the state of race relations in this country. basically, the white folks were afraid to laugh or laughed nervously at the funny bits --and there are many! -- because they'd be "laughting at blacks", while the blacks also stayed pretty silent because many couldn't laugh at themselves in front of the whites. i, on the other hand, being asian (and thus belonging to neither group), had a great time viewing this satire of rap culture and its egos/trappings/values/pseudo-philosophies. the cast is talented and does at great job becoming the characters portrayed. the songs are too funny to be believed.this film is one of the best pseudo-documentaries to come along, including "a mighty wind"

i've just read the most recent remarks about this movie and i would like to respond. you're probably not familiar with the original story of rap group n.w.a. which dates back to the beginning in 1988, in 1989 ice cube left the band to go solo and ultimately in 1991, the band breaking up when dr.dre left. which led to a lot of beef starting with the departure of ice cube and dr.dre in 1991. this story was somewhat based on that.further more this movie was a 90 minute laughing spree, the way they explained the bootie juice song to be a political statement was hilarious. not to mention the "love song" tasty was hooking up. and when vanilla sherbert got his ass kicked, just like the record company executive is also hilarious and having they're managers getting shot every time too.people who didn't enjoy this movie probably didn't get it or were complete idiots, my opinion

this is a really funny film, especially the second, third and fourth time you watch it. it's a pretty short film, and i definitely recommend watching it more than once, you will 'get it' more the second time.it's like spinal tap but the rap version. it has a lot of attitude in it which can be a negative thing in rap influenced films, but it's just a total p**s take and isn't a problem because of the irony it creates.plenty of stand-out bits, one of those types of films which you will find yourself quoting lines with your mates, and it will raise laughter.my personal favourite part is the 'guerrillas in the midst' section. great video, superb!

okay, my title is kinda lame, and almost sells this flick short. i remember watching siskel & ebert in '94 talking about this movie, and then playing a clip or two. not being a rap-conscious guy (although i could identify snoop dogg, vanilla ice, and mc hammer music), i wasn't much interested when they started talking about the film. but then, s&e showed the scene where the band explains how they picked their name (using some "shady" logic and a bunch of "made up" facts), and then another scene where the band, and their rival band, both visit a school to promote getting involved (and, of course, nwh comes up with some "info" about how the rival band leader is a loser because he got good grades in school and was on the yearbook committee). so i filed it away that i should see this movie.a couple of years later, this thing shows up on hbo and i recorded it, only to laugh my butt off for hours. yes, it has a "spinal tap" kind of rhythm to it...even the documentarist takes essentially the same "tone" in setting up the clips, and the band follows a similar path (what i now call the "behind the music" phenomenon - smalltime band has good chemistry, gets famous, too much money too fast, squabbling, drugs, some type of death, band breaks up, then reconciles, finishing with a hope for more albums in the future, and fade to black). the one thing that is true is that in spinal tap, you catch the band perhaps with a little more success in their past. but tap drags at some points, and in my mind is reduced to laughs that are set up by specific scenes. oh, this is his rant about the backstage food, this is spot where he wants the amp to go to "eleven", this is the spot where the guy makes the pint-sized stonehenge, etc...contrasting to foabh, which seems to have more "unexpected" humor. you can see some of it coming, but there isn't a big setup for every joke. sometimes, the jokes just kinda flow. cundieff and the other actors in the band had a real chemistry that worked. also, the direct references to vanilla ice, hammer, and a bunch of other caricature-type rappers really worked well. this strikes me as a film you watch once to get the main story and laughs, and then go back and watch to catch the subtle jokes. and the songs. is "my peanuts" better than "big bottom" (from spinal tap)? i don't know - but they're both damn funny. tone def's awful video during his "awakening" phase is so bizarre, yet so funny.i could go on awhile, but save your time and don't waste it on cb4. i watched the first half hour, and got bored. you don't get bored on foabh. there are slightly less funny moments, but you can never tell when something good is about to happen. perhaps my favorite scene is when ice cold and tastey taste (name ripoffs if i've ever heard any) discover they've been sharing the same girl....at one point, you've got those two pointing guns at each other, and the next thing you know, the manager, the photographer, the girl, and i think even tone def are in the room pointing guns at each other, switching targets back and forth. and, of course, someone does get shot.i did find it odd that nwh's managers suffered similar fates to spinal tap's drummers (although none spontaneously combusted, i don't think). there were enough similarities that i cannot ignore the likelihood that cundieff saw "spinal tap" prior to writing this film, although this is clearly much more the spinal tap of hip-hop. while some similarities exist, the humor is different, and the movie seems more like a real documentary (maybe because we don't recognize a single actor in this thing, even the guy who played "lamar" from "revenge of the nerds"). all in all, this movie has, in my opinion, "street cred". kinda like nwh.

i'm too old to know (or care) exactly what the difference between rap and hip-hop is. and, being canadian, it's likely that i've never actually seen mtv, but i'm not certain.but i thought this film was very funny when i saw it, a bright little satire. hip-hop culture is so pervasive these days that it's difficult not to keep hearing about it over and over. (if only we could say the same about bagpipe music.) i got most of the jokes (at least i think i did). sure, it's derived from spinal tap, but there are lots of targets that could stand a tap treatment. just not the carpenters, they're sacred.

after a big tip of the hat to spinal tap, this movie is hilarious. anyone who grew up watching mtv will love it and if you didn't, rent it anyway,the "my peanuts" and "a gangster's life" videos are worth the three bucks alone.

rated r for strong language,violent content and some nudity. quebec rating:13+ canadian home video rating:14afear of a black hat is one of the funniest, most original comedies i have ever seen.its basically a gangsta rap version of the film this is spinal tap.its a shame not many people have heard of this gem of a film.if you manage to find this film anywhere don't hesitate to buy it even if you don't like rap music.there are not too many comedy films that i give a perfect 10/10 to.the only ones i can think of at the moment are this film,clerks,the world according to garp,the 40 year old virgin and chasing amy.this film is a hilarious stereotype of the gangsta rap culture.the movie is about a woman named nina blackburn who is making a documentary about the fictional rap group n.w.h(n****z with hats).they are basically the stereotype of a rap group making many controversial rap songs about killing and being a gangsta.fear of a black hat is an excellent comedic film and i recommend it even if you are not a fan of the gangsta rap scene.its a shame this film is not in the top 250.runtime:88min 10/10

"fear of a black hat" is everything the (much weaker) "cb-4" should have been. rusty cundieff's satirical eye is ruthless, as he folds, spindles, and mutilates every aspect of hip-hop trends and culture. does "foabh" resemble spinal tap? yes, a bit. is it derivative of spinal tap? no, not really. the aim is more focused, the satire is better focused, and to be honest, it's funnier.

i truly enjoyed the movie, however, i did not realize that little richard had so many things going on in his life. first of all i was not aware of lucille. there is very little (hardly any) mention of females being intimately involved with little richard. even in his life today there is no mention of any involvement of females in a romantic way. i wonder why this part of his life was not mentioned. overall the movie was great. i also did not like leon playing the part of little richard, he is a good actor but i feel that the part of should have went to a different actor. visually he did not remind me of little richard. i also was totally unaware of the promiscuity that little richard was a part of. from the movie he was pictured as a sexual addict. in todays time he would be referred to counseling for his sexual addition. he was a voyeur. i don't want to ruin the movie for someone that has not seen the movie however there were several things about the movie that i feel should not have been a part of the final cut.

actually they could not have chosen a better diversified actor to portray little richard than leon. he captures little richard to a most believable essence. the outfits where wonderful and any person watching this movie will definitely keep a smile on their face through the entire movie. although the movie is a little long, it keeps your attention with the personality and outfits of little richard in mind. the ending should have taken a direction of moving little richard more into the present where you could see him as he has aged into this new millennium. he will always be the king of rock-n-roll as far as i am concerned regardless of what the other media says.

tressa's vocal performance was outstanding!! tressa played the female singer role, while richard was in the club. when she first step out on stage, and started to riff and strut her stuff, it made my soul shake. her voice is platinum. she needs to make a cd. she has more fans then she realizes. i loved her show stopping performance in the five heart beats, which she also starred with leon when she was younger. how can a little girl have a voice so big. she is truly amazing.good voice good good good good voice voice voice voice excellent voice fantastic voice , back shaking , tear crying , uplifting, take you back in the days voice. tressa if you read this commit, please take my advice and start recording a cd. if not just for the love of singing, but for your fans. i believe you can truly make it. look at these other one hit single studio singers, lol.

it is fitting on a musical sunday to get your heart a pumping, and no one can do that better than little richard. the man could sing the drawers off the ladies and defined rock and roll.look to leon to provide a definitive characterization, as he has done so with david ruffin in the temptations and jackie wilson in mr. rock 'n' roll: the alan freed story.this was a fascinating biopic as we saw little richard struggle with his father, with his church and with himself over just who he was. he won the battle and there is no one else that has his voice or his style.

it is always a nice suprise when a film made for tv turns out to be entertaining such as little richard. this is a very watchable film about the story of rock and roller ,little richard played by an actor called leon who i have never seen before but does an very good job. as most tv films , this is a little tamer than if made for cinema which is a shame because i am sure there is lot we could have seen about little richard that was controversial. instead we see a lot religous rubbish which is the only thing that spoils the film and eventually spoilt a very promising career. all in all this film is good and the acting is above average fot a tv film. 7 out of 10.

leon was fantastic as always, this time playing little richard in his early years. the movie showed a fully fleshed out little richard without neglecting to fill the show with lots of great music. my only complaint is that the ending was a little abrupt - i was hoping for a 2-parter!

i really liked this movie, it was good, and the actors were brilliant! leon robinson, who played richard, and many other classic singers, is very good at his job, when you see him in a musical movie, you know that it is going to be good! i would suggest that people watch this heart warming, sad, and special movie, if they want to know more about richard! outstanding! fresh!

the life and time of little richard, as told by little richard, as produced and directed by little richard, was about as one sided as one of his songs. this is not a biography or even a docudrama, but does have good writing, great energy and an outstanding leading actor playing richard. all the music is by little richard, so it rocks a tight lipsync on every song.the movie covers his early childhood, carrys thru the formative years in music, the wild success and richard's throwing it all away to praise the lord. its all tied together well and the obvious comeback in 1962 manages to stay away from the idea that little richard discovered the beatles, whom opened for him.my main objection is that his outrageous, counter cultural behavior is underplayed and you get no feel for how his audience experienced him at that time. some of his energy, which he still has, does not come across full force. he seemed tame, compared to what i remember of him at the time.the best scenes are richard getting jilted by lucille and writing a song about it and the strip to bikini shorts while performing, to make the point about not having a decent place to change.if they had gotten into the "bronze liberace" as richard use to refer to himself in interviews, then there's a story. trust me i just saw him perform a couple of months ago and he still flirts with the pretty white boys, giving the one particularly good dancer in the audience, his headband. nearly 68 and still going strong i recommend this movie and any concert or t.v. appearance you can find. little richard is always on

first of all, i think the below comment is unworthy for a site like this. obviously you have no taste and you don't respect the taste of others. not to give you a history lesson but i think it needs to be done. black actors out there are just, if not more, successful as others. if you are not a part of the "black" race you cannot understand the quality, creativeness, and vibrant of old movies such as "sparkle" and "mahogany" and "cooley high." since unfortunately you are not black, you do not have the pleasure of feeling what we feel when we watch these classics, so therefore you need to keep your freaking mouth shut and just stick to your non-dancing race. thanks.

the movie was actually a romantic drama based on three sisters who had desires to become a famous girl group. in their endeavors, the oldest sister meets a drug dealer and street hustler called satin, whom sister goes after because she believes he is the "big time" who will give her everything she ever thought she wanted out of life. though he could be accused of killing her, he really kills only her spirit and will to live, after which she becomes a drug addict and ultimately dies from an overdose. the story isn't about the street life or the italian mobster who tries to buy stix off, then threatens him, it's about how love can overcome even the worst tragedies in life as portrayed in song and style and the character that was the life in the times for young women trying to be "discovered" back then.

standard rise to fame tale that has a few high points. number one, lonette mckee as sister who gives a stunning, star making performance. the fact that she never became a huge sensation after this is beyond me. sadly, she is a supporting character and we are forced to focus on irena carter's bland character, sparkle, whose rise to fame is easy, boring, and unconvincing. however, whenever the girls go on stage and perform, the movie comes back to life. the original music by curis mayfield must be praised. the copy i saw was a very old vhs tape. the picture quality was pretty low, as well as the production values i'm guessing. all in all, its worth a gander.

i watched this movie every chance i got, back in the seventies when it came out on cable. it was my introduction to harlem, which has fascinated me (and bill clinton) ever since. i was still very young, and the movie made a big impression on me. it was great to see a movie about other young girls growing up, trying to decide whom they wanted to be, and making some bad choices as well as good ones. i was dazzled by lonette mckee's beauty, the great dresses they eventually got to wear, and the snappy dialogue. as someone being raised by a single mother as well, i could really identify with these girls and their lives. it's funny, these characters seem almost more real to me than beyonce knowles!

a remarkable example of cinematic alchemy at work, with a trite'n'turgid lump of lead script (penned by numbingly mediocre hollywood hack nonpareil jole schumacher, no less) being magically converted into a choice chunk of exquisitely gleaming 24-carat musical drama gold thanks to brisk direction, fresh, engaging performances, spot-on production values, a flavorsome recreation of 50's era new york, an infectiously effervescent roll-with-the-punches tone, and a truly wondrous rhythm and blues score by the great curtis mayfield.the story, loosely based on the real life exploits of the supremes, prosaically documents the arduous rags-to-riches climb of three bright-eyed, impoverished black teenage girl singers who desperately yearn to escape their ratty, unrewarding ghetto plight and make it big in the razzle-dazzle world of commercial r&b music. all the obvious pratfalls of instant wealth and success -- egos run destructively amok, drugs, corruption, fighting to retain your integrity, and so on -- are predictably paraded forth, but luckily the uniformly excellent work evident in the film's other departments almost completely cancels out schumacher's flat, uninspired plotting. the first-rate acting helps out a lot. irene cara, lonette mckee, and dwan smith are sensationally sexy, vibrant and appealing leads -- and great singers to boot. comparably fine performances are also turned in by a charmingly boyish pre-"miami vice" philip michael thomas as the group's patient, gentlemanly manager, dorian harewood as mckee's venal, aggressively amorous hound dog boyfriend, and perennial blaxploitation baddie tony ("hell up in harlem," "bucktown") king as a dangerously seductive, smooth operating, stone cold nasty gangster. the tone dips and dovetails from funny and poignant to melancholy and blithesome without ever skipping a beat, deftly evolving into a glowing, uplifting ode to the human spirit's extraordinary ability to effectively surmount extremely difficult and intimidating odds.veteran editor sam o'stern acquits himself superbly in his directorial debut. bruce surtees' luminescent cinematography and gordon scott's expert editing are both flawless. o'stern's firm grasp of period atmosphere, keen eye for tiny, but telling little details, and unerring sense of busy, unbroken pace are just as impressive. no fooling about curtis mayfield's impeccable soundtrack contributions, either. "jump," "what can i do with this feeling," "givin' up," "take my hand precious lord," "lovin' you baby," and "look into your heart" are all terrifically tuneful, soulful, almost unbelievably fantastic songs, with the sweetly sultry love jones number "something he can feel," which was later covered by both aretha franklin and en vogue, clearly copping top musical honors as the best-ever song in the entire movie. the net result of all these above cited outstanding attributes persuasively illustrates that sometimes it's not the screenplay so much as what's done with said script which in turn determines a film's overall sterling quality.

an excellent movie. superb acting by mary alice, phillip m. thomas, and a young irene cara. tony king was very realistic in his role of satin. this movie was one of the last predominately "all black" movies of the 70's and unlike the "blaxploitation" movies of that era, this movie actually had a plot, and was very well done. the movie soundtrack, sung by aretha franklin, was popular on the r&b charts at the time.

i was 5 years old when i saw this musical movie while on vacation with my family in st. thomas in 1977 and immediately fell in love with it. 27 years later, it is still an original inspiration for achieveing my goals that i have set to accomplish since that time!this tragic story of a hard-core "behind the scenes" of the entertainment industry during the late 50's, "sparkle" successfully portrays the struggle of three young sisters looking for their place in the sun. this story could simply become the biographical story of many young aspiring artists about what could materialize when things seem to happen too fast and role models are not available to lend a helping hand.the phenomenal music written and composed by aretha franklin and curtis mayfield, the soundtrack carries the plot with every song. from being subjected to situations that almost leave no choice for strong long-term decision-making, to making the ultimate sacrifice in order to get ahead, all three young girls, sparkle, sister, and delores, represent the different routes that one could take when you set out to achieve your ideal opportunity as your contribution to society.this movie could have possibly spawned the ideas of creating "dreamgirls" on broadway, and mariah carey's "glitter," 25 years later. as an original audience member of both productions, i have seen a lot of similarities in both stories to "sparkle," as well as in "saturday night fever," "fame," "flashdance," and the off-broadway smash hit "mama, i want to sing."

i loved this film, at first the slick graphics seemed odd with the grainy footage but i quickly got into it. there must have been thousands of hours of footage shot and i really admire the work done in cutting it down. if you're easily shocked by drugs or violence it might not be the film for you but there are some great characters here, (and some real tossers). technically i liked it a lot too, they must have used a new de-interlacing algorithm or maybe it was just that the footage looked so dark anyway but i wasn't annoyed by the usual artifacts seen in video to film transfers. (open water drove me nuts, mostly because there are cheap, progressive cameras available now and i see no excuse in not shelling for one if you intend to screen in the cinema). sorry that's my own little rant. i definitely recommend this film if you've ever been involved with the music scene, it has some tragic moments but most of it is hilarious, i might be accused of laughing at others misfortune but it's a classic piece.

i should admit first i am a huge fan of the dandy warhols, and that is the reason i came watching this film.the uniqueness of this film, compared to other modern rockumentaries, is that it's not just about one page of a band's history (like "i am trying to break your heart", about wilco), but rather covers long period of the band's history. in this movie, director/producer ondi timoner closely followed friends/rivals the brian jonestown massacre (bjm) and the dandy warhols (dw) for more than 8 years (1995 - 2003) and shoot tremendous 1500 hours of raw video, cut than to 1:45 hours (the future dvd release will contain much more material than the original film). the result is astonishing - there are no fillers - the film is 100% pure and genuine archive footage, which gives you feeling as film progresses that you live with the bands, through all these years.both bands in the start of their careers promised to "make a revolution" in the music making, and not to sell their souls to the devil of "record industry". however, their paths quickly diverged - the dandy warhols signed a contract with capitol records and became relatively popular (especially in europe) after only one album, while the brian jonestown massacre (with its self-destruction-bound leader anton newcombe) dissolved into oblivion (at least how it is portrayed in the film). and the movie follows the descent of the brian jonestown massacre, contrasted by the ascent of the dandy warhols.first, i was delighted by the movie and its approach of telling the story of anton newcombe (for example, courtney taylor - the leader of the dandy warhols - narrates), but after some thinking i realized that something is wrong with this film.first, it treats anton newcombe as a disappeared person. the project started in 1995 as a documentary about several promising emerging groups, in which anton newcombe and ondi timoner were equal partners (that was the reason why all these years ondi timoner had unmediated access to the both bands). it was anton newcombe who brought the dandy warhols into the project. in the end he was ignored completely, as if he was kicked out of the project. everybody talk about bjm, but he does not take part in the discussion. i guess he wasn't even informed when the group started the final editing process. there are always both sides of the story, and here we have only one... of course, as one would expect, anton does not approve the final result and sees this movie as a betrayal of his former friends.second, the film is very dandy warhols-biased. sure, the winner takes it all, but the fact that courtney taylor (leader of dw) narrates (even though it seems a good choice - it provides a feeling of seemingly closer involvement) and that bands' late history is represented nonproportionally (bjm is covered till 1997, and dw - till 2003), does not add objectivity to the film.third, the movie is (somewhat) shallow. what does it want to teach us? as one critic said: "... movie examines old questions: where does genius fit into a commodified world? can it thrive and get its due, or does it need to self-destruct to preserve its integrity?" no, it does not examine these questions! it just depicts a story of a brilliant, but unsuccessful musician, narrated by a less brilliant, but successful one, who indulges in self-assurance and eternal coolness of an ego greater than mountain.anyway, the movie was fun - it's raw, it's fresh, it's stylish, it's ... just god damn interesting, at least for the dw or bjm fans. for the rest of the crowd - i don't know...

dig! i would say to anyone even if you don't like metallica to see 'some kind of monster' it is a spinal tap type documentary about one of the biggest bands in the world acting like mental kids during a breakdown of sorts. it's fun and fascinating. along the same lines comes dig! a film about 'the dandy warhol's' and 'the brian jonestown massacre' two portland bands who start off a kind of music scene in there home town only for one of the bands to become huge and one to fall by the wayside into the musical history books. right from the start the two bands pull in opposite directions just on their ability to make decisions whether good or bad. filmed over seven years and at times painful to watch we see the dandy's meteoric rise to fame (thanks to that vodaphone ad!) and the jonestown seminal fall from scene instigators to bickering wannabes. as the bands become more disjointed the friendships are stretched tension tight and at several points snap into arguments and even on stage fights. all of this is half funny and half tragic and believe it or not is perversely watch able. like i said at the beginning you can watch the metallica film even if you have no interest in the band. dig! on the other hand is slightly different and is more enjoyable and a whole lot easier to watch if you have a passing interest in either band. still a good film and more a testament to not be in a band than encouraging that as a career path. dig! is a mad ride on rock and roll's coat tails and a fine example of the pitfalls and pleasures of being or wanting to be famous.

damn, was that a lot to take in. i was pretty much mesmerised throughout. it was pretty perfect, though i would say the editing had a lot to do with that. i can't believe this guy stayed on good terms with the lot of them (anton especially) to get all of this footage without any serious... beef. the dandy's did come off well-together, middle-class kids who took advantage of their situation (and rightly so!). i felt bad for jonestown and especially for anton, which maybe wasn't what a lot of other people felt. great piece of film-making and great choice of subject(s). i recommend this to any music/film fan. you'll probably learn something about film-making.

shot into car from through the windscreen, someone is playing someone else their latest song, someone else didn't react, according to the voice-over. i just wonder how that came to be made. there were too many scenes in this movie that i wondered about how come a camera was there. if the scenes shot where the warhols descended on a bjm post-party are true then that was inexcusable exploitation to the max, if not, then it was a total fabrication, either way it made me uncomfortable, if that was the purpose? all the way thru this movie i kept wondering how the footage came about. taken at face value, a nice portrait of the (tortured) genius we all believe ourselves to be.

i first saw this film when i was flipping through the movie channels on my parents directv. it was on the sundance channel and was just starting. i love music, especially late 60s and this is what the bjm sounded like (the dandys are alright). everything about the brian jonestown massacre intrigued me from the music, to anton and joel's personalities, to the illicit drug use. it was funny because as i was watching the first party scene when everyone is doing lines my parents walked by and decided to watch (the look on their faces were priceless). anyways this is definitely one of my favorite movies because it introduced me to the brian jonestown massacre who is now my favorite band of all time.just watch it... seriously

although dig! was being hailed as being closest to what the music industry is like it is highly fabricated. the director has misled the audience into believing the brian jonestown massacre disappeared off the face of the earth post-'98. and the rivalry between the dandy warhols and jonestown has been milked. the truth of the matter is not really exposed in this film.that said this film is endlessly quotable and is an interesting watch as we get a look at two groups of very talented musicians creating their art. one of the best things this film has going for it is a unique perspective between the indie music scene and the larger corporate scene.recommended mostly for the music and the two fantastic bands.

anton newcombe makes the film and he is the main subject. watching him knock up a song if not a whole album quickly showed the guy to be a real talent. he thinks he is god but is so prollific and interesting. the dw are not really that interesting in comparison musicly or otherwise. "hey, do you haver a drivers license?" ,anton says to the cameraman, "well lets go pawn this guitar!". great use of archive/ home video material. great to see rock docs still being made. a cool doc about the creative process. if you like this go see nirvana live! tonight! sold out! on dvd. a good experience anton is this film. 8 out of 10

i recently rented this doc, having remembered hearing about it from imdb.com and being intrigued by the premise. i knew very little about either of these bands, but i do remember hearing "not if you were the last junkie on earth" by the dandy warhols ages ago and enjoying it. that being said, this is my perspective on the doc:one thing i found incredible about this film is there is no need to have any prior knowledge of either of these bands. the director (ondi timoner) wastes no time in engaging the audience and familiarizing them with the people in this film. i quickly became grooved to the lives both anton and courtney as well as their respective bands, the brian jonestown massacre and the dandy warhols. i think that is part of what makes this doc so good, and what makes ondi timoner such a master documentarian.i also loved how the "story" of these bands was told. most of what you see is of the bands on tour. both bands start out playing small venues and struggling to make it in the recording industry. throughout the film, each band strives to remain unique and uncontrolled by the norm. however it is this that makes the two bands similar, and thus the brilliant perspective on how two bands of a feather can go in such different directions.i would basically recommend this for anyone who likes film in general. you do not need to have a particular love for documentaries, or either of the bands. an appreciation for music helps, but the music itself takes a backseat to the love/hate relationship between the brian jonestown massacre and the dandy warhols.

to suggest anton newcombe of the brian jonestown massacre could also use some therapy is putting it mildly. in dig! which won the grand jury prize at sundance, we watch him and his band self-sabotage over seven years, while ex-friends and contemporaries the dandy warhols rise to comparative greatness (a mobile phone advert, anyway).what elevates dig! above its contemporaries is the immense, near-biblical comic-tragedy being played out: a depressingly honest treatise on art versus commerce and compromise. for all his "look at me, i'm a bloody genius" posturing, newcombe is in fact revealed to be a singularly gifted, if immensely troubled, musician - far more talented than his rival, the dandy's courtney taylor who narrates the picture. if newcombe is dennis hopper, taylor's peter fonda.even sadder, taylor appears to realise this, evinced by his weary, self-loathing voice-over: he knows his band won the battle - but at what cost? in truth, they sold out, made indie-lite records, kept their teeth nice and clean, and probably brushed their hair twice before bedtime - thus winning record contracts and a large tour bus. and jettisoning all credibility in the process. newcombe, on the other hand, lives in filth, is continually busted, beats up fellow band members on stage, kicks hecklers in the head - and is last glimpsed in dig! being ferried away by police, having lost the right to see his child.two of the best films about rock's subculture have been directed by women: penelope spheeris's the decline of western civilization and this one  an instant classic the moment it was released.

anton newcombe and courtney taylor are friends, they both are the leads in their own respective bands; anton with the brian jonestown massacre and courtney with the dandy warhols. what's interesting about their friendship is that they are rivals; its a love hate relationship. at times you both hear them praising one another, but the next second they are complaining at how stupid and self absorbed they are. while the dandy warhols went on the reach commercial success, bjm still was stuck in the underground scene; and for good reason why.the focus of dig! is more towards anton and the bjm, as they have a lot more substance. they are the most dysfunctional band. during gigs they will fight and bash each other. anton will hit other members if he feels they aren't performing correctly. with the amount of drugs an alcohol they consume, fight was always waiting to happen. you know how people go to car races just to see if a huge car crash happens; that's why people would go to their gigs, for the fights. anton is very unstable. always thinking himself as a music messiah, he wants to change music and create a revolution, but he could never get out of the underground. he is a very talented musician, its amazing how many instruments he can play and with such skill. but his draw back is he cant escape the world he created; a prolific musician stuck in a black hole drugs, alcohol and depression. on the other side, the dandy warhols were having their own troubles. they didn't find much success with their first album and were constantly fighting with their record label. but they found huge success in europe. but courtney keeps being sucked back into the world of anton. its interesting that both anton and courtney both had what the other needed. courtney always wanted to be musically talented as anton, though anton wouldn't say it, he needed the commercial success that the dandy's had, to make his revolution.over the seven year course the film crew followed these two bands, there is a lot of footage. there is never a dull moment in dig!. it is constantly moving along as it doesn't have time to slow down as it has to much to say, seven years of story telling in the 1h 45mins is a hard job. ondi timoner has done a great job of piecing together one of the best music documentaries that makes you always wanting more. even if you don't like the bands it still deserves viewing; it transcends the music to reveal a great story of a successful failure.you wont be disappointed.

the movie is about anton newcombe. the music and careers of the two bands are simply backdrop. it's only fair that newcombe have the last word about the film, which at this writing you can find in the "news" section at the brianjonestownmassacre website. i'd link it here but imdb won't permit it.documentarians are limited by what the camera captures, as well as by the need to assemble a cohesive narrative from the somewhat-random occasions when chance has put the camera lens on a sight-line with relevant happenstance. in dig!, fortune smiled on the dandy warhols, capturing their rise to the status of pop-idol candidates, as they formed slickly-produced pop confections for mass consumption, most notably "bohemian like you," a song that made them global darlings thanks to a euro cell phone ad. no such luck for brian jonestown massacre. the film captures little of what made the original bjm lineup great, with the sole exception of a single montage, lasting a minute or so, showing newcombe creating/recording a number of brief instrumental parts, unremarkable in themselves, and concluding the sequence with a playback of the lush, shimmering sounds that had to have been in newcombe's mind and soul before they could enter the world.three commentaries accompany the film; one by the filmmakers, and two by the members of the bands (the bjm track is solely former members, and without newcombe). both the warhols and bjm alumni point up this montage sequence as the "best" bit in the film, and i'd agree that, given the film's focus on anton newcombe, it is the only part of the film that sheds proper light on his gift, and seems too brief to lend proper balance to this attempted portrait of the "tortured artist."interesting thing about commentaries is that, unlike film, they are recorded in real time -- one long take -- which can be more honestly revelatory than a documentary that takes shape primarily through editing.the dandies do not come off well in their comments. if the rock and roll world extends the experience of high school life for its denizens -- as i believe it does -- the dandies are the popularity-obsessed preppy types, the ones who listen to rock because it's what their peers do, while the bjm crew come off as the half-rejected, half-self-exiled outsiders (to insiders like the dandies, "losers") that are the real rock spirit. bjm's joel gion, who talks a lot, nails the film's message for me when he says (paraphrasing): "you can't forget that anton has been able to do the only thing he ever said he wanted to do. make a lot of great music."the dandies, meanwhile, laugh too easily at every outrageous display in the course of newcombe's meltdown (all the bjm footage here ends at 1997, before newcombe quit heroin). courtney taylor-taylor's discounting of newcombe's commitment to his vision is summed up as follows: "he's 37 and still living in his car. you can download all his work at his website. he was so tired of being ripped off by everyone else, he's giving it all away. he could be making a mint." you can practically hear him shaking his head in disbelief.the film's shortcomings can't be blamed on the filmmakers; rather it's the difficulties of the documentary form, and the loss of cooperation by the film's subject, that makes this portrait of newcombe so fragmentary. but it's likely the best we will get, outside of his music.i only rented disc one, which has the feature. most of the extras are on disc two. not renting that, as i've put in my order to buy the set.

dig! is funny, fun, amusing, interesting, stylish, and very well done. knowing that it was made on such a shoestring budget over 7 years it is amazing that such a story can be told, especially with such style and substance. if you are a music fan or documentary fan this is a must see.focusing on the brian jonestown masssacre and the dandy warhols over the years is a brilliant way to show the contrast between a decent band who meets with moderate success through perseverance and the ability to compromise and a genius megalomaniacal lead singer backed up by a varied cast of characters who sabotage their own success through drugs, alcohol, and insanity. if i did not know that this is footage of real people, i would swear it was an incredibly well written and imaginative scripted piece. the story is compelling, concise, and simply amazing.

a really cool flick. a must for any music snob. you don't really have to know about the bands to enjoy the movie. before the movie, i only heard only two songs from the dandy warhols. the only thing is required is an open mind. the movie centers around the brian jonestown massacre. the dandy warhols have a role in the film, as the 'rival band,' but they are second fiddle to the bjm. the dandy warhols don't play as big of a role in the film as i originally guessed, but then again, they didn't have the element of excitement and unpredictability of the bjm.you can't help but be fascinated by the band and its very charismatic front man, anton newcombe. by itself, it's an insightful film and study on the music industry. just watch this film and enjoy.

rock n' roll is a messy business and dig! demonstrates this masterfully. a project of serious ambition, and perhaps foolhardiness, the filmmaker is able to mend together seven tumultuous years of following around two unwieldy rock groups. with that said, the abundance of quality material ensures the film's ability to captivate the audience. if you've ever been interested in any realm of the music industry, this movie will undoubtedly be an arresting viewing. the music in the film, although it suffers minimally from requisite cutting and pasting, is worth the price of admission alone. the morning after i saw dig! i went straight to the record store to pick up a brian jonestown massacre album (i was already initiated to the dandy warhols' sounds). primarily defined by its exploration of rock music, the film succeeds at other profound levels. dig! is a sincere, and sufficiently objective, glance into the destructive and volatile nature of the creative process and the people that try to wrangle those forces.

excellent documentary, ostensibly about the friendship and subsequent rivalry between two west coast retro rock'n'roll bands: the dandy warhols and the brian jonestown massacre. what it actually turns out to be is a portrait of a borderline psychopath - anton newcomb - and his tortured relationship with the rest of the world. interestingly, for a music documentary, there is hardly any music. what there is - snatches of songs, more often than not aborted by the performers - is incidental rather than central. although the protagonists are musicians, the story is not about music but rather about a particularly american version of a british myth of a cartoon lifestyle, ie, one where nobody has to take responsibility for behaving like spoiled adolescents on a full-time basis. tantrums, drugs, violence, grossly dysfunctional attitudes, egomania on a truly epic scale - all of this is excused or positively encouraged because it conforms to some collectively held idea about what rock'n'roll is about. as a film this is a first-class documentary but it raises more questions than it answers. for example, why is anton's music so conservative? for someone so wild and outrageous (and he is wild and outrageous) his music never seems to have progressed beyond the most obvious derivations of his 60s idols (the stones, velvets etc.) for someone who claims to be able to play 80 instruments he has never bothered to learn to play any one of them beyond the most rudimentary level. similarly, the dandy warhols burning ambition is based on a vision of rock'n'roll which is astonishingly fossilised in 1969. nothing wrong with pastiches, of course, but surely there's more to musical life than perpetually acting out a cartoon from the late 60s. why don't they take some risks with their music - in the way that their role models did? because, one suspects, this is not about music. music is just an accessory, a prop, or an excuse, to lead completely dysfunctional and irresponsible lives. but why? in the dandy warhols case, the answer is obvious: to make lots of money and be famous. big deal. anton newcomb's case is more interesting. he is obviously very talented, but every time he is given an opportunity to reach a wider audience he sabotages it, usually in the most dramatic way possible. he is terrified of success, and at the same time, deeply resents anyone else who has it - especially his former friends the dandy warhols. fascinating movie. highly recommended.

i couldn't find anyone to watch dig! with me because no one i knew was a fan of either of the bands. naturally everyone assumed you can only enjoy this film if you like the music of either the dandy warhols or the brian jonestown massacre, but this is so far from the truth. the only requirement is that you have an interest in music and/or pop culture in general. the way in which the careers of the two groups are paralleled is a perfect representation of the paths a band can take, and watching the public eat up and spit out the dandy warhols is fascinating. i agree with other reviews that mention it would be nice to get a final word from anton himself, since he's clearly depicted as his own worst enemy and the bulwark to the band's ability to just remain.most interesting to me is the dandys' respect for the bjm (despite their lack or reciprocation) and for anton (despite his erratic behavior). the dandy warhols respect the art the group produces even if the group hates everything the dandy warhols now stand for (although that's disputable). the best line is when the drummer for the dandy's says "i won't have them anywhere new me again" and the guitarist unconsciously blurts out "i'll still buy their records though." to me, this just shows how powerful good music can be.definitely see this movie, even if you know nothing of either band. it's more about the themes of rock music and how they develop that makes this film so interesting. it's rare to follow a group so closely for so long.

a documentary about two rocks bands, spanning a number of years. brian jonestown massacre and the dandy warhols. what makes it special is the examination of the complex contrasting personalities and the ironies of success and failure.anton newcombe, the main man of brian jonestown massacre, is widely recognised as a musical genius not only by his colleagues, his friends and rivals the dandy warhols, but also by record producers and most people who have worked with him. sadly he and his band members are also incapable of integrating with the real world. newcombe picks fights with band members on stage or with members of the audience (getting arrested at one point for literally kicking in the head of a fan). newcombe knows no limits  he plays between 40 and 100 different instruments, writes and produces all bjm's music, can produce enough songs to fill a whole album in a single day, has a prophet-like obsessiveness with his own musical genius, but is also a heavy drugs user, flies into rages at the slightest compromise of his own artistic integrity, orders his band members about as if they are lower forms of life, and can blow deals as fast as he makes them. bjm go through a large number of record labels in fast succession  they sign them up as soon as they realise newcombe's talents and let them go as soon as they realise he is totally uncontrollable.the warhols acknowledge their debt to newcombe's creativity and don't even put themselves in the same exalted sphere of greatness  but the warhols have something that bjm don't  the ability to integrate their talents with common sense, the real world, and their market  as a mixing pot of talent (even if much of it is distilled from guru newcombe) and accessibility, they are the very definition of 'cool.' dig! follows the parallel careers of the two bands with increasing poignancy. at one point, newcombe pulls stunts designed to generate publicity by sending apparent death threats and hate messages to the warhols (in a box containing live ammunition and insults like a bar of soap 'to clean up their act')  only he forgets to tell them it's a stunt and they get so paranoid they take out a restraining order against newcombe. by the time the dandy warhols take off in europe with hits like 'every day should be a holiday' and 'bohemian like you', newcombe is becoming increasingly isolated. bjm are stopped and the band breaks up when they are arrested for possession of marijuana  the warhols get busted for drugs around the same time, let off with a warning, and even allowed to keep the grass.the wider appeal of dig! is that the lessons of genius versus accessibility go way beyond two bands or even rock music. the downside is that it is still a documentary, however intimate, and it will mostly only appeal to dedicated film fans or people who are already interested in the music of one or both of the featured bands. newcombe may well be a largely unrecognised genius, and there are feint glimpses of this in the film, but to the unattuned ear there is little more than the assertions of the people interviewed to attest to this. in the words of one of the band members: "in every spiritual tradition, you burn in hell for pretending to be god and not being able to back it up." newcombe isn't pretending  but numerically there are maybe still insufficient people to appreciate him in his own lifetime, and dig! has an uphill struggle to rectify the balance in favour of a tortured but largely unrecognised genius.

spoilers contained in order to make a observation.twenty years on from 1984, this film speaks loads about prince's future in the music industry.there is a scene that sums up prince's musical output of the last 10 years perfectly, which is if you took the best two songs off his last 10 albums you would have one fantastic album!the scene plays like this. prince runs off to his dressing room after playing one song and the owner of the club enters the dressing room to give prince an earful about his fall from grace during the 90's and putting out albums that only the most hardcore fans would be able to tolerate and support his artistry.club owner- "you're not packing them like you used to. the only person that digs your music is yourself!"spooky huh! how about the musical underscore which makes prince even more evil when he smacks apollonia to the ground in two separate scenes! it gave me chills that that was not the only scene women where mistreated in this film.i'm all for the comedy sparring's between morris day and jerome benton as these two stole every scene they were in. but what was funny about throwing a woman into a trash can? that was plain nasty! the other nasty bit was the chalk outline of prince's father on the floor thoughtfully provided by the minnieapolis police, which causes prince to go even more loony!! fantastic!!purple rain is an entertaining film overall, as it is the soundtrack of prince songs that boosts it's value by 110%. but then again the film gives us another theory on prince and his music, as the film tells us that prince's biggest song of the film is written by wendy, lisa and princes wife beating musical father!are prince and the filmmakers trying to tell us that prince stole all his best songs from his father after finding his fathers music sheets of written songs? maybe that is why prince started to run out of steam during the 90's because he ran out of his fathers ideas???...........hmmmm.....

purple rain is a great film if you are a 40-something music lover who partied to prince music in the 1980s. the story is a much-used formula: rising musical talent must overcome personal and professional hurdles to find his audience and self-respect. prince is a bad actor, but his performance, especially of purple rain/i would die 4 u make it worth sitting through the film. he is himself and as a showman, as powerful on stage as mick jagger or michael jackson, circa thriller. apollonia kotero, a former prince protégé, is beautiful and shows some acting talent and chemistry with prince, but her script doesn't let her far. morris day and other supporting actors provide comedic elements.

purple rain is so cool for the dad. we are tracking 921 callers from minneapolis. hudson horstachio prepares to ride a motorcycle , take a ride with franklin fizzlybear in the caddy. let's go back to 1984 , it was a movie released and prince tripped into stardom. you would think hudson horstachio will be a superstar for his new movie in 20th century fox movie called "vp : purple rain" , starring hudson horstachio (voiced by dan green , who played max's dad , the pokemon gym leader). 9 tracks. tina turner's private dancer and billy ocean's suddenly was headed for the album as prince held more concerts. it is time we've pulled the plug on the 1984 movies. our 20th century fox fans are not watching anymore. the kid yells out "look out for the deer!" is such a danger in mind , ralph schuckett will be composing and conducting the new movie called "vp : purple rain" released on video. tom cruise jumps into his motorcycle , brad pitt jumps into his motorcycle and hudson horstachio jumps into his motorcycle. thanks to bette midler from beaches and the keyboardists. you are beholding the heroic horstachio , hudson! bart is writing "i shall not watch purple rain" on the chalkboard , go on the bloomington ferry bridge and enjoy the kid's festivities. hudson horstachio is watching you!

bar some of the questionable acting (there musicians at the end of the day), this in the words of quentin tarrinno is "the best rock movie ever made...period"think 8 mile, but without the rapping - a young musician, trying to prove himself to the local community, whilst struggling to cope with a broken home and a rival band. throw in the sex interest and the truly exceptional performances, this is the real 8 mile.prince provides a solid performance, as does morris day and jerome benton. decent script, good direction, great plot, and spectacular performances. not forgetting the some of the best rock/pop/funk music you will ever hear.

and i really mean that. i caught it last night on vh1, and i was not expecting it to be so good. this is now one of my favorites. i must add that it has a killer soundtrack.

this film is outstanding and wonderfully scored. prince's oscar for music was richly deserved (many people don't know he won one). i think this is one of the best films to watch as a couple late at night on dvd. a great surprise: prince does a fine job acting, and is pretty good at conveying pain on camera. morris day, wendy, and lisa are good in their supporting roles. very cool landmark film.

our imp of the perverse did good his first time out, thats for sure. the music is the best you may ever hear by any human, but you already know that, unless you have no taste or have a brain that is too small to understand greatness. a poor script that doesn't flesh out much of a story, but at least it has its moments. the breathtaking concert stuff is worth seeing it. he deserved an oscar for this s**t, even though he was at times an ego driven twit, with his towering bodyguard chick huntsbery always in front. a movie that made non-fans fans, take it or leave it. prince does need to stay clear of acting in the future though. he takes himself way to serious. he is a genius musician, but pleaseee..just enjoy the ride, my purple maestro..peace.

i have to admit that purple rain is one of my deepest guilty pleasures. purple rain not only broke boundaries, it set a decade, the costumes, the music, the behavior, and the dancing! to this day, my friends and i still jam to the purple rain soundtrack and pretend to be prince and the revolution.now the movie itself, i just meant what i said in the title, because for the most part, this movie itself is made by the music. the acting? please don't let me judge on that since this is one of my favorite guilty pleasures, because i know that it was not oscar worthy by any means. but i think the duo that took this movie was morris and jarome, their speech about passwords was just beyond hilarious. i just want to rate this movie on the concert sequences because i felt that it was what made the movie.prince is a musical genius and created beautiful music. while the movie and acting is pretty bad, this movie is still a fun one to watch at night and even dance too. this movie defined the 80's, so just have fun with it. prince would want it that way, just to party on down! oh, boy, that sounded lame.9/10

when this movie first came out back in 1984, prince was one of the hottest acts around. everyone wanted to see this movie, which was not much more than a extended music video. the acting was pretty bad, but what can you expect from musicians acting on the big screen for the first time? despite that, it was still a very entertaining film! morris day and jerome benton provide some all time classic comedy, especially their rendition of "the password", which will make you think of abbott & costello doing their "who's on first" baseball routine.appolina (who went by a single name then) provided some beautiful breasts, so you had the brief nudity covered. plus, she is very attractive. and of course, the soundtrack of the album is one of the best prince ever recorded. prince later on had a fallout with warner bros. and changed his name, but at this particular time in his career, he was at the top of his game.this movie doesn't rank in the all time great category, but it is pretty entertaining.

i've recently went back and watched this movie again from not seeing it in years. when i first seen the movie i was too young to understand what the movie was about. now that i've seen it again i couldn't believe what i've missed all these years. for me being able to see movies for what they are, i think that this movie was great. most people feel as though the music are the best part, but i don't think that's true. most people don't realize how good the story is because it's judge by the acting. the truth of the matter is that no one in the movie were really trying to act rather they were just being themselves. the entire main cast were just playing themselves. they weren't trying to be anyone else, but themselves.i've actually watched and analyzed the work and effort put into the movie. now from my perspective, the situations shown in the movie are pretty much based on what actually went on musically in minneapolis at the time and it's most of the things that happen are actually true events that happened in prince's career and who can tell it better than him? the music that was coming from the city at the time was starting to be recognized and be revolutionary. it was interesting to see how the music was very influential mainly at the club "first avenue & 7th st entry" where in fact prince, among other musicians, got their career started. it's also a known fact that prince and morris day always had a competition with each other in real life, but it was a friendly competition. they were always friends. so the story basically plays off of that competition aspect of their rivalry rather than their friendship which shows the true competitive side of what occurred at club "first avenue" for it's time.another reason why this movie is good is due to the fact that some of the situations that occur in the movie are actually based on events that prince has gone through in his life with the music aspect and the personal. to me, this made the movie more realistic as far as the emotion because he's telling his trials and tribulations pre-superstardom. plus, his dedication he puts into his performances is phenomenal. prince made sure that every moment in the movie was done perfectly. anytime you hear a song play in the movie it's in perfect sync with the situation at hand.prince is in all a musical genius and he has proved it on many occasions. this movie is what really put prince on the map officially and he hasn't slowed down since. anyone who has watched this movie or still (unbelieveably) hasn't watched it yet, when you sit down and view this film you have have to watch it with intellect or you will miss the whole aspect of the movie. if you really love music this is definitely the movie to watch. above what anyone else says i think it's a great movie to watch and own.

'i only wanted to see you laughing in the purple rain.' this is an excell film. it should have been re-rated to pg-13. but anyways, prince's first film and greatest. the follow-up sucked. but i haven't seen for years so here's what i can remember about it. the kid (prince) has to juggle with winning over the love of his life, apollonia (herself), keeping his band together (the revolution as themselves) and the tension in his family. but his rival band (the time as themselves) is ruining his life. like morris (himself) is trying to steal apollonia from the kid. just like saturday night fever, flashdance and 8 mile. really good. rent it, laugh and cry and if you luv it, buy it.

i'll start by relating my first encounter with prince's music. it was in a bar, on my 39th birthday and a girl was dancing bare breasted to "1999" playing on the speakers. i asked people, who is this singer? i was told it was prince. it was so good that it distracted me from a beautiful, topless dancer. later i started hearing other prince songs and really "digging" them. when purple rain came out i still knew very little about this fellow minnesotan. the movie blew me away. i instantly became prince's no. 1 fan of the "war baby" generation. later i found out one of my cousins was his secretary, and she got me, and my nephew into a v.i.p. prince concert where we sat next to his mother...how cool is that! getting back to the topic at hand, i agree with siskel & ebert who called purple rain an instant classic. i have seen it over 17 times and absolutely love it. i thought prince's acting was fine, apollonia struggled a bit, but all in all the acting was fine. john gielgud was not available to play 'the kid' so prince took the role. the film is visually stunning, brilliantly paced (it never gets slow), and terrifically directed. i rank it among the best movie musicals of all time. the last time i watched it was after about a 7 year gap and it still delivered. i am so proud of fellow minnesotan prince rogers nelson and would love to tell him personally. he walked right in front of me during the above mentioned concert and said, "hi", to my nephew but not me. he was chatting with his mom. i was a bit crushed but he's still no. 1 with me.

i was to young to ever know much about prince but in the past few years i've seen a lot of purple rain novelty tee's and i thought they were cool but i didn't want to buy a shirt i knew nothing about. so one saturday it came on fuse and i decided to watch it. i didn't know what the movie was going to be about before i watched it but it was great once i found out. in the movie prince wasn't known as prince but as "the kid". all the performances where great to me but my favorite were purple rain, darling nicki, and i would die for you. all the songs tied into what was going on through out the movie when his mother and father were always fighting the song when doves cried described what he was feeling. i also like how clever prince was with the way he flirted with apallonia. i liked when prince and appallonia first met in the club and he stood behind her standing and then once she turned around he disappeared! great movie and now i cant even find one of those tee shirts :(

"purple rain" has never been a critic's darling but it is a cult classic - and deserves to be. if you are a prince fan this is for you.the main plot is prince seeing his abusive parents in himself and him falling in love with a girl. believe it or not this movie isn't just singing and dancing. there are many intense scenes and it is heartwarming. sometimes it comes off has funny but when it works it really works. very hit and miss.no one can really act in the film. everyone is from one of prince's side acts like "the time" and "vanity 6". still, it adds charm to the movie. when ever prince is on screen he lights it up and it fun to see him at his commercial peak. in conclusion, go and see this if you love prince like me. if you aren't a fan it'll make you one.

i don't care how many bad reviews purple rain gets, this movie rocks! excellent movie, has it all, great music(prince of coarse!), romance, and drama.this is really a very sad movie, very moving. i don't want to say to much more, i;m not into giving away the plot, but i will say this-the film is very realistic, there are so many romantic relationships that go through these problems, so many familys similiar to the one depicted in the film. i see this as being very realistic and being so real, makes the movie that much more moving. my generation loved this movie growing up, so many of us loved prince and there is alot to relate to for any teenager who has gone through similiar problems.that said, it's definetly not just a movie for teens, id recomend it to all age groups. and it's not all so dark, the movie has some great music, band performance scenes, and sexy fun scenes between prince and appelonia.

this is not as bad a movie as some reviewers, and as the summary at the imdb page for this movie, say it is. why? first is the fact that in 1984 the movie makers were daring enough to confront, as one of the plot elements, the issue of domestic violence -- so reviewers who complain about the plot are sadly missing one of the main points! second, without the plot element of prince's movie relationship with his abusive father, the musical climax wouldn't work as well as it does -- so those reviewers who say that only the music is good have, once again, missed one of the points -- specifically, why it is so good...because all of the music in this film has a plot element backdrop that makes the music more effective. third, give this movie a break! for first-time movie producers and director, this is just not that bad! there are far worse movies out there by accomplished movie people!! and last, the reviewers who say that the music is "good" have also missed the point -- check out the range of stylistic musical treatments, the variety, the musicianship, and the stage performance of prince -- truly one of a kind, going musically where no one else was going during the 1980's, and with a style seen in the work of other artists (clothes and movement: which costuming elements came first, michael jackson's or prince's? also, see if you can spot the splayed fingers sweeping in front of the eyes that prince does in this movie, long before quentin tarentino's "pulp fiction"). as the sum of its parts, not a bad movie at all.

this is the only movie i've seen prince in but it don't matter. and i thought he was only great at singing boy was i wrong. this is probably his best performance. the music is great. thats why it won the oscar in 1984 for best music to a movie (or something like that). now he has an oscar and grammies under his belt. although the cursing gets in the way with the film (just make sure no little kids or in the room). there isn't to much to say without revealing the plot. you should really go out and get this movie your collection isn't complete unless you got this movie in it. what else could i possibly say except for go and get this movie now!

i own this movie and have watched it several times throughout the years since it was released. prince doesn't stun us with his phenomenal acting style or anything, he's a musician and i feel like that is what he displayed here, he's just the best one to tell this story through influence. most of this movie is straightforward and teenish but that is the directors/writers fault, still it is a great movie with even better music. the principals and moral convictions in purple rain are quite strong and if more movies would rely on the basics we are taught as young children we would have a better all around environment seeing that art reflects life which reflects art.

the movie is okay, it has it's moments, the music scenes are the best of all! the soundtrack is a true classic. it's a perfect album, it starts out with let's go crazy(appropriate for the beginning as it's a great party song and very up-tempo), take me with u(a fun pop song...), the beautiful ones(a cheerful ballad, probably the closest thing to r&b on this whole album), computer blue(a somewhat angry anthem towards appolonia), darling nikki(one of the funniest songs ever, it very vaguely makes fun of appolonia), when doves cry(the climax to this masterpiece), i would die 4 u, baby i'm a star, and, of course, purple rain(a true classic, a very appropriate ending for this classic album) the movie and the album are both very good. i highly recommend them!

i love this movie!!! purple rain came out the year i was born and it has had my heart since i can remember. prince is so tight in this movie. i went to a special showing of purple rain last night and it was like a concert i was glad to see some true fans cause this movie is so undervalued, it is really one of the greatest movies of all time. the music is untouchable. the movie is about "the kid", played by prince, his family is dysfunctional, his band is the hottest act in town, and he has his eyes on the apollonia, an aspiring singer. there is no question why purple is my favorite color i can thank "the kid" for that. so if you have not seen this then you are need to asap. this is a classic - 4ever!

you can debate prince's acting talent, or even his choice to parody his own life in this film. there is no debate about his musical talent either then or now. he seems like a shadowy has-been twenty years later, but the music remains relevant and fantastic. having lived through the hype of this movie (graduated high school in'85) i can tell you that there was nothing bigger at the time. from tipper gore (al's wife) trying to censor "little nikki" and every thing else under the sun via the pmrc (parents music resource center) to every "air band" at the time impersonating prince, it was the absolute hottest thing out. for a few weeks at least, prince was bigger than madonna and michael jackson. we all waited for the film and were soooooo excited when it premiered. it didn't disappoint. everyone was caught up. i was an mtv junkie at the time(they actually played music then....all the time)prince played at least once or twice an hour. i must qualify this commentary by saying that, at that time, my favorites were billy idol, oingo boingo, the fixx, flock of seagulls and others in the punk/ new wave genre' the music of prince at the time transcended all types and styles. one of the reasons that some of it seems so cheesy and contrite now is that it was soooooooo big then. all the things that remind you of the 80's were iconic then. it was mainstream and it seems like a cliché' now. it got so popular that it became ridiculous. it's like the rappin' granny commercial for wendy's hamburgers. it looks stupid now because everyone was caught up in it (sadly, kind of like a bizarre purple macarena or something. anyway, i hope this gave you all a little insight.

purple rain... what else can i say, the title speaks for itself. but i think all the actors were well picked. the movie had a great story. i loved it! ever since i watched that movie, i've been stuck in the eighties, and i'm only 13! my favorite part of the movie was when his father died and he was picking up all of his music compositions, and the apollonia was sitting on the stairwell with his earing in her hand. critics say that its a drama but i think its more of a romance. murphy brown also did a great job in the movie, he actually acted like himself. i'm so glad i've seen this movie. the song purple rain, beautifully sung, was so heartfelt. i cried more than once.

it seemed as though the year 1984 was anything but the orwellian nightmare it was calculated to be with george orwell's science fiction novel!! 1984 turned out to be one of the happiest times in american history!! the upsurge in the economy, and a reemergence in basic american values, cultivated an idealistic aura of resumed innocence which was viewed by the american people with a very auspicious disposition!! there have been many ersatz renditions of classic movies in the past, but, the originals are almost always considered superior!! "purple rain" is such a movie in this category!! made in 1984, "purple rain" provided a doggerel of eighties, happy-go-lucky quality music, which they incorporated into the making of this excellent film!! certain artifacts indicative of the eighties are indeed classics!! screwball comedies, neon accented clothing, and of course, the music!! eighties music is considered by experts to be the best decade for music in american history!! set in minneapolis, "purple rain" accommodated the use of naive entertainment with the changing times of the city. when i was a little kid, i lived in minneapolis for about eight months, back then, the non-white population was under 3%!! by 1984, african americans had made some in roads into minneapolis, and, thus, they established a firmly embedded culture of their own as well!! the movie "purple rain" evokes an eighties style clothing, and music ensemble, which effortlessly captivated the movie audience!! i loved the music to "purple rain", and, the innovative approach this film takes to confrontational success, is indeed, brilliant!! see this movie if you have not seen it already!! prince became an eighties icon with this masterpiece!! for a short time, he dated kim bassinger, he must be doing something right!! "purple rain" put prince on the map!! this film gets my emphatically assertive verdict of thumbs up!!!!

ok, so it may not be the award-winning "movie of the year" type-film (apart from the brilliant soundtrack that i think won a few awards), but it is a really great film about 'the kid' (prince / o( take your pick) and the happenings around him living in minneapolis, playing his music. the music is absolutely superb, in my opinion you have to own this soundtrack, it is truly a classic and sums up the eighties sounds and feel in a wonderful fashion. and the movie itself plays out a nice plot, it's worth seeing over and over again, espeically if you like prince / o (which i do) of course.

prince stars as 'the kid' in this semi-autobiographical film of a talented, but narcissistic young musician who has a less then stellar home life. true the acting leaves a tad to be desired (barring morris day and especially clarence williams who are both pitch perfect), but the movie is still great and among the best to come out of the 1980s. it has the best soundtrack of any movie of the last 50 years at least, highly quotable lines, and the dumpster scene is hilarious!! plus apollonia is just simply stunning. on an unrelated not, when i saw prince in concert in 2004 he blew down the stadium. he is an expert showman and it was one of the best concerts that i've experienced.my grade: a dvd extras: disc 1) commentary with director albert magnoli, producer robert cavallo, & director of photography donald thorin; theatrical trailer; trailers for "under the cherry moon" and "grafitti bridge" disc 2) a 12 minute featurette on the first avenue club; "purple rain: bachstage pass (a half hour featurette on the movie which i'll review later on it's page); "riffs, raffs, and revolution: the impact and influence of purple rain" 10 minute featurette; 30 minutes of mtv's premiere footage (when mtv didn't suck donkey balls); 5 prince music videos (let's go crazy, take me with you, when doves cry, i would die 4 u/ baby i'm a star, and purple rain); 2 videos by the time (jungle love and the bird); and a music video for "sex shooter" by apollonia 6eye candy: apollonia shows her fine ass titties

this electrifying musical has more than a whiff of egotism from it's star, the musical genius that is prince. the film is 90 or so minutes of posing but in truth it is easy to see why it is such a cult classic.much like other films that centre around the struggling young musician trying to be big, this has a hint of drama in it to add a dimension to the musical numbers. while this film isn't as good as 8 mile as a recent example, this is entertaining none the less and the soundtrack is much better. on the dramatic side of things the story centres around the kid (prince) a young artist and regular spot at a club. the owner of the club is frustrated with the kid's arrogance and little does the kid know that he could soon be fired and replaced by a rival. one the side the kid's parents are having trouble, with his dad abusing her violently. during the course of the film the kid learns a few lessons in life, and learns to appreciate his friends more. it's all stuff we have seen in coming of age dramas of course, but this is combined as a musical, a very stylised musical.the cast are good. prince is actually quite good on the drama side, when he's not striking a pose. he seems human and relatable. clarence williams is very good as the abusive father as well. appollonia kotero makes a good debut as princes sexy love interest.the main strength of the movie however is the superb soundtrack. the musical numbers are well staged and electrifying. prince is no doubt a musical maestro, albeit very eccentric. when he is inspired he is great but on the flip side he will often do songs that are solely for his own taste, and occasionally his experimentation can miss-fire, but that is the same for many musical geniuses. the soundtrack for this film is excellent though, with only sexshooter being a weak point. the show-stopping performance of purple rain is the standout though. it is one of my all time favourite songs. ***

as a big-time prince fan of the last three to four years, i really can't believe i've only just got round to watching "purple rain". the brand new 2-disc anniversary special edition led me to buy it. wow, i was really looking forward to watching it, but i wasn't prepared for just how electric it actually is. prince's musical performances throughout the movie are nothing short of astounding - he really has the moves in this one. i am very familiar (from repeated listens) with the classic "purple rain" album and all its songs, but to see them in the context of the movie completely alters your perception of the tunes and lyrics - like computer blue, the beautiful ones, when doves cry and purple rain itself. there is something indescribably hypnotising about the scenes where prince and the revolution perform. the closing songs baby i'm a star and i would die for u show how much energy and sheer talent prince was brimming with in his mid-20s (he's overflowing!), it blew me away. it even makes michael jackson seem inanimate even in his peak years.prince shows you how to win the girl of your dreams - drive her to a lake, make her jump in, then drive off - absolutely hilarious stuff in hindsight.some of the scenes are very 1980s and unintentionally hilarious but this adds to the film's overall charm. morris day is the coolest cat on the block (and hilarious), and when his group the time perform the bird you get to see morris day and jerome benton light up the stage minneapolis funk style - i love their dancing in this bit, and how benton provides morris with a mirror mid-performance.i already can't wait to watch it again, i really can't! extras are terrific - particularly seeing a young eddie murphy pre-beverly hills cop admit he is a "prince groupie".

a much undervalued film that tells the story of a young musician caught in an ever-declining spiral of domestic violence.at times difficult to watch, while morris day is portrayed as the misogynist, prince as the knight on (motorcycle) steed, he is still called upon to twice beat a woman as part of the screenplay. that he can do this and still emerge as a flawed but vindicated hero is credit to the writing. prince is so free of ego in this film that not only does he portray himself as a narcissistic megalomaniac who beats women, but his most famous song is fictionalised as being written by his father and wendy & lisa. even further, two of his compositions - computer blue (admittedly the album's weakest track) and darling nikki - are shown as being songs that kill off an audience. perhaps the only concession to the princely ego is a card that lists the (slightly shorter than prince) apollonia as 5'6.the nearly complete-amateur cast are mainly band members playing themselves (and reviewers who slate the actors on the terms that they've never appeared in other movies are completely missing the point), and do perfectly well under the direction. morris day gets most of the plaudits for his likable ham, though jerome benton must also get credit for bouncing off him well, particularly their stage act, which is hilarious. day and benton even go so far as to make an abbott and costello routine funny, which takes some doing.lastly, there's prince. while i admit to bias, i do actually think he's a pretty good actor in terms of being able to portray a low-key version of himself. acting isn't his profession, this was a film made for entertainment, so anyone pointing out that the guy in the lead role isn't robert deniro and thinking they're making a point is sadly deluded. i don't want this review to be a derisory attack of other people's comments, but i've even this film slated as having a low budget and being darkly lit. how would a film about domestic violence be shot, then? with full overhead spotlights and a cgi dinosaur walking into frame? the film acts almost as a perfect snapshot of the neon light and skinny tie era until you remember that it was actually made in a world of curly perms and tinny synths, and this isn't some retro-recreation. prince's best film with oscar-winning music, it sees him at his zenith, and it's saddening to realise that, even though he would make some fine albums, he would never again capture this high.

who ever came up with story is one sick person. i rented it for our slumber party sleepover and all six of us got freaked out cause we're all in an acting class together, and we know a couple of the actors from class. besides everybody screaming the whole freaky night, i had freaky nightmares. i kept thinking oh my god, if i get up to go to the bathroom to pee i'm going to be stabbed in the middle of wiping or something. i couldn't even go to the bathroom because we watched this gruesome horror movie. i also thought why are all the girls topless in this movie but we don't any of the boys units? you should make a horror film where the killer is a girl and chopping off units. i would watch that over and over. call it hard or soft or something stupid like that. i'm only giving this movie a 9 because you freaked me out freaks.

i think this movie had to be fun to make it, for us it was fun to watch it. the actors look like they have a fun time. my girlfriends like the boy actors and my boyfriends like the girl actors. not very much do we get to have crazy fun with a movie that is horror make. i see a lot of scary movies and i would watch this one all together once more, or more because we laugh together. if this actors make other scary movies i will watch them. the grander mad man thats chase to kill the actors is very much a good bad man. he make us laugh together the most. i would give this movie a high score if you ask me.i don't know if the market has any more of the movies with the actors, but the main boy is cute. the actor with the grand chest has to be not real. they doesn't look to real.

my first child was born the year this program came out, and i played the record album for the boys every christmas thereafter. when the cd came out, i bought about ten copies and still give them to friends and relatives as they start families...it invariably becomes their favorite christmas album. i recently found several dvd's (made on dvd-r from video tapes, probably) for sale on ebay. the one i bought was an excellent copy, and it was so great to see the show again after more than 25 years. there are some songs on the show that were not on the album, and some of the songs on the album were studio versions of the same songs on the show. but both the cd and dvd will stay in our library as the best christmas entertainment ever.

i am a huge john denver fan. i have a large collection of his music on vinyl. i saw this christmas special when it was originally on tv and loved it. i have the original vinyl album and cd. i have the original cd and later release. the later release is missing several songs though. i see that it has been released this year with all original songs. to my surprise i found the original cd for sale at $75.00. wow - to think that a christmas cd would be worth that much. to me no amount is worth selling this treasure. it is my favorite christmas cd. i have never been able to find it on vhs or dvd. i would love to have either version. if anyone has one available please let me know. thanks

yes i have a copy of it on vhs uncut in great condition that i transfered to dvd and if anyone one wants to bring back the memories of a christmas classic please emil me at dmd2222@verizon.net.i searched everywhere and i found nothing on this and i thought that i cant be the only one on this planet that has this classic on tape there has to be other people and if they do i fit in with them being that very very few that has this classic so i consider myself lucky and i have all of the muppets christmas except one that john denver did with the muppets again i thinks its called a smokey mountain holiday im not to sure but its close.

i was reviewing some old vhs tapes i have and came across the tv show john denver & the muppets a christmas together.this made me go to my computer and look it up to see if i could find a dvd version of this show to buy. i was disappointed not to be able to find it yet on dvd. the show aired in 1979 and was a delightful show. i have the record and the cd but i would love to buy a dvd version of this show. the tape is old and picture quality is pretty good but fading, the sound is not as good as the cd. there is also a few other songs not put on the cd. as a fan of john denver and of the muppets, a dvd of this show would really be a good seller. if you don't have the cd it is a wonderful chritmas collection of songs taken from that show. the album is also good if you can find it and still have a record player to play it on.

after losing the emmy for her performance as mama rose in the television version of gypsy, bette won an emmy the following year for bette midler: diva las vegas, a live concert special filmed for hbo from las vegas. midler, who has been performing live on stage since the 1970's, proves that she is still one of the most electrifying live performers in the business. from her opening number, her classic "friends", where she descends from the wings atop a beautiful prop cloud, bette commands the stage with style and charisma from a rap-styled number called "i look good" she then proves that she has a way with a joke like few other performers in this business as she segues her way through a variety of musical selections. the section of the show where she salutes burlesque goes on a little too long but she does manage to incorporate her old sophie tucker jokes here to good advantage (even though she actually forgets one joke in the middle of telling it, but her ad-libbing until she remembers it is hysterical). bette also treats us to "rose's turn" from gypsy and the title tune from her smash film the rose as well as a shameless plug for her hit movie the first wives club. she brings the house down near the end with "stay with me, baby" from the rose and her only #1 hit record, "wind beneath my wings" from beaches. it's a dazzling evening of musical comedy entertainment and for midler fans, it's a must.

a longtime fan of bette midler, i must say her recorded live concerts are my favorites. bette thrills us with her jokes and brings us to tears with her ballads. a literal rainbow of emotion and talent, bette shows us her best from her solid repertoire, as well as new songs from the "bette of roses" album. spanning generations of people she offers something for everyone. the one and only divine diva proves here that she is the most intensely talented performer around.

love it, love it, love it! this is another absolutely superb performance from the divine miss m. from the beginning to the end, this is one big treat! don't rent it- buy it now!

bette midler showcases her talents and beauty in "diva las vegas". i am thrilled that i taped it and i am able to view whenever i want to. she possesses what it takes to keep an audience in captivity. her voice is as beautiful as ever and will truly impress you. the highlight of the show was her singing "stay with me" from her 1979 movie "the rose". you can feel the emotion in the song and will end up having goose bumps. the show will leave you with the urge to go out and either rent a bette midler movie or go to the nearest music store and purchase one of bette midler's albums.

bette midler is indescribable in this concert. she gives her all every time she is on stage. whether we are laughing at her jokes and antics or dabbing our eyes at the strains of one of her tremendous ballads, bette midler moves her audience. if you can't see it live (which is the best way to see bette) then this is the next best thing. an interesting thing to look at is how incredible her voice has changed and matured over the years but never lost its power. her more "vocally correct" version of "stay with me" never loses anything in spirit from the rose or divine madness, here it is just more pure and as heartfelt as ever. i will treasure this concert for a very long time.

bette midler is again divine! raunchily humorous. in love with burlesque. capable of bringing you down to tears either with old jokes with new dresses or merely with old songs with more power & punch than ever. all in all singing new ballads, power-singing the good old/perennial ones such as "the rose"; "stay with me" and yes, even "wind beneath my wings". the best way to appreciate the divine miss m has always been libe - since this is the next best thing to it, i strongly recommended to all with a mixture of adult wide-eyed enchantment and appreciation and a child's mischievous wish for pushing all boundaries!

this was a favorite christmas special that i wish that they would release on vhs or dvd , since my 33 rpm got lost,and any cassettes i made are also long gone.i am not even a big john denver fan but was very impressed with the music , which was mostly traditional favorites with a muppet spin ( esp little st. nick ! ) it also contained a few little known songs ( original ? ).even though it was done at the end of the '70's this show had a timeless feel to it. hoping to find a copy soon !!!

what do you get if you cross the matrix with the truman show?i'm sure you've all seen the matrix by now. the creators of the matrix say that it is 'anime inspired'. just from watching the trailer to this classic, you can see where they took the plot from.the film is sort of set in 1980s japan, and it really shows. the costumes, music and words(in the recent english language version by ad vision) are all like they've been directly lifted from the era. i believe it was made in that time also, but due to certain plot points, this doesn't date the film!as you probably guessed by my referencing to the matrix, the world isn't real. it's not really the 1980's. in fact, it's something more like the 2480's. after a nuclear war, the earth(or "biosphere prime")'s ecosystem was destroyed. the survivors we're forced to escape into space, where the conflict continued. once the planets(or "biospheres") were all abandoned, people began to live in megazones - cities inside of spaceships, where, via hypnotism techniques and truman show-esque illusion, they were made to believe they we're back on earth, in the most peaceful time in recent memory... the 1980s. when young shogo obtains a mysterious advanced looking motorcycle, it leads him to find out more than he's supposed to know... the garland(a bike which becomes a mech), a weapon from the 2400's, aids shogo in his escape from the pursuing military. as more and more is discovered about the megazone, the war comes closer to home, and due to conflicts between the military and the computer, the war comes to the megazone too... i apologise if those points are seen as spoilers, but the plot is outlined basically that way on the synopsis.emotions run high in this movie, moreso than the matrix. you really do believe the war is going on, and shogo really does become quite scarred by what he's discovering. what starts off as an uber-happy cool 80's flick becomes a tragic tale of war and unreality. these characters are real people, not the cardboard cutouts we saw flipping around in bullet-time in the matrix. there really is the sense of the suffering people can go through after being caught up in such a conspiracy, and a war. it may just choke you up towards the end... i know it did me.animation is pretty impressive for it's day, and the picture quality on the advision dvd is unbelievable for it's age. the artwork style is beautiful and reminiscent of traditional anime, very cultural. be prepared for quite a lot of violence and blood, there's also an erotic sex scene.the ending can be seen as a 'there can be no ending', similar to the matrix, or, supposedly can be followed by the sequel, which i haven't yet had the pleasure of watching.i have to say that this is one of the best animes i've seen, in fact, one of the best movies i've seen, and considered by many to be one of the greatest animes of all time.i must recommend the advision dvd, as their take on the english language is incredible, and does the movie justice, and can be purchased with an artbox for holding the two sequels when they are released, which will have the same vocal cast.all in all, megazone 23 is an incredible movie, and deserves to be held highly, and should be an essential in any anime fan's collection. heck, even my mother enjoyed it.

here's the skinny, it seems that this is much older then i thought it was. but it's still cool. the bike mechs are cool and the story works for the most part. there are some character issues that i hope work themselves out by part 2 and my biggest complaint of all that it seems to be a macross knock off. not just the animation style but several character designs. for example all the girls in this movie look like lyn minmay of macross. the mechs look similar to macross as well as the other characters. this is really not made for little kids, it has graphic violence, nudity and graphic sexual content. so to make a long story short i give this cool macross knock-off 7 stars.

for me too, this christmas special is one that i remember very fondly. in 1989, i snatched up the 2 cds i found of the soundtrack recording, giving one to my sister and keeping the other for myself. it's part of my family's christmas tradition now, and i would love to be able to actually see the show again rather than just remember it as i listen.it has been noted elsewhere that john denver made a number of appearances on the muppet show, and they did more than one special together. the good rapport between denver and his fuzzy companions comes through clearly here, in a charming and fun show that is good for all ages.

a christmas together actually came before my time, but i've been raised on john denver and the songs from this special were always my family's christmas music. for years we had a crackling cassette made from a record that meant it was christmas. a few years ago, i was finally able to track down a video of it on ebay, so after listening to all the music for some 21 years, i got to see john and the muppets in action for myself. if you ever get the chance, it's a lot of fun--great music, heart-warming and cheesy. it's also interesting to see the 70's versions of the muppets and compare them to their newer versions today. i believe denver actually took some heat for doing a show like this--i guess normally performers don't compromise their images by doing sing-a-longs with the muppets, but i'm glad he did. even if you can't track down the video, the soundtrack is worth it too. it has some muppified traditional favorites, but also some original denver tunes as well.

