this isn't the comedic robin williams, nor is it the quirky/insane robin williams of recent thriller fame. this is a hybrid of the classic drama without over-dramatization, mixed with robin's new love of the thriller. but this isn't a thriller, per se. this is more a mystery/suspense vehicle through which williams attempts to locate a sick boy and his keeper.also starring sandra oh and rory culkin, this suspense drama plays pretty much like a news report, until william's character gets close to achieving his goal.i must say that i was highly entertained, though this movie fails to teach, guide, inspect, or amuse. it felt more like i was watching a guy (williams), as he was actually performing the actions, from a third person perspective. in other words, it felt real, and i was able to subscribe to the premise of the story.all in all, it's worth a watch, though it's definitely not friday/saturday night fare.it rates a 7.7/10 from...the fiend :.

yes its an art... to successfully make a slow paced thriller.the story unfolds in nice volumes while you don't even notice it happening.fine performance by robin williams. the sexuality angles in the film can seem unnecessary and can probably affect how much you enjoy the film. however, the core plot is very engaging. the movie doesn't rush onto you and still grips you enough to keep you wondering. the direction is good. use of lights to achieve desired affects of suspense and unexpectedness is good.very nice 1 time watch if you are looking to lay back and hear a thrilling short story!

in this "critically acclaimed psychological thriller based on true events, gabriel (robin williams), a celebrated writer and late-night talk show host, becomes captivated by the harrowing story of a young listener and his adoptive mother (toni collette). when troubling questions arise about this boy's (story), however, gabriel finds himself drawn into a widening mystery that hides a deadly secret" according to film's official synopsis.you really should stop reading these comments, and watch the film now...the "how did he lose his leg?" ending, with ms. collette planning her new life, should be chopped off, and sent to "deleted scenes" land. it's overkill. the true nature of her physical and mental ailments should be obvious, by the time mr. williams returns to new york. possibly, her blindness could be in question - but a revelation could have be made certain in either the "highway" or "video tape" scenes. the film would benefit from a re-editing - how about a "director's cut"? williams and bobby cannavale (as jess) don't seem, initially, believable as a couple. a scene or two establishing their relationship might have helped set the stage. otherwise, the cast is exemplary. williams offers an exceptionally strong characterization, and not a "gay impersonation". sandra oh (as anna), joe morton (as ashe), and rory culkin (pete logand) are all perfect.best of all, collette's "donna" belongs in the creepy hall of fame. ms. oh is correct in saying collette might be, "you know, like that guy from 'psycho'." there have been several years when organizations giving acting awards seemed to reach for women, due to a slighter dispersion of roles; certainly, they could have noticed collette with some award consideration. she is that good. and, director patrick stettner definitely evokes hitchcock - he even makes getting a sandwich from a vending machine suspenseful.finally, writers stettner, armistead maupin, and terry anderson deserve gratitude from flight attendants everywhere.******* the night listener (1/21/06) patrick stettner ~ robin williams, toni collette, sandra oh, rory culkin

the night listener (2006) **1/2 robin williams, toni collette, bobby cannavale, rory culkin, joe morton, sandra oh, john cullum, lisa emery, becky ann baker. (dir: patrick stettner) hitchcockian suspenser gives williams a stand-out low-key performance.what is it about celebrities and fans? what is the near paranoia one associates with the other and why is it almost the norm? in the latest derange fan scenario, based on true events no less, williams stars as a talk-radio personality named gabriel no one, who reads stories he's penned over the airwaves and has accumulated an interesting fan in the form of a young boy named pete logand (culkin) who has submitted a manuscript about the travails of his troubled youth to no one's editor ashe (morton) who gives it to no one to read for himself. no one is naturally disturbed but ultimately intrigued about the nightmarish existence of pete being abducted and sexually abused for years until he was finally rescued by a nurse named donna (collette giving an excellent performance) who has adopted the boy but her correspondence with no one reveals that pete is dying from aids. naturally no one wants to meet the fans but is suddenly in doubt to their possibly devious ulterior motives when the seed is planted by his estranged lover jess (cannavale) whose sudden departure from their new york city apartment has no one in an emotional tailspin that has only now grown into a tempest in a teacup when he decides to do some investigating into donna and pete's backgrounds discovering some truths that he didn't anticipate.written by armistead maupin (who co-wrote the screenplay with his former lover terry anderson and the film's novice director stettner) and based on a true story about a fan's hoax found out has some hitchcockian moments that run on full tilt like any good old fashioned pot-boiler does. it helps that williams gives a stand-out, low-key performance as the conflicted good-hearted personality who genuinely wants to believe that his number one fan is in fact real and does love him (the one thing that has escaped his own reality) and has some unsettling dreadful moments with the creepy collette whose one physical trait i will leave unmentioned but underlines the desperation of her character that can rattle you to the core.however the film runs out of gas and eventually becomes a bit repetitive and predictable despite a finely directed piece of hoodwink and mystery by stettner, it pays to listen to your own inner voice: be careful of what you hope for.

you know, robin williams, god bless him, is constantly shooting himself in the foot lately with all these dumb comedies he has done this decade (with perhaps the exception of "death to smoochy", which bombed when it came out but is now a cult classic). the dramas he has made lately have been fantastic, especially "insomnia" and "one hour photo". "the night listener", despite mediocre reviews and a quick dvd release, is among his best work, period.this is a very chilling story, even though it doesn't include a serial killer or anyone that physically dangerous for that matter. the concept of the film is based on an actual case of fraud that still has yet to be officially confirmed. in high school, i read an autobiography by a child named anthony godby johnson, who suffered horrific abuse and eventually contracted aids as a result. i was moved by the story until i read reports online that johnson may not actually exist. when i saw this movie, the confused feelings that robin williams so brilliantly portrayed resurfaced in my mind.toni collette probably gives her best dramatic performance too as the ultimately sociopathic "caretaker". her role was a far cry from those she had in movies like "little miss sunshine". there were even times she looked into the camera where i thought she was staring right at me. it takes a good actress to play that sort of role, and it's this understated (yet well reviewed) role that makes toni collette probably one of the best actresses of this generation not to have even been nominated for an academy award (as of 2008). it's incredible that there is at least one woman in this world who is like this, and it's scary too.this is a good, dark film that i highly recommend. be prepared to be unsettled, though, because this movie leaves you with a strange feeling at the end.

when i first read armistead maupins story i was taken in by the human drama displayed by gabriel no one and those he cares about and loves. that being said, we have now been given the film version of an excellent story and are expected to see past the gloss of hollywood...writer armistead maupin and director patrick stettner have truly succeeded! with just the right amount of restraint robin williams captures the fragile essence of gabriel and lets us see his struggle with issues of trust both in his personnel life(jess) and the world around him(donna).as we are introduced to the players in this drama we are reminded that nothing is ever as it seems and that the smallest event can change our lives irrevocably. the request to review a book written by a young man turns into a life changing event that helps gabriel find the strength within himself to carry on and move forward.it's to bad that most people will avoid this film. i only say that because the average american will probably think "robin williams in a serious role? that didn't work before!" please give this movie a chance! robin williams touches the darkness we all must find and go through in ourselves to be better people. like his movie one hour photo he has stepped up as an actor and made another quality piece of art.oh and before i forget, i believe bobby cannavale as jess steals every scene he is in. he has the 1940's leading man looks and screen presence. it's this hacks opinion he could carry his own movie right now!!s~

there are many illnesses born in the mind of man which have been given life in modern times. constant vigilance or accrued information in the realm of pyschosis, have kept psychologists, counselors and psychiatrists busy with enough work to last them decades. occasionally, some of these mental phenomenon are discover by those with no knowledge of their remedy or even of their existence. that is the premise of the film entitled " the night listner." it tells the story of a popular radio host called gabriel noon (robin williams) who spends his evenings enthralling his audiences with vivid stories about gay lifestyles. perhaps its because his show is losing it's authentic veneer which causes noon to admit he is no longer himself. feeling abandoned by both his lover jess (bobby cannavale) and his and best friend (joe morton), he seeks shelter in his deepening despair and isolation. it is here, a mysterious voice in the night asks him for help. noon needs to feel useful and reaches out to the desperate voice which belongs to a 14 year old boy called peter (rory culkin). in reading the boy's harrowing manuscript which depicts the early life and sexual abuse at the hands of his brutal parents, noon is captivated and wants to help. however, things are not what they seem and noon soon finds himself en-wrapped in an elusive and bizarre tale torn right out of a medical nightmare. this movie is pure robin williams and were it not for toni collette who plays donna d. logand, sandra oh as anna and john cullum as pop, this might be comical. instead, this may prove to be one of william's more serious performances. ***

i enjoyed the night listener very much. it's one of the better movies of the summer.robin williams gives one of his best performances. in fact, the entire cast was very good. all played just the right notes for their characters - not too much and not too little. sandra oh adds a wonderful comic touch. toni collette is great as the mom, and never goes over the top. everyone is very believable.it's a short movie, just under an hour and a half. i noticed the general release version is nine minutes shorter than the sundance version. i wonder if some of the more disturbing images were cut from the movie.the director told a story and did it in straightforward fashion, which is a refreshing change from many directors these days who seem to think their job is to impress the audience rather than tell a story and tell it well.do not be sucker punched by the previews and ads. it is not a hitchcockian thriller. see the night listener because you want to see a good story told well. if you go expecting hitchcock you will be disappointed.my only complaint with the movie was the ending. the director could have left a little more to the audience's imagination, but this is a minor quibble.

the night listener is probably not one of william's best roles, but he makes a very interesting character in a somewhat odd but very different movie. i can guarantee you that you have never seen this kind of movie before. some people maybe won't like the slow pacing of this movie, but i think it's the great plus of the movie. it is definitely one of the top movies that have come out the year 2006. it has a intriguing performance in a movie with a great content, dramatic feeling. this is no americanized movie. neither is it a predictable movie. you just feel that it is a movie that has secrets which you have a hard time to determine what the outcome of it may be. this is no excellent movie that has everything, but hell, it's a damn good and very original movie.

like one of the previous commenters said, this had the foundations of a great movie but something happened on the way to delivery. such a waste because collette's performance was eerie and williams was believable. i just kept waiting for it to get better. i don't think it was bad editing or needed another director, it could have just been the film. it came across as a canadian movie, something like the first few seasons of x-files. not cheap, just hokey. also, it needed a little more suspense. something that makes you jump off your seat. the movie reached that moment then faded away; kind of like a false climax. i can see how being too suspenseful would have taken away from the "reality" of the story but i thought that part was reached when gabriel was in the hospital looking for the boy. this movie needs to have a director's cut that tries to fix these problems.

the night listener held my attention, with robin williams shining as a new york city radio host who becomes enamored with his friendship with a 14 year old boy (rory culkin) who is very ill. williams has never met the boy in person, as they have only been in contact by talking on the telephone. however, williams' ex-boyfriend (nice job from bobby cannavale) raises doubt about the boy, which prompts williams to arrange a meeting with him in person. what follows makes a permanent impact on williams in a way he does not expect. i will leave it at that. toni collette also stars.i enjoyed this film, with toni collette giving a memorable portrayal of culkin's adoptive mother. sandra oh also starred as williams' friend. the night listener is inspired by actual events, and it has a somber, almost creepy silence throughout. at times it is predictable, no thanks to some of the reviews i read before seeing the movie and just due to logic, but i liked it anyway. i enjoy williams in roles like this, more so than his comedic characters so that was an added bonus for me. recommended. 8/10

popular radio storyteller gabriel no one(robin williams,scraggy and speaking in hushed,hypnotic tones) becomes acquainted and friends with a fourteen-year-old boy from wisconsin named pete logand(rory culkin),who has written a book detailing sexual abuse from his parents. to boot,pete has aids and this compels gabriel further still,since his partner jess(bobby cannavale,good)happens to be a survivor of hiv himself. he also acquaints himself with pete's guardian,a woman named donna(toni collette,brilliant!)and when gabriel decides he wants to meet and talk to the two of them in person and goes to wisconsin,he discovers some secrets he was(naturally)not prepared to find.based on real events that happened to armistead maupin(who co-wrote the screenplay with terry anderson)and directed by patrick stetner,this film moves a lot faster(90 min.,maybe a few minutes longer)than one might think a movie of this genre would run. that's good in that it keeps the action and storyline lean and clear. it's bad in that it leaves various holes in the plot and doesn't sew-up any of the plot openings or back-story. i'd rather not go into any great detail except to say that,if you are not familiar with mr.maupin's works or his personal story,you feel a little bit out of the loop here. still,the performances by williams( i would've loved to heard more of his narration,personally),collette,cannavale,culkin and much of the supporting cast(the waitress at the restaurant collete's donna frequents does a great job with what small part she has!)are top-notch and the mood established here--namely,the chilly,lonely dark exteriors of wisconsin and new york--give a terrific framing for this story. it may have ends that don't tie together particularly well,but it's still a compelling enough story to stick with.

if there is one thing to recommend about this film is that it is intriguing. the premise certainly draws the audience in because it is a mystery, and throughout the film there are hints that there is something dark lurking about. however, there is not much tension, and williams' mild mannered portrayal doesn't do much to makes us relate to his obsession with the boy.collete fares much better as the woman whose true nature and intentions are not very clear. the production felt rushed and holes are apparent. it certainly feels like a preview for a much more complete and better effort. the book is probably better.one thing is certain: taupin must have written something truly good to have inspired at least one commendable effort.

i absolutely loved this film! i do not at all relate to all the other comments i have read about it. i was completely enthralled through every second! i found the story gripping, the acting intense, and the direction spot-on. i would literally jump every time the phone would ring close to the end of the movie. even though there was nothing "scary" about the story itself, i was soundly on edge through the whole movie - and for the rest of my evening. i found that there were so many perfect choices made...the casting, the script, the little bits of humor sprinkled in it. there were so many points where the film could've gone for the cheap thrill, but it never did, and that for me put this movie above so many of the mediocre thrillers that have come out lately...and for the last number of years.

this night listener is better than people are generally saying. it has weaknesses, and it seems to be having a genre identity crisis, no doubt, but i think its creepy atmosphere and intriguing performances make up for this. the whole thing feels like one of those fireside "this happened to a friend of a friend of mine" ghost stories. one big complaint about the movie is the pacing: but the slow and sometimes awkward pacing is deliberate. everything that unfolds in this movie is kept well within the realm of possibility, and real life just sort of plods alongno? so there are no flashy endings or earth-shattering revelations, no "showdown" scenes. thank heaven. you have to get into the zone when watching this movie, forget your reservations and your expectations of what makes a (conventionally)good movie. williams isn't terrific, but he easily meets the needs of the story, plus his character is supposed to be somewhat generic ("no one") as he is the everyman, the avatar by which we ourselves enter the story. toni collette's performance should be nominated for an oscar (even if she maybe shouldn't win it). give it a shot. for quality and content alone, the night listener is surely in the top twenty percent of movies coming out these days.

when it comes to movies i can be pretty picky, and i'll complain about anything and everything that is done wrong. while every movie has its flaws, the night listener had an exceptionally low count.if you read the last review (it was hard, since half of it was written in caps and it contained no actual information about the movie), you may have been led to believe that this movie was not too well done. unfortunately, if you read more than 3 lines into that same review, you discovered the poster's reason for disdain: he/she does not like the fact that the director is gay (or that the production team smokes crack...apparently).so, despite the fact that i have never written a review before, i thought this movie deserved one based on its merits, not the sexual orientation of its director. let's go over a quick checklist first: 1. great plot? absolutely. i won't give a shred of it away, but the plot is highly compelling and definitely not what one would expect based on the commercials. this is a thriller, not a horror, and it should be approached as such. the story really will amaze you, even more so because it's true (and the plot did stay quite faithful to the actual events).2. wonderful acting? oh yes. robin williams long ago broke free from the chains of the comedy type-cast, and he has since flourished in serious roles for which many people would have wrote him off just a decade ago. he once again achieves high form in his role in the night listener, playing a radio host who becomes increasingly troubled by and entangled in a case of...well, i'll let you see for yourself.3. excellent direction? certainly. now, unlike the other poster to which i referred, i actually know something about direction. i've been sutdying the art of direction at school now for 3 years. of course i really don't think that makes a lick of difference (the only thing that matters is if you like the direction), but i thought i should simply establish once again that i'm basing my opinions here on something both substantial and relevant...for example: not the sexual orientation of the director (or the alleged drug habits of the production team, lol).patrick stettner's direction was moody and dark, and he allowed the angles and lighting to help create those so-sought-after feelings of "tension and release" rather than the messy, fast-paced camera-work and quick cuts we're so often subjected to today. some people can truly show you a story through their camera, while other's feel as if they have to make the story with the camera. i really appreciate when someone these days has the courage to just use the camera as its supposed to be utilized, which is as an eyeball through which we all see.4. lighting, cinematography, and editing? great all around. i've already wrote so much, and i could go on about these last three things for another ten paragraphs, so i'll just wrap it up.in short, go see this movie. don't listen to people who have alterior motives for trashing it, especially if they're so stupid that they unknowingly reveal that motive 1/4 of the way through their post. enjoy the show! -ben

the legendary boris karloff ended his illustrious career by making four cheapie fright flick clunkers in mexico. this is the token moody period gothic horror entry from the bunch. karloff gives a typically spry and dignified performance as matthias morteval, an elderly eccentric patriarch who invites several of his petty, greedy and backbiting no-count relatives to his creepy rundown castle for the reading of a will. pretty soon the hateful guests are getting bumped off by lethal life-sized toy people who populate the place. onetime mexican sex symbol andres garcia of "tintorera" infamy portrays the dashing police officer hero and julissa looks absolutely ravishing as the sole likable female character. the clunky, plodding (non)direction, trite by-the-numbers script, ugly, washed-out cinematography, ridiculous murder set pieces (a gross fat slob gets blasted right in the face by a miniature cannon!), overwrought string score, morbid gloom-doom atmosphere, largely lousy acting (karloff notably excepted), cheesy mild gore, poor dubbing and rousing fiery conclusion all lend this enjoyably awful lemon a certain endearingly cruddy and hence oddly amusing ratty charm. a real campy hoot.

this tale based on two edgar allen poe pieces ("the fall of the house of usher", "dance of death" (poem) ) is actually quite creepy from beginning to end. it is similar to some of the old black-and-white movies about people that meet in an old decrepit house (for example, "the cat and the canary", "the old dark house", "night of terror" and so on). boris karloff plays a demented inventor of life-size dolls that terrorize the guests. he dies early in the film (or does he ? ) and the residents of the house are subjected to a number of terrifying experiences. i won't go into too much detail here, but it is definitely a must-see for fans of old dark house mysteries.watch it with plenty of popcorn and soda in a darkened room.dan basinger 8/10

i really like miikes movies about yakuza, this one i saw about 2 years ago and it really fu**ed my head. never before seen such a sick and twisted thing. the story is good and the actors do their thing very well. i haven't seen the uk or japan version, but i have to say that i believe that the german dvd is a bit censored. if you haven't seen the movie already and live in germany maybe you better look out for a dvd from the nederlands or austria. the i-on dvd contains a lot of very hard and nasty scenes, but at the showdown i felt that something was missing, about one or two very short scenes.all in all a good perverted movie with crazy characters and a high level of violence, that's what i like miike for!!

anyone new to the incredibly prolific takashi miike's work might want to think twice about making this startling film their first experience of this truly maverick director. in keeping with miike's working practice of taking any work that comes his way and then grafting his own sensibilities onto the script, this is at heart a fairly basic yakuza thriller, with a morally ambiguous cop chasing a gang which his lawyer brother has fallen in with. what takes the movie out of the realms of the same-old same-old however, is the utterly unflinching attitude so some of the most sudden and horrific violence seen in today's cinema. and this isn't that nice cool, clean violence so beloved of us cinema - this stuff is nasty, painful and hurts! that said, the pace is breakneck, the characters are unusual without being just being burdened with stock eccentricities, miike's sense of humour reveals itself and the most unexpected moments, and his camera is never quite where you expect it to be, making it hard to look away from the screen, whatever he might be showing you! it doesn't have the "ohmigod" ending of "dead or alive," but if you're not squeamish, now's the time to get on board the miike bandwagon before he ends up on some hollywood studio's "new john woo" shopping list...

the movie starts something like a less hyper-kinetic, more pastiche dead or alive: strange underground activities are done while bodies are discovered by police officers. but when a police officer is killed, one tatsuhito gets involved... and when he discovers that his brother shihito is also involved, things get bloody quite fast.an earlier work of miike's, shinjuku triad society is still filled with his usual in the ol' ultraviolence and sadistic sex acts, though it's not one of his more eclectic or flamboyant pieces. rather, it's a pretty well crafted bit of pulp fiction, as tatsuhito digs his way through the underground, a maze that leads him to a gay triad leader who sells illegally gained body organs from taiwan and keeps an almost-brothel of young boys (one in particular the character who kills the cop at the beginning). tatsuhito's brother is getting involved with said society, so tatsuhito himself is forced to become a dirty cop and use similarly violent and sadistic tactics to penetrate into this sordid realm.what's mainly interesting about this little bit of work is the relationship tatsuhito has with his nemesis, wang. tatsuhito is a japanese born in china, later moved back into japan, and alienated for it. wang is a chinese who felt alienated in china, so killed his father and developed a crime wing in japan. wang also is a surprisingly shakespearian character, which is weird enough as it is, much less that you actually begin to feel sorry for him by the time his ultimate showdown with tatsuhito comes to be. and tatsuhito himself is a similarly tragic figure when he's forced to contend with his lack of ability to control his brother. while it would be rude to state that miike's movies are successful mostly on their shock value, it is true that sometimes it's easy to lose track of how well miike can create bitter, dis-impassioned characters.--polarisdib

while not as wild and way out as some of takashi miike's later films this is a very good crime drama. the basic story is the story of a cop of japanese cop with chinese parents trying to take down an up and coming chinese mobster. complicating things is that his younger brother is acting as the lawyer for the villain and his gang. the film is actually much more complicated than that with several complications which both keep things interesting and distract things from the central narrative thrust. its this complication and loss of way about an hour into the film that makes this less than a great film.(it is a very very good one) this is definitely worth seeing especially if you don't mind a no frantic pace.a word of warning, the violence when it happens is explosive and nasty. there are also semi-graphic depictions of gay sex. if thats not your cup of tea, proceed with caution.7 or 8 out of 10.

i found this a bit hard to follow to the extent that it seemed to dip in the middle while i tried to make head or tail of who was fighting who and why. one of the problems is the cultural/language one. here we have a chinese/taiwanese/japanese problem of which we know little and because we are simply reading english subtitles inevitably loose some of the subtleties. another problem is that there seem to be just too many only half explained twists and coincidences. nevertheless, it seems unlikely that there is a wholly bad miiki film and this certainly is not that. plenty of stylish and bone crunching violence, a window upon some less than orthodox sexual goings on plus the family aspect. all in all a decent ride but maybe checking out the storyline might actually be helpful before watching this one.

shinjuku triad society: chinese mafia wars is unlikely to get distribution in the west outside film festivals. why? could your censors stomach a film where policemen anally rape male and female suspects to get them to talk (and the victims enjoy it) or see an old lady have her eye torn out of her skull? these are just a few of the shocks in store for viewers of this ultraviolent cops and gangsters story. it makes clockwork orange which was banned for years in the uk look like a disney cartoon.should you see this film? yes it is fantastic and essential viewing for fans of asian cinema. the shocking moments are there to illustrate what goers on in the world of these characters. if you like this make sure you catch dead or alive which is very similar (barring the insane ending in doa of course). great for japan that they have a talent like miike working at the same time as takeshi kitano. the best chance of seeing this film outside a takashi miike retrospective at a film festival is on dvd. if i haven't put you off try hunting for a hong kong version on the web as i'm sure it will come out in that country.

shinjuku triad society, albeit from perfect, is a fiercely compelling film for what it tries to depict in its uber-conventional realm. it's a yakuza/triad picture, involving cops versus japanese &/or chinese gangsters (mostly chinese, as the title suggests), but already even in his first technical 'debut', takashi miike is already establishing many aspects to films that he would make from here-on in. social issues like black market trading of precious goods, in this case human organs usually from children; nostalgia for childhood and one's roots, which was especially prevalent in dead or alive 2; thumbing-of-the-nose at taboos like gay sex and (satirical) rape/violence towards women; blood-curdling violence. it's certainly not as surreal as some of miike's most recent films, but this is expected as he's trying out things that he's just starting to learn, following a track record of straight to video programmers. it's got all of those qualities, and it's also, like the films that would follow from it, equally savage and heartfelt, crazy (in spots) and sardonic in its drama, and solid for genre fans.the story concerns two brothers, one a chinese orphan raised in japan, tatsuhito kiriya (kippei shiina, pretty decent as a eastwood-esquire anti-hero/hero), who's become a detective, and another, who's become a gangster, or a would-be one. the main arch likely takeover gang comes from wang (a definite pun on what the gang represents during its spare-time, played by tomorowo taguchi as a typical wacko with real terror in his eyes), and his partner karino (takeshi caesar, who's threatening even when just repeating a commandment over and over to a woman who's just had her eye plugged out following a sour deal), who are the ruthless kind to pop up almost organically in a miike movie. there's some intrigue involving the organ-trading scheme with the gangsters, which kiriya almost becomes a victim of, and the gang's penchant for gay sex- at least with one little puppet of sorts who does whatever the main gangsters want. it all leads up to vengeance and redemption, qualities that miike and his writer are trying to emulate from shakespeare (hence the macbeth bit with wang washing his bloody hangs over and over after some gay sex saying "it won't come off").if it doesn't add up to the same emotional level of impact that a great shakespeare play would have, it's par for the course of a film like this. miike's goals are met, though just met, in his low-scale ambitions: a gangster picture with some added levels of harsh familial trouble (the main tension between the brothers comes out of profession and duty to parents), notes on the crueler aspects of underworld crime, and what the realm of unrepentant sex, with both sexes, brings out psychologically in the characters. at the same time, shinjuku triad society also contains more than a few moments of classic biting black-comedy from the miike oeuvre. some of it just has to be taken with a grain of salt for what the director does in his outrageousness, like the bit at the beginning with the chair smashing over the face, or the randomness of the "interrogation" as it goes into a very twisted area. there's even a laugh-out-loud line from the young sex-slave after finishing an act on one of the bosses: "thank you, mr. weeny-burger." miike and his writer don't have enough here to make the film a full-on dark comedy like ichi or, of course, visitor q, but there's enough to bring some appropriate levity to the darker aspects to the story and characters.as the first entry of the "black society" trilogy, as it's called, i was quite impressed, and it's a fine quasi-calling card from one of the craziest new artists in contemporary cinema.

this movie is the first of miikes triad society trilogy, and the trilogy kicks of to a great start. the movies in the trilogy are only connected thematically, and these themes are actually apparent in all his films, if you look close enough. shinjuku triad society is about a cop trying to prevent his kid brother from getting too involved with a rather extreme gang of outsiders, struggling their way to the top of tokyos yakuza. the kid brother is a lawyer, and the triad gang is becoming increasingly in need of one, as the movie progresses. the movie takes place in a very harsh environment, and is therefore pretty violent and tough. miike has done worse, but since this is a serious movie it hits you very hard. as usual there is also a lot of perverted sex, mostly homosexual in this one. the movie is in many ways a typical gangster movie, but with a great drive and true grittiness. if you've only seen miikes far-out movies (ichi the killer, fudoh etc.) this is worth checking out since it is sort of a compromise between his aggressive over-the-top style displayed in those movies and his more serious side, as seen in the other films of the trilogy. and as always with miike, there are at least two scenes in this that you'll never forget (see it and figure out which ones for yourself).8/10

a lot has been said about shinjuku triad society as the first true "miike" film and i thought this sort of description might have been a cliché. but, like all clichés, it is based on the truth. all the miike trademarks are here, the violence, the black humour, the homosexuality, the taboo testing and the difficult to like central character. shinjuku is however, one of miike's most perfectly formed films. he says in an interview that if he made it again it would be different, but not necessarily better. i think what he means is that the film possesses a truly captivating energy and raw edge which seems so fresh that although he might be able to capture a more visually or technically complex movie he could not replicate or better the purity of this film. as you might expect, the violence is utterly visceral, gushing blood and gritty beatings are supplemented by a fantastic scene in which a woman has a chair smashed over her face. (only a miike film could let you get away with a sentence like that.) the film has a fantastic pace, unlike dead or alive which begins and ends strongly and dips in the middle. dead or alive also deals with similar issues, miike is clearly concerned about the relations between the japanese and chinese in the postwar period and this emotive subject is handled well here, the central character really coming to life when you begin to understand his past. i cannot sing shinjuku's praises enough. i do not want to give away too much. this is miike before he began to use cgi to animate his films and is almost reminiscent of something like kitano's sonatine. the central characters are superbly realized and the final twist guarantees that as soon as the film has finished you'll be popping it back on again to work it all out.

this one and "her pilgrim soul" are two of my favorite episodes in this new version of twilight zone. as i mentioned in my comment on the new series, there's something lacking in this new series. maybe they emphasize too much the lesson that has to be learned. it's a little bit more mawkish and sentimental than serling's version. however, this episode can be considered as quite sentimental too. i think the appeal is that no matter what they do, the lovers can never unite. i remember i wasn't surprised by the korean movie "il mare" (later remade into "the lake house". i think it's because i saw this episode first so it ruined the impact of the later film.

this a good episode of the new twilight zone that actually includes interesting ideas and clever stories (i note both of them are based on short stories). "examination day" is set in the future, year unknown but at a point where they have cake candles that light themselves, huge tv-looking "phones" that double as numerous other entertaining machines and distributed only to those of a certain age...and the examination day, a point where 12-year-olds must undergo a government-required iq test. the kid is this story, dickie jordan (david mendenhall) is just celebrating his own 12th birthday and is a smart kid, so is calm, even eager to take the test that he has seen friends pass easily and knows he will excel at based on his school grades. his parents (christopher allport and elizabeth norment), on the other hand, say he shouldn't have used his birthday wish on getting a good score, and while their reason includes that they believe he's capable and he should have no need to worry, it's pretty obvious they are worried. i won't give anything away in the ending, but i will say this - there's a point where we get a glimpse of what's to come as far ass why the test is such a heavy subject: that evening (or another?) his parents ask dickie whether he'd prefer to watch tv all night. by today's standards, we'd be pleased he'd say he'd rather read and not just because there's nothing worth watching...but why would his family ask this? the flavor of what's encouraged and discouraged in the future reminded me a bit of the atmosphere from harrison bergenon (which i hear hasn't received a great adaptation to the screen). i only wish they could've provided an opening and closing narration to make this theme as powerful as the obsolete man was. i found it to be better than the short story it was based on. i haven't read the one that "a message from charity" was based on, but would like to since it was interesting - a 16-year-ld boy, peter (robert duncan mcneill) is suffering a fever from unclean water, that has always been common in his massachusetts hometown...but he is able to see through the eyes of a young puritan woman suffering the same type of fever, charity payne, (kerry noonann) who also finds herself able to experience what goes on around him. they both recover, especially since it's common for that to happen in 1985, but the connection doesn't go away. charity is curious about the sights and sounds she records of 1985 and they each enjoy each other's company, especially peter, who has promoted grades in school enough to always have felt isolated from other students, even at the college he's been staying in one place at. things take an unexpected turn, though, when charity reveals some of these experiences to a friend who take her claims that the 13 colonies will breach from england as a sign of bewitchment, added to the fact that she was spared death from the fever (not so common in 1700). the two try to learn a way to save her. the ending is sad but has an interesting final moment that makes it touching. both segments of this episode include a lot of pain but both times, through a lesson/warning that sounds like something rod sterling would've cooked up and entertainment, make cheerful watching as reminders that friendship, love, and wisdom do a great deal. probably 3/4 of this has no theme, but somehow i think it all would have been approved by sterling's crew.

remember these two stories fondly and in the first, set in the not too distant future, we see a young boy preparing for examination day, the state i.q test. the boy is slightly puzzled as to his parents anxiety as some of his friends have already done it already and eventually goes off to do the test. upon arriving he is given an injection and is curious as to why. the examiner smiles and tells him that it is just to make sure he tells the truth. the boy then asks, puzzled again, why wouldn't he? it is later and the parents are sitting waiting worriedly by the screen when a message appears and declares that the state are sorry, but their son's i.q level has exceeded the national quotient and ask politely would they like a private burial. a corker of a concluding scene! a message from charity was a heart warming story about a fluke mental connection between a girl from the past and a guy from the present. which pans out into a weird story of witchcraft accusations in the past and delving into the history pages in the present. a nice story with a heartwarming conclusion.

melvyn douglas once more gives a polished performance in which, this time, he inhabits the role of a detective who can't place love before duty and adventure, and the warmly beautiful joan blondell (who, far from being illiterate, as one reviewer suggested, wrote a novel about her early life) is as enjoyable as ever as his ever-suffering sweetheart.it's almost a screwball comedy, almost a thin man-type movie, almost a series, i guess, that didn't quite make it to a sequel. it doesn't quite reach classic status, but it has all the ingredients for a fun 85 minutes with an episodic but pacey script, fine character actors, and direction that keeps it all moving fast enough so that you nearly don't notice that williams (douglas) isn't exactly columbo when it comes to detecting. i wish there were more films like this.

the "amazing mr. williams" stars melvyn douglas, who did five films in 1939, one of which was ninotchka with garbo. his co-star was joan blondell (maxine), who also did five films that year, three of which they made together! douglas is lt. williams, and he and his co-horts are presented with a dead body, and they must figure out what really happened. viewers will recognize his co-workers - the actors (clarence kolb, donald macbride, don beddoe) always played positions of authority... senators, bank presidents, policemen. this who-dunnit has a flair of comedy to it -- the policemen are always throwing jabs at each other, and even williams and his girlfriend are battling verbally. some fun gags - williams even takes the man they arrested along on a date with his girlfriend. there's a lot of fun stuff in here, so get past the slow beginning and wait for the funnier stuff later on. don't want to give away any spoilers, so you'll have to catch it on turner classic movies. director alexander hall made mostly comedies, and was reportedly engaged to lucy at some point.

melvyn douglas and joan blondell co-star in "the amazing mr. williams," a 1939 mystery/comedy that's quite good, although forgotten, probably due to the number of incredible films that came out in 1939.douglas plays a talented police detective married to his job, while his girlfriend waits for a wedding that is constantly postponed. what happens in this film is no exception - he's called to a murder scene just as he's about to walk down the aisle yet again.both stars were excellent at comedy, worked together well (and often), and help make this battle of the sexes fun. edward brophy and donald mcbride are on hand for excellent support.as you can read in other reviews, melvyn douglas doesn't make much of a woman.entertaining if a little on the long side.one of the comments here trashed melvyn douglas, one of our greatest actors. he literally floated effortlessly through dozens of films as the other man and the best friend before coming into his own in films as an old man. he wasn't lazy, but rather, a very hard-working actor (who made it look easy) who had a broadway career simultaneously with his film career. he just wasn't cast as a leading man in films or given very challenging roles under the studio system. i challenge anyone to see his devastating performances in "hud" and "i never sang for my father" and call him lazy or make reference to his smirk.

the only other review of this movie as of this date really trashes the stars and the movie itself. i usually like to read the user comments to give me an idea of what to expect from a movie i don't know much about. it's unfortunate when there aren't many comments for a certain tile, because when there is only one review and it unreasonably trashes the movie and cast, you don't get an idea of what to expect. i read the review before watching this title and i don't know where all the venom for this movie and the stars came from. douglas and blondell were both very talented and attractive people who usually delivered, even when the material was not the greatest. i found the movie and the performances fun and enjoyable. it isn't one of the great all-time classics, but a pleasant and funny diversion-much more than you can hope for in most newer movies. if you are a fan of these stars, you will not be disappointed.

what was there about 1939 that helped produce so many excellent hollywood films? well, whatever it was, the magic may also be found in this columbia picture. it's a long forgotten screwball comedy that turner classic movies has begun to show. (maltin's movie book does not contain it.) in nearly every department, amazing mr. williams is a jewel.it's the story of a first-rate police detective who can never find the time to marry his intended. as the wedding bells are about to ring, he gets called to the scene of a murder. the lady in question has to learn the hard way not only to enjoy the pursuit of criminals but to belong to the police force. there are a lot of laughs in the process.melvyn douglas proved again that he had few peers in light comedy. joan blondell was at the peak of her career and is a delight. edward brophy and donald mcbride are hilarious.the film goes on a bit too long, but who cares? the screwball comedies are always able to entertain, and this film belongs right in there with the best.

delightful minor film, juggling comedy and detective, romance and drama genres as nimbly as lt kenny williams (melvyn douglas) balances his devotion to his girl maxine carroll (joan blondell) and his duty to the force as an ace detective.this hodge-podge may not appeal to all viewers today, but in its day, it had something to offer every member of the movie-going family, and the resolution to the rather tired feeling-versus-duty plot is original and refreshing, and well worth the wait. "the amazing mr. williams" contains what must be among the most outrageous blind dates in film history, and its bright comic repartee sparkles. ludicrously frocked, melvyn douglas delivers some of the best lines: "i'd walk down main street in a turkish towel before i'd let any woman control my life!" and the effervescent joan blondell lets her barbs fly with typical aplomb: "good grief! you look like my aunt nellie!' the crime-solving here is standard fare, although a fine cast of character actors helps bring the material to life. from today's vantage point, "the amazing mr. williams" is perhaps most interesting for its insightful commentary on gender as a socially defined construct, all the more malleable for its seemingly rigid boundaries. while much of the gender commentary takes place in a superficial battle of the sexes, at times it is both subtle and penetrating, playing out not only in some of the finer details of the film, but in the battle of genres that reaches its culmination in the final scene.

if you want mindless action, hot chicks and a post-apocalyptic view of seattle, then this is the show for you!the concept of dark angel isn't anything new (in fact, there's controversy over whether james cameron stole the idea from a book), but i spend the entire hour watching it every tuesday from start to finish.jessica alba is smoking and max' friends (original cindy, kendra) are just as hot. the fight scenes are getting better, but the dialogues between original cindy and max need to be a little bit better (the slang sounds forced and it sounds like someone living in the suburbs wrote it).in my opinion, dark angel is a great guilty pleasure filled with everything an action fan could ask for, but if you're looking for hard hitting, award-winning drama, go watch "the west wing" or something.

all i have to say is if you don't like it then there is something wrong with you. plus jessica is just all kinds of hot!!!!! the only reason you may not like it is because it is set in the future where seattle has gone to hell. that and you my not like it cause the future they show could very well happen.

how anyone can say this is bad is beyond me. i loved this show before i even saw it. for 3 reasons, 1. the story intrigued me, 2. jessica alba and 3. james cameron! please ignore the bad comments and please watch the whole first season before you decide that it's bad because i know that if you watch the first season you will love it and go out and buy season 1 as well as season 2 on dvd and then join the campaign to get season 3 made!i hate fox and i'm sure a lot of you "dark angel" fans hate them too. they have a thing for canning good shows! don't you all agree?

i thought this had the right blend of character, plot, futuristic stuff and special effects without going over board. it will take a while to get going, but the acting was good and i was intrigued by the angel who is not to hard to look at. i like the attitude too! certainly not like other attempts at futuristic stories.

this is the best sci-fi that i have seen in my 29 years of watching sci-fi. i also believe that dark angel will become a cult favorite. the action is great but jessica alba is the best and most gorgeous star on tv today.

i love this show, it's sure to be a winner. jessica alba does a great job, it's about time we have a kick-ass girl who's not the cutesy type. the entire cast is wonderful and all the episopes have good plots. everything is layed out well, and thought over. to put it together must have taken a while, because it wasn't someone in a hurry that just slapped something together. it's a great show altogether.

dark angel is a cross between huxley's brave new world and percy's love in the ruins--portraying the not too distant future as a disturbing mixture of chaos and order, both in the worst sense of the word. once one swallows the premise that all modern technology can be brought to a standstill by "the pulse," it provides an entertaining landscape for exploring the personalities of and relationships between the two primary characters--max (the dark angel/bike messenger) and logan (the rich rebel). it seems uneven, perhaps a result of a variety of authors, but is held together by the energetic, beautiful, and charming jessica alba, who seems both strong and calloused yet vulnerable and sensitive. i think that fox has done it again.

all the acting done in the first season has been really amazing. the first look you get of max and zach is through geneva locke and chris lazar or as i like to call them the minis. the minis do the best acting job that i have ever seen kids do. the main actors and actresses i.e. jessica alba michael weatherly etc. make you forget you are watching a fictional t.v. show they seem to make this show come alive. all in all this is the best show i have ever watched

i think this show is definitely the greatest show. jessica alba does such a great job in it. michael weatherly also does an awesome job, as well as the rest of the cast. the show is very intriguing and they have wonderful storylines and their stunts are amazing. it's like watching a 1-hour movie. it's definitely worth watching.

this is an absolute great show. jessica alba, besides being the most beautiful women in the world, is a great actress. she does a great job of portraying max, and i could never see anyone else doing that role. she is definitely one of a kind and absolutely gorgeous.

i just got puzzled why damn fox canceled the season3 although season2 was not as good as season1 which is excellent indeed!!!i like it so much that i even thinking about buying dvd on amazon.(failed! :_(i am a chinese student and it's inconvenient for me to get a international credit card and $).i just hope fox can bring back da someday somehow!

i can't understand what it is that fans of the genre didn't like about this film. it was truly a lot of fun. the special effects were wonderful. i generally agree with reviews and with imdb voters, but not this time. i waited until it came to home video which i felt was another reason that i wouldn't enjoy the film. i believe special effects films need to be seen on the big screen, but again this was not the case. to me the film begs comparison to two films that were released around the same time. blair witch and the mummy. both films that i thought were terrible. blair was probably the most overrated horror film of all time. the mummy made gobs of money and it was pure dreck. people liked it for it's special effects. films like the mummy and the haunting are not rich in character development, they are more like funhouse rides. well with that analogy the mummy was a b ticket to the haunting's e-ticket.

what can i say that hasn't been said about "the haunting"? it has everything that would make a great picture. wonderful sets, moody music, and sound design to die for were all in place. the screenplay, though, sometimes boggles the mind in such a weird, surrealistic way. the entire team must have forgotten to read it through, maybe because they were too busy creating cg effects and building gothic sets to notice how weak the plot was. each member of the cast gives a worthy performance, although with little conviction to the material at hand. lili taylor has the most to do while the others mostly react to her. but that's about it. all i can say is that it was a slightly enjoyable two hours, but you will definitely want more. a lot more.

what can i say about it?it's another hollywood's horror flick with very high budget(80 million dollars).not scary at all,it offers us only a few thrills and one really creepy sequence with skeleton in the fireplace.a lot of computer generated special effects and nothing more.catherine zeta-jones is beautiful as always,lili taylor is also a good actress.the architecture of the hill house is amazing,all these monuments,statues,furniture...delicious!however i don't like the ending because it was so luscious.check this one out and form your own opinion on it.i give this picture 7 out of 10.

dark angel is a futuristic sci-fi series, set in post-apocalyptic seattle, centering on max (jessica alba), a genetically enhanced young woman, on the run from her creators.the dark angel universe is absorbing, (not as much as say buffy, but absorbing nonetheless) with an interesting and believable set of characters. certainly, it is not for everyone, but those who give it time will find themselves watching one of the most enjoyable series out there. dark angel is criminally overlooked, and under-rated, and was unfortunatly canceled after only 2 series. which was a great shame, as this had the potential to become a great series, although its 42 episodes are only 10 shy of long running bbc sci-fi comedy red dwarf. as it is dark angel remains unfinished, so seek it out, and if you want more, lobby fox to make another series.

i rented this movie this past weekend, cranked up the surround sound system, and got some great sound from special affects. this movie is a great movie rental, the special affects where enough to scare my fiance, but i noticed some looked suprisingly computer generated. i didn't go to the movies and see this, but its a scary late night don't feel like going out movie. i would recommend it!

some films just simply should not be remade. this is one of them. in and of itself it is not a bad film. but it fails to capture the flavor and the terror of the 1963 film of the same title. liam neeson was excellent as he always is, and most of the cast holds up, with the exception of owen wilson, who just did not bring the right feel to the character of luke. but the major fault with this version is that it strayed too far from the shirley jackson story in it's attempts to be grandiose and lost some of the thrill of the earlier film in a trade off for snazzier special effects. again i will say that in and of itself it is not a bad film. but you will enjoy the friction of terror in the older version much more.

i don't know why the critics trashed this movie. i hardly ever agree with them anyway.the movie could have been a little scarier - i don't usually go to horror movies! i even had to psych myself up to see it in the daytime. i needn't have bothered! ;) (the cinema was full of kids too, heh! ;) ... liam was great as always. i also liked catharine zeta jones (theo) and lili taylor (eleanor-nell)the house was very gothic and beautiful in a spooky way. the special and sound effects were awesome. i also loved the music score, particularly the gentle tunes for eleanor and her journey to save the children, how she grew out of her stagnant routine and life and finally gain her power, peace and freedom.

i know it is fashionable now to hate this movie. i have seen hundreds of spook films including he original 1963 haunting as well as most of the hammer films. this film is not restrained and does not hold back at all which is probably why so many modern viewers seemed not to like it. yet many viewers can accept out of control films like scream because knife killers are more easy to believe for most people than demons or ghosts. actually this film had many great scenes and the acting and special effects were great. i have seen it 15 times now and it gets better every time. the director of this film has made a number of interesting and stylish films and was not trying for the type of realism of the 6th sense. the haunting lets go and is certainly not boring. perhaps this film might appeal more to john carpenter fans but more of an traditional plot structure. the old haunting was also a fine film from 1963. it was even more scary. see both and also the innocents and the legend of hell house with pamela franklin.

the haunting is a film that boasts a really creepy house, good effects work and sound work, a cast that seems to believe that everything around them is real and that house. there are scenes that make you jump, and the sinister aspects of what went on at hill house in the past, i found interesting. there are genuinely creepy moments in the film and i liked the way the ghosts manifested themselves in sheets, curtains and the house itself. jerry goldsmith's score gave it the right atmosphere and the sound design had voices popping up around you. what i wish could've happened is for something a little more intense. jan de bont had a pg-13 rating to contend with and i think that he held back a little too much. poltergeist scared me silly when i saw it many years ago, and it still holds up. the haunting could've used a few more scenes of pure terror. the ending was for me, a little anticlimactic. overall, i enjoyed it. the acting is good and there are moments that make you jump. i just wish it scared me more.

this show is so full of action, and everything needed to make an awsome show.. but best of all... it actually has a plot (unlike some of those new reality shows...). it is about a transgenic girl who escapes from her military holding base.. i totally suggest bying the dvds, i've already preordered them... i suggest you do to...

like a lot of series pilots, dark angel's opener shows a mixture of great potential and a slight problem finding its own feet. not that this is unusual in any way, but there is a feeling that it could have worked better if the story was tightened and focused a little more. in today's world where something has to catch on instantly or face cancellation, the series did itself a bit of a disservice by not coming out at least halfway focused, with all guns blazing.the ninety-minute pilot really feels like two episodes glued together, and both episodes have a problem with focus. in the first half, we are introduced to max and filled in on what drives her. we also get a few interesting routines with max using her abilities to win bets, interacting with a pi, or sorting out co-workers' domestic problems. the problem here is that this is nothing out of the ordinary for any human being with a normal set of genes, on television or otherwise.it's when we hit the second half that we get a story with a purpose and focus. throughout the two halves, max finds herself the focus of attention from a pirate journalist who feels it is mission in life to save the world by exposing one dirty dealer at a time. in the second half, the repercussions catch up with him, and max reluctantly cleans up the resulting mess. this sets up the premise for the entire rest of the series, and it works, but it doesn't quite click if you get my meaning. it's like most of the pieces are there, but a couple that make a complete image have been left out. perhaps they get filled in with later episodes, but that's beside the point. the fact is that the contents of this episode could easily have been told with twenty-eight less minutes.the last of the negatives is that a lot of the support cast are totally unendearing. original cindy in particular is an annoyance, and i doubt that changed during the next twenty episodes. while the acting isn't as bad as daytime soap, it isn't of such quality that i'd commend it. jessica alba is not the worst actor in the world, but she does come up short in terms of being convincing when the story needs it least.the good news is that the premise and the production values are all top-notch. in fact, this series was considered quite expensive to produce, and it is quite unfortunate that it was cancelled in order to be replaced by another show that didn't last a whole season. especially when there was ample time for both shows - they could have simply cancelled one of the pieces of disingenious garbage they flog under the banner of reality tv. the fact is that we need more shows like dark angel, where imagination rather than overhype, are used to draw the attention.in all, i gave the dark angel pilot a seven out of ten. it never rises above the level of throwaway television, and it never got a chance to live up to the potential it shows within its own running time. but the potential is there, and that's often all that matters where pilots are concerned.

i think dark angel is great! first season was excellent, and had a good plot. with max(jessica alba) as an escaped x-5, manticore creation, trying to adapt to a normal life, but still "saving the world". and being hunted by manticore throughout the season which gives the series some extra spice.the second season though suddenly became a bit odd compared to the first. the plot kinda disappeared, and the series lost a little of it's charm, mostly because of all the weird "creatures" appearing. don't get me wrong the second season is good, but with a little bit to much of the "manticores". however, they managed to get back to a new promising plot in the closing episodes of season 2, in which i had a lot of hopes to see more of.so i really wish they could start making new episodes. and with james cameron behind this it can't go wrong. so as a conclusion i would say it's a great series, however i'm still hoping for a third season!

i bought dark angel seasons 1 & 2 two weeks ago, after catching a couple of season 1 episodes on channel 5. nothing prepared me for how brilliant the show is. i haven't enjoyed anything as much since firefly (also and amazing show). i'll admit season 2 wqasn't quite as good, but there are still some amazing episodes (see designate this, bag 'em, the berrisford agenda, harbor lights, freak nation etc.) and alec is great. i've heard some of the plans for the would-be season 3, and i have to say, i can't believe it was cancelled - i won't spoil it for you - but it would have rocked! i also think it has a lot of potential as a movie (although at the moment it seems highly unlikely). as proof of my obsessiveness, max's barcode number is 332960073452, and in the two weeks i've had it, i am 3 episodes away from having watched both seasons twice. it's just too good.

jessica alba's max and valerie rae miller's original cindy shines in this actionpacked and atmospheric serial. wonderfully politically incorrect. quality varies greatly from episode to episode, but generally the standard is high and when it is not, jessica is always worth looking at. valerie's urban jivetalking afroamerican is occationally almost dragging dark angel into sitcom territory.

definitely needed a little work in season 2. such as the virus between max and logan, and ames white along with his ancient, super cult. during season two, however, the only thing that kept me watching was to see if max and logan would ever get rid of the nasty virus infecting max. very good drama in season two. but of course like all tv shows, if there's something a little wrong with it, the broadcasting company takes it off the air. i was seriously hoping for a third and final season. season 2 leaves you hanging, unless you read the books by max allan collins, then you will know what happens.dark angel should be put back on the air for one more season even though it might cost a lot just to get all the original actors again. since jessica alba's carrier sky rocketed after the show. if that would be the case, then there should be a movie to complete it. just like the show firefly, which of course fox canceled as well.

i would like to comment the series as a great effort. the story line although requiring a few improvements was pretty well, especially in season 1. season 2 however became more of a freak show, and lost da's original charm. season one story line was more interesting, a light side to the life at jam pony while a focused serious plot with manticore chasing down the x-series. i was looking forward to new seasons, in fact i still am. i hope the fox guys and da production crew realize that a lot of ppl still wait for da to make a comeback. even after 2 yrs of it being cancelled, da can make it big if worked on properly, and i think a name like james cameron should take on this challenge.

it took us a couple of episodes to "get into" dark angel as a story and a series, since we were transitioning from the sopranos, a very different mentality framework. but, once we got with the gist of the series, we were very quickly hooked. it's a shame that the series ended just when it was just starting to past good into the excellent category: dark angelwas much more than your average tv series. it kicks ass and rocks as far as action goes, but the interactions of the characters and societal reactions to "mutants" reminds us of the constant prejudices that we face (and make) everyday. that the story is set in the future keeps the mood surreal and prevents the anti-discrimination message from being rubbed in our faces (hence not ruining the "fun" for those who don't like to be lectured during entertainment), but every event and human/societal interaction remains relevant to the present. we all make judgments, face our own prejudices, but, in the end, the question of who you are lies in: do you sit back and shut your mind to it, or do you get up and do something about it? for those who have no choice but to fight, for survival or justice, this series empowers them. for those who've never had to face the question, this series "sneaks in" that message under the guise of pure action entertainment. it is much more well-made and well-written than most tv series; i'm highly disappointed it ended before it could really kick into high gear.

dark angel rocks! the best show i have seen in ages damn those people who took it off! me and my friends have gatherings to watch every da episode! takes like 4 days but it is worth it! it finished before it finished what it wanted to say and that annoys the hell out of me!

i miss dark angel!..i understand not ever one likes it, but as far as i'm concerned the show should not have been canceled, especially for another space show mock up...i'm reading the books now. they are doing a pretty good job of explaining somethings, but i still think we should get a tv movie or something.the freak nation lives!!!!!!!!

of course i would have to give this film 10 out of 10 as my uncle was the main screenplay writer of once upon a crime. rodolfo sonego wrote screenplays for over 50 years living in italy. he was a great story teller and someone suggested that he put his stories into writing. so rodolfo sonego did. if you check out his biography, you can see the number of movies that have been made in italy. alberto sordie was the main actor that starred in his stories. my uncle visited australia and my town, in 1968 to check out locations for "a girl in australia" and created a great movie about a proxy bride after the second world war. you can see his humor in all his movies. i found a copy of this movie on dvd recently. great

i saw this ages ago when i was younger and could never remember the title, until one day i was scrolling through john candy's film credits on imdb and noticed an entry named "once upon a crime...". something rang a bell and i clicked on it, and after reading the plot summary it brought back a lot of memories.i've found it has aged pretty well despite the fact that it is not by any means a "great" comedy. it is, however, rather enjoyable and is a good riff on a hitchcock formula of mistaken identity and worldwide thrills.the movie has a large cast of characters, amongst them an american couple who find a woman's dog while vacationing in europe and decide to return it to her for a reward - only to find her dead body upon arrival. from there the plot gets crazier and sillier and they go on the run after the police think they are the killers.kind of a mix between "it's a mad mad mad mad world" and a lighter hitchcock feature, this was directed by eugene levy and he managed to get some of his good friends - such as john candy - to star in it. the movie is mostly engaging due to its cast, and the ending has a funny little twist that isn't totally unpredictable but also is kind of unexpected.

i love monte carlo and thoroughly enjoyed this movie. i thought everyone was very good. i was not familiar with richard lewis, i thought he made his character (julian peters) very personable, funny and attractive. sean young was very good as the befuddled rejected girl with a heart of gold. george hamilton was charming and the perfect italian gigolo. john candy has a field day as the bon vivant. james belushi is hysterical as a total jerk. cybill shepard gave a very sweet performance as a nice vulnerable ignored housewife. delightful ensemble cast. lots of talent, clever script, lots going on and beautiful locations. just a nice pick me up for a dreary day. especially in the winter when a trip to europe is not anywhere on your horizon.

with a well thought out cast, this movie was a great comedic relief. the plot is well-written and the cast was knockout. every bit as good as the reviews suggested (a rarity) and was highly entertaining. being a huge john candy fan myself, this movie was no disappointment.

this movie has an all star cast, john candy, richard lewis, ornella mutti, cybill shepard, and jim belushi to name a few, run amuck in monte carlo, as well as some other beautiful european locations, and is very funny. the trouble that everyone gets in when they lie to protect themselves is great, and i highly recommend that you see this movie, it is well worth it! john candy is in top form in once upon a crime, as is everyone else! if you and your family are looking for a great family film, this is your ticket. everyone gives stellar performances, great acting, great comedy, and great timing, which is rare in movies these days. great plot, great mystery, (which i love anyways) and overall, well worth the money you spend on it. so get the kids, grab some popcorn, juice, or tea, or sodas, and enjoy the show!!!!

john candy's performance in once upon a crime is possibly his best ever. it's been my favourite movie since it came out. i spent 5 years searching for it. that's how good it is. if you disagree, well, that's your opinion. enjoy the movie.

sure this movie wasn't like. 16 blocks, inside man, an american haunting. etc...but it was a great mystery that can happen to anyone of us.. i found this movie really great and scary.i live exactly where they filmed this movie "san pedro, california" and we have heard true stories based on incidents of this movie.i dunno if you've heard of the famous boat in long beach "queen mary" well that boat is haunted. i believe in spirts, illusions, and parallel or however u spell that. is real. everybody's in there own universe.and the mind is a powerful thing.i recommend to watch this movie. it's great, and not bad directing at all.for those who rate it a 1. they don't understand the film. its meaning. its plot, its view. and how bad the ocean life can be for each and everyone of us.ty.victor

i borrowed this movie despite its extremely low rating, because i wanted to see how the crew manages to animate the presence of multiple worlds. as a matter of fact, they didn't - at least, so its seems. some cameo appearance cut rather clumsily into the movie - that's it, this is what the majority of viewers think. however, the surprise comes at the end, and unfortunately then, when probably most of the viewers have already stopped this movie. i was also astonished when i saw that the brazilian-portuguese title of this movie means "voyage into death". this is the spoiler.that this movie is about a young girl who goes alone onto this boat (on reasons that are completely unclear), you understand only in the last 5 minutes. when you start the movie with the english title "haunted boat" in your head, you clearly think that the cameo appearances of strange figures are the "ghosts". but in reality, this movie is not like most other horror movies told from the distant writer-watcher perspective who can at almost any time differentiate between different levels of reality, it is told from the perspective of the young girl. we see her not alone, but together with the four friends because she sees them. we do not see that she is alone. so, the parallel worlds are not the cameo appearances flickering into the picture-stream, but the main story! we have at least two parallel worlds: the world in which the girl is and the world in which the 4 friends are. an intrusion of a third world is probably the young man with the medical skills who comes for a short time on the boat.i cannot get rid of the deep conviction that with this movie, the movie-makers "cheated" an audience of several thousand people by letting them believe that what they have done is more or less a sophomore film-student elaborate with hastily "chosen" pseudo-actors that have met just the night before the start of the shooting in a dump after at least twelve beers. how mistaken can one be! but in addition to this big surprise which one learns only in the very last minutes, the end that follows gives another surprise. the girl is saved by a crew in a helicopter and another boat. when she has recovered from her shock, she visits again the place at the harbor where she ascended the boat together with the four friends. and there they are again! they wave her to them from the boat which has already taken off shore. she jumps into the water, arrives at the boat - and they are away. miraculously beautiful. it remembers me a bit to the end of a poem by a rhetoromance writer: when i awoke, i saw death standing at my bed. but i closed my eyes. when i opened them again - he was gone.

enjoyed this 1936 film with plenty of veteran classic actors and especially, william powell, (dr. lawrence bradford), "mister roberts", who played the role as a doctor and detective. dr. bradford was once married to jean arthur, (paula bradford), "shane", and got a divorce and still they managed to live with each other and also fight all the time. paula wanted her husband to investigate a homicide and did everything she could to convince him it was very important. jean arthur plays a rather nutty type and there is plenty of 1936 comedy and the method of murder is something you will never believe, especially with a jockey on a california race track. robert armstrong, (nick martel) "king kong" gave a great supporting role as a bookie along with james gleason, a detective who need the help of dr. bradford in order to solve this very strange murder mystery. if you see this film, just remember it was produced and directed in 1936 and the people in the audience in those days thought this was great entertainment and it really was in those days!

"the ex-mrs. bradford" (1936), starring thin man series star william powell (this film was released the same year as the second thin man film, "after the thin man," comes very close to duplicating the fun and style of the thin man films, but it nonetheless misses. still, it is a wonderfully fun, highly entertaining murder mystery in the same comic vein.is myrna loy missed? of course, let's not lie. however, i'd be hard-pressed to name a better substitute than jean arthur. and the chemistry between arthur and co-star william powell is real and it's fun, romantic and involving.the story and screenplay by anthonyu vieller and john wyne's production company partner, james edward grant ("the angel & the bad man") is close to being up there with a thin man effort, but lacks a bit of the proper wit and sizzle.while it's not in the stratosphere of 'the thin man" movies (what else is?), "the ex-mrs. bradford" is one of the most entertaining of the dozens and dozens of mystery-comedy "who-done-its" of the '30s & 40s.

william powell is a doctor dealing with a murder and an ex-wife in "the ex-mrs. bradford," also starring jean arthur, eric blore, and james gleason. it seems that powell had chemistry going with just about any woman with whom he was teamed. though he and myrna loy were the perfect screen couple, the actor made a couple of other "thin man" type movies, one with ginger rogers and this one with arthur, both to very good effect.somehow one never gets tired of seeing powell as a witty, debonair professional and "the ex-mrs. bradford" is no exception. the ex-mrs. b has mr. b served with a subpoena for back alimony and then moves back in to help him solve a mystery that she's dragged him into. and this isn't the first time she's done that! it almost seems as though there was a "bradford" film before this one or that this was intended to be the first of a series of films - mr. b complains that his mystery-writer ex is constantly bringing him into cases. this time, a jockey riding the favorite horse in a raise mysteriously falls off the horse and dies right before the finish line.the solution of the case is kind of outlandish but it's beside the point. the point is the banter between the couple and the interference of the ex-mrs. b. jean arthur is quite glamorous in her role and very funny. however, with an actress who comes off as brainy as arthur does, the humor seems intentional rather than featherbrained. i suspect the writer had something else in mind - say, the wacky side of carole lombard. when arthur hears that the police have arrived, she says, "ah, it's probably about my alimony. i've been waiting for the police to take a hand in it," it's more of a rib to powell rather than a serious statement. it still works well, and it shows how a good actress can make a part her own.definitely worth watching, as william powell and jean arthur always were.

i've seen the thin man series -- powell and loy are definitely great, but there is something awfully sweet about powell and arthur's chemistry in this flick. jean arthur shines when she looks at powell. there is an unmistakable undercurrent buzzing between them. this film may not have the wit of the thin man series, but undeniably makes up for it in charm. while i watched it, i thought for sure powell was carrying on an off-screen affair with arthur. my friends thought the same. this is one film where i wish i could step back in time (to schmooze and lock lips with powell!) there seems to be no end to his lovable playful smirks! powell's character, lawrence bradford, is probably the closest thing to the "perfect man." okay, this is sounding way too gushy, but i can't help myself.

rko studios decided to borrow both william powell from mgm and jean arthur from columbia, for one of their more big budget efforts to cash in on the popularity of the thin man. they succeeded to some degree.a lot of folks forget that in addition to and earlier than nick charles, bill powell also played in a few philo vance films in the title role. so by this time he was pretty well set in the role. doctor bradford is not doing as many liquid lunches as nick charles, but the basic blasé nick is still there. one difference is that while nick charles married an heiress, doctor bradford works for a living as a physician. that helps in his avocation of detective and in fact it does in this film.he's got two murders to solve. a jockey falls off a horse coming into the homestretch of a big race and dies for no apparent reason. the trainer suspects something afoot, but he's bumped off by the more conventional method of a bullet. this is after he comes to bill powell for help.myrna loy was a more steadying influence on bill powell than jean arthur was. arthur plays it as more of a dizzy dame than loy did. but it works here and she and powell have good chemistry.the ever dependable james gleason is the police inspector in the sam levene/nat pendleton role. all they needed here was asta and possibly eric blore as powell's butler was essaying that part.if powell and arthur were signed at this studio we might have seen a whole slew of bradford films.

the comic banter between william powell and jean arthur is the highlight of this murder mystery, which has one of the most bizarre and unlikely plots ever. powell is probably the most suave detective of the 30's, and arthur has a unique voice which often sounds like a succession of tiny tinkly bells. they are extremely fun to watch, so take the brashness of the plot with a grain of salt and just enjoy seeing it unfold. eric blore also has some comic turns as powell's butler.powell's contract with mgm included a clause which allowed him to reject being loaned out to another studio, but he wanted to work again with arthur and he liked the script, so he eagerly accepted the assignment. they had worked together in two 1929 paramount films, the canary murder case and the greene murder case, both in the philo vance series.

trawling through the sci fi weeklies section of the local video rentals store i was losing hope of finding any good movies i hadn't yet seen. renting cypher was like a punt on a possibly very lame horse. my son is so jaded with current "b" science fiction that he hasn't bothered seeing this yet.it must be noted i didn't see anything about cypher when it was released in australia. it must have been very quiet or i just missed it.well this was a really pleasant surprise! this is also no b movie. it's not a "blockbuster" of the epic variety and doesn't try to be - more a quiet movie that needs to be seen several times for it's plot to be fully savoured.the special effects are powerfully presented when they are used - my only complaint is the super helo is a leetle obviously cgi at first view, but they get it right at it's 2nd appearance, & that aside everything else is top notch. in any case the affects are secondary.i won't give anything away about the plot. the plot structure has a russian doll aspect a little reminiscent of basic instinct (though with very different content).just i will say that choosing jeremy northam for the lead was a master stroke. the actor was born in cambridge england, and his accent for this film hits the ear as a sort of extremely forced new england dialect, it's a tad off key. see the final twist of the plot and you'll see why that is such a brilliant choice! and lucy liu is also just right with her "will she kiss me - will she shoot me" edge.i rarely watch movies several times within days - this is one of them.

don't read anything about this movie (especially nothing that could contain any spoilers). just watch this awesome movie without knowing anything about it - and you'll have a really great experience. if you like to see an intelligent, twisted story: go, get the dvd and you'll truly not be disappointed. "cypher" is not really a sci-fi movie, more a psycho thriller settled in the environment of globalized business. it's about corporate secrets, how big companies spy each others research departments and the methods used by them. the actors do a great performance and the overall visual style of the movie provides a perfect mode of coldness. cypher is much deeper, more complex and - what belongs the story and the ending - also much, much more satisfying than vincenzo natali's other movies "cube" and "nothing". actually it's one of the best movies i've ever seen (and that's something i really don't say this about every fifth well-made flick). sorry, can't tell you anything more about this movie without risking to hurt your experience. just give it a chance. ;-)

"cypher" is a cleverly conceived story about industrial espionage set in america in the not too distant future. while thematically not complex, this film does offer many different perspectives about personal loyalty, ruthlessness, and corporate conspiracy. to a certain extent this film also attempts to represent modern corporate groups and companies as being indifferent to the risks their contract employees take on their behalf.the film starts off with a somewhat mediocre salary man, morgan sullivan (jeremy northam), who applies to the digicorp group to work as an undercover operative. after an initial briefing with digicorp's security chief, sullivan is then given a new identity (jack thursby) and sent to a business conference with the task of recording the speeches given by various spokesmen concerning the marketing strategies of each of their respective companies. upon successfully completing his first assignment, sullivan/thursby is sent on further missions to obtain the same type of information previously gathered. however, on one of his "business trips" he inadvertently runs into a woman named rita foster, (liu) whom he had met on his previous assignment, and from there things go extremely topsy-turvy. the implications of a diabolical conspiracy involving digicorp's espionage program begin to emerge and sullivan is forced to go deep cover at one of digicorp's main competitors, thus becoming a double agent involved in an intense rivalry between the two companies.((spoilers end here))what i liked most about this film was the efficient use of lighting and shadows in a lot of the scenes. vivid lighting was used in mainly domestic/household settings, while a lot of shadows and dark coloring were used for settings involving deception and cover-up. i was also very impressed with jeremy northam. not too often have i seen him in the lead role, and the fact that he plays a disenchanted married man straight out of wisconsin was brilliant. personally, i think he's one of the many under used actors in the industry who hasn't been given more challenging roles. lucy liu was also incredible in her part and gave the movie its real cloak-and-dagger tone. additionally, the rest of the supporting cast did a superb job, however, my only complaint was that some characters could have been explored more to make the plot and closure a little more complicated. for example, i would have loved to see what would have happened if jack thursby had developed a more intimate relationship with his second "wife." overall, this is a cleverly developed cloak-and-dagger story that keeps you guessing to the very end about personal and professional loyalties and whether anyone in the entire film can be trusted. with a smart and stylish soundtrack and great camera work, this film provides a scary look at how corporations might operate in the near future. i'm surprised that i had never watched this "hidden gem" before. this is a brilliant, not-too-overly complicated spy thriller, and therefore i'm giving it a 9 out of 10.

cypher is a clever, effective and eerie film that delivers. its good premise is presented well and it has its content delivered in an effective manner but also in a way the genre demands. although one could immediately label the film a science fiction, there is a little more to it. it has it's obvious science fiction traits but the film resembles more of a noir/detective feel than anything else which really adds to the story.the film, overall, plays out like it's some kind of nightmare; thus building and retaining a good atmosphere. we're never sure of what exactly is going on, we're never certain why certain things that are happening actually are and we're not entirely sure of certain people, similar to having a dream  the ambiguity reigns over us all  hero included and i haven't seen this pulled off in such a manner in a film before, bar terry gilliam's brazil. going with the eeriness stated earlier, cypher presents itself with elements of horror as well as detective, noir and science fiction giving the feeling that there's something in there for everyone and it integrates its elements well.there is also an espionage feeling to the film that aids the detective side of the story. the mystery surrounding just about everyone is disturbing to say the least and i find the fact that the character of rita foster (liu), who is supposed to resemble a femme fatale, can be seen as less of a threat to that of everything else happening around the hero: people whom appear as friends actually aren't, people who say they're helping are actually using and those that appear harmless enough are actually deadlier than they look. despite a lot of switching things around, twisting the plot several times and following orders that are put across in a way to make them seem that the world will end if they're not carried out; the one thing that seems the most dangerous is any romantic link or connection with lucy liu's character  and she's trying to help out(!) the film maintains that feeling of two sides battling a war of espionage, spying and keeping one up on its employees and opponents. the whole thing plays out like some sort of mini-cold war; something that resembles the u.s.a. and the u.s.s.r. in their war of word's heyday and it really pulls through given the black, bleak, often cgi littered screen that i was glued to. what was also rather interesting and was a nice added touch was the travel insert shot of certain american states made to resemble computer microchips as our hero flies to and from his stated destinations  significant then how the more he acts on his and foster's own motivation this sequence disappears because he's breaking away from the computerised, repetitive, controlled life that he's being told to live and is branching out.cyhper is very consistent in its content and has all the elements of a good film. to say it resembles the first jason bourne film, only set in the sci-fi genre, isn't cutting it enough slack but you can see the similarities; despite them both being released in the same year. like i mentioned earlier, there feels like there is something in this film for everyone and if you can look past the rather disappointing ending that a few people may successfully predict, you will find yourself enjoying this film.

cypher is a movie well worth seeing because it's not the run-of-the-mill sci-fi flick. the artistic approach is painted with dark scenes and a kind of macro view of what's going on. the close-up camera view is how the director keeps the plot illusive. the sci-fi aspect of the movie is secondary to the plot of the movie. the technology used in the movie isn't overly impressive, however, the director makes good use of the props. the character development is intentionally shallow. the main character, jeremy northam, decides to immerse himself into the world of espionage. it's up to the audience to figure out his enigmatic character and it's the enigma that keeps the audience interested right to the very end.

damn, i've seen this movie for at least 4 times now and i still don't get bored watching it.the visuals are so good and together with the music which is totally awesome and perfect fitting this movie is mind-blowing to me.the cgis are quite bad imho, but the whole visuals with the black and white feeling about it and the totally sterile interiors were just... just a genius perfect combination for such a movie. the whole feeling about the feeling is indescribable, the plot is so good.however although, the movie had little flaws, like e.g. sometimes i thought the movie was a bit too "slow", but i don't mean the scenic parts by that, i totally loved those.also i got distracted very often by the totally complex story, like when he is in the underground bunker-like thing of digicorps, where all their data is saved, and has this conversation with the guy down there... but that may also just be me :d and the end could have been displayed somehow more emphasized, they should have made the getting-back-true-memory-part a bit longer and "louder" but then again without all these flaws the movie would have been so good i would have never stopped watching it again and again...

this movie is a gem because it moves with soft, but firm resolution.i caution viewers that although it is billed as a corporate spy thriller and ms liu is there, it moves at a deftly purposeful yet sedate pace. it's not about explosions, car chases, or flying bullets. you must be patient and instead, note the details here. it's sedate because that's what the main character is. the viewer has to watch him and think as this story unfolds.i will not give spoilers-- because that destroys the point of watching. the plot is what you've read from the other postings: an average white-collar guy, seeking change and adventure, signs on for a corporate spy job. just go somewhere and secretly record and transmit inside data. take it from there.this movie starts at a surreal walk-- with a background tang of corporate disillusionment that entwines itself with quintessential, underlying suburban paranoia.then it begins to accelerate.the acting on all parts is superb-- and yes, some of the acts are caricature characters. but they all fit, and they entertain. and the light piano rhyme in the background is just perfect as the soft, soft key sinister theme: all is not right at the beginning.and at the end: all is not what it seems.get comfortable and turn the lights down to watch this one-- and turn up the sound: this movie wants you to listen.

this is my first comment! this is a fantastic movie! i watched it all by luck one night on tv. at first 5 minutes i thought it was a b movie, but afterward i understood what an amazing product this was.i suggested to some friends to see the movie, only to tell me that it was a bad b movie. how wrong. superficial critiques.i think that the movie is almost a product of genius! the well known director made an excellent job here and it is a shame to tell that he was out of the game all this time.

i've seen this movie at theater when it first came out some years ago and really liked it a lot. but i still wanted to see it again this year to check if it is still good compared to movies coming out now, and i wan tell it's one the best movies i've ever seen in my life !!!!!!!!!!!!! what you need to know is that you don't have to miss any minute of this movie, if you don't completely follow the action you will get lost and you will not understand the end. the end is what makes this movie so good, you can't expect it.congratulations to the producer !

who can watch a movie, look at lucy liu and not be overjoyed. that woman is amazingly beautiful & a talented actress. that's a tough combination to find now a days. and jeremy northam. i heard his name plenty of times, but i never really noticed him. my advice to hollywood is : "use him more".now about the movie: i watched it in one of my graveyard shift. i don't recommend that to anyone. it's a bit to complicated & mysterious for that. i still can't believe i didn't see the ending coming. i'm not gonna say what cause that'll spoil the hole movie. although saying this is spoilment enough.now i'm suppose to cast my vote about this movie. i love the dark mystic story, the actors did a good job & i love the directors (natali) work in the past. there's not a big audience for this kind of thing, that's also pretty risky. you know what, i'm just gonna give this work a 8 cause everybody should see this. then again, 1 point deduction cause there is always space for improvement.

wow. one of the greatest movies i have ever - ever seen.absolutely loved it! before the opening credits were done i was glued to the screen.it's a sci-fi thriller - and edge of your seat whodunnit. incredible.i wish'd it would never end.lucy liu is a throwaway role. anyone could have played it. the lead actor, jeremy northram was the perfect geeky guy. this movie appeals to me who loved war games, sneakers, and track down.incredible!8-22-06. walt d in lv

it's actually a good thing sean connery retired as james bond, as i'm sure he wouldn't be able to keep up in the nowadays spying-business, where fast cars have been replaced with hi-tech brainwashing techniques and gorgeous women are considered to be less sexy than advanced computer equipment. "cypher" is a pretty inventive sci-fi thriller that often evokes feelings of fright & claustrophobia despite being utterly implausible. you know the trend in these types of movies: nothing is what it seems and just when you think figured out the convoluted plot, the writers make sure to insert a new twist that confuses everyone again. the events in "cypher" supposedly take place in the most prominent regions of the computer world, where the major companies don't really do a lot apart from trying to steal each other's thunder. company digisoft literally spends millions brainwashing people and providing them with a new identity, only to let them infiltrate as spies in their biggest competitor, the sunways corporation. sunways, on the other hand, constantly tries to unmask the digisoft-rats and recruit them again as double-spies. in between this whole unprofitable business stands morgan sullivan; a seemingly colorless thirty-something employee who's been selected by sebastian rooks (the über-spy) to diddle the secret policies of both companies. trust me, it's actually less complicated than it sounds and director vincenzo natali (the dude from "tube") carefully takes his time to introduce all the important and less important characters. the first half of the film is rather reminiscent to the sadly underrated john frankenheimer gem "seconds"  starring rock hudson  as it also deals with erasing identities and drastically altering your former life style. even the set pieces seem to come straight out of that 60's film, with loads of empty white rooms and eerie corridors that seem to be endless. there's also plenty of great action and suspense, most notably when morgan soberly experiences how the digisoft crew inspects the results of their brainwashing-techniques during boring conventions. the middle section of the film drags a little, mainly because you already realize that it's all just building up towards multiple misleading plot-twists, and i hoped for a slightly more grim portrayal of the not-so-distant future. jeremy northam is perfectly cast and the adorable lucy liu is convincingly mysterious as the foxy lady who appears to be on his side. regular director's choice david hewlett has the most memorable supportive role as the uncannily eccentric suways engineer virgil c. dunn. "cypher" is well made and adrenalin rushing sci-fi entertainment, highly recommended to people who fully like to use their brain capacity from time to time.

this movie is about this wimpy guy who decides to become a spy for a glamorous high tech company named digicorp. this wimpy guy, morgan (jeremy northam) is unhappy with his miserable suburban life and his demanding wife so he decides to become a spy. he is suppose to go to conventions from other high tech companies and find out all the companies' plans. instead, morgan finds himself attracted to a beautiful woman (played by lucy liu) and pretty much being double-crossed by these two companies that force him to become a double agent. how will morgan get himself out of this? can he trust the beautiful but mysterious rita foster (played by lucy liu)? and more importantly, can morgan make it out alive? wow! what a nifty movie! i was completely sucked in after 15 minutes of watching this movie. it is very suspenseful and you can feel morgan's fear and confusion as he is doing his best to stay alive. the scene where they put this horrible contraption on morgan's head to brainwash him is brilliantly creepy and frightening. morgan slowly goes through a personality transformation that is not so readily apparent until you think about it after the film is finished. from a wimpy guy with bad hair and glasses, he turns into a man actively fighting for his life.the ending, wow, the ending is incredible! the twist is so much fun! it left me gasping and cheering like crazy! good performances from all around, especially from jeremy natham, lucy liu and nigel bennett.i highly recommend this film!

if you came into the film with expectations, throw them away now, because no amount of hype will do this film justice.to categorize this film into a single genre would be criminal. it's a spy thriller, has elements of noir, bits and pieces of action, science fiction, and cyberpunk all tied together with a brilliant narrative, mind-bending plot twists, and gorgeous cinematography.a lot of the comments here have centered around it being derivative, both in good and bad ways, of other movies. but as they say, every story cribs from shakespeare, so once you can get past that, you're in for a hell of a ride.you will need to suspend your disbelief at some points, and while the set never becomes unbelievable, there are portions (read: the elevator) which suffer from a low budget and somewhat cheesy visuals. don't misconstrue that to mean it's on the same level as cheesy sci-fi channel movies, though, because this is on a much higher level.if you're looking for action, you should turn away. this is pure psychology. but if you're willing to sit down and devote a good 90 minutes of your life to a novel cinematic experience, by all means, do it now! watch this movie now before it becomes cool to have seen it!

canadian director vincenzo natali took the art-house circuit by storm with the intriguing and astonishingly intelligent cube, which is my personal favourite sf film of the 90s. it framed the basic conceit of a group of strangers trapped in a maze shaped like a giant cube, shot entirely on one set, and took this idea in fascinating directions. i've been eagerly awaiting natali's follow-up, and although its taken five years for him to mount another project, i'm delighted to say it was worth the wait. cypher is a fascinating exploration of one man's place in the world, and how through a completely logical chain of events, finds himself in a situation beyond his control.i don't want to reveal too much about the plot, because one of the joys of cypher is the different avenues it takes us down. it is so refreshing in this day and age to see a sf film that has more than one idea in it's head. cypher is such a film.morgan sullivan (jeremy northam), one of the blandest people to ever walk the planet, is hired by the company digicorp. they send him to different parts of america to record different seminars. to his bewilderment, they are unbelievably boring. covering topics as mundane as shaving cream and cheese.while morgan is waiting for one seminar, he runs into rita foster (an impeccably cast lucy liu), the definition of an ice maiden. she gives him the brush-off, but there is something to her he finds irresistible. that's not too surprising considering the dry marriage he is in. when rita turns up at another one of morgan's seminars, she tells him his life is not what it appears. and i'm not saying anything more about the plot. to do so would cheapen the impact the rest of the film has on us, as well as the tortuous path that's so much fun to follow.as with cube, natali shows quite a talent for encompassing seemingly ordinary people, taking them out of the familiar, and basically seeing what will happen when they're thrust into the unknown. and cypher follows similar patterns. but it's not a carbon copy of cube. it has it's own inspiration.cypher is a film that has more in common with conspiracy thrillers and paranoia stories. one of the great things about cypher is the way these themes creep into the story without your knowledge. when morgan realises his false identity is a piece of a much larger puzzle, it's as much of a shock to us as it is to him.one thing that distinguishes cypher from cube is how much more polished it is. where cube was confined to a minimalist setting and a shoestring budget with a cast of unknowns, cypher is also on a low budget, but natali economises it as much as he can, allowing him to broaden the horizon, and launching morgan on an amazing journey through the labyrinth of his own identity.natali's direction is exceptional, with a deft hand on the reins. there are some amazing camera angles from above, such as the enormity of the digicorp building as a vast, robust office block in conjunction to the insignificant speck that is morgan standing outside. all the colour appears to have been bled out of the picture, which compliments the tone of the film perfectly as a modern day film-noir.the acting is uniformly excellent throughout. jeremy northam is a sympathetic figure from his loveless marriage to questioning his own identity. his performance is excellent because it's so modulated. he literally seems to transform right before our very eyes. from a clinical, spineless wimp to a confident man who will do anything to preserve his new identity.david hewlett puts in a welcome appearance who made such an impact in cube. he resides in a secret silo that looks like it was borrowed from men in black. his scene is one of the best because it's an exercise in carefully calculated suspense and paranoia. he is a supposed expert in identifying double-agents, and it's a fantastic piece of writing, brilliantly acted by hewlett. all he has to do is look at morgan, and we're drawn into his complex mind game.but it's lucy liu who's the scene stealer here. too often she is cast in films where her potential is not utilised to full effect. but in cypher, she is finally given a character that fits her like a glove. rita is an aloof, guarded femme fatale that liu inhabits with relish. i perked up every time she appeared because she is always in control, and can reduce a room to silence by the power of her icy stare alone.things come to a very gratifying end, that doesn't conclude on an ambiguous note the way cube did. but morgan deserves his happy ending. after he's been put through the ringer like this, i cheered for him in the final scene. it's a perfect final moment because it comes as a ray of sunshine after a gloomy 90 minutes.cypher succeeds on all counts. engaging, shocking, always entertaining, it's everything that total recall wanted to be but wasn't. and it comes as a refreshing antidote to the overwhelming and inexplicable matrix.a fine follow-up from natali. and now i'm a committed fan of the man. superb stuff!

director vincenzo natali's cypher is a complex and imaginative thriller which, although requiring some suspension of belief and plenty of concentration, manages to be a thoroughly entertaining experience.morgan sullivan (jeremy northam), a stay-at-home husband with an overbearing wife, decides to add a bit of spice to his mundane existence by getting a job as an industrial spy at high-tech company digi corp. his job is to travel to conferences across the country (under the assumed identity of jack thursby) and secretly broadcast the speeches given back to his bosses, via a nifty little electronic pen-gizmo.in reality, however, the speeches are merely a cover for far more nefarious activities. morgan, along with his fellow conference attendees, is being brainwashed. the drugged water they are drinking puts them into a temporary coma, during which they are told to forget their pasts and permanently adopt their new identities. once they are totally convinced that they are someone else, they are told to apply for jobs with rival companies, where they are able to indulge in corporate espionage without suspicion.but digi corp's plans are scuppered by the intervention of shady operative-for-hire rita foster (lucy liu), who opens morgan's eyes to what is really happening. she gives morgan an antidote to the mind altering drugs so that he can resist the brainwashing techniques. she also warns him that if digi corp suspects that he does not fully believe he is jack thursby, then he will be 'eliminated'. morgan plays along, and applies for a job at rival business sunways.however, arriving at his new workplace, he is given a polygraph test and is immediately rumbled as a spy. fortunately, the bosses at sunways see this as an ideal opportunity to feed false data to digi corp and morgan becomes a double agent.from hereon in, things get progressively more complicated; the plot twists and turns and poor old morgan ends up not being able to trust anyone. in an exciting finale, all eventually becomes clear (but only if you've been following events very carefully).director natali handles proceedings confidently and certainly has a great ability to produce a classy looking film for a relatively low budget. he manages to get some great performances from his talented cast; jeremy northam,in particular, is fantastichis portrayal of the initially somewhat nervous morgan is played to perfection.cypher is another fascinating movie from a director who is willing to take chances and i eagerly look forward to his forthcoming projects, high rise and necropolis.

listen, i don't care what anybody says, as cypher is nothing less than a 5 star movie. cypher is not, i repeat not, a b movie. cypher is an absolute masterpiece. suffice it to say, i am a connoisseur of the world's finest spy films and this film is nothing less than top flight. i cannot overemphasis how phenomenal this movie is. cypher is one of the best spy movies ever conceived and ever made. the technology in this movie is over the horizon of spacetime. in fact, i must admit that cypher completely surprised the hell out of me. in fact, i've recommended this movie to my colleagues more than any other movie. other critics, of whom some downplayed the movie, have no idea as to what the hell they're talking about. don't listen to the haters. and actually, for the most part, reviews of cypher have been largely positive. and it should be noted that cyher is not only a good movie, but it is also a fantastic movie. cypher is the kind of movie that's so advanced and so magnificently crafted, that it's over the heads of most critics and all the cynics. there is nothing wrong with or cheap about cypher whatsoever. again, the cinematography, the backdrops, the technology, the storyline, and the acting are all 100% world-class top notch. naturally, i won't give anything away. this is not a spoiler. and though it is the contention of some critics that cypher should have been in movie theaters, i believe quite the opposite. cypher is a movie that seems to have been just right for dvd release only and not in a bad way. cypher has got to be the greatest underground spy flick ever to hit the shelves. blade runner, 1984, brave new world, total recall, logan's run, jason bourne and impostor and deja vu... look out! cypher equally earns the distinction of being placed in the aonn multimedia research, 5 star eternal spy movie hall of fame. cypher is counterespionage at it's absolute best. hands down and hats off. nothing is what it seems and truth is stranger than fiction. the future is now.

in a near future, the ordinary man above any suspicious from the suburb morgan sullivan (jeremy northam) is hired by digicorp, a huge corporation, to be assigned as a spy and steal secrets from their competitors, sunways. along his training, morgan is brainwashed, assumes a new identity of jack thursby and travels to boring lectures. in one of them, he is approached by the beautiful and mysterious rita foster (lucy liu), who advises him that nothing is how it seems to be. morgan acknowledges a new reality, where he does not know who can be trusted.the unknown "cypher" was a great surprise for me. this movie has not been released in brazil, but the engaging and exciting story is quite complex, with many plot points, and with great screenplay, direction and performances. in the very last twist, i recalled arnold schwarzenegger's "total recall". this movie certainly deserves to be watched more than once, and i really did not like the last scene, when the independent spy disposes the disputed disc in the sea. in only know the director vicenzo natali from the fantastic "cube", and this second work i see is also stunning. my vote is eight.title (brazil): not available

this is a superbly imaginative low budget sci-fi movie from cult director vincenzo natali. the film plays out like a crossing of phillip k dick with hitchcock and cronenberg and the film takes on a unique feel like nothing you would have seen. the film is superbly shot, i love the cinematography in this, it feels fresh and original. plot-wise the film explores similar themes to films like total recall, dark city and the matrix and its pretty staple sci-fi stuff. morgan sullivan (jeremy northam) is a suburbanite who is bored with his life and has decided to take a job as a company spy for digicorp, a large technological corporation. he meets up with a recruitment officer at the beginning who brings sullivan on board and instructs him on what he has to do. it basically involves going to conferences of rival companies and recording them via a satellite transmission device disguised as a pen. it also means that he must take on a different persona and keep it a secret from his wife. after his first job things become strange, his habits change, his personality begins to differ and he suffers pains in his neck and headaches as well as nightmares. he encounters a beautiful woman named rita foster (played by an intriguingly cast lucy liu.) he takes an instant attraction to. however when he goes in his next job and sees her again she reveals herself to be an agent of some sort who reveals that his job is not quite what it seems. he finds out later on that he and the rest of the people attending the conference all work for digicorp. the conferences are all covers to allow the company men to brainwash their spies. sullivan, whose alternate name is jack thursby has been given an antidote to digicorps drugging and while the rest of the spies at the latest conference drift off into what seems like a brain-dead day dream while the speakers drone on (the speakers send all the attendants to sleep via subliminal messages.) suddenly the rooms lights turn off and workers at digicorp come in shining lights in all the occupants eyes to ensure they are not conscious and then in a fairly nightmarish situation they bring in head sets for each member which send messages into the brain and brainwash the precipitants into believing they are someone else. digicorp are using these people as puppets and creating personalities and lives for these people while wiping their own existence. sullivan now must pretend that he entirely believes he is now jack thursby. digicorp want to steal information from their rivals samways and they want their own puppets to do it, they now effectively control what these spies do, except for sullivan. when samways get a hold of sullivan and discover he has not actually been brainwashed they decide to use him as a pawn to spy on digicorp, make sullivan a double agent. they know that digicorp have sent thursby to them to work his way into samways and work his way up the system until he can get into a situation to download important company information that could shut the company down. samways realises he had been planted and decide they will play along with digicorp and allow thursby to infiltrate their databanks but they will give digicorp a dodgy disc that will ruin their system. the plot begins to twist and turn as both companies are using sullivan as a pawn. he is stuck in the middle and rita foster is a mystery as he tries to work out why she is helping him. when a mysterious third party becomes involved, the person it is revealed that foster works for, sullivan must decide whether to go to this freelance agent, who could guarantee him a new life and safety or to stick with one of the companies he works for. the tension all builds to a stonking climax as it seems just about everyone wants to dispose of him once his usefulness has expires. the cast are great. northam is superb and the subtlety in his performance is excellent. he brings a great visual aspect to his performance, his eyes tell a story and we see a great subtle change as his character changes from sullivan to thursby. lucy liu is just sexy beyond belief and her presence gives a great dynamic to the film because it seems strange casting but works because of that fact. the rest of the cast are also good.director natali whose previous film was the cult classic sci-fi flick cube, has a real visual flair. he paces the film superbly as well and has given it a great look. for a low budget film it features some imaginative visual effects and although the cgi isn't great it never begins too much of a centre piece to effect the film negatively. the film really does bring feelings of the matrix and other great sci-fi films, it is up there with them. the plot nearly becomes too convoluted at times but in truth that helps in a film like this, that is where the cronenberg and lynch influence is evident. the film has you constantly working out what is going on and genuinely surprises as it goes along. this is overall an obvious cult classic and i can see this being incredibly popular when it is released in the states. ****1/2

this filmfour funded sci-fi movie is most definitely a must see. while it takes huge influence from the manchurian candidate and offers nothing new or original plot wise; it's handled with the utmost skill that it comes off as being fresh and inventive, despite it being basically a re-run of an earlier film. it's good to know that films like this are still being made (even if they aren't getting wide releases), and cypher is refreshing for that reason. the plot twists and turns, which gives it an element of paranoia and also serves in keeping the audience on the edge of their seat while trying to figure out the meaning of cypher's mystery. the plot follows morgan sullivan; a bored suburban man that decides to take a job with digicorp that involves him listening to speeches from several rival companies and recording them for reasons, to him, unknown. however, his job is interrupted when he meets a mysterious young lady known as rita...this film features a number of stark white backgrounds that give it a very surreal edge and blend well with it's apocalyptic imaging of the future. this gives the film a very odd look that sets it apart from the majority of other films of the same type, with it's only real close affiliate being kubrick's a clockwork orange. the plot is also very efficient and ditches character development in favour of the more stylish - and more thrilling - plot developing. you never quite know where you are with the plot, which serves in making it all the more intriguing. the acting is largely good with a largely unknown cast backing up the team of stars; jeremy northam and lucy lui. northam very much looks the part of the quiet and disheartened man at the centre of the tale, and does well with his role. lucy lui is an actress that has a resume that doesn't quite fit her talent, but she has a look about her that just fits this movie.cypher is far from perfect as some of the sequences are illogical and at times it can be inconsistent; but on the whole, if you want an inventive recent sci-fi film; cypher is the way to go.

jeremy northam's characterization of the stuttering, mild mannered bookish morgan sullivan and watching him let loose bits and pieces of his real identity under the influence of single malt scotches and under the spell of lucy liu's presence is brilliantly crafted and a joy to watch. his offering her a cigarette at the bar is an old habit, done without thinking or even asking and he becomes lost in her face, neck and lips. no matter the brainwashing, love has a way of persevering. love also cannot be "brainwashed in" with either of his two fake wives. in gradual stages, he begins to dispense with his glasses, to walk and talk differently and even his face looks different as the movie progresses. the music is fantastic, hypnotic, sexy and appropriately driving at times. the extensive use of black and white and grey tones makes this almost a sci fi "film noir" in the tradition of many classic thrillers. i would have liked to have seen more vulnerability in lucy liu's portrayal, whenever she sees him in his various frazzled states, the man she loves and for whom she is performing a mission based on blind faith, some restrained vulnerability and flashes of genuine sympathy and concern would have made it a less one dimensional performance on her part. she is just no match for northam's talents, but all in all i thoroughly enjoyed this film and would enjoying knowing about other screenplays written by the same author.

you'll notice by the stars i've given this great film that '...before you see it the first time,' is implied. i had never before heard of this film and happened across it just because this week (and last) was a very slow rental experience (not much great coming in). i'm not sure how this movie slipped past me -i love lucy liu and jeremy northam is great too. still, it did.this movie is an awesome example of what to do if you don't have a large budget. it had just the right amount of plot and dialog to make it very interesting and keep the viewer in the dark; just enough. the entire film is you (the viewer) trying to figure out the plots many twists and turns. i would have given this film 10/10, however some of the shots were pretty fake looking. i don't hold that against this film too much, but i don't think it deserves a perfect score.lucy liu is beautiful and mysterious (as always). i think she's pretty underrated as a serious talent. nevermind her beauty (which is difficult), she really takes her roles seriously and doesn't rest on her appearance to drive her through scenes of sophisticated emotion. and she can seem cold and even lifeless if needed, as well.jeremy northam does really well, at first, as quite a geeky corporate rat, willing to run through any maze to prove himself. however, as he changes throughout the film, it's like night and day. i know some fans of clive owen, jude law, or other hopefuls to become the next james bond will hate me for this, but northam would/could/should fit that bill. he's suave and cultured. he's got a great bond posture and voice. i think he too can be cold if the situation calls for it, and rather down-to-earth, as well.great film and definitely this movie-buff recommends it to be seen at least once if you like corporate espionage films.

there was a stylish approach to this film on the part of director vincenzo natali with interesting camera angles and effective close-ups. it was also refreshing to see jeremy northam and lucy liu given leading roles and expanding their range as performers. this film also included one of the most imaginative "escape" scenes in recent years. the efforts of the director and the actors combined in an effective thriller.although the plotting of the film was convoluted, the story progressed very clearly as the layers of corporate greed and skullduggery were revealed.in 1949, george orwell suggested in his famous novel "1984" that the future would be ruled by the totalitarian state, which would control minds and diminish human liberty. it was interesting that in this intriguing futuristic film, it was not the state, but rather the corporate world that controlled and devalued the human worker.

when the matrix appeared in 1999 and questioned existence and identity, it was expected that a lot of movies would use it as inspiration. that didn't really happen, surprisingly, and it took till 2002 for a movie of similar theme to appear. but to say cypher is a clone would be to its discredit.the story is of a morgan sullivan, who applies for a job with a high-flying techno-company called digicorp. his job is to be a spy and gain information about a rival company, while under an assumed and false identity. his home-life is perfectly normal but he has to lie to his wife about what he's actually doing. however, things start to take conspirital turns and before he knows what's going on, he starts to question who he actually is. this is not helped by a strange woman who turns up...twists and turns at every direction keep you absolutely fascinated, and at no point does anything ever seem contrived or unbelievable.it's an enthralling journey through a not-too-distant future, and with good acting all round will keep you on the edge of your seat.highly recommended.

eric valette is obviously a talented film-maker, and so are the two guys who wrote the script. therefore maléfique is a great flick, made with just a few bucks but also tons of imagination. well, i'm a bit exaggerating, but nevertheless i'm sincere. so, if you like dark, gory movies, go and see this one. it's really worth it.

four prisoners share a single cell: the domineering transvestite, marcus (clovis cornillac); marcus's idiot savant buddy, paquerette (dimitri rataud), who will eat anything in sight including pocket watches, cockroaches, and his little sister; lassalle (philippe laudenbach), the intelligent librarian who murdered his wife; and carrère (gérald laroche), the new guy who was caught up in corporate fraud and is now focused on escaping. after a brick falls from the wall of the cell, the men discover the hidden journal written by a 'fountain of youth'-obsessed serial killer who occupied the cell in the 1920s. is this journal the secret to their escape? or is there something much more sinister behind it?i was a little weary about getting into this film because the only other experience i have with eric valette was the dreadful one missed call (2008), which i consider to be the worst theatrically released film i've ever seen. however, much of what was wrong with one missed call could probably be attributed to klavan's awful script, because (as i remember) valette's direction wasn't the worst part about the film (unless he chose to include the baby). anyway, maléfique was a good way to get my respect back. . . it's a french film (obviously something i like) and it takes place in prison (which is my second favourite horror setting after asylums). so that's two points for him before the film even starts. luckily, valette had me once the film ended as well. maléfique is a rather deep, rather complex, rather compelling story of obsession and desperation. . . the desire and need to bring fantasies to reality. while it's not a terrifying film in the traditional sense, the oddity of its power makes it pretty damn frightening. the period between the climax and conclusion was some of the best film i've seen in quite some time and i would wholeheartedly recommend this to anyone who is looking for a decent psychological thriller with some pretty cool gore.final verdict: 8.5/10. quite a bit of respect earned back by valette.note: paramount picked up the rights to make an american remake (surprise surprise). it's due out in 2009. i'm not sure why, to be honest, as this doesn't seem like something that would be a big moneymaker here in the states. but, i've been surprised before.vive la france! -ap3-

a prison cell.four prisoners-carrere,a young company director accused of fraud,35 year old transsexual in the process of his transformation, daisy,a 20 year-old mentally challenged idiot savant and lassalle,a 60 year-old intellectual who murdered his wife.behind a stone slab in the cell,mysteriously pulled loose,they discovered a book:the diary of a former prisoner,danvers,who occupied the cell at the beginning of the century.the diary contains magic formulas that supposedly enable prisoners to escape."malefique" is one of the creepiest and most intelligent horror films i have seen this year.the film has a grimy,shadowy feel influenced by the works of h.p. lovecraft,which makes for a very creepy and unsettling atmosphere.there is a fair amount of gore involved with some imaginative and brutal death scenes and the characters of four prisoners are surprisingly well-developed.it's a shame that eric valette made truly horrible remake of "one missed call" after his stunning debut.9 out of 10.

now, i know french inmates are unlikely to have read lovecraft (and that proves my point that his writings should be taught in school, maybe as a separate subject), but how did they think something that sounds like "ftagn yog sototh" could possibly lead to any good?the movie takes place in a prison where four very unlikely cell mates stumble upon a magical book that may, if read right, get them out. as prisons go, the cell was totally unrealistic, so that made it hard for me to get into the atmosphere of things. it also moves rather slowly, which may bore people. but other than that, this is top notch horror feeling, mixing sartre's "hell is other people" with a lovecraft/barker type of story, and doing rather successfully.bottom line: take the time to watch this. that means not doing it when you are about to go to work or to sleep or while doing something else. this is a movie that works best if you are immersed into it. lessons to be learned: yog is bad, almost as bad as french women.

i was hooked from beginning to end. great horror comes from disturbing imagery and organic shocks that are created not to make you jump, but to make you go "what the f*ck did i just see?" all the other commentators gave short summaries of what the film is about, so i won't rehash what has already been said. i was telling other people about this movie days after i had seen it just because it still haunted me. i even had a bad dream after seeing it, and i am a true horror fan, not easily spooked by tripe like "the grudge" or even "silent hill". what gave me the bad dreams was the unease i felt about what i would do if i were in that cell with those guys. what would my personal horror be? my subconscious took me there, and it was not pleasant. that my friends is what a good horror flick does to you! the best part of this movie is that it is subtle. it's not about bogeymen that jump out at you,alien invasions, or tons of gore. it's the opposite. the horror you create in your own mind. the irony for the four characters is that the horror comes not from an external force that asserts it's power over them. simply, the men ask for the one thing they desire, and they get it...but not in the way they imagined. so on the one hand, they get what they wish for from an occult book, but may ultimately wish they hadn't. sometimes being locked in a jail cell is the best place to be!

now this is what i'd call a good horror. with occult/supernatural undertones, this nice low-budget french movie caught my attention from the very first scene. this proves you don't need wild fx or lots of gore to make an effective horror movie.the plot revolves around 4 cellmates in a prison, and each of these characters (and their motives) become gradually more interesting, as the movie builds up tension to the finale. most of the action we see through the eyes of carrere, who has just entered prison and has to get used to living with these 3 other inmates.i won't say much because this movie really deserves to be more widely seen. there a few flaws though: the fx are not that good, but they're used effectively; the plot leaves some mysteries open; and things get very confusing towards the end, but malefique redeems itself by the time it's over.i thought his was a very good movie, 8/10

watched this french horror film last night and pretty much liked it. the whole movie takes place in a prison cell with basically three prisoners who find a hand written journal in a wall from a serial killer that had escaped the prison 20 years earlier, somehow without leaving his cell. as they look through the diary, they discover it delves into the black arts and commands that might be their way out of the cell and to freedom. what they find out, is something completely different, and horrifying to say the least. i like low-budget horror films, that deliver the goods in a fairly quality way, and tell a good story. this movie does just that, despite taking a while to get going. the result and the horror they unleash is very interesting to me, and i enjoyed the ride. not a lot of gore, but that wouldn't fit the story, although the gore it has is pretty good.

this film centers on four criminals, locked away in a prison who desire escape from their cell, hoping that a mysterious book of black magic, penned by a former inmate around 1920, named danvers who wanted to use spells to keep his skin young.carrère's(gérald laroche)criminal business tactics(shortcuts)have landed him in prison with three oddball cell-mates..a transsexual brute marcus(clovis cornillac), marcus' love-toy pâquerette(dimitri rataud)who eats objects he touches(..and is in prison for eating his six-month old sister)and obeys his charge as if "he" were his mother, and the scholarly lassalle(philippe laudenbach)who doesn't read, or eat breakfast(..the latter being that he murdered his wife during that time of the day). the film follows carrère as he reads from the book, attempting to understand it's meanings hoping to find an exit from his prison. carrère loves his child, and for a while believes his wife will get him out early on bail. when she betrays him, carrère begins to slowly seethe with hate, and longing to see and hold his beloved son. carrère's toughest critic is marcus, who longs to be fully female, while still folding to several masculine traits, such as working out and taking a leak standing up. he talks tough and uses his muscle as a type of fear tactic, although deep inside is a world of vulnerability. pâquerette is completely under marcus' control and behaves like a canine to it's master..there's even an alarming scene where pâquerette breast-feeds from marcus! lassalle is an unraveling mystery, opening up for us to slowly understand his ulterior motives and what lies within his possibly sinister brain. clearly intellectual, and holding possible secrets from the others, lassalle is actually the one who keeps the motivation of pursuing the secrets of the book going. soon, those who aren't a threat to the book seek their "true" escape, not as much from the cell of four walls, but the cell that imprisons their true desires. after a certain murder, the book is thrown from the room with a very fascinating character entering the film with a camcorder as if he were a new occupant..who is this person and how does he understand the power of a book tosses away, and better yet, how to use it? a constant in this film is each of the prisoners often seen throughout looking out their window into the world just out of reach.i'm glad i had a chance to watch this film. it does play out like "monkey's paw", the characters get what they desire, but a price must be met. there's gore in the film, startling moments of graphic violence, but, in my opinion, this is first and foremost a story-driven tale. the gore is a product of what the book unleashes. one of the group gets his limbs twisted while suspended in the air, while a grisly opening act displays the carnage left in the wake of one man's desire. we see danver's fate at the end, with a magnificent special effects sequence regarding an infant melting away. lassalle's fate is a masterful effects sequence. i will say that maléfique, through eric valette's well paced direction, always kept my attention, and, for being such an isolated movie(..about 95 % of the film takes place in a singular location, the prison cell)it never seems to drag. i guess that's a testament to interesting actors and fascinating characterizations, not to mention a compelling story using the supernatural to drive them.

in a penitentiary, four prisoners occupy a cell: carrère (gérald laroche), who used his company to commit a fraud and was betrayed by his wife; the drag lassalle (philippe laudenbach) and his protégée, the retarded pâquerette (dimitri rataud), who ate his six months sister; and the intellectual marcus (clovis cornillac), who killed his wife. one night, carrère finds an ancient journal hidden in a hole in the wall of the cell. they realize that the book was written by danvers (geoffrey carey) in the beginning of the last century and is about black magic. they decide to read and use its content to escape from the prison, when they find the truth about danvers' fate. "maléfique" is an original, intriguing and claustrophobic french low-budget horror movie. the story is practically in the same location, does not have any clichés and hooks the attention of the viewer until the last scene. i am a great fan of french cinema, usually romances, dramas and police stories, but i noted that recently i have seen some good french horror movies, such as "un jeu d' enfants", "belphegor" and "dead end". my vote is seven.title (brazil): "sinais do mal" ("signs of the evil")

malefique pretty much has the viewer from start to finish with its edgy atmosphere. nearly the whole movie is set in a prison cell revolving around 4 characters of which transvestite marcus and his little retarded boy are way out the strangest. soon the inmates find a diary of a previous inmate behind a brick which deals with his obsession of occult and black magic themes leading to his escape from the cell. from here on everything deals with uncovering the secret of the book and its spells to flee from prison. that leads to some accidents on the way out of the cell into the unknown light.honestly i think the story is rather poor and the final twist is nice but to me the ends are pretty loosely tied together. anyway i was thrilled until the last moment because the atmosphere of the movie is unique with minimal setting and cast. the kills are raw and eerie... its doesn't take gore to chill your spine and the occult themes are also done very well and reminded me of the hell themes in hellraiser. malefique has a claustrophobic and cold dirty feel with greenish tint. at times you wonder if the real or the occult world depicted here is stranger... when the retarded boy looses his fingers and is lulled to sleep sucking on marcus breasts it seems normal, so how strange can glowing gates to freedom be? with its budget the movie creates a unique atmosphere and chills the viewer in a very different way than most of the genre shockers do. i just wish the story had led to a more consistent finale. several elements like the visitor with the camera, the other inmates obsession with books and the toy doll vaguely pointing to the end don't fit tight in the story. anyway, i'll keep my eyes open for other movies from director valette, although its a turn-off to see he's is doing a hollywood remake of "one missed call" which was worn off and useless already in the miike-version.

good horror movies from france are quite rare, and it's fairly easy to see why! whenever a talented young filmmaker releases a staggering new film, he emigrates towards glorious hollywood immediately after to directed the big-budgeted remake of another great film classic! how can france possibly build up a solid horror reputation when their prodigy-directors leave the country after just one film? "haute tension" was a fantastic movie and it earned director alexandre aja a (one-way?) ticket to the states to remake "the hills have eyes" (which he did terrifically, i may add). eric valette's long-feature debut "maléfique" was a very promising and engaging horror picture too, and he's already off to the hollywood as well to direct the remake of takashi miike's ghost-story hit "one missed call". so there you have it, two very gifted frenchmen that aren't likely to make any more film in their native country some time soon. "maléfique" is a simple but efficient chiller that requires some patience due to its slow start, but once the plot properly develops, it offers great atmospheric tension and a handful of marvelous special effects. the film almost entirely takes place in one single location and only introduces four characters. we're inside a ramshackle french prison cell with four occupants. the new arrival is a businessman sentenced to do time for fraud, the elderly and "wise" inmate sadistically killed his wife and then there's a crazy transvestite and a mentally handicapped boy to complete the odd foursome. they find an ancient journal inside the wall of their cell, belonging to a sick murderer in the 1920's who specialized in black magic rites and supernatural ways to escape. the four inmates begin to prepare their own escaping plan using the bizarre formulas of the book, only to realize the occult is something you shouldn't mess with eric valette dedicates oceans of time to the character drawings of the four protagonists, which occasionally results in redundant and tedious sub plots, but his reasons for this all become clear in the gruesome climax when the book suddenly turns out to be some type of wishmaster-device. "maléfique" is a dark film, with truckloads of claustrophobic tension and several twisted details about human behavior. watch it before some wealthy american production company decides to remake it with four handsome teenage actors in the unconvincing roles of hardcore criminals.

french horror cinema has seen something of a revival over the last couple of years with great films such as inside and switchblade romance bursting on to the scene. maléfique preceded the revival just slightly, but stands head and shoulders over most modern horror titles and is surely one of the best french horror films ever made! maléfique was obviously shot on a low budget, but this is made up for in far more ways than one by the originality of the film, and this in turn is complimented by the excellent writing and acting that ensure the film is a winner. the plot focuses on two main ideas; prison and black magic. the central character is a man named carrère, sent to prison for fraud. he is put in a cell with three others; the quietly insane lassalle, body building transvestite marcus and his retarded boyfriend daisy. after a short while in the cell together, they stumble upon a hiding place in the wall that contains an old journal. after translating part of it, they soon realise its magical powers and realise they may be able to use it to break through the prison walls.black magic is a very interesting topic, and i'm actually quite surprised that there aren't more films based on it as there's so much scope for things to do with it. it's fair to say that maléfique makes the best of it's assets as despite it's restraints, the film never actually feels restrained and manages to flow well throughout. director eric valette provides a great atmosphere for the film; the fact that most of it takes place inside the central prison cell ensures that the film feels very claustrophobic, and this immensely benefits the central idea of the prisoners wanting to use magic to break out of the cell - it's very easy to get behind them! it's often said that the unknown is the thing that really frightens people, and this film proves that as the director ensures that we can never really be sure of exactly what is round the corner, and this helps to ensure that maléfique actually does manage to be quite frightening! the film is memorable for a lot of reasons outside the central plot; the characters are all very interesting in their own way and the fact that the book itself almost takes on its own character is very well done. anyone worried that the film won't deliver by the end won't be disappointed either as the ending both makes sense and manages to be quite horrifying! overall, maléfique is a truly great horror film and one of the best of the decade - highly recommended viewing!

maléfique is a very interesting movie. it is an unholy alloy of triumphs and failures. the central concept is great, three inmates with bizarre personalities are joined by a fourth (who the audience identify with) and they try to escape from their cell using a book of magic that they find within the walls of the cell.the atmosphere is well-woven, it reminds me of reading about the prison stay of edmond dantes' in the château d'if (prior to becoming the count of monte cristo). the director sets up the feeling that the characters are tied to the cell, particularly the character we are meant to identify with (carrère - a white-collar criminal whose crime is not specified, but it's obliquely suggested might be fraud). on one occasion carrère dithers when leaving the cell for exercise and has the cell door shut on him; we never leave the cell, the claustrophobia is unbroken. there are also no shots of the prison outside the cell, and the view through the bars is a longing sunset over a generic prison wall. so even though the film appears to be very modern, it has a very old world feel of incarceration.the characters are intriguing. we have marcus, a violent pre-op transsexual who plays an abusive mother to pâquerette (french for daisy) a heavily retarded young man. pâquerette likes to eat everything he finds beautiful, and unfortunately this included his baby sister, hence his current predicament (i like this comment on internalisation, very primitive). lasalle is a withdrawn, possessed elderly man, in for brutally murdering his wife.the central message of the movie is that your desires will annihilate you, and there's a ritual that goes with that. i think that's what disturbs me the most, seeing people destroying themselves ritualistically. it has a real life ring to it. the quite simple soundtrack backs this up well, every step deeper into the quicksand is accompanied by the dull ringing of a gong. i'm actually hearing the gong now every time i do something self-destructive.i think one of the plot problems is that the ends of the characters don't really reinforce the message consistently, particularly with carrère, also the concept of the book seems to alter throughout the film, not in terms of a successive revelation either. i also think that some of the images we see are a bit amateurish, more by design than execution, such as the famous "vagina eye", and the sodomy of lasalle, for me, totally hollow images.at the end the movie it feels like the director is in a rush to get it over with, and some things don't seem logical, for example we've been clumsily led to believe different things about carrère's child. this doesn't change the fact though that what we have here is that rare bird, a "pure" horror movie. there is no comedic dross or genre segueing, like cube (1997/natali), the obvious movie to compare it to, it's a total immersion experience, where you feel as if you are in the cell with the characters. this last comment i make about it being a "pure" experience i think is something others have mentioned as well so that is a fairly unanimous point.on a personal note my favourite part of the film is when lasalle talks about his past as a librarian. he very vividly describes a scene where he goes to work one day and sits down in his usual place in the centre of a room where all the books are arranged in a circle around him. the books seem to be chanting to him that he will never contain their knowledge. this prompts lasalle to go insane. that really is the problem with an obsession with understanding and knowledge. it's something i myself have felt.one final comment is that two of the quite well-received comments on the board have confused the characters' names. to convince yourself that lasalle is the older librarian character, simply click on philippe laudenbach's page and you will see he was born in 1936.

i'd waited for some years before this movie finally got released in england, but was in many ways very pleased when i finally saw it. there are a lot of great things to the film, for a start the acting. its not something i have all that much need for in a horror picture but the people in this film all put in fine work. this and the constantly gripping and interesting script, with a nice sorta lovecraftian feel to it, give the film a real solid backbone. add to this the doses of surreal nightmare imagery and occasional gruesome gore and the films a winner. it has my favorite kind of gore too, supernatural and splattery. also, the characters of marcus, the angry bodybuilding transsexual and daisy, his mentally retarded lover/plaything are genuinely freakish and unnerving at times, and give a far out, anything goes sense of morbid grown up craziness which works well with the frequent freudian overtones. this is one of the most impressive recent horror movies, far more shocking or out there than anything hollywood can produce. my only gripe was that i wanted the ending to be darker in tone, but it still works, so on the whole i'd really recommend this to serious horror buffs.

i didn't feel that this film was quite as clever as it seemed to think it was but enjoyed it nevertheless. it is original, although reminded me a little of two other french films, vidocq and city of lost children, mostly for the colouring but also for the edgy quality of the close ups of the characters.set in a prison cell but do not let this put you off, this film seemingly goes further than many a multi locationed blockbuster.always interesting, with the perennial 'black arts' well to the fore and very good characterisation making some only too believable! scary with some gore this is well worth a viewing.

if you're one of those who recognise with pleasure such arcane titles as 'book of the dead', 'book of eibon' or 'necronomicon', then you should feel right at home with malefique, a film which also features an occult tome, one with the power to change the destinies of all involved. discovered by four french prisoners sharing a cell, the fearsome object has been placed in the wall there by danvers, a serial killer incarcerated back in the 1920s; a man obsessed with rejuvenation and the black arts before he abruptly vanished. finders of the book are carrère (gérald laroche) a company embezzler shopped by his wife, lassalle (philippe laudenbach) who aspires to be a woman but at the same time body-builds to execute an escape plan, the halfwit pâquerette (dimitri rataud) who once ate his baby sister, and the 'librarian' marcus (clovis cornillac), supposedly driven mad by reading, who murdered his wife. reminding the viewer of meat loaf's equally bizarre, bosomy male in fight club (1999), lassalle begins as the dominant member of the quartet, one who is especially protective of the infantile pâquerette. with the coming of the book however, and the overarching need to decipher its dangerous contents, marcus assumes greater and greater significance. at first assured of an early bail, meanwhile carrère takes little more than academic interest in events. suddenly he too needs an urgent escape option and, as the prisoners experiment, danvers' book starts to reveal some of its terrifying powers...staged for the most part within a prison cell, and between four or five characters, malefique has a claustrophobic air entirely suited to its subject matter (as well as the limited budget of the filmmakers). only at the start and then at the conclusion do we get to leave the confines of the cell, a necessary opening out which only serves to emphasise the doomed, closed-in nature of proceedings elsewhere. more than anything, this is a film about being trapped, either as a victim of your criminal past or of occult events now unfolding. "i'm going to escape," says carrère at the start of the film, wishing more than anything to be able to rejoin his wife and son. whether or not he does it will be at a terrible price, and the great irony of the film is that the ultimate form of an 'escape' may not be one a man might imagine.with all its budget limitations it is greatly to the first-time feature director eric vallette's credit that his film succeeds as well as it does. as critics have noticed, it is a film with strong freudian overtones - lassalle's distinctive mammaries and adult breast feeding for instance; the picture of a vagina which comes to life and develops an eye; the grown man who dissolves back into a foetus; danvers' original placenta fetish; the dark cell as a primitive womb from which 'delivery' is awaited, etc. with so many interesting aspects to the script vallette hardly puts a foot wrong, and he succeeds in creating a genuinely unsettling atmosphere out of what, when one comes down to it, is just a matter of four guys, four bunks, one folding table and a book. there's a genuine, growing, lovecraftian frisson as the men summon up the unnameable darkness from within its pages, while one or two moments - the aforementioned blinking vagina, or what ultimately happens to pâquerette - are unsettlingly memorable. the pacing of many of the dark events in malefique is deliberate, rejecting the rapid cutting of many hollywood productions: a video culture approach that often subverts the horrified gaze in favour of quick-fix action and gore. perhaps this is a particularly european manner, as one recalls a similar, measured approach to shocking hallucination taken in such films as verhoeven's the fourth man (1983) - a film that incidentally also shares a particularly nasty image based around a prolapsed eye.lensed well in 1.85:1, malefique benefits from excellent performances and, if for this viewer at least, the conclusion was not as explainable as it might have been, the journey to the final shot was worth taking. coming so soon after the release of the similarly well-received haute tension (aka: switchblade romance, 2003), this is another reason to be grateful that good horror films are once again emerging from the french industry, this after a time when it seemed the only worthwhile product came from asia

well, magic works in mysterious ways. this movie about 4 prisoners, trying to escape with the help of spells, written by another prisoner centuries ago was a superb occult thriller with a surprising end and lots of suspense. even if it had something of a theater-play (almost everything happens in the cell) it never got boring and it was acted very well. in the tradition of "cube" you felt trapped with the characters and even if they were criminal, you developed some sympathy with some of them, only to change your mind by the twists the story takes. some happenings catched you off guard and there was always a touch of insanity in the air. altogether intense and entertaining and as i didn't expect anything (a friend rented it), it was a positive surprise!

"maléfique" is an example of how a horror film can be effective with nothing more than a well-executed plot and a lot of heart. its cast doesn't have recognized names, it doesn't have a big budget and it certainly lacks in the visual effects aspect; but it compensates all that with an intelligent and well-written script, an effective cast and the vision of a director focused more on telling the story than in delivering cheap thrills. eric valette may not be a well-know name yet, but with "maléfique", his feature length debut, he proves he is at the level of contemporaries like jeunet, gans or aja.the film is the story of four prisoners in a cell, four different men with very different backgrounds but with one single goal: to get out. carrère (gérald laroche) gets imprisoned after being declared guilty of a multi-millionaire fraud; his cell-mates, the violent marcus (clovis cornillac), the intellectual lassalle (philippe laudenbach) and the mentally challenged pâquerette (dimitri rataud), are all convicted for murder and give carrère a cold welcome. their personalities will clash as carrère discovers an ancient book detailing how a former prisoner escaped using black magic.written by alexandre charlo and franck magnier, "maléfique" is a great mix of dark fantasy and horror in a way very reminiscent of clive barker's stories. the movie's strongest point is the way it builds up the characters, they are all have very complex and different personalities and a lot of the tension and suspense comes from their constant clash of personalities. the story's supernatural element is very well-handled and overall gives the film the feeling of reading a gothic novel. despite being a movie about four men locked in a room, the movie never gets boring or tiresome and in fact, the isolation of the group increases the feeling of distrust, claustrophobia, and specially, paranoia.director eric valette makes a great use of atmosphere, mood and his cast to give life to the plot. despite its obvious lack of budget, he has crafted a brilliant film that feels original, fresh and very attractive. his subtle and effective camera-work helps to make the film dynamic despite its single location, and the slow pace the film unfolds is excellent to create the heavy atmosphere of isolation and distrust the movie bases its plot. the very few displays of special effects are very well-done and valette trades quantity for quality in the few but terrific scenes of gore.the characters are what make this film work, and the cast definitely deserves some of the credit. gérald laroche is excellent as carrère, a man at first sight innocent, but who hides a dark past. philippe laudenbach and dimitri rataud are very effective too, specially rataud in his very demanding role. however, is clovis cornillac who steal the show with his performance as marcus, a violent and disturbed man who deep inside only wants to be himself. the characters are superbly developed and the cast makes the most of them.the movie is terrific, but it is not without its share of flaws. of course, the most notorious one is its the low-budget. some of the cgi-effects are a bit poor compared to the effective make-up and prosthetics used in other scenes, however, it is never too bad for it. probably the bad thing about "maléfique" is that it seems to lose some steam by the end when it focuses on the supernatural black magic rather than in the characters, not too much of a bad thing but the ending may seem weak from that point of view.anyways, "maléfique" is another one of those great horror films coming out from france lately, and one that deserves to have more recognition. valette is definitely a talent to follow as this modest (albeit complex) tale of the supernatural is prove enough of his abilities. personally, this film is a new favorite. 8/10

this movie probably had a $750 budget, and still managed to surpass titanic. i rented this the day i crashed my mom's car, and it was the only thing that cheered me up beyond belief! it has to be tied with 'the assult of the killer bimbos'. things to look for are: 1. the drive in blow job chinese girl scene 2. the bleach blonde in the sassoon shirt who never changes 3. the flinstone-like screech out driving 4. the clashing ensemble worn by the redhead right before she gets killed (don't worry, i'm not ruining any surprises, for it's soooo predictable) 5. the guy who finds it necessary to howl. 6. the mental patient who plays a convincing job of being insane by poking out the eyes of a maniquen. 7. the hour long chase at the end involving the teacher and the priest. 8. the womman writing grafitti on the bathroom wall. 9. last, but not least, the wonderful special effects--especially the stab in the boob that made a... heaven help me... popping noise.enjoy!

this movie is great. if you enjoy watching b-class movies, that is. this is a classic college 80's slasher movie, in which one song is played throughout the entire soundtrack. a horrible film, but worth renting to make fun of, or just to watch old men pop out of closets with knives. kinda funny, if you ask me.

etienne girardot is just a character actor--the sort of person people almost never would know by name. however, he once again plays the coroner--one of the only actors in the philo vance films that played his role more than once. i've already seen him two other times and loved him every time because he was so funny and a breath of fresh air. this film also is great to watch because in addition to girardot, there are many other wonderful character actors along for the ride--including grant mitchell, gene lockhart, henry walthal, kent smith, h.b. warner and nat pendleton. this is quite an impressive cast, and they sure made the job easier for leading man and woman edmund lowe and virginia bruce.these great character actors are one of the big reasons i love these old b-movies. while the mystery itself is rarely that terrific, because of the breezy writing and acting, the films really satisfy. as for this film, vance is played wonderfully by lowe but, like i said, the mystery itself is only an after-thought--with a silly plot involving hypnosis and suicides. unfortunately, you cannot hypnotize anyone to do anything of the sort--i have training in clinical hypnosis and if i could do anything like the evil guy could do in the film, i would have done it! used car salesmen and a few of my old bosses would have been obvious targets!! overall, while not the best philo vance film, it was very good and it's a darn shame lowe only played this role once. in fact, aside from william powell (who played vance five times), the series was hindered by a long, long succession of actors such as basil rathbone, wilfred hyde-white and warren william (and many others) playing vance. this is a similar problem that also plagued the bulldog drummond series--just too many different actors playing the leading man.well worth seeing and exciting--though also quite impossible.

when philo vance (edmund lowe) is standing precariously on the edge of a balcony high above the city, apparently hypnotized and just about to step to his death,it immediately reminded me of a nearly identical scene in another film made nine years later, "the woman in green" in which sherlock holmes (basil rathbone)is similarly about to hurl himself into space while being hypnotized. happily, both philo vance and sherlock holmes survive these attempts at murder by unscrupulous criminals. exciting cinematic suspense in both these scenes. when will they learn you can't cloud the minds of great fictional detectives ?

edmund lowe (who reminds me somewhat of warren william), heads the nice cast of an interesting little mystery that moves at a brisk pace and runs just a little over an hour.douglas walton plays the unlucky jockey who appears to be intent on his own demise (hypnotism, anyone?), and the suspects include a good number of the supporting cast--everyone from virginia bruce, kent smith, frieda inescourt, gene lockhart, jessie ralph, benita hume, rosalind ivan and h.b. warner. as an added bonus, there's nat pendleton as a dimwit detective--and furthermore, get a load of that art deco set decoration for the fancy interiors of a wealthy home. must have been a set that was used in many a subsequent film.on the plus side, the mystery is not so complicated that anyone can follow the plot with reasonable assurance of not being too baffled. it's all suddenly clear to detective philo vance--and then he has a final confrontation with the murderer that gives the film a nifty five minutes of unmitigated suspense.nicely done and passes the time in an entertaining manner.

s.s. van dine must have been a shrewd businessman in dealing with hollywood. most of the film series' from the studio days were usually confined to one or two studios. but apparently van dine must have sold his rights to each book about philo vance one at a time. note that paramount, mgm, warner brothers, and more all released philo vance films. only tarzan seemed to get around hollywood more.mgm produced the garden murder case and starred edmund lowe as the fashionable detective. of course mgm had the screen's original philo under contract at the time, but bill powell was busy doing the thin man at the time and i guess louis b. mayer decided to concentrate him there.edmund lowe is a pretty acceptable philo vance. lowe had started out pretty big at the tail end of the silent era with what price glory and then with a string of films with victor mclaglen with their flagg and quirt characters. but after mclaglen got his oscar for the informer, lowe seemed to fade into the b picture market. the garden murder case involves three separate victims, douglas walton, gene lockhart, and frieda inescourt. the sinister atmosphere around the perpetrator kind of gives it away, the mystery is really how all the killings are connected and how they are accomplished.i will say this though. vance takes a very big chance in exposing the villain and the last 15 minutes are worthy of hitchcock.

"kolchak: the night stalker" is a hugely entertaining tv series in which a pushy, sarcastic, forty-something reporter is repeatedly drawn into mortal combat with supernatural (and occasionally extraterrestrial) forces. based on a very popular pair of tv movies featuring the kolchak character, this series died a quick death in the mid-1970s due to low ratings, but it nevertheless maintains a strong cult following today. but will the average modern-day viewer be able to dig kolchak and his weekly clashes with the undead? that's actually a tough question to answer fairly. detractors of this series tend to argue that it's formulaic and hopelessly dated. on the other hand, fans argue that it's cleverly written, well-acted, and sometimes genuinely spooky. and me? i've got a foot in both camps. i thoroughly enjoyed watching all 20 episodes of kolchak on dvd recently, though i can plainly see that the series has major flaws.i'll address the question of kolchak being "formula" fiction first. now, i think we can all agree that most tv shows have formulas - just about every episode of columbo unfolds according to the same pattern, for example. repetition is not necessarily a bad thing in itself; in fact, critics have long recognized that audiences often enjoy, and actively seek out, repetitive entertainment. however, the problem with kolchak is that its formula is simply too rigid - it's too repetitive even by the most generous standards.in almost every episode, kolchak investigates a murder, and figures out that it was committed by some form of monster. he tries to publish a story about said monster, but his editor vincenzo blocks him, always on the grounds that kolchak doesn't have sufficient evidence to support his claims that supernatural forces are at work. and, alas, kolchak is also obstructed by the police. so, in the end, kolchak does some independent research on the monster, figures out how to kill it... and then kills it. without ceremony, or reward, or writing a big story about it.you can see where this ever-so-strict formula might get tiresome, right? i'm particularly mystified by vincenzo - if kolchak's always raving about monsters, and vincenzo never believes it... well, then, why doesn't vincenzo fire kolchak, or have him committed? that's what any normal boss would do. but the series eschews such realism and prefers to keep vincenzo and kolchak as comical antagonists. as a result, many of their scenes together are profoundly unbelievable - though they are also quite funny.the very best episodes of kolchak manage to vault over the limitations of this formula, however, usually because they contain some kind of unexpected twist. these select episodes are good enough that i think they're largely immune to typical criticisms of the series. some of my favorites include: horror in the heights - an episode that's noteworthy for being grimy, inventive and socially aware. kolchak's dialog has an unusually sharp and cynical edge. though it adheres closely to the kolchak formula, the script (written by hammer studios veteran jimmy sangster) is remarkably literate, and it delves deeply into the monster's backstory.the devil's platform - a possible inspiration for the "omen" films, this episode stands out to me because the villain - a very young tom skerritt - tempts kolchak with a satanic contract full of goodies (and, in so doing, reveals a lot about the reporter's character.) firefall - this episode appears to have a bad reputation among fans, but i enjoyed it because it's got a great red herring and a really creepy, almost unstoppable-seeming monster.though i've singled out these three episodes for praise, i'd say that most of the stories are entertaining at the very least. for my money, there are only two complete turkeys in the 20-episode run: primal scream, which is about monkey-men running rampant in chicago, and the sentry, which features the dumbest-looking creature makeup in the history of filmed entertainment (and this assessment is coming from a lifelong doctor who and godzilla fan!) on balance, then, this is a good series. a little repetitive, a little cheesy perhaps, but it has elements of greatness. even during the weaker episodes, darren mcgavin's wonderful performance as the caustic, world-weary, endlessly funny kolchak truly shines. he carries the series effortlessly, in a way that, for example, sarah michelle gellar never managed on "buffy." mcgavin was one great character actor, and this series is worth watching for him alone.

since was only a toddler when this show originally aired i just recently picked up the dvd set and am wishing there were more episodes filmed. this show was a 70s version of the poplular 90's tv series "x-files"- but with a bit more of a comedic/light hearted approach. but don't get me wrong, some of these episodes have full on horror themes, many in which have some pretty greuesome plots (left to the imagination of course- this was the early 70s television).some of the plots where a bit silly as well as the acting, but that is the charm and attraction to this series. whether you like mystery crime dramas, comedies, or sci-fi/horror themes, this series brought all that together. each episode clocked in at around 50 minutes or so (1 hour with commercials) and that 50 minutes goes by quick always leaving me wanting more. a great classic show that is underrated in my book!

if mulder was looking for his real father here he is darren mcgavin, the first x files, pity it was only one season long the producers of this show didn't know that they had the makings of a classic on their hands and in 1993 along came chris carter with what i call the follow up to the night stalker, the x files. both will go down as classics is my opinion the two shows taking the viewers to a level of experience that only comes along once in a while and who should appear in the x files years later darren mcgavin, as agent arthur dales helping our two favorite hero,s solving cases. paying homage to the man i think so, well done chris carter bringing back a forgotten tv show in the form of david duchovny as darren mcgavin if it wasn't for watching the x files and that particular show i would have never known about the night stalker.

i barely remember this show, a little ,but i remembered it was great! my eldest brother, reminded me about the show recently and i had seen an advertisement for the d.v.d set coming out. the network, again screwed up in pulling this from the air, so that they could put what else in it's place? it should have gone at least 3 seasons. why not, right? i think sometimes that the network executives think they are the 'gods' of the entertainment world. but they mis-guess and flat out miss good show placement from time to time. let it be said that, they have a lot more flops than 'hits'. this was one of the poor decisions to cut from the line-up. anyhow, i am getting this for my collection.

as a forty-something urban explorer/photography and longtime fan of the original kolchak: night stalker series since my early childhood, one aspect that hasn't really been mentioned is the amount of urban exploration carl's character undertook during the series. he always managed to get himself in to one great abandonment, sewer or tunnel after another. armed with only his trusty penlight (okay, so he had some flares in the primal ape episode tunnel) and his camera, he never carried any other gear to either protect himself or make the exploration easier.like many here, i recently purchased the dvd box set of the two pilot movies and subsequent tv episodes, and have been slowly revisiting all the shows. and although i remember watching them back in the early 70s when they first aired, its been over 30 years passed...so many of them seem new all over again. campy, dated and cheesy - but charming and highly entertaining. they just don't make stuff like this these days. now its all regurgitated spin-offs with predictable characters and plots.thankfully, my 16-yr-old daughter has been sitting down to watch the episodes with me and has developed an appreciation for them (she enjoys the genre). it gives me hope and faith the series will carry on to new generations of fans for years to come.

kolchak is sheer entertainment. great stories and a great cast and nothing else to weigh it down. darren mcgavin gives an energetic performance that pulls the audience along with him. simon oakland, jack grinnage and ruth mcdevitt give mcgavin the kind of solid support that most leading actors can only dream of having. some excellent guest stars add colour and verve to individual episodes - erik estrada in legacy of terror, phil silvers in horror in the heights, antonio fargas in the zombie. it's easy to see how a boyhood spent watching kolchak drove chris carter to create the x files. darren - rip. simon - rip. ruth - rip.

there are two distinct ways to enjoy this snappily written, seminal tv show (the "godfather" to x-files and buffy, etc.); as a monster show (it scared the hell out of me when i was a kid!), or as a well-written/acted gumshoe/film-noir. it works on both levels. the scariness may have been diluted over the years (it was made in the mid-70s), but i was pleasantly surprised upon rediscovering the show (via dvd) that i actually enjoy it more now for the latter reasons. the late darren mcgavin is karl kolchak, an eccentric, tenacious, rumpled newsman/monster-hunter who, in pursuit of a story, always finds a supernatural angle; much to the pain of kolchak's over-stressed, put-upon boss tony vincenzo(played with tremendous world-weariness by the also late, great simon oakland; you can practically feel the pain of his budding ulcers!). the interplay between these characters is crackling and witty (much like star trek's spock and mccoy, only more acidic!). over the course of two pilot tv movies and a one-season series, kolchack fought vampires, robots, werewolves, witches, zombies, government conspiracies, aliens, and ancient legends (sounds like the entire 9 yr. run of the x-files! in one season!). and kolchak did it first! and as for composer gil melle's cool, partly-whistled main title music... well, x-files creator chris carter calls mike snow's (very similar) x-files main title theme an 'homage.' both themes work well; leave it at that. and unlike many modern horror/sci-fi shows, most of kolchak's monsters are shown in shadow, and in quick cuts(effectively, and sometimes thankfully; as some of them do not hold up to modern scrutiny; but some still do). modern horror shows take note: less is more! one of the few flaws of the show (and it's a small one) is the over-use of sunny, california locales passing for windy city chicago. night gallery had the same issue; unavoidable for a modest-budget, l.a. based show. and some of the supporting characters seem to fall into what are (now) viewed as clichés (the effeminate reporter, ron updike, always used for comic relief; sweet, old lady/advice columnist emily). but, they all do have their moments to shine (unlike many supporting tv characters since, cliché or not!). kolchak is a timeless show, that serves as a template for many that followed. and carl kolchak is one of the richest characters ever written for a horror genre tv show (agent mulder's real dad). and as a footnote, i tried watching a few episodes of the new, "re-imagining" of the show. it's an x-files clone (a copy of a copy?). and a bad one, at that. carl kolchak is now a model-pretty, angsty 30-something (played dismally by a boring stuart townsend). and giving him a scully-type partner is also a lame idea; it undermines kolchak as a lone, don quixote crusader! and kolchak and vincenzo getting along? where's the tension? the interplay? that they chose to hang the kolchak name on this regurgitated bit o' crap is a prime example of how not to do a remake: take a beloved cult series, scrape off everything unique about it, drain it of all character and color (but keep the name! need that cult cred!), and voilà! instant re-hash! it gets an 'f' in 're-imaginings 101'! this new version deserved the axe! stick with the short-lived, but classic original. it truly gets better with age.

a couple of years back i had purchased (and enjoyed) the mgm double-feature dvd of the two kolchak tv movies, the night stalker (1971) and the night strangler (1972). when the universal set of the subsequent tv series came out, i had intended to buy it immediately – but rumors of playback issues with the dreaded dvd-18s kept me from adding it to my collection; recently, i placed an online order which consisted of a spate of discounted universal box sets and decided to pick up the kolchak 3-discer as well.having watched it now, i can safely say that i didn’t regret acquiring this beloved (if short-lived) crime/horror series one bit: it may follow a standardized formula – dogged and resourceful newspaperman carl kolchak, marvelously played by darren mcgavin, gets into everybody’s hair with his attitude (flustered editor simon oakland, long-suffering colleagues, assorted authoritarian figures, a plethora of monsters and villains), faces up to the inevitable (and usually supernatural) threat alone but, finally, is pressured into keeping his story under wraps – but a winning one (further boosted by an impressive line-up of guest stars and notable behind-the-scenes credits), making the show a great deal of fun.that said, quality varies from one episode to another and the modest budgets afforded them results in special and make-up effects which sometimes leave a lot to be desired (for instance, the werewolf in the eponymous entry and the goofy alligator creature in the very last installment) – not to mention the fact that these were restricted to 50-minute programmes and intended for family consumption to boot rather precludes a simplified and wholesome rendering of its often intriguing psychological and metaphysical themes (in the case of the werewolf, again, he’s never seen biting anyone but, somewhat foolishly, is made to merely throw people around)! while the hero’s cynical narration does a lot to pull one into the fanciful plots, there’s a healthy dose of comedy relief involved in each episode (often, but not exclusively, revolving around mcgavin’s relationship with either oakland or geeky reporter jack grinnage) – to say nothing of reasonable atmosphere (the setting, for the most part, is chicago) and suspense. to make the ride even more pleasant, there’s a bouncy score by gil melle' and jerry fielding.for the record, the monsters encountered (but not always defeated) by kolchak throughout the series are: a revived jack the ripper, a variety of cults (voodoo, native american, aztec), aliens, vampire, werewolf (going round its over-familiar concept by having this particular episode entirely set on a cruise-liner!), doppelganger, satanist, swamp creature, mass of electricity, robot, apeman, witch, headless motorcyclist, succubus, a knight’s armor taking a murderous life of its own (the episode with perhaps the best supporting cast – featuring john dehner as a morose police captain, hans conried and robert emhardt), helen of troy(!) and crocodile. some of the actors (other than those playing kolchak’s co-workers) return in the same roles – keenan wynn and ramon bieri (both as officers of the law), john fiedler (as a shrewd morgue attendant) and richard kiel as two distinct nemeses of the hero. if i were pressed to choose the finest (or most entertaining) episodes, i’d lean towards horror in the heights (co-starring phil silvers and abraham sofaer) and the afore-mentioned the knightly murders – while, as the weakest, i’d go for the werewolf (due to reasons i’ve already explained) and chopper (based on a story concocted by robert zemeckis and bob gale!).unfortunately, the set contains no extras: it would have been nice to see a featurette discussing the numerous concepts dealt with in kolchak: the night stalker, as well as putting the series into the context of where tv was at the time of its original airing, or even denoting the lasting influence it had on the apparently endless run of sci-fi series popular today. in fact, kolchak himself – in a much younger and ostensibly darker guise – returned in a 2005 revival; this version is available at my local dvd rental outlet…but, for various reasons, i’m not sure i’d want to check it out so soon after the 1974-5 classic!

"kolchak" was a tv series that really didn't fit into any category. part horror, part comedy, some social awareness thrown in, and what we have is something that i think people weren't ready for. it's a shame really, as i've started to watch these shows on the chiller network, (i never saw the originals), i realized how different and interesting it really was. starring darren mcgavin as kolchak a reporter for the international news service, and simon oakland as his always angry boss, tony vincenzo, the show followed the exploits of a chicago news reporter who more often than not, became a part of the story himself, as he searched the windy city for modern day creepies that go bump in the night. the underlying charm of macgavin really sets the show apart. a somewhat goofy guy, who always wears the same suit, you cannot help but love him. his jokes are great, and the back and forth between him and the skeptical editor, oakland, are downright hilarious. the stories are for the most part pretty good, and the acting is very good. the 70's were not a *great* period for special effects, and the show suffers for it, but if you suspend disbelief, what you have is a fun series that was ahead of it's time.

i remember the original series vividly mostly due to it's unique blend of wry humor and macabre subject matter. kolchak was hard-bitten newsman from the ben hecht school of big-city reporting, and his gritty determination and wise-ass demeanor made even the most mundane episode eminently watchable. my personal fave was "the spanish moss murders" due to it's totally original storyline. a poor,troubled cajun youth from louisiana bayou country, takes part in a sleep research experiment, for the purpose of dream analysis. something goes inexplicably wrong, and he literally dreams to life a swamp creature inhabiting the dark folk tales of his youth. this malevolent manifestation seeks out all persons who have wronged the dreamer in his conscious state, and brutally suffocates them to death. kolchak investigates and uncovers this horrible truth, much to the chagrin of police captain joe "mad dog" siska(wonderfully essayed by a grumpy keenan wynn)and the head sleep researcher played by second city improv founder, severn darden, to droll, understated perfection. the wickedly funny, harrowing finale takes place in the chicago sewer system, and is a series highlight. kolchak never got any better. timeless.

i'd love to give kolchak a higher rating but the show quickly went from scary/suspenseful to silly. abc's fault. they moved the show to friday nights at 8:00 p.m., then known as the "family hour". never should have been on fridays in the first place. i was a sophomore in high school and loved the early episodes! it was first up against police woman on nbc. abc had huge problems with friday nights. bad season for them overall until barney miller, baretta, and swat debuted in january of '75. kolchak should have been a hit. darren mcgavin begged to get out of his contract to end the show. too bad the writing wasn't up to richard matheson's in the original tv movies. still, mcgavin made kolchak his own, as actors can do. jackie gleason as ralph kramden and caroll o'connor as archie bunker come to mind. that ins set with the manual typewriters and clacking teletypes seems quaint and ancient today, yet that was part of the appeal. they were very lucky to have simon oakland reprise "vincenzo" from the tv films.

it's a genuine shame that this spin-off tv series inspired by the superior made-for-tv pictures "the night stalker" and "the night strangler" only lasted a single season and twenty episodes, because at its best this program offered an often winning and highly entertaining blend of sharp cynical humor (carl kolchak's spirited verbal sparring matches with perpetually irascible and long-suffering editor tony vincenzo were always a treat to watch and hear), clever writing, nifty supernatural menaces (gotta love the offbeat and original creatures in "the spanish moss murders," "the sentry," and "horror in the heights," plus you can't go wrong with such tried'n'true fright favorites as zombies, vampires, werewolves, and witches), colorful characters, lively acting from a raft of cool guest stars (legendary biker flick icon william smith got a rare chance to tackle a heroic lead in "the energy eater" while other episodes featured great veteran character actors like keenan wynn, john fiedler, john dehner, severn darden, and william daniels in juicy roles), effective moments of genuine suspense (the sewer-set climax of "the spanish moss murders" in particular was truly harrowing), and, best of all, the one and only darren mcgavin in peak zesty form as the brash, aggressive, and excitable, but basically decent, brave, and honest small-time chicago, illinois newspaper reporter carl kolchak.kolchak was the quintessential 70's everyman protagonist, a wily and quick-witted fellow with a strong nose for a tasty scoop and an unfortunate knack for getting into all kinds of trouble. moreover, the occasionally bumbling kolchak was anything but superhuman; he usually either tripped or stumbled while running away from a deadly threat, yet possessed a certain inner strength and courage that enabled him to save the human race time and time again from all kinds of lethal otherworldly foes. kolchak was surrounded by a handful of enjoyable secondary characters: simon oakland was perfect as carl's chronically ill-tempered boss tony vincenzo, jack grinnage as the prissy ron updyke made for an ideal comic foil, ruth mcdevitt was simply delightful as the sweet miss emily cowles, and carol ann susi was likewise a lot of fun as eager beaver rookie monique marmelstein (who alas disappeared after popping up in only three episodes). granted, the show did suffer from lackluster make-up and special effects (the titular lycanthrope in "the werewolf" unfortunately resembles a yorkshire terrier!) and the latter episodes boasted a few laughably silly monsters (the headless motorcyclist in "chopper," cathy lee crosby as helen of troy in "the youth killer'), but even the second-rate shows are redeemed by the program's trademark wickedly sly sardonic wit and mcgavin's boundless vitality and engagingly scrappy presence.

i loved kolchak: the night stalker since i saw it on the night it premiered on september 13, 1974. i loved the monsters which seemed scary at the time and the cool music by gil melle (hey, where's the soundtrack guys?) and have often thought about what makes this show work for me so completely and have finally concluded that the reason it endures when many others do not is one simple, important element it has that almost no other scary show seems to have and that is a main character that most people can relate to on an everyday level. when darren mcgavin's carl kolchak starts to discover odd situations, he reacts like most people would. he finds them odd and as he gets closer to danger, he is frightened, even if he knows he must move forward to try to defeat whichever menace is being showcased in that episode. it's rare that he is brave enough to stand up against some superior supernatural force. he's usually set a trap and is hiding or waiting in the wings to see if it works. sometimes, he seems as surprised that he managed to defeat a foe as we are. in one episode, he goes to find a monster in a sewer but when he first sees it, he runs to get out of there but is trapped so reluctantly, he must go back and defend himself. he's heroic because he is willing to do things most of us probably wouldn't do but that doesn't mean he probably wouldn't much rather someone else did it instead of him. he's a regular guy, doing a job, trying to make a buck, not a monster-hunter. he just gets wrapped up in things involving the supernatural, which he has an interest in but he doesn't want to be hurt or killed anymore than any of the rest of us do. if his plan to defeat the creature didn't work, you will often see him running for his life to get away from it, which is of course what i would do in the situation. that's why i was often watching the climax of the shows through my fingers as a kid. kolchak was likable and you cared if something bad happened to him. you were scared for him and for the other characters too. the producers and writers obviously knew that anyone can create a monster suit, scary music and direct a suspenseful scene but it's all for naught if you don't care about the characters. darren mcgavin said that the reason why the show only lasted on season was because he got tired of doing a "monster of the week" show and he decided not to continue. i can tell you i mourned when this show was canceled when i was a kid but, as an adult, i can see why it couldn't go on in that formula for very long. i still love the 20 episodes and two movies that starred mcgavin as the bumbling, determined and brusk but good-hearted reporter for the ins, known as carl kolchak. i seriously doubt anyone who makes shows or movies will ever really understand why i loved the show. it's not the monsters, darkly-lit sets, creepy music or goofy guest stars, although they are all vital ingredients. the secret to it's success is right there in the title - "kolchak: the night stalker". without mcgavin's lovable, bumbling carl kolchak to root for and to care for, then it just ain't a night stalker.

weak scripts at times? yep! cheesy special effects at times? yep! deliciously guilty pleasure most of the time? yep! more about carl kolchak and darren mcgavin? yep! i always enjoyed science fiction as a kid, but found so much of the dracula/frankenstein/mummy/horror stuff as just so much crap. it took abbott and costello to give me a new perspective on the classic universal monsters, and it took carl kolchak to win me over to the "dark side" of entertainment. the duke had rooster cogburn, eastwood had dirty harry, garner had maverick and rockford, selleck had magnum, and darren mcgavin had carl kolchak. mixed in with all those weak scripts, cheesy special effects, that baroque group of supporting characters and actors and guest stars, there was darren mcgavin as carl kolchak. he had a wry sense of humor in spite of the danger, was an idealist in his pursuit of the truth, and a realist when it came to accepting the obligatory incompetence and eventual cover-up by government officials. additionally, unlike 98% of us, kolchak was willing to stick his neck out and do what needed to be done, even if it meant his demise, the end of his journalistic career, or jail time. for all his faults, including no taste in clothes, carl kolchak was a man of charm and wit who drove a beautiful classic yellow mustang (which was an old used car at the time) on his way to save the day for humanity. as good as any other fictional hero carl kolchak was the everyman hero brought to life every week for one season thanks to darren mcgavin. now that he's passed on and his show is on dvd, i hope he's having as much fun watching me watch him have fun playing kolchak the night stalker all over again!

when originally screened in america in 1972, 'the night stalker' became the highest rated made-for-t.v. movie in history. based on jeff rice's unpublished novel, it told how a fearless investigative reporter named carl kolchak ( the late darren mcgavin ) discovered the existence of a vampire in modern-day las vegas. when it arrived on british television four years later, it did not quite have the same impact, but my friends were talking about it at school on monday morning, as indeed was i. we all agreed that it was one of the most exciting things we had seen. i did not know of the existence of 'the night strangler' until it turned up nearly a decade later. i.t.v., who screened the 'kolchak' movies, had apparently decided to pass on the spin-off series; they felt 'barnaby jones' starring buddy ebsen to be more of a draw, and anyway, viewers might confuse 'kolchak' with 'kojak'! for years my only source of information concerning the show was an article in fangoria magazine. i could not even purchase the jeff rice novels.then something wonderful happened. in 1990, b.b.c.-2 put out the show as part of a late-night friday series devoted to the supernatural called 'mystery train', hosted by richard o'brian. 'kolchak' found himself rubbing shoulders with the likes of 'the brain eaters' and 'earth vs.the spider'. the opening titles were trimmed, removing kolchak's whistling, and the closing credits...well, there were none.the first episode screened was 'werewolf'. i cannot say i was overly impressed, but stuck with it, and am i glad that i did!i really wish i'd seen it in 1974. my twelve year old self would have adored it. creepy, humorous, exciting, no wonder it fired chris carter's imagination. the show's biggest asset was, of course, mcgavin. unlike the recent kolchak, the original was an everyman figure, eccentrically dressed, rather conservative. he was to the supernatural what 'columbo' was to crime. the late simon oakland was great too as kolchak's bad-tempered boss tony vincenzo. the scripts overflowed with wonderful, dry wit. i found myself enjoying the programme more for the humour content than the horror. when the twenty episodes ended, i felt bereft.'the x-files' came along a few years later and filled the void - but only to an extent. i wanted kolchak and vincenzo back. i am glad that the show was never revived though. without oakland it would not have been the same.i have the rice books now and have read them several times. i was very surprised when stephen king slated the first ( in his book 'danse macabre' ) as it is as good as anything he has written. alright, so some of the monsters were hardly state-of-the-art, but so what? the new 'kolchak' totally missed the point of the original. what you don't see is sometimes more frightening than what you do...best episode - 'horror in the heights' worst episode - 'the sentry'

one of my favorite shows back in the '70s. as i recall it went to air on friday (or possibly saturday)night on the nine network (?) here in australia. darren mcgavin and simon oakland were great together.each episode usually reached a climax with kolchack having to engage in hand to hand combat with some sort of supernatural opponent. to their credit, the writers made a concerted effort to get away from the usual round of vampires and ghosts as much as possible.i remember one episode in which the adversary was the spirit of an ancient indian chief which/who 'came back' as a massive electrical current which started to kill people in a city hospital. the final showdown saw kolchack trying to short circuit the 'power beast' amidst an explosion of sparks and billowing flames. oh well .... you had to be there at the time but it was an interesting idea.mcgavin always packed a lot of energy and enthusiasm into his roles and this was one of his best.definitely deserves a place in tv's "hall of fame". to quote tony vincenzo .... 'kolchack you are on it '... or, in the case of the hall of fame,'in it' !

not the most successful television project john cleese ever did, "strange case" has the feel of a first draft that was rushed into production before any revisions could be made. there are some silly ideas throughout and even a few clever ones, but the story as a whole unfortunately doesn't add up to much.arthur lowe is a hoot, though, as dr. watson, bionic bits and all. "good lord."

it has been so many years since i saw this but i do feel compelled to defend this gem against those who lambast it.it is interesting and unusual to observe the diversity of opinion here. that is what humour does i suppose. it is subjective. it either charges through your funny bone at 60,000 volts or it leaves you cold and wondering why you gave it the time.this show has some of britain's best comic actors put together in a story that is silly and irreverent and the outcome is hilarious. the dialogue and visual comedy is beautifully delivered and the two leads (cleese and lowe) are superb together. this was made for them.i can't really say anymore other than to implore you to find this and watch it. you won't be disappointed and in a world devoid of genteel humour, this is a classic inane and harmless piece of comedic brilliance.

i'm not a john cleese completist (although i thought "fawlty towers was brilliant), but i am a fan, and when i saw this sitting, neglected, on a shelf at my local blockbuster, i decided to give it a try. what i got was a wonderful surprise, and one of the funniest 50 minute viewing experiences i've ever had. the writing is typical english "goon show" schtick. in fact, as an audio skit, this wouldn't be out of place on a "firesign theater" album. but the execution and timing is spot on and this elevates "strange case" into the kind of jaw-dropping performance that can create lifelong british comedy fanatics. the brits have a gift for combining broadly satirical lampoons with closely observed "tics" of character and timing, and the creators use both to good effect here. cleese's portrayal of "holmes" seems to owe much to the arkin's and seller's "inspector clouseau"; however cleese has such a knack for physical comedy that he more than holds his own. but the unexpected treat here is arthur lowe, who plays "watson" as an genial but invincibly uncomprehending imbecile with such superb timing and delivery that he becomes the best aspect of the film. i'd never heard of lowe before this (his background seems to be vaudeville and musical theater), but he justifies his entire career with this performance as far as i'm concerned.some people might not care for "strange case...", especially if british whimsy isn't their "cuppa tea". but i am extremely glad i got to see this before it vanished from sight.

if you enjoy cleese & all the british 'pythonesque' humour of the time, then this little gem is absolutely hilarious.arthur lowe is a real treat!i saw this with friends on tv when it first came out, and its classic quotes have formed a part of our jokes for 30 years, and will do forever! i have it on tape and it is continually appreciated.perhaps some reviewers are taking it too seriously.i can't believe it is now only available in the us (ntsc of course), and not in uk, where it should be an essential part of the history of british humour!!

you can do a lot with a little cash. blair witch proved that. this film supports it. it is no more than a sitcom in length and complexity. however, because it has john cleese as sherlock holmes it manages to be hilarious even on a budget that couldn't afford a shoestring. the highlight of this film is arthur lowe as the sincere, bumbling watson, his dimness and slowness foils cleese's quick-tempered wit. if you ever run across the film watch it for a quirky laugh or two.

the premise is simple. this movies starts out looking like your average lame chick flick about two attractive young people meeting each other in an airport, then things take a 180 degree turn...i for one, really dislike the kind of mind numbing love story nonsense that pollutes the average movie theater. and it is my humble opinion that wes craven, based on his previous meta-horror films (sceam) does too...following this logic, it's not surprising to find that craven sardonically takes his time to built up a nauseatingly sweet 'sependipity love'-story, only to have an awesome cillian murphy wreck that whole sugar-coated dreamworld... the scope of his character jackson ripner (jack the ripper, get it? lame, right?) in this film is impressive, he goes from being utterly charming to being a twisted nihilistic sicko, which is a plus in my book. as he proceeds to freak out his victim (jennifer garner lookalike rachel mcadams, who i found pretty annoying by the way), you can't help but sympathize with the guy...this is wes craven, embodied in jackson ripner, through cillian murphy, bashing all brainless chick flicks...mr. craven, i salute you.best quote:jackson ripner (after beating the snot out of rachel mcadams in the airplane toilet): "thanks for the quickie!!!"

rachel mcadams. cillian murphy. wes craven. the dream team. this is one of the best thrillers of 2005. a great plot. a great twist. a great eye candy. this is one of wes craven's greatest movies apart from "scream" and "a nightmare on elm street". this could be the best. the plot is one of the best things about the movie and it is very simple. lisa reisert (mcadams) a struggling hotel manager, boards a late red eye back to la. little does she know that she has been followed by jackson ripner aka jack the ripper (murphy). they have a couple of drinks and end up sitting together on the plane. later he reveals to her that he is an assassin who was sent to kill the secreteary of homeland security who is staying in lisa's hotel. and what does this have to with lisa. well, she would have to move his room to the top suite so they can bomb him, if she doesn't ripner will murder her father (brian cox). the twist and bringing of the story really gives it the extra zing and the side characters and the side jokes really add to it. overall, definitely one of the best thrillers of 2005. definitely worth the see.3 1/2 out of 4 stars

wes craven has been created a most successful killer-thriller movies of all time. after watching he's movies, you will find your new fears. people don't know, which wes craven's thriller movie is the best, because they all different.in this movie, lisa is terrorize by fellow-traveler. he coercible her to kill and if she don't do this, jack will kill her father. lisa is in the huge mess, because whatever she choose, she will kill.acting was unreal. rachel mcadams and cillian murphy acted unbelievable good. the emotions was in right choose. idea and script of this movie is great too...sometimes it reminds a "scream", but he definitely better, than both "screams" sequels together.and what can i say - this is the best killer-thriller movie in 21's century yet...

great little thriller. i was expecting some type of silly horror movie but what i got was tight short thriller that waste none of our time. mostof these movies we have to get into the back characters stories so we will either feel sympathy for them or hatred when people start getting killed. o such foolishness here. yes you see a few characters but they really only interact with the principals. such as the husband wife at the motel whose room was canceled. we saw them so we could just how efficient the lisa character was and how inefficient the new hotel clerk was. we see the little girl simply because she will have a very small but important role later in the movie when all heck breaks loose. the flight atrendants because we need on in particular to move the plot ahead. the bad guy in particular needs her in the beginning of the flight. the rude guy in the airport was important to the movie too. the only 2 characters that were just 5 liners with no use to the plot were the two young guys on the plane. that was clever because i thought they would have something to do with plot. from the first scene to the last the woman character a young hotel executive named lisa is in charge. even when jackson shows his true colors she doesn't panic. she thinks what she can do to stall time. any other movie the smart executive women would be acting like idiots. but not this one. it was a very short movie and i was waiting for the usual plot devices to kick in because the movie seemed to be coming to its conclusion fast. thankfuly none of them were used. the new hotel clerk did not do the usual called and told her what to do, which is panic drop the phone and run out of the hotel without saying anything, or question your boss and tell her she had to much to drink and just dismiss her. was craven should do more of these types of movies. also one last comment. brian cox is in the movie but i had not one clue who he was. i had to come over here to see that he is lisa's father. he is completely unrecognizable.

i was bored one night and red eye was on and thought why not.red eye is one of the best movies in a long time.i mean i just got into the movie cause it was just so brilliant.the story is new and different.the movie also has two great leads in the movie with rachel mcadams as lisa reisert and cillian murphy as jackson rippner.the acting is just brilliant and you get the feel for the people in the movie.the music is just excellent, it give you chills and can also make you feel relax.i just love how the movie was just so well done and it never gets boring.red eye is just phenomenal. nothing more and nothing less.it's a excellent thriller.overall, i enjoy red eye so much that i can watch it over and over again.if you like red eye, then i recommend elektra and cry wolf.i give red eye 9 out of 10.great movie

cillian murphy and rachel mcadams star in this action/thriller written and directed by the master of suspense, wes craven, himself. the whole movie starts with some trouble at the lux atlantic, a hotel in miami. the problem is all fixed by lisa reisert, the manager of the hotel. then she goes to the airport, and that's where all of the trouble begins. she meets jackson rippner, who doesn't like to be called jack because of the name jack the ripper, if you know you him and i mean. then they board the plane, and crazy enough, rippner and reisert sit next to each other. for the next half-hour, lisa is terrorized, tormented, and terrified by rippner. i won't give anything away. then we move on to where jack is chasing lisa in the airport. then lisa goes to her house to see if her father is okay, and crazily enough, rippner is already there. there is nearly twelve minutes of violence and strong intensity throughout that entire scene. in total, about 25 minutes of intense action comes at the end.not only was the movie intense but it had a great plot to it. like i said, i will not give anything away because it's so shocking and thrilling and somewhat disturbing/frightening. and the acting from every single character in the movie, even the ones with no lines at all, were all pitch perfect. it was incredible. everything was awesome in this movie! the acting, the music, the effects, the make-up, the directing, the editing, the writing, everything was wonderful! wes craven is definitely the master of suspense. red eye is definitely a must-see and is definitely worth spending your money on. you could watch this movie over and over and over again and it would never ever get boring.red eye i have to say is better than 10 out of 10 stars.original mpaa rating: pg-13: some intense sequences of violence, and languagemy mpaa rating: pg-13: some very intense sequences of violence, and languagemy canadian rating: 14a: violence, frightening scenes, disturbing content

(you'll know what i mean after you've seen red eye...) overall, red eye was a better-than-expected thriller. it gets off to a slow start, and slowly builds. but by the time it was over, it's a thumper! it's hard to exactly define what makes this thriller as... thrilling as i found it. except that, simply put, the director did a creditable job of pulling you into the action of what would otherwise have been a run-of-the-mill plot. i rather tended to forget i was watching a movie. that says a lot.other factors, i think, are the "closeness" of victim and bad guy... and that over time, you begin to really relate to the victim. a scant 8 out of 10, more like a 7.5... but that's pretty good!

red eye, a movie that id had wanted to see for awhile...cillian murphy plays jack ripner (jack the ripper) a managerial pose to assassins, and his literally killer plan to knock off a highly profiled man and his family.an everyday woman "lisa" (i think) is a normal woman, goes to work, home...worries...hates to fly.the death of her grandmother sends her on a flight which delayed several times.a flight where she meets jack...an ordinary seeming guy, until he suavely reveals his profession and plans, which coincidentally include her in them, she is the key to the keefe's (sp?) death.she succeeds in saving them...but nearly the cost of her life is taken, jack is beaten...the keefs are saved...oh what a story *laughs* just kidding, the movie is really good actually, the best of last year...there are small things that you have to pay attention to earlier in the movie that play a great importance to the movie later... (the frankenstein pen) i watched it several times before catching all the little jokes and quirks...a must see for thriller fans no sexual, but there is a slight hint (the bathroom scene) (jack) "thanks for the quicky" and the (female attendant) "ohhh...its gonna be one of those flights" (second female attendant) "hey! this isn't a motel" you get the idea...

-a very pretty red headed woman waiting for her plane meets a charming young man that she connects with. as the two get on their flight and sit next to each other the young man jack becomes deadly as he threatens lisa to either change the room that a politician and his wife will be staying in, or else have her father die. see now that's what you happens when you fly coach, stuff like that never happens in first class.-other than having a conflict that takes place on a flight, the other thing that this movie shares with "flightplan" is the sheer unbelievability *if that's a word* of the story. the point of the whole is to get the main character to change a politician's room so he can be assassinated which is a pretty plausible plan, but won't it have being easier for jack to just find someone that was computer savvy and have them hack into the hotel's system? teenagers today can damn near do anything with computers, so i'm pretty sure it would have been easier for him to simply get someone to change it using a computer instead of going through the trouble of spying on lisa and getting her into the predicament that she lands on in the movie.-plus one thing that struck me as odd was how no one on the plan heard a single thing they were talking about. this is a very small plane were talking about here and since their voices were raised occasionally it seems to me like the other passengers should have heard something. but i'm 100% sure that i'm reading way too much into it. the movie is meant to be as realistic as an episode of "24" so one can't be perplexed by such complexities. for all my complaints though, this is still a very fun movie that gets the job done. it's not exactly the type that requires to shut of your brain, but at the same time it doesn't require great intelligence to fully enjoy.-i'd love to sit here in my comfy chair and rave about the brilliant acting in the movie but really i can't. i love rachel mcadams, i love cillian murphy, and i like brian cox, but they don't really stretch their acting muscles here. it's not really much of a problem since this isn't the movie that studios hope to win multiple awards and the acting isn't the least bit horrible, just not great. wes craven isn't exactly the first that comes to mind when you think of a movie like this, but he does a very nice job considering the time they had to film the movie and the lack of depth to the script. it was definitely a huge improvement over the disappointing "cursed" and as much as i liked him doing something different with this movie, i still would love for him to go back to doing what he did in the past which is great horror movies that is talked about decades after it's release.-one nice thing about the movie which i really appreciated was just how short the movie was. it is great to sit and watch a nice three hour or so movie once in a while, but nowadays it's like every movie that comes out feels too long, where as this movie just felt like the right length. not too long, and too short. they don't waste time by trying to develop the characters too much because they know this isn't the movie for that and by doing so they made a very nice short movie. being a huge film music geek, i have to say that the best part of the movie is the ultra cool score by marco beltrami. it's really nice to see beltrami go from writing the predictable stuff to the great music he's doing now. i really the cool techno/orchestral stuff he does for the main titles. too bad that i can't find the soundtrack anywhere, would have really loved to listen to the titles anytime i wanted instead of having to pop in the dvd when i want to hear it.-overall it's nice for what it is and whiles it's far from great cinema, should still provide for some small entertaining hour and a half

this is an excellent, fast paced thriller by wes craven (nightmare on elm street), who for 85 minutes leaves aside the supernatural and presents us with something even more terrifying - the evil of human beings. we are far more likely to encounter the benign evil of jackson rippner than freddy kruger, and cillian murphy (batman begins) does an excellent job of presenting a sociable, friendly, even charismatic killer. the performances by murphy and by rachel mcadams (claire, from the wedding crashers)are brilliant. most of the film takes place on a very intimate level, between two people, their eyes, their faces. it is action on a small scale, not the broad sweep of the canvas, and it is no less compelling for these limitations. the cinematography is nothing special, though of course one can do only so much with a camera in the confines of a passenger jet, but the dialog is excellent, the story taut. there are no distractions, no subplots confuse the issue which is at its heart a battle between the main characters. by keeping his focus and avoiding distractions, wes craven is able to take what is a very minimal plot and turning it into an exciting, fast-paced action thriller.

lisa is a hotel manager or owner and she gets on a flight to miami. she ends up sitting next to an assassin named jackson who tells her that she has to switch a room of a family or her father dies. the reason she has to switch the room is because jackson wants to blow it up.it's a great suspense movie because lisa tries several ways to escape this ploy that jackson has set up. the whole storyline is great and i thought that they could have spent some more time on the plane. there could have more to the plane but other than that, the whole movie was pretty good.i especially liked the ending because it was heart-stopping. i didn't know what was going to happen and i was surprised by it. for me, this movie just took off.

"i didn't want this to get complicated, leese. i have to assume she's gonna read that." fear takes flight at 30,000 feet in this taut, action thriller. an overnight flight to miami quickly becomes a battle for survival when lisa ( rachel mcadams) realizes her seatmate ( cillian murphy) is planning to use her as part of a chilling assassination plot. as the minutes tick by, she's in a race against time to warn the potential victims before its to late.one of the many reasons i love this movie, is because of the chemistry between the two stars, mcadams and murphy, who are also two of my top favorite actors. for example, the early scenes at the airport play more like a romantic comedy: two people keep running into each other.... i got to hand it to the two as well, for making a film like this work. especially, murphy's character.. jackson who really seems to be sort of complicated in that way that he acts charming and innocent, yet he's trying to do his job and make lisa feel trapped physically and mentally. i mean, in certain parts he really seems to be concerned for lisa.a great thrill ride all the way through. a lot of films i would hate to see a prequel or a sequel about, but actually i wouldn't mind a prequel to this one, which would take place with jackson surveilling lisa. favorite scene is probably that headbutt scene, because it was so unexpected. there was also that nice buildup to the famous 'pen' scene. when is she going to make her move? there was also that nice change in mcadam's lisa, where she changed herself from being a victim into fighting back. i also loved the scene where she sits down in the food court and pretends to ask some ladies a survey about the food court. how great was murphy with his whole weezing.....

red eye is a thrilling film by the creator of freddy kreuger, wes craven. wes craven depicts the story of a regular hotel worker lisa. after attending the funeral of her grandmother, she decides to take the red eye flight. during waiting, she meets this man named jack rippner, (how fffrreeaakkyy is that?) and they sort of become friends. ironically, both sit right next to each other on this plane. then this is when the horror starts. this movie is thrilling and to the weak hearted people who don't like thrilling/horror films, well lets say that its possible that they might pee in their pants. this is an excellent example of a bone shaking production. wes craven did well with this film. he chose the right actors, like rachel mcadams, an intelligent, sexy girl who knows what she's doing and is cautious of everything when she's acting in a film. cillian murphy, the scary and horrifying actor who can chill your bones at his amazing acting being the bad character in this film, and his face can really widen your eyes. wes craven did an excellent job and i hope that he makes more films like this one.

red eye is a good little thriller to watch on a saturday night. intense acting, great villain and unexpected action.some might not want to see this movie because it goes for a very short 85 min's and 88% of the movie is on a plane and just talking. don't worry they pull it off very well with the smart and witty dialog.a pg-13 movie seems to be new grounds for director wes craven. but surely enough he has fit as much violence as he possibly can into this thriller.this movies strongest point is its cast. this film needed good actors to deliver the dialog and thrills. if they didn't have those actors the film would have been lost and boring. we had rachel mcadams from mean girls and wedding crashers. cillian murphy from batman begins and 28 days later. rounding off this cast is brian cox from x-men 2.the pacing in this film was great. just when your thinking its going to get boring they throw a twist at you. luckily this isn't a long movie and doesn't feel like it either. much better then the other flight movie flight plan.here is my flight plan comment: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0408790/usercomments-578i recommend. not too long and not too shabby.8/10

red eye starts in texas where hotel receptionist lisa reisert (rachel mcadams) is about to catch the last 'red eye' flight back to miami where she lives & works. while waiting for her plane lisa meets the handsome & charming jackson rippner (cillian murphy) & they both seem to hit it off, then when they board the plane they discover that by a coincidence they are seated next to each other. once the plane takes off & they are in the air jackson reveals who he really is & that their seemingly chance meeting was not a coincidence, jackson says that he is working for someone who wants to assassinate the homeland security secretary charles keefe (jack scalia) & they need her to change his rooms at the hotel where she works in miami. jackson tells lisa to phone the hotel & make it happen or her father will be killed...directed by wes craven who is perhaps better known for his horror films such as the last house on the left (1972), a nightmare on elm street (1984), the serpent and the rainbow (1989), the people under the stairs (1991) & the scream trilogy of teen slashers a short, punchy, fast paced little thriller like red eye seems like a big departure from the sort of film craven usually makes. the script by carl ellsworth makes for a surprisingly gripping thriller that i must admit i really enjoyed, at only 85 odd minutes in length it's a very quick moving, economical & straight to the point sort of film that focuses almost entirely on one tight, taught plot rather than go off in various directions with lots of subplots. some may like this approach like i did while other's may not but i think it draws you into the action a lot more as it comes thick & fast without the film slowing down any & giving you a chance to relax. i really liked the plot for red eye, sure a film like this is always going to have one or two questionable moments in terms of plotting but what the hell, it's a film made to entertain & for me that's what it did. i really liked the two central character's, lisa comes across as very likable while jackson rippner (an obvious play on the name of the notorious victorian serial killer jack the ripper) is a suitably slimy villain with a cold 'i'm only doing my job' type mentality. another plus point is that i didn't think anyone behaved overly stupid here, everyone actually seemed like human beings & the films plays out in a relatively plausible fashion. i really liked this & it's one of craven's better more recent films.craven turns in a good solid tense, tight, taught & fast paced thriller with an attractive cast, some good action & a gripping plot. he certainly doesn't hang about & once he starts the action & tension he never lets up, far & away the most effective part of the film is when rippner is holding lisa hostage on the plane & once the film switches to miami & lisa's fathers house it does become a little bit more routine but it's still good. a special mention goes to rachel mcadams who is absolutely gorgeous in this, i could probably watch red eye again just because she is in it & looks drop dead stunning. those who see wes craven's name attached to red eye expecting a horror film should think again since there's no horror in it at all (despite the imdb listing 'horror' as red eye's genre). i am not sure about the ending, on the one hand it was nice to see the villain live for a change which goes against traditional expectation but it might have been more satisfying to see lisa kill him in some way.dreamworks apparently gave red eye an initial budget of $44,000,000 but reduced it to $25,000,000 although it's still a very well made film with glossy production values. actually shot in los angeles & florida in california. the film was supposedly written with husband & wife sean penn & robin wright penn intended for the leads but eventually the makers opted for younger leads. as i have already said rachel mcadams is pure eye candy & is a total babe in this & worth watching the film for on her own. oh, & she puts in a decent performance too.red eye is a really fast paced taught tension filled little thriller that i enjoyed immensely, i didn't think i would enjoy it as much as i did & i am glad i decided to watch it. this definitely gets a recommendation from me & rachel mcadams really is hot stuff in this...

greetings again from the darkness. what a relief ... a thriller that actually is thrilling! new "it" girl rachel mcadams ("wedding crashers" and "the notebook") dominates screen time in this nice little classic suspense thriller from famed horror film director wes craven ("scream" movies and "a nightmare on elm street"). craven even has a cameo as one of the passengers on the plane.what makes this one work, is the realism of the first 15-20 minutes as we see mcadams interact with 4 or 5 people either in person or on the phone. she is a natural. when she meets cillian murphy (the scarecrow in "batman begins") in what appears to be happenstance, the film really takes flight. watching the two yuppie-types flirt while the audience knows something evil is brewing, is bewitching film-making! the plane boarding sequence is mesmerizing and the 30 plus minutes onboard is excruciatingly claustrophobic. craven keeps us guessing as to the involvement of others and if anyone will come to her rescue.as with many thrillers, the only letdown occurs during the climax when the lamb turns into a superhero. an interesting plot device leads us to believe little rachel has the necessary pent up frustration to see this through, but we can't help but cringe a bit. the most overdone scenes involve irate hotel guests, an annoying airline passenger, cillian's injury and the fx at the hotel. the strength of the film is in the character development and psychological games between the leads. sadly the fine screen veteran brian cox is under-utilized, but overall this is an above-average suspense thriller worth seeing for all but the finale.

red eye is not the kind of movie that's going to win the palme d'or, but wes craven has never been that kind of director, anyway, and his branding is a good indication of what a film-goer can expect.the fact that red eye is a tight little, undemanding package at 94 minutes is part of its charm and an indication of craven's craft in producing lightweight, but generally enjoyable, box office fare. in fact, it's the perfect kind of movie to show as inflight entertainment, attention-holding without putting any intellectual or emotional challenges on the viewer.overall there is a cheesy feeling to the plot, vague terrorist subplot motivation and the supporting characters, and the main section has a tv movie feel. however, there are definite elements of hitchcockian suspense, and echoes of schumacher's phone booth, which ultimately is a more sophisticated (and pretentious) play on the same idea of emotional crisis being played out suppressed in public.for a film that focuses mainly on two people sitting in airline seats, it lives or dies on the characters and script. cillian's icy but eloquent jackson rippner and rachel macadams resourceful lisa are the main reasons the film gets carried off. not only making the dialogue zing but also giving some sort of adam's rib type dimension to their battle of 'male logic' against feminine 'sensitivity'.in the final portion of the film craven indulges himself a little scream style as man-chases-girl-with-knife. the most surprising revelation here is what brian cox looks like after the 'just for men' treatment, his ubiqutous appearance in films as diverse as super troopers, the ring and this making him the sexegenarian version of jude law.short haul fun.

i also just got back from an advanced screening of redeye and i must say i haven't had so much fun at a movie in a long time. wes craven is at his best ever. he brings us an amazing end of summer thriller i was so desperately craving. this is the thriller of the year..no doubt. all the actors are amazing and the action is realistic and fun. the f/x were great. it steadily built suspense. i was on the edge of my seat most of the movie. it's been a while since i heard an audience cheer and clap and get excited in a theater. if your looking for thrills,action and a good plot this summer, redeye delivers. go see it!

on an overnight flight from los angeles to miami, lisa reisert (rachel mcadams) meets a charming man who turns out to be a hired killer who demands her help killing a businessman or else her own father will die.red eye is a terrific thriller that keeps the audience on the edge of their seats. the premise is similar to cellular and phone booth but red eye is better than both of those films. almost everything about red eye is above average including the suspense, the acting and the direction. most of the film does take place on a plane but that doesn't slow down the movie. the film is very fast pace and exciting with no slow or boring spots. wes craven does a really good job behind the camera. instead of focusing on the thrills, he focuses on the story and the characters. the movie does have its share of suspenseful moments but that's not what the film is really about. i also like the way wes craven focuses on the other passengers and the small details that become important later on. red eye really shows his skills at storytelling.red eye also works well because of its young and talented cast. rachel mcadams gives a very engaging performance and her character is hard to hate. you may even end up cheering for her out loud. cillian murphy gives a very creepy and effective performance as the villain. the way he acts charming at first but then turns psycho is especially impressive. the supporting actors are also pretty good which include brain cox and jayma mays.the movie is also very stylish and it has this overall creepy vibe to it. the setting works well since there is an obvious fear of isolation and no escape. overall, the tone of the film is consistently creepy. the screenplay isn't as strong as everything else though. there are a few unrealistic moments that may distract the viewer. most of them didn't bother me but there were of few that left me shaking my head. also, the ending is disappointing. it isn't a bad ending just a very simple one and a different approach would have been better. since the movie focuses on the characters, there is really no scream moments maybe just a few jumps. if you expect a horror movie then you will end up disappointed. in the end, red eye is an engaging thriller and it's one of the best movies of the summer. rating 8/10

beautifully filmed, well acted, tightly scripted suspense movie. had me on the edge of my seat. i liked the lead actress very much, and thought the villain was very well done. not much to chew on here in the way of a theme, but if you just get in your seat, turn your brain off, watch the fancy camera work, and enjoy the plot, you will have a great time. the plot is well worn, and regular movie goers will probably know more or less what to expect by about ten minutes in. but that didn't bother me, as i enjoyed watching it unfold. in the old days, they might not have focused so tightly on just two characters, and there were some enticing moments when i hoped they were going to let some other people have a few lines. but these folks were probably right to keep the movie so tightly focused. the plot got me by the throat fairly early on, and never let go. it's not a good idea to think too much either during or after the movie. as i'm not sure it makes a great deal of sense. just sit back and enjoy.

scream was wes craven's last decent thriller. since then there has been nothing but an unbearable streak of hollywood trash barely good enough for a blockbuster night, including the disappointment of the scream sequels. perhaps the genius and the craftsmanship devoted to the movie drained all the energy and creativity out of him, so that when it came time for supper, he had nothing to serve us but his own doo doo. finally, after who knows how many bad movies later, he gives us a delicious, ruthless, gripping, chilling suspense thriller with red eye.rachel mcadams once again delivers an enjoyable performance as she plays a hotel manager who has the unfortunate connection with an important political figure and regular at her hotel. then she meets jackson ripner (cillian murphy, batman beyond) at the airport, who she gets to know a little better after a delayed flight and a bay breeze. what she doesn't know is he already knows her. and he also knows her father, who she will never see again if she fails to cooperate and meet jackson's demands- to use her connections to set up her hotel regular for assassination.you're probably thinking this is nothing but your everyday thriller complete with predictability and chase scenes. although this is a good old fashioned thriller, that's the beauty of it. no special effects. no cheap make up. just classic suspense. you feel the desperation and regret with every decision mcadams is forced to make and you actually care for her as you cheer her on every move she makes to find an escape from her claustrophobic position.as always she delivers an entertaining and convincing performance. it's either her sweet face or her uncanny ability to sincerely cry, but you always seem to sympathize with her if her role demands it. cillian murphy on the other hand is naturally creepy looking, so even if the trailer didn't reveal it, his ultimate transition from charming stranger to merciless jackass isn't so surprising. perhaps it would have been more trippy to see a nice guy persona like toby maguire transforming into evil relentless madman. nevertheless, cillian murphy, after his true identity is established, played the role so solidly you'd really want him to die, or at least get his ass kicked.don't overlook this feature. there are plenty of chalkboard screeching moments and heart jumpers that will keep your eyes on the screen instead of your watch like you would at craven's recent pictures. if not for the you, do it for all the times you'll see your girlfriend, or boyfriend, or someone with popcorn jump and cling on to you. wes finally gets it right. aside from his trademark mastery in suspense, red eye is not without its humor as mcadams' replacement cynthia at the front desk fumbles to keep the hotel in order. it was a relief that red eye wasn't a disappointment. instead you'll get the pleasure of seeing mcadams deliver another incredibly talented performance, murphy look creepier by the minute, and craven craft a classic traditional thriller. a flight that was delayed and would have been the beginning of craven's renaissance had it arrived right after scream.

i had fun watching red eye. it's not a masterpiece, but it's well directed and structured. cillian murphy and rachel mcadams are perfect in the role. yes, it's the same old story with a different setting but wes craven gave it a good pace. at least not another scream with the usual college killer. it's nice when you can see a clean, coherent thriller even when originality doesn't stand out as its main character. particularly from a film-maker like craven that has brought so many innovative ideas to the thriller and horror genre in the past and that now just lends himself to bringing home what could have been a good tv movie had it not been released theatrically. good job!

i saw an advanced screening for this movie tonight. i absolutely loved it. the movie kept me on the edge of my seat all night. cillian murphy is extremely creepy as the villain. for those of you who have seen batman begins, his character was much scarier in this film. he played his character very well. the scariest "bad guy," i have seen in awhile. rachel mcadams was great. everyone in the audience laughed, gasped and cheered at the same time, as if we were on cue. the suspense is held through out the movie. the amazing part is that the end was not anti-climatic. i was not disappointed in the end. i felt satisfied. the trailer does not do the movie justice. the movie is much better than the trailer indicated. do not wait for this movie to come out on video. go see it. although, i did not have to pay to see this movie, i would have gladly given 10.75 to see it. enjoy!

what i liked best in this film is that like the films of hitchcock, it is a thriller that does not take itself too seriously.hitchcock understood that people go the the movies to have a good time. something that hollywood seems to have forgotten in recent years. this is a thriller, but it has plenty of laughs and always has one eye winking at the camera.rachel mcadams is wonderful as always. cillian murphy is creepier than he was in batman begins. in the old days, there were guys who always played the bad guy. we don't see much of that these days because i suspect the hollywood agents consider it a bad career move, but cillian murphy is really good at being bad.the directing is surprising stylish. the story is good but the dialog could have used some sprucing up."red eye" is a really fun film and people were applauding when the closing credits started rolling. if you are in the mood for an enjoyable escapist thriller, "red eye" might be your ticket.

there's a theory of time that posits that all the moments that ever existed and will exist, actually exist right now. it's a bit too much to wrap your head around, but perhaps a bit of a comfort to those who wish they could go back to a simpler time and place. for barbara jean trenton (ida lupino), that time was twenty five years earlier, the mid 1930's when her youth and glamor held the greatest promise. for my part, if i could travel through time, it would be back to the 1950's when i grew up. maybe to a place like willoughby, but that's another episode.one thing that wouldn't be so special about 1959 would involve dealing with all that clunky machinery just to watch an episode of "the twilight zone". how many reels do you think it would take to catalog the entire series, and then find a particular story you wanted to watch? i guess you have to consider the trade offs, convenience versus simplicity, having it right now or taking the time to spool it up to the exact spot where the story begins. popping in a cd has it's advantages.i'm a little surprised that rod serling would pen a story that so closely resembled "sunset boulevard". ida lupino's character mirror imaged norma desmond just a bit too closely to be considered an original concept. martin balsam portrays very much a similar character to erich von stroheim, the husband turned butler who's loyalty is unquestioned. where the story diverges has to do with the way danny (balsam) and sall (ted de corsia) challenge barbara jean to get with reality and clear the cobwebs that paralyze her existence.fortunately for us viewers, ida lupino had no such reservations about taking parts that were 'not big, but a nice showcase'. it's a real treat to watch any episode of "the twilight zone" and get to see who pops up from days gone by. sometimes you get a two-fer, like you have here with lupino and balsam, celebrities who sometimes made their mark before the series began, and sometimes after. combined with the stories that the program produced, it's not surprising that they still manage to entertain so well today.

i really enjoyed this episode, which was a great surprise given the bad reputation it seems to have acquired. from a pure writing perspective, 'the 16mm shrine' is an absolute treat, with fantastic dialogue and character analysis, typical of sterling. in particular i really enjoyed the philosophical indulgences of the episode, tackling themes of existence and reality, whilst balancing it with more psychological topics such as denial, pride, and desire. 'the sixteen-millimeter shrine' is an episode about how these ideas based around an unwillingness to accept change can seemingly alienate a person from the rest of the ever-changing world. it is also a fantastic example of cerebral twilight zone; one that explores the mind rather than the world outside it. these elements all come together very nicely to create a thought provoking and incredibly interesting 25 minutes.the episode is not without its faults however, which mainly lay in lupino and leisen shoes. ironically, i felt lupino was unconvincing throughout, with only a few scenes that could count as memorable. this of course being an absolute shame considering how well sterling had written her character. furthermore leisen didn't seem to know what to do with most of his characters, sometimes having them stand around on set doing next to nothing -which probably explains why accepted the poor performances from lupino half the time-. thankfully balsam does a good job of covering up a lot of weak spots, helping redeem the show from an acting perspective at least.as i said previously however, if you're a fan of classic film and cerebral science fiction, this shouldn't be as bad as it's sometimes made out to be. in addition to the writing that i mentioned above, the episode also features some fantastic photography (it still amazes me that the show looks this good nearly fifty years later!) and decent enough set-design. overall 'the sixteen-millimeter shrine" is a great episode and above all is certainly one to make you think.

after hitting the viewers with three very different episodes right off the bat, serling continued to go about introducing viewers to 'the twilight zone' in a very strange way by scheduling one the series biggest growers as the fourth episode. 'the sixteen-millimeter shrine' is one of the more understated episodes, focusing on an aging movie star's inability to cope with the changing times and only introducing a supernatural element in the closing minutes. because of this approach, the episode is under whelming at first but subsequent viewings reveal it to be a thoroughly classy and beautifully written short story.both the leads, ida lupino as barbara jean trent and martin balsam as her frustrated but caring agent, shine in their performances. the main problem with the episode is that the supposedly 25 year old footage of the actress is unconvincing. lupino looks identical when playing the young trent as she does when playing the middle aged trent and this diminishes the tragedy of the situation significantly. fortunately, lupino acts her socks off in convincing us of her desperation to return to the past. it's a situation most can sympathise with, and yet trent is far from a sympathetic character. she is a prima-donna who gives little thought to the feelings of those around her, such as the disastrously withered co-star who she tactlessly belittles because he reminds her of just how long ago her glory days were. it is somewhat surprising, then, that she is rewarded with a happy ending. it is clear what is going to happen from the moment we see the huge projection screen and it is cleverly pre-empted in the opening moments when trent scares her maid by stepping out from behind the screen. what is not clear at the beginning, however, is whether being sucked into the projector will prove a reward or a harsh lesson in appreciating what we have and living in the moment. as it turns out, trent is allowed to return to the past she longed for, a testament to how strong the wishful thinking of humans can be.'the sixteen-millimeter shrine' gets better with each viewing. the top notch writing and acting combine to create a short play of enormous power which reflects the nature of humans to long for the past, even though we can never return. except in the twilight zone.

i am going to go out on a limb, and actually defend "shades of grey" as a good clip-show episode, which delved into the life and death struggle of commander william thomas riker who was battling a terminally fatal disease.the scenes from the flashback sequences were implemented quite well with the mood riker was in such as when he was reliving his romantic episodes such as "11001001," "angel one," and "up the long ladder." tragic moments were highlighted such as tasha's death in "skin of evil," as well as elements of pulse-pounding danger in "heart of glory," "conspiracy," and the aforementioned "skin of evil." riker also exhibited courage under fire by telling some humorous jokes such as "an ancestor of mine was bitten by a rattlesnake once...after 3 days of intense pain, the snake died." this episode highlighted the psychological ordeal of will riker under extreme duress. and, yes, i am biased in my opinion in proclaiming "shades of grey" as a solid episode, because at the time of its original airing, my face was covered in sweat, wondering whether or not riker would pullout of it alive and live to see other great, galactic, outerspace adventures beyond the final frontier...of course, in subsequent years, i seem to have formed a singular opinion of this particular episode...but, if an award should go for "the best clip-show episode in the history of television," then i believe that this episode should be highly regarded in that respect.

i am watching the series back to back as fast as possible. i am attempting to watch all things star trek. this is month 3 and i am now on season 3 of tng and i have already gone thru ds9 in its entirety. star trek is the greatest television phenomenon ever achieved."shades of grey" is the first recap episode in the tng series. having just watched the shows, these clips were fresh in my mind, but i noticed how a couple of them were re-shot because the film looked better. season 1 always seemed real dark and ugly to me - and the actors looked silly, like they didn't fit in their own skins.the show is essentially just made of up a greatest hits of the happiest and saddest moments in riker's life on the enterprise up until this point. the data and riker scene in the holo-deck is a classic moment of new friendship. my other favorite is when the 2nd officer on the klingon ship challenges riker's authority as first officer and riker beat the living crap out of that klingon. then the admiral kicks his a$$ but good. this entire episode is a heck of a reminder that a lot of crazy, great things have happened already in a mere 2 seasons with 5 more to go and a handful of movies! at this point in the series they are really starting to develop the emotions that tie riker to deanna troi as imzadi. up until this point they have mentioned the fact, but they have yet to exploit it. let the record show that the st wiki - memory alpha claims that imzadi means "first" and denotes that she has had intimate relations with riker and also remains deeply close on an emotional one. this episode further proves there will be a tense romantic interest in each other for a long time to come.here is the article: http://memory-alpha.org/en/wiki/imzadi by this point in the series, production value is up to speed and star trek tng is settling into the sci-fi behemoth it was destined to become. watching this again as an adult i see now what great actors the star trek universe provides. they really need to make a new st show set after all the current shows. a ds9 movie would have been nice too.

they're not jawing journalists cary grant and rosalind russell from "his girl friday" or witty detective william powell and sassy lady myrna loy from thin man, but woody allen and scarlett johansson are surprisingly charming as amateur sleuths in scoop. their screwball repartee is more postmodern than post depression, allen's writing filled with ironic self deprecation and plain old new york angst. shades of the old wit occur rarely, such as when he, as sid, the great splendini magician, responds about his background: "i was born into the hebrew persuasion, but when i got older i converted to narcissism." johansson, fresh from allen's match point as a bad girl, here gets to be a relatively good, sometimes ditsy journalism student caught in a murder mystery suitable for london: a serial killer. the plot is a reworking of his recent london-based thriller match point, right down to the upper-class sins and the "american tragedy"/place in the sun boating "accident." as a matter of fact, allen is reworking manhattan murder mystery and purple rose of cairo to name just a couple of other examples. i care not if he reworks; i would like the new material to be at least the equal of the originals, and, alas, it is just a reflection of his younger greatness.allen as director and actor can't hide his love for the actress, as he couldn't for diane keaton, and therefore takes a middling comedy into an appropriate place down the allen canon, not great but amusing, at times brilliantly satirical: about the suspected upper-class murderer, sid (allen) quips, "i'd be very surprised if he killed one person." this is vintage allen humor. while there are barely any bright literary allusions as in most of his film, he lards scoop with music from grieg, tchaikovsky, and strauss to let us know the woodman has not lost his touch of class.

in the funeral of the famous british journalist joe strombel (ian mcshane), his colleagues and friends recall how obstinate he was while seeking for a scoop. meanwhile the deceased joe discloses the identity of the tarot card serial killer of london. he cheats the reaper and appears to the american student of journalism sondra pransky (scarlett johansson), who is on the stage in the middle of a magic show of the magician sidney waterman (woody allen) in london, and tells her that the murderer is the aristocrat peter lyman (hugh jackman). sondra drags sid in her investigation, seeking for evidences that peter is the killer. however, she falls in love with him and questions if joe strombel is right in his scoop."scoop" is another great woody allen's comedy outside manhattan, actually again in london. his ironic and witty lines are simply fantastic, and i laughed a lot inclusive with his fate of hero in a country where people drive "in the wrong side". sid waterman is extremely funny and woody allen is in an excellent shape as comedian. however, his present muse scarlett johansson, of whom i am a big fan, has over-acting and is annoying in many moments, changing inclusive her accent to a histrionic pronunciation. her character is absolutely silly and promiscuous, and i was quite disappointed with her performance (probably for the first time in her filmography). but this supernatural comedy is still a hilarious and worthwhile entertainment. my vote is eight.title (brazil): "scoop  o grande furo" ("scoop  the big scoop")

i am a huge woody allen fan and so when i saw that this was playing at the cinema i couldn't help myself. i wanted to see how allen would follow up his magnificent film match point seeing as this is another one of his films shot in g.b. (which is unique among allen's work) along with what seems to be his new muse scarlett johanson. scoop is much lighter than mp and the humor is scoop's most enjoyable aspect. the plot revolves around johanson's character (a journalism student) who gets a tip on a hot story from beyond the grave. she falls in love with a suspected serial killer (jackman) and she must decide whether the truth is worth finding. oh and all of this is done with the help of a bumbling magician turned detective played by allen.i must say that i thoroughly enjoyed johanson's performance but i am a bit bias, i could watch a three hour film with johanson in ever frame and remain enchanted. she plays a ditsy, yappy, bumbling sweetheart that is kind of a variation in a sense of allen's stereotypical neurosis stricken character. she adds appropriate body language for comic effect. needless to say almost anyone who sees this will find johanson's character sickeningly cute and that is a plus.allen is allen... he is still playing the same character much like chaplin and his little tramp character. something that occur in this film makes me wonder if i will see the neurotic little hypochondriac again however. he is not in the cast of his next picture and has been spending more time exclusively behind the camera as of late...jackman is also enjoyable as the suave, millionaire murder suspect. i cannot say that jackman does anything in particular to make the role his but he suits his character none the less.in terms of the plot i cannot help but feel that this is fresh... in fact it stinks of curse of the jade scorpion. johanson and allen are more detective-like than anything. however i must applaud allen on his ending because it is a bit more clever than your typical unoutstanding hollywood version of this film. instead of everything being black and white, things are painted in shades of gray. being entirely innocent has nothing to do with it nor does unequivocal guilt. though the plot seemed old woody still has a knack for one liners. i did find his allusions to his last film interesting... come for the humor, laugh and be merry.needless to say if you enjoy allen's work watch it. if not watch something else...

i was going to give it an 8, but since you people made 6.5 out of a lot better votes, i had to up my contribution. the river styx was pure genius. sure, woody was his perennial stuff, but at least his role was appropriate. the first half hour was really hilarious, and then the rest of the movie was easy to watch. the dialog was clever enough, and woody's card tricks at the parties, along with the reaction from the upper crust, were fun to watch. this was much better than the newspaper critics made it sound out to be. and a plus, a little sorcerer's apprentice to go along with it. and of course, did you notice that johansen is getting a bit frumpy? charles dance is always entertaining, as was hugh jackman.

do you still love woody allen's humor and sense of the absurd? do you wait patiently for movies that get the plot going in the first five minutes instead of making you wait around? if so, you will adore this comedic murder mystery. it has all the elements of a good mystery: sharp plot, a handsome suspect, romance, and intrigue, mixed together with enough laughs and winks at fate to keep even the most jaded of movie goers happy.with beautiful people and gorgeous homes and landscapes to ogle, this frothy movie is just the thing to take your minds off your troubles. as woody might say, what's not to like?

***1/2 scarlett johansson, woody allen, hugh jackman, ian mcshane, romola garia. directed by woody allen. just after his work with johansson on "match point" the two return for "scoop" a corky, zany and fun comic ride. when a student reporter (johansson) finds out a new scoop from a deceased reporter (mcshane) when she enters the materializer of a lame magician (allen). the scoop being of the new tarot card killer in london who might be preppy peter lyman (jackman); while sondra and sid are playing detective sondra falls in love for the handsome would be killer. allen has finally hit a mark, not as good as "match point" but definitely more fun. i laughed a lot more than i expected, one of the years must sees

simply well written, directed and acted... woody's best of the 2000's if not his best since the 80's!! hugh jackman was the perfect pick for his roll. scarlett johansson's banter with woody proves how well rounded an actress she has become.it's refreshing to not being in a romance on screen with the leading lady. he plays the perfect bumbling magician.there have been a few reviews maligning this movie. don't let them stop you from seeing the wonderfully done film. people in the crowd i saw this with were laughing so loud at some lines i missed the next line. if you like woody allen films of the 70's, you'll regret missing this one.i suggest you go to watch this film with an open mind, if you do, you might walk out smiling.

"match point" and now "scoop" have both convinced me that not only is woody allen doing a neat job making movies in england (and that scarlett johansson is the right cast member), but corroborated what i have known for years: he shouldn't focus on neurotic rich new yorkers. in this case, johansson plays journalism student sondra pransky, whom magician sid waterman (allen) puts in his disappearing box, where she meets the ghost of murdered reporter joe strombel (ian mcshane), who tells her that the serial killings that have plagued london were committed by millionaire peter lyman (hugh jackman). so, she gets to know him, and...well, i don't know how much i can tell you without giving it away. but i can say that this is probably allen's funniest movie in years. there's his ubiquitous unique style of humor (especially the line about his religion).so, you're sure to like this movie. if nothing else, it'll make you fall in love with london. but mostly, it's just so damn hilarious. even if you don't like woody allen, you gotta love this one.

woody allen's second movie set in london. tha tarot card murderer is killing prostitutes in london. aspiring journalist sondra pransky (scarlett johansson) gets a tip that he may be lord peter lyman (hugh jackman). she starts to romance him but quickly falls in love. she's helped by stage magician sid waterman (woody allen) who doesn't like what he sees.i like this better than the over rated "match point" from last year. it was shorter and moved much more quickly. the plot is old but i was entertained and it kept me guessing till the very end. it's not really a comedy but a mystery with a few very good comedic lines (all from allen of course). it's not one of allen's best but it's far better than his worst.the acting is, for the most part, very good. allen is bad but he's played this character a million times before and it's gotten tiresome. but johansson and jackman are just great--they look fantastic and give two very appealing believable performances. also allen (surprisingly) works on their sex appeal--there is a sequence where they're both in the their bathing suits to show off their nice bodies. the only real debit is that allen still seems unsure on how to shot london. he's not as off as he was on "match point" though--maybe he'll just get better as he goes along.worth seeing. i give it an 8.

i went into this movie knowing nothing about it, and ended up really enjoying it. it lacked authenticity and believability- some of the things that the characters said and did were completely bizarre, and a lot of the script seemed like it was ad-libbed (perhaps this is typical of woody allen? excuse my ignorance) but the whole audience in the theater was laughing so hard. it wasn't even at the jokes in the movie per se, but at the whole movie itself. the acting reminded me of seinfeld's acting, where he tries not to laugh at his own jokes- they are corny, but if you don't take the movie too seriously, you can really appreciate the humour of the actors, not the characters. if you're looking for a random movie, and you like woody allen, i'd definitely recommend it!

something happens to sondra pransky when she enters the magician's box on the stage of a london theater. little does sondra know the spirit of newly departed journalist joe strombel materializes to ask her to investigate the man someone has told him, on his voyage to another dimension, is the infamous tarot killer that has been on a binge of crime in london. the only problem is the man accused is, for all appearances, a respectable upper class man.when sondra tells her experience to the great splendini, who is a.k.a. sid waterman, the magician is stunned, but decides to go along. the two would be p.i.s conjure an invitation to a club where peter lyman goes to swim. sondra, who fakes she is drowning, catches the attention of this hunk, who wants to see more of her.needless to say, the two of them will get into all kinds of funny situations until the mystery is revealed at the end of the film. little does the real tarot killer think he can fool a resolute sondra who proves herself to be more resourceful than he gave her credit for.the result is a perfect summer film with a lot of laughs that is just what one needs to get out of the heat into a perfect time in a cool theater. woody allen has done better, and yet, this sunny comedy will vindicate him for past failures. in "scoop", mr. allen has taken himself from the romantic lead pawing his gorgeous leading lady. his trade mark gesticulating is something this funny man will never get rid of, since it appears to be his trade mark. the film has some funny one liners that will go over the head of the viewers that might not be paying attention.scarlett johansson, the beautiful star of "scoop", seems to be the perfect foil for woody allen. she plays the straight part while mr allen does his shtick, a perfect combination. both are excellent in their banter throughout the film. ms. johansson is a knockout beauty in her red bathing suit, although they have dressed her so dowdy in most of the costumes she wears on the screen. hugh jackman is seen as peter lyman a sophisticated man about town with the right pedigree. he makes a good appearance in the movie as the man pursuing ms. johansson. ian mcshane plays the dead fleet street journalist on his way to eternity."scoop" is a light film for the hot and humid summer thanks to woody allen.

scoop *** out of **** woody allen is definitely not my favorite director, but i enjoyed "match point." it was an excellent dark romantic thriller that luckily did not star woody allen. it did have the beautiful scarlett johansson in it."scoop" is woody allen's latest film and though he appears in this one, it's ok. it also features scarlett johansson and the two of them work perfect together.johansson plays sondra pransky, a young college journalist who gets the scoop of a life time from the ghost of joe strombel (ian mcshane.) joe heard the scoop while on a boat with the grim reaper and a bunch of other souls the reaper has taken. one of those souls is the secretary of peter lyman (hugh jackman.) she tells joe that peter may be the serial killer roaming the streets of england. joe, with the scoop of a life time, travels back to the living and gives this info to sondra, during a magic act. sondra is at some magic show with magician sid waterman (woody allen.) she becomes a volunteer to go in a disappearing box and while she is in the box, she gets the visit from joe. not knowing what to do, she enlists the help of sid waterman to help her crack the case.this film has a nice light-hearted feel to it compared to "match point" and yet it all works. johansson and allen work great together. allen's humor fits perfect for this story and role. hugh jackman is terrific as peter layman, the "suspected" serial killer.this is a fun little movie to see if your ever looking for one to watch. the cast ensemble works well together and the story flows and you sometimes forget that your watching woody allen be himself. i say give it a chance because you just might like it.

coming immediately on the heels of match point (2005), a fine if somewhat self-repetitive piece of "serious woody," scoop gives new hope to allen's small but die-hard band of followers (among whom i number myself) that the master has once again found his form. a string of disappointing efforts, culminating in the dreary melinda and melinda (2004) and the embarrassing anything else (2003) raised serious doubts that another first rate woody comedy, with or without his own participation as an actor, was in the cards. happily, the cards turn out to be a tarot deck that serves as scoop's clever maguffin and proffers an optimistic reading for the future of woody allen comedy.even more encouraging, woody's self-casting - sadly one of the weakest elements of his films in recent years - is here an inspired bit of self-parody as well as a humble recognition at last that he can no longer play romantic leads with women young enough to be his daughters or granddaughters. in scoop, allen astutely assigns himself the role of sid waterman, an aging magician with cheap tricks and tired stage-patter who, much like woody himself, has brought his act to london, where audiences - if not more receptive - are at least more polite. like chaplin's calvero in limelight (1952), sid waterman affords allen the opportunity to don the slightly distorted mask of an artist whose art has declined and whose audience is no longer large or appreciative. moreover, because they seem in character, allen's ticks and prolonged stammers are less distracting here than they have been in some time. waterman's character also functions neatly in the plot. his fake magic body-dissolving box becomes the ironically plausible location for visitations from joe strombel (ian mcshane), a notorious journalistic muckraker and recent cardiac arrest victim. introduced on a river styx ferryboat-to-hades, strombel repeatedly jumps ship because he just can't rest in eternity without communicating one last "scoop" about the identity of the notorious "tarot killer." unfortunately, his initial return from the dead leads him to waterman's magic show and the only conduit for his hot lead turns out to be a journalism undergraduate, sondra pransky (scarlett johansson), who has been called up from the audience as a comic butt for the magician's climactic trick. sondra enthusiastically seizes the journalistic opportunity and drags the reluctant waterman into the investigation to play the role of her millionaire father. as demonstrated in lost in translation, johansson has a talent for comedy, and the querulous by-play between her and allen is very amusing - and all the more so for never threatening to become a prelude to romance.scoop's serial killer plot, involving grisly murders of prostitutes and an aristocratic chief suspect, peter lyman (hugh jackman), is the no doubt predictable result of allen's lengthy sabbatical exposure to london's ubiquitous jack the ripper landmarks and lore. yet other facets of scoop (as of match point) also derive from woody's late life encounter with english culture. its class structure, manners, idiom, dress, architecture, and, yes, peculiar driving habits give woody fresh new material for wry observation of human behavior as well as sharp social satire. when, for instance, sondra is trying to ingratiate herself with peter lyman at a ritzy private club, waterman observes "from his point of view we're scum." a good deal of humor is also generated by the contretemps of stiffly reserved british social manners encountering waterman's insistent borscht-belt jewish plebeianism. and, then, of course, there is waterman's hilarious exit in a smart car he can't remember to drive on the left side of the road.as usual, allen's humor in scoop includes heavy doses of in-jokes, taking the form of sly allusions to film and literary sources as well as, increasingly, references to his own filmography. in addition to the pervasive jack the ripper references, for instance, the film's soundtrack is dominated by an arrangement of grieg's "the hall of the mountain king," compulsively whistled by hans beckert in m, the first masterpiece of the serial killer genre. the post-funeral gathering of journalists who discuss the exploits of newly departed joe strombel clearly mimics the opening of broadway danny rose (1984). references to deconstructing harry (1997) include the use of death as a character (along with his peculiar voice and costume), the use of mandelbaum as a character name, and the mention of adair university (harry's "alma mater" and where sondra is now a student). moreover, the systematic use of greek mythology in the underworld river cruise to hades recalls the use of greek gods and a chorus in mighty aphrodite (1995).as to quotable gags, allen's scripts rely less on one-liners than they did earlier in his career, but scoop does provides at least a couple of memorable ones. to a question about his religion, waterman answers: "i was born in the hebrew persuasion, but later i converted to narcissism." and sondra snaps off this put-down of waterman's wannabe crime-detecting: "if we put our heads together you'll hear a hollow noise." all in all, scoop is by far woody allen's most satisfying comedy in a decade.

great movie, enough laughs and action for any audience.since the last person who posted on this movie took it upon themselves to call woody allen incestuous and not comment on the film, here i am.the film follows an unlikely duo, johansson and allen, as they follow a tip given to them by the ghost of a recently deceased english reporter. their search takes them into the home of the killer, and eventually to a somewhat tragic end. but don't let the plot fool you, the film truly is hilarious and the acting is superb.it seems that as directors reach a certain age they really get things right. clint eastwood, allen and pollack all seem to making some of the most imaginative work of their respective careers. also, from watching the movie in a pact theater, you can just tell that people really love woody allen and are ready for him to really make a comeback. the second he walked on screen audience lit up. there's just something about the man and he really shines in scoop. check it out, it's worth the trip.

allow yourself to be transported to a different, old school kind of storytelling. scoop is classic woody allen.allen's latest muse, scarlett johansson (who also appeared in last year's match point, also by allen), is surprisingly able to tone down her sultry sex kitten appeal and transform into a normal looking student-type with the aid of nerdish glasses and outfits but still fails to make the audience believe how hugh jackman's lordly character can be so smitten by her, given the royal's background (don't worry, no spoilers here). there are no grand transformations for johansson's character here, as she consistently plays the same character throughout despite the script saying otherwise. you even forgive her character's apparent lack of logic, continuing an affair with a suspected serial killer, simply because he is his royal hotness jackman, who is refreshing to see sans the wolverine duds.if anything, consistency is what the 70-year old allen is all about. he continues to tell his stories on celluloid in the same way he always has; as if he's never been exposed to modern film-making, which is probably what makes his quiet, simple films appealing. they never seem to aim for a specific market; as if allen makes movies to his taste alone, whether the public likes it or not.

i'd even say some shades of hitchcock...this is clearly better than mmm, which is seen as a guilty pleasure by some if not most woody fans. by the way, did you know that annie hall was first conceived as a murder mystery? anyhow, woody reclaims some relevance in film comedy with this one. the plot turns are nice and tight. i will say that in the first 20 minutes or so, some of the actors are a little too hasty at delivering their lines, but stick around. scarlett johansson proves well-cast in the diane keaton-type role, and at no time is there any uncomfortable moments between her and the much older woody. no one could imagine a more perfect actor for the role of peter lyman than jackman.

great woody allen? no. good woody allen? definitely. i found myself, along with the audience in attendance, laughing hard and often at some of the best woody allen lines we've heard in a while. the aging allen created an appropriate role for himself as scarlett johansson's "father" ... well, sort of. some have said johansson plays "a young dianne keaton." i beg to differ. she plays woody's dialogue, which, in his comedies, always has a very similar feel...like, well, a woody allen comedy. that's fine for us woody appreciators. she certainly did woody's dialogue far better than the young cast of his last comedy, melinda/melinda. some may find woody's humor tiresome, but for those of us who love it when it's done right, we look forward to the next.

first of all, let me comment that the audience loved it from the first moment. perhaps current events in the middle-east led people to take the attitude, "i came for a comedy and by george i'm going to enjoy it." but for whatever reason, everybody seemed really into the comedy of it. the last few times woody has tried to do a straight comedy (small time crooks, curse of the jade scorpion, hollywood ending) i've felt like the one-liners felt strained and a bit antiquated. i remember thinking at one point, "that would have been funny in the early sixties." so going in to this movie, i was afraid woody was becoming tone deaf, however, in this one his comic sensibilities were in perfect tune. admittedly, there were plenty of my fellow aarp card carrying folks in the screening, but there were also plenty of 20-somethings and 30-somethings as well, and they all seemed to get it and give up the occasional belly laugh in addition to numerous guffaws, chuckles and the like. in many instances, the throw-aways had people laughing so loud you missed the next line.thematically, woody was traipsing familiar ground. as i suspected from the trailer, this film had a lot of manhattan murder mystery in it, but then again, there was more than a smidgen of oedipus wrecks (new york stories), alice, and even a little tribute to broadway danny rose at the very beginning.even with woody in the movie, scarlett, as sondra, was, at times the woody-proxy, but her character was far from the nebbish that, say, will ferrell gave us in melinda and melinda or kenneth branaugh attempted in celebrity. instead of archetypal ticks and quirks, sondra's nerdishness comes directly from the family history which she shares early on. on numerous occasions the "family business" leads her to malapropisms that we get as an audience, while the characters on the screen can only perceive them as strange non-sequiturs. since we are all in on the joke, we can't help but laugh. but the laughs don't come from recognizing the woody nebbish, but truly from the character. to a great extent, unlike farrell, branaugh, cusack or even mia farrow before her, scarlett is not required to use the woody voice to evoke the woody role. thus, we don't find ourselves ripped out of the narrative as a woody's voice suddenly emerges from someone else' face.as my friend commented on the way out, sid, the character played by woody, is a supporting role, but more center-stage than i was hoping going in. however, this time woody seems to have written a character that truly fits his current persona. unlike his ed dobel sage character in anything else, or his blind director in hollywood ending, this time the character is a comfortable fit. perhaps more importantly, this time the character works in the story. within the elevated circles they find themselves in, he is even more fish-out-of-water than scarlett, which is used to great comedic effect throughout. sid is a declining, itinerant magician playing to small audiences, but the fact that he is from another era is placed front and center for our enjoyment.but what about jackman? what about ian (swearengen) mcshane? i liked both of them to the extent that they are used in the piece. i particularly liked mcshane's short but effective turns. jackman is charming with the ease of "old money" that was so often portrayed in films from 50 years ago. (class echoes from purple rose of cairo?)so what did i think? short answer, maybe his best straight comedy since 1994's bullets over broadway. less stylized than mighty aphrodite. less caustic than deconstructing harry. less forced than small time crooks or hollywood ending. woody has finally found a comic voice that works in the 21st century.

greetings again from the darkness. remember all the "what happened to woody allen?" jokes? even mr. allen poked fun at the fans who wanted him to continue making his same "funny" films. as with any great artist, mr. allen's craft evolved over the years and he lost some fans, while picking up others. last year's masterpiece "matchpoint" showed he is still every bit as relevant and poignant as he was in the days of "annie hall" and "manhattan". what is most striking to us 40 plus year fans is that mr. new york himself seems to have a bit of a crush on the mother country. apparently he actually likes england!! while filming "matchpoint", mr. allen became enamored with scarlett johansson and her real life spirit and sense of humor. this attraction motivated him to write his best comedy in years. scarlett, while risking overexposure, must be given credit for not just picking films that cast her in some glamorous light. she is unafraid to look and act like a real person. in "scoop", she flashes some real on screen comedy chops and, in many scenes, delivers the real punchline to mr. allen's straight man. of course, any time mr. allen decides to put himself in front of the camera, he will get more than his share of one liners and social commentaries in - which is fine, because few do it better.very nice support work from ian mcshane and hugh jackman. in fact, mr. jackman provides a few glimpses into why many of us thought him the best choice to replace brosnan as the new bond. as with most of allen's films, the star is the script, not the actors. although scarlett delivers superbly here and is a nice contrast to the polished allen and jackman, what makes this one crackle is the dialogue ... especially the banter between allen and scarlett. if you are not a huge woody the actor fan, fear not. he does limit his screen time and he is quite effective, except in two or three brief scenes that almost seem out of place. another woodman tradition is a sparkling musical background and "scoop" is no exception ... especially the strauss composition."scoop" is a nice cross between "annie hall" and the best of the marx brothers films or the cary grant comedies. yes it is an adult comedy, but it is actually very cute ... especially for a serial killer and talking ghost comedy!!

"scoop" is also the name of a late-thirties evelyn waugh novel, and woody allen's new movie, though set today, has a nostalgic charm and simplicity. it hasn't the depth of characterization, intense performances, suspense or shocking final frisson of allen's penultimate effort "match point," (argued by many, including this reviewer, to be a strong return to form) but "scoop" does closely resemble allen's last outing in its focus on english aristocrats, posh london flats, murder, and detection. this time woody leaves behind the arriviste murder mystery genre and returns to comedy, and is himself back on the screen as an amiable vaudevillian, a magician called sid waterman, stage moniker the great splendini, who counters some snobs' probing with, "i used to be of the hebrew persuasion, but as i got older, i converted to narcissism." following a revelation in the midst of splendini's standard dematerializing act, with scarlett johansson (as sondra pransky) the audience volunteer, the mismatched pair get drawn into a dead ace english journalist's post-mortem attempt to score one last top news story. on the edge of the styx joe strombel (ian mcshane) has just met the shade of one lord lyman's son's secretary, who says she was poisoned, and she's told him the charming aristocratic bounder son peter lyman (hugh jackman) was the tarot card murderer, a london serial killer. sondra and sid immediately become a pair of amateur sleuths. with sid's deadpan wit and sondra's bumptious beauty they cut a quick swath through to the cream of the london aristocracy.woody isn't pawing his young heroine muse -- as in "match point," johansson again -- as in the past. this time moreover scarlett's not an ambitious sexpot and would-be movie star. she's morphed surprisingly into a klutzy, bespectacled but still pretty coed. sid and sondra have no flirtation, which is a great relief. they simply team up, more or less politely, to carry out strombel's wishes by befriending lyman and watching him for clues to his guilt. with only minimal protests sid consents to appear as sondra's dad. sondra, who's captivated peter by pretending to drown in his club pool, re-christens herself jade spence. mr. spence, i.e., woody, keeps breaking cover by doing card tricks, but he amuses dowagers with these and beats their husbands at poker, spewing non-stop one-liners and all the while maintaining, apparently with success, that he's in oil and precious metals, just as "jade" has told him to say.that's about all there is to it, or all that can be told without spoiling the story by revealing its outcome. at first allen's decision to make johansson a gauche, naively plainspoken, and badly dressed college girl seems not just unkind but an all-around bad decision. but johansson, who has pluck and panache as an actress, miraculously manages to carry it off, helped by jackman, an actor who knows how to make any actress appear desirable, if he desires her. the film actually creates a sense of relationships, to make up for it limited range of characters: sid and sondra spar in a friendly way, and peter and sondra have a believable attraction even though it's artificial and tainted (she is, after all, going to bed with a suspected homicidal maniac).what palls a bit is allen's again drooling over english wealth and class, things his brooklyn background seems to have left him, despite all his celebrity, with a irresistible hankering for. jackman is an impressive fellow, glamorous and dashing. his parents were english. but could this athletic musical comedy star raised in australia ("x-man's" wolverine) really pass as an aristocrat? only in the movies, perhaps (here and in "kate and leopold").this isn't as strong a film as "match point," but to say it's a loser as some viewers have is quite wrong. it has no more depth than a half-hour radio drama or a tv show, but woody's jokes are far funnier and more original than you'll get in any such media affair, and sometimes they show a return to the old wit and cleverness. it doesn't matter if a movie is silly or slapdash when it's diverting summer entertainment. on a hot day you don't want a heavy meal. the whole thing deliciously evokes a time when movie comedies were really light escapist entertainment, without crude jokes or bombastic effects; without vince vaughan or owen wilson. critics are eager to tell you this is a return to the allen decline that preceded "match point." don't believe them. he doesn't try too hard. why should he? he may be 70, but verbally, he's still light on his feet. and his body moves pretty fast too.

i thought this was a wonderful way to spend time on a too hot summer weekend, sitting in the air conditioned theater and watching a light-hearted comedy. the plot is simplistic, but the dialogue is witty and the characters are likable (even the well bread suspected serial killer). while some may be disappointed when they realize this is not match point 2: risk addiction, i thought it was proof that woody allen is still fully in control of the style many of us have grown to love.this was the most i'd laughed at one of woody's comedies in years (dare i say a decade?). while i've never been impressed with scarlet johanson, in this she managed to tone down her "sexy" image and jumped right into a average, but spirited young woman.this may not be the crown jewel of his career, but it was wittier than "devil wears prada" and more interesting than "superman" a great comedy to go see with friends.

i was lucky enough to get a free pass to an advance screening of 'scoop' last night. full house at the theatre and when the movie ended there was spontaneous applause. i didn't speak to anyone who disliked 'scoop' although two teenagers sitting next to me sighed and fidgeted uncomfortably for most of the film. they were the exception though because everyone else including myself really enjoyed themselves.'scoop' is a quickly paced murder mystery. a young female journalism student is unwittingly maneuvered by forces beyond her control into trying to catch a serial killer on the loose. plenty of hijinks ensue as she partners up with a traveling illusionist and falls in love with a frisky and charming young nobleman.'scoop' isn't a bad addition to the woody allen filmography. it isn't his best work but it is a very enjoyable and light hearted romp. i'd say it fits quite comfortably into being an average woody allen film, right in the middle of the pack. if you're a woody allen fan you'll probably enjoy yourself. if you're indifferent to his work then 'scoop' might be enough to get you interested in seeing more. i don't think that anyone who dislikes his style of film-making and acting are going to change their mind. woody plays the same kind of neurotic character we've grown so accustomed to although it borders dangerously close to forced and over the top in this film. while potentially aggravating for some who might find themselves wishing he'd hurry up and just spit out the words, woody allen fans know what to expect.very good performances all around in my opinion although i found myself missing ian mcshane who is excellent and not on camera nearly enough. hugh jackman is great as the charming nobleman and i think woody allen has found a new regular star to work with in scarlett johansson. i think that with 'match point' this is their second pairing and she's just magic with the material that woody gives her. could be the beginning of a beautiful relationship! i'm glad i saw the movie and definitely recommend it. more sophisticated comedy than movies like 'scary movie 4' so if your brand of comedy is the latter rather than the former, 'scoop' probably isn't for you. if, on the other hand, you like a touch of class, sophistication and fun, 'scoop' is for you. probably not the woody allen film i'd introduce to a newcomer but all others should give it a try.

"scoop" is easily woody allen's funniest film of the 2000's so far. allen, although finally looking his age, is at the top of his game as low-brow magician sidney waterman. his one-liners and demeanor are hilarious. don't let the critics sway your opinion. "scoop" is a top notch "woody-lite" picture. the classical music score is an excellent compliment to the action on screen. scarlett johanson looks gorgeous in that bathing suit. jackman is dashing. the cinematography glows. "scoop" is wonderful escapist fare from start to finish. the last shot of the film alone is worth the admission price.

i went to the movie theater this afternoon expecting to be underwhelmed by scoop. happily, the film exceeded expectations, at least a little bit. it's nothing heavy, nothing deep -- and not anywhere as good as any number of real allen masterpieces -- but it's also completely enjoyable as a light, bantering comedy. there's something kind of simple and sweet about it. "cute" was the word i heard from people in the audience as they were walking out after the show. it doesn't feel like allen set out to create a masterpiece here, it feels like he wanted to make a little comedy and have fun doing it. compared to just about everything hollywood is producing, allen's stuff has a tendency to charm. even the fluffy stuff. these days it's just refreshing to go to a movie made by an actual human being.

reading a wide variety of "scoop" reviews over the past few days, i walked into the theater prepared for a subpar outing from woody. happily, i couldn't have been more wrong. granted, woody the performer is slowing down a touch or two, but woody the writer/director is in fine form - and found a credible way to integrate his 70-year old self into the story. judging from the laughter and guffaws, the audience ate up allen's one-liners and dialogue in a way that i haven't seen in several years. in a movie landscape dominated by software-approved story arcs, twentysomething tastes and assembly-line formula fare for kiddies, it's a source of both satisfaction and inspiration to see allen pursuing his highly personal and still-rewarding path.

why am i so convinced there's actually another film version of this novel out there somewhere? i saw the film again this year as i am teaching the novel and find the changes in the film annoying - there is no appearance of the little boy in the novel and the ending has been changed. they kill him off in the film but the whole point is that he is haunted by the events at eel marsh house for many years but does remarry and eventually put the events behind him. mr. bentley is a far more sympathetic character in the novel, the scene in the film where kipps sets fire to the office is plain daft, and the constant appearance of the toy soldier to signify the presence of the child is genuinely creepy but pointless - kipps is haunted by the woman seeking revenge, not the child. i am sure i've seen a film which is better and closer to the novel and actually scarier. have i just imagined this?

the woman in black was a british made for tv movie which was first broadcast on the bbc on christmave eve of '89, and again in '92. i believe it made a round on american tv on a&e. it was released on vhs in britain in the early 90's but went out of print. a u.s. company released it on dvd later, but that version also sold out. according to the website of the author of the book, the rights to the movie are now owned by someone else and that it won't be released again, and that there are unofficial bootlegs being sold on ebay.i first heard about this movie just recently on a message board and had to check it out. i found a copy on ebay for about 28 bucks. it's certain to be a counterfeit from a seller in the far east, even though the dvd says, "made in canada," ha ha. but it's a good copy, and you can't really fault the bootleg labels for releasing stuff that is rare, out of print, and lost in legal disputes.i love the movie. it's a period piece set in the 1920's, with all the very authentic and quaint british settings of that time. the woman in black is very atmospheric and dark. for the most part, the movie is very low-key, but effective and scary. there is no self indulgent gore, violence or much at all in special effects, but the woman in black is still able to create absolutely chilling moments. it's a chilling classic styled ghost movie. the movie itself looks like it could have been made in the 1930's except for the color. without all the flash of all the modern horror movies, i'm afraid this film will always just be a lost gem. for me, it places itself as one of my all time favorites.

yes, a true classic! this is what british drama is all about,realism and the minimal use of special effects (and over inflated budgets). i last saw this drama when it was last screened on british terrestial tv in 1994. it truly should be viewed by everyone who likes a scary plot,no big names but non-the-less great acting.sadly the copywrite is now owned by someone unknown and as such this great drama is unlikely to be aired anytime soon.i myself recently acquired the woman in black on vhs,so now once again i shall be able to enjoy this truly great british drama. you should try and enjoy it too!mark r. horobin

the woman in black is fantastic in all aspects. it's scary, suspenseful and so realistic that you can actually see it happening in real life. i first saw this on the tv back in 1989, and with all the lights off and the volume turned up, it was probably the most creepy experience of my entire life. i managed to get hold of a copy, and now, i make sure to bring it out every halloween and show it too unsuspecting family members, who have no idea what they're in for, and all i can do is laugh with glee. as for the film:it starts out with a young lawyer named arthur kipps, who is assigned by his firm to go to the market town of crythin gifford to settle the papers of a recently deceased client - mrs. alice drablow. this film starts off as a reasonably solid and interesting ghost story. but then, arthur attends the funeral, and from that scene on, we do not feel safe. we are constantly on edge and biting our nails, and that goes on for the next hour or so, until the final, thrilling finale.a warning to all new viewers though: do not watch this alone...

a young solicitor from london, arthur kidd is sent to a small coastal town of crythin gifford to oversee the estate of a recently passed away widow mrs drablow. while attending her funeral, a mysterious lady dressed in black catches his attention. supposedly drablow lived a reclusive life, and locals kept pretty quiet about her. after this he heads to mrs drablow mansion that can only be reached on a causeway through the swamp during low tide. there he encounters the woman in black again in cemetery out back of the house, and things begin to get creepy as terrifying noises start coming from the marshes. now can mrs drablow's belongings and listening to her recorded dairy entries help kidd figure out this gloomy mystery that the locals fear to talk about.often highly regarded amongst horror fans as being one of the most chilling ghost stories ever and i can see their point. but only in doses does it draw upon tag. yes, from what you can gather i was left a 'little' under-whelmed, despite really liking it. i was expecting goose bumps throughout the whole feature, but that's probably it expecting. mainly i had a similar reaction with the 1980 haunted house thriller 'the changeling'. when you hear so many good things, it's sometimes hard not get caught up with it.anyhow what the british tv presentation of "the woman in black" effectively does is bring out a truly old-fashion, slow burn spine-tingling premise driven by its moody locations, disquieting atmosphere and first-rate performances. subtly blankets the psychologically gripping story (adapted off susan hill's novel of the same name), as the simple mystery authentically opens up with a depressingly tragic tone and successfully characterises its protagonist. little seems to happen, and can feel drawn out, but the fragile randomness of it catch you off guard. whenever the camera focuses on the lady in black. who mostly appears as a background figure, it's ultimately creepy. she might not appear all that much, but when she does. talk about unnerving! that also goes for that downbeat conclusion. pauline moran, who plays the woman in black, competently gets us nervous by just her gaunt appearance and sudden positioning. a pale look and those minor mannerisms just seem to haunt you. she's a spirit you don't want to cross paths with, yet alone let her see you. an accomplished performance by a marvelously moody adrian rawlins as the solicitor arthur kidd does hold it all together. in support are solid turns by bernard hepton, david daker, clare holman and david ryall.drawing heavy on its lushly sombre rural town and foggy coastal locations adds more to the realistically eerie plight and the centre piece were everything unfolds in the forlorn, time-worn victorian house that comprehensively suffocates the air with constant fear. director herbert wise carefully fabricates alarming imagery that slowly covers one secretive piece at a time in a smoothly paved out rhythm of well-judged contriving. instead of going out to shock us, some scenes contain a distressing intensity that won't let go. the sound effects are masterfully used, by surrounding and disorienting the air. rachel portman's harrowing musical score knows how to get under your skin during those eerie moments and then stay with you.this rarity made-for-television feat is a stimulating rich and unsettling supernatural spook-fest. it might not share much new to the sub-genre, but it competently sticks to it strengths to deliver what counts in this curse.

this is a plain old spooky ghost story. i showed it to some friends of mine in my movie club, and they were kept spellbound until the ending! no blood or gore- just good old fashioned suspense. it starts out right from the beginning, and builds and builds. the ending is a real twist that caught me unawares. well directed and well acted. it is also a "period piece"- set in the 1920s- which added to the atmosphere. i was so impressed i got the book by susan hill from amazon. the movie follows the book rather closely. it's a shame it's not readily available on dvd. my copy is vhs. this along with "haunted" are probably two of the best ghost stories i've ever scene. which just goes to show that a little creativity outdoes "in your face" gore any day!

...........as i was when i saw this movie) i will never watch this movie again, not because it is a bad movie, but because it scared me so much! as i said, i was 14 when my english teacher decided to show it to us; the reason for this is that we had read an extract from the book.all the girls in my class were terrified when the woman in black comes through the window and floats over kidd's bed, although, just before that there is something that also frightened us, which was when kidd finds the toy soldier underneath his pillow, and he hears a child's voice say "it's for you". that scene still haunts me to this day, nearly 7 years after i saw the film.if you are easily scared, avoid this film!!!!!!!!

...on stage, tv or in a book, 'the woman in black' is an outstanding ghost story. other reviewers have already said just about all there is to say about this film, but i thought i would add my belated little review too. the made-for-tv movie has a deliberately slow first act, which chronicles the main character arthur as he goes about his business as a solicitor in 1920s london. i can understand why this might not appeal to all palates. nevertheless, for me, i love this british-style of storytelling similar to any of the bbc's "ghost story for christmas" adaptations of the great m.r. james' work. in the second act, the ghost story kicks in as arthur is sent to the provinces by his boss, to tidy up the affairs of a deceased client. the third act relentlessly builds up to a spine-tingling conclusion... as a londoner, i have seen the play. i own the book, dvd-r and have the unabridged audio book on my ipod, too. what is sure for me, 'the women in black' on any medium is a ghost story with few equals. it is about time that we had a legitimate region 2 dvd release.

a young solicitor in sent to a remote area to wrap up the estate of a recently deceased client. when he arrives he finds that he is made less than welcome by the local villagers and that his deceased client was not liked. to speed things up he decides to move from the local inn and take up residence in her home, a house that is usually fogbound and approached only by a causeway that is blocked off by the sea most of the day. once there he sees visions of a woman in black, is she real or imaginary,he is also subjected to the blood curdling cries of a woamn and child apparently drowning in the marshes, these events take their toll on him and he soon becomes quite terrified. atmospheric tv adaptation of a famous play by susan hill, that spends it first third building up its characters, before moving to the creepy country house, its poor colour contrast give away its tv roots immediately, this really should have been in black & white, but still as a ghost story it had a couple of unsettling moments, still though after waiting so long to see it i must say i was sadly just a little underwhelmed.

i first watched this film when i was a kid and is the only time in my life that i can remember putting my hands over my face and eyes in utter horror at one particular scene. i remembered it again with a disscusion with my uni friends and promptly bought it on video with plenty of hesitation i might add (to my surprise i only found it on the web in the states when it was made in england!) when i watched it again my reaction and to my surprise was almost the same, of sheer horror and fear and never has my heart been beating so much too. this is in my opinon the scariest film ever made, hollywood films seem tame in comparison and a bit pony and trap (crap), pardon the pun. what is amazing though is the power of this film and at uni when watching this with about twenty of my associates i have never heard so many screams, blokes as well! even the sight of the video brings the fear of god into me of that one particular scene, and left me feeling that i will never walk alone again in the dark!!!!

there is nothing remotely scary about modern "horror" which is an insult to the word "horror". freddie vs jason, the scream movies, cabin trash, and especially stephen king's infantile attempts - he's recycled every story from the monkey's paw to whatever, often in the same story - at horror in both writing and on film (except for kubrick's version of the shining which actually was scary, unlike king's books which are as frightening as my big toe - the left one, which still has the nail.but the woman in black is that rare modern film that will make the hairs on the back of your neck stand on end. this is the way it should be done; the director creates tension, and the scariest ghost ever actually seen simply by having her suddenly turn up standing still somewhere or other with that incredible look on her face. then he brings it all to a ghastly disturbing close. he's learned his lessons from the masters who knew how to make horror - val lewton (original cat people) and robert wise (a val lewton disciple and director of the haunting and the body snatcher), jacques tournier (another val lewton disciple who directed a truly horrifying zombie film, not the gross rubbish raimi did (gross isn't scary, folks, it's just gross), and lewis allen (the uninvited), and of course jack clayton's turn on henry james the innocents, and the way the master of suspense, hitchcock, can still bring you to the edge of your seat even with a slow-building and burning period piece like under capricorn.ten stars...

the first and only time i saw the woman in black was i think the only time to my knowledge it appeared on tv back in 1989. it was christmas eve and my father and i were watching it in the living room shortly before we all went to a midnight service in the village church. i was quite young at the time but i'm not sure who was more terrified walking through the church yard to the entrance of the church that night me or my father!.there are many factors about this film that make it so creepy but i think 0ne of them is the fact that there's not much in the way of a sound track that plays in the background of nearly every hollywood movie, so every creak, thump and bang is more amplified in your head as there's no distraction. another factor that makes it different from other ghost stories there's no jump factor involved like things bouncing out the closet so it makes it not necessarily what you see but what you hear and what you think is going on. this is a clever medium as nothing scares you more than your own mind running riot thinking whats around the corner or behind the door!a superb ghost story, i've never seen anything that can match it and with all the dross thats repeated over and over on tv i cant believe the bbc has deleted it after (to my knowledge) only one showing!

how much could the general hollywood director learn from this movie? all... when it comes to actually scaring people. this movies truly shows that it is possible to really frighten and scare a viewer, and that monstrous monsters and long knifes never will be the best way of achieving this. all who love a real psychological thriller must see this movie... it is the best of it's kind.

i gave this film an 10/10 with some reluctance as it's hard to praise something that so haunted and terrified me for years. the sheer menace on the woman in black's face is just pure horror and the accompanying music just worsens the dread. i saw this when it was first on tv when i was 10 and it really did disturb me for years. i'm fascinated by the fact that so many other users have said this too. so many movie reviews go on about how disturbing or terrifying a film might be but you can believe all those who have posted on this board, this really is incredibly powerful stuff. i mean i really like horror films and generally find them quite funny more often than not, but this really is menacing and will probably disturb most people. i haven't seen it since i was 10 and i'm tempted to watch it again but fear i might have some sleepless nights. i can't quite put my finger on what it is exactly, but i think it's something to do with the fact that fear is the woman's greatest weapon and that we, as viewers, are just as susceptible as we feel the fear so intensely. it's remarkable that other viewers' feelings are so unanimous.i've also seen the stage play, which was an excellent production...but nothing can compare to this.

most horror movies are in fact horrible movies. they get to be same ol'-same ol'. same ol' pack every minute with some cheap thrill (usually 'splatter') and nowadays they can pack every second with gaudy special effects. one of the goals of a really good horror flick is to suspend the sense of disbelief of the audience. for instance, i saw both of the recent mummy movies and nearly got dizzy viewing ridiculous special effects every second. it probably costs a million dollars per second to make those movies and my sense of disbelief was never suspended, it grew roots.subtlety can be more terrifying. less is more. i first saw 'the woman in black' on the a&e channel. after flipping through the usual 987 channels of very bad television i stopped to watch it. this movie almost has the feel of a 'masterpiece theater' production. that was fine with me, i've always preferred british tv & movies anyway.most viewers would find this to be too slowly paced. but the slow pacing helps give the story credibility. the special effects are few which lulls the viewer into thinking that this film is set in the real world thus making us a bit more uneasy. the makeup and costume for the ghost are kept simple and believable. hollywood would have made her look like a she demon from hell with glowing eyes-fangs-claws etc. hollywood would have done an overkill and turned this idea into a mediocrity.the woman only makes about five appearances in the film. most of them are where she appears in the distance and even that creates a good fright. if she appeared too often, it could've cheapened the mood that gets set. however this movie is so well made that through much of the film we're led into sensing that she is there the whole time but not visible. the scene where she 'visits' arthur kidd late at night and we see her just a little too close is a masterpiece in horror.this is just an extraordinary film that i think should rate as one the finest horror films ever made. i have a copy of 'the haunting', 'the changling' and a zillion more. i haven't seen anything that tops 'the woman in black' yet although i'm still looking. this movie is so well made that it gives even the most hardened skeptic (like me) a moment where i almost had second thoughts about the non-existence of ghosts. i joke to people that i occasionally get brief fears that she could appear standing in the middle of the road or that i'd see her staring through my window, etc. maybe she could be in a crowd at the mall glaring at me with her look of hate. this is how a really great horror film should be. like a lafanu novel, the woman in black very slowly pulls you in and wraps herself around your neck and before you realize it, she's squeezing the life out of you and then it's too late.closest thing i have to a criticism is that this was made for the small screen... and it's a terrible shame that this is out of print. i just paid over $40 for my second copy of this movie. it's a major prize in my collection. now i'm on a quest to find an even better horror movie that not only gives the chills but also qualifies a sound drama.

this film gave me nightmares for months and i'm 17. this is the scariest movie ever made! that is no exaggeration!! i saw this movie at school in english lessons and no one else was scared which amazed me. after reading other reviews i'm glad i'm not the only person who found this so scary!!

i saw this on tv so long ago that i can't remember when it was, but it still stands out as one of the scariest, most unnerving films i've ever seen. there is a simultaneously subtle but intense dread induced by the woman in black lurking at the edge of the frame, not quite clearly visible, so that you feel (like the solicitor hero), unsure whether its just imagination or not. it is also one of the few films which has really made me fearful to keep watching. "production values" be hanged, good films are about a director's ability to create atmosphere using film, actors, locations/sets, music, attention to detail, and ...imagination. a real gem.

well-done ghost story that will give you the creeps and some pretty fair scares along the way. the story unfolds slowly, building atmosphere all the way until you're ready to see the woman in black. you won't forget her once you've seen her. no gore, no knives, no hockey masks--just a well-constructed story that is best viewed at night with the lights out.

i first saw this movie here in the u.k. in december 1989 when central tv broadcast it. i still have the video tape, although worn out (over the years many friends and family members have borrowed it and have also been chilled by it!). anyway, i remember coming home that night, grabbing a christmas tipple, switching the lights out and watching what was advertised as a 'christmas ghost story'. even now i remember certain scenes that still send the hairs on my neck standing on-end... i have seen some comments on the movie which say it's not this and not that...i think those people get scared by friday 13th and the like, stalk and slash rammel, which are laughable. this is a 'traditional' ghost story; there is no big budget action or special effects...no swearing, no blood, no gratuitous sex scenes, no chainsaws or guns etc...so how refreshing!!!! it's atmospheric. if you like chilling horror, well written, well acted and with a genuinely scary atmosphere, this is the movie for you. i like the original horrors; only last night i saw the original haunting and that is a superb movie. very atmospheric again - and so is the woman in black. the end of the movie differs to the book, but still very good. i recommend it. try it...you *will* like it if you like traditional ghost stories...so...turn off the lights, turn up the fire, lock the doors, grab a drink...and enjoy... :)

i was lucky enough to watch this without any pre viewing hype. i was surprised at the resilience of the ghost's image in my mind the next day, and the day after that. i've watched it 3-4 times, and each time i appreciate it even more. the settings are gorgeous, the town at dusk has beautiful lighting effects, the marsh long shots, and the house itself is sufficiently grown with moss. the main hero is so likable and good natured, that he is easily sympathized with. to the person who complained that there wasn't enough 'spark' in this film, i'd say that it's because the whole fight against the ghost is being waged by just this one person. it is a fairly slow paced film, with an unusual amount of time being spent ,pre and post ghost attack, on developing his character with family and work life. spoilers discussion/i especially liked the turning point, when he comes back to the main town and meets with the man helping him and explains about seeing the ghost. he describes the woman in black, and then at the end of the conversation he says that he is going back, because after all, what harm had she done to him? the other man says, "you can't go back... alone!" and lends the hero his dog. the cute little dog offers a small respite of comic relief, with it's bounding through the house and even into the locked room.the many casual appearances of the ghost really freaked me out. the woman shows up in mid shot at the church, showing that it is not afraid of the church, and is also not shy or bound to the house. this is all in the very beginning. another unbelievably memorable scene was with the kids outside of the church fence, watching the funeral. as the camera pans to the right, the woman is seen in the background among the gravestones. the older man won't even look at it, but the kids are all yelling and taunting it. crreeepy... usually ghosts are hidden in shadows, haunting specific locales or people. as has been mentioned, the ghost's malevolence and wrath are frightening, and i feel it's attacks and the ending were perfect and fully justified. the ending underlined the fact that the hero made a major mistake by going back to the house. or perhaps he was marked no matter what, by saving the gypsy girl. the guy who plays the hotel manager is so believable, and really fills the role well. i have been spreading the word to my friends about how much i enjoyed this film, and it is reassuring to see others feel the same. i can see how people don't quite see the same masterpiece, especially if they went into it with a lot of review hype.i think another person summed it up when they said that this movie settled the question of whether or not ghosts could physically harm man. whew.. i plan to watch it again tonight followed by the changeling, aaww yeah. any other films to recommend?thanks,

whilst i have loved haunted house movies such as amityville and poltergeist, this made for tv adaption of susan hills book packs a huge punch on the horrors of hollywood.with a brilliant cast (many of which star in heartbeat and other tv dramas), great acting, and fantastic setting (which portrays 1920's life convincingly), it has all the right ingredients to entice the viewer into what is a powerful ghost story.herbert wise did not need blood, violence, or gore to send chills down the spines of an audience. using your own imagination, the woman in black is a figure of fear and dread, and whose presence is never absent once she first appears.the main character arthur kidd, a solicitor, learns about his unseen spectre on his mission to settle the estate. the widow dies and arthur spends few nights inside her dreary home in which he notices many oddities, which may haunt him for some days. some of the scenes are very unsettling and claustrophobic, particularly the locked room which opens itself, which turns the generator off and closes arthur in darkness. the film becomes more harrowing the more you put yourself in arthurs shoes, and his efforts to shake this ghost off. the writer puts many chilling additions into the story, an example being the tin soldier's re-appearance. one is eager to learn the meaning of it all. the fact we never really learn that much about the widow, leaves more to the imagination and makes it all the more unsettling.the widow for the most part, looks vicious and intimidating. the scene after winding the generator sent the chills down me, a woman who appears out of nowhere on isolated marshy land with a howling wind  having been on such properties myself i can appreciate how isolating this is. and the scene in the inn was perhaps the most horrible things i've seen, one i don't wish to watch in a hurry or show to elderly relatives. i have often woken up at night thinking she was behind me in my sleep.the woman in black is a great tv movie and a lost gem. i agree to some extent the internet hype for this film has been totally overblown and can see why people were disappointed after spending the best of £50 on it, but i think the net has defeated hidden gems because it makes films like these over-exposed. i think it's still brilliant and fantastically acted and i consider it the greatest ghost story of the last century.

i saw this film on television years ago, but here several years after, i wake up in the morning, and still remember her face.this film is the most profoundly terrifying film i have seen.

spectacular horror movie that will give you the chills once you get settled with it. the atmosphere is very creepy and stylish, the score is chilling, but the best about the movie is it's performances. it's rare to get scared by performances and this movie's solid acting plays an important part in the scare factor.the story is very interesting and gets your attention since the first minutes. though the woman in black does not have much screen time, she makes the necessary appearances to chill the audience in some brilliant scenes. the dialogs are very descriptive and make your imagination work and that's when it becomes really scary. if you have the chance, watch this on theater it's a totally different experience but as scary as this movie.this is one of the best ghost movies ever and it's directed for people that want to get scared.

i love ghost stories in general, but i particularly love chilly, atmospheric and elegantly creepy british period-style ghost stories. this one qualifies on all counts. a naive young lawyer ("solicitor" in britspeak) is sent to a small village near the seaside to settle an elderly, deceased woman's estate. it's the 1920s, a time when many middle-class brits go to the seaside on vacation for "their health." well, guess what, there's nothing "healthy" about the village of crythin gifford, the creepy site of the elderly woman's hulking, brooding victorian estate, which is located on the fringes of a fog-swathed salt marsh. when the lawyer saves the life of a small girl (none of the locals will help the endangered tot -- you find out why later on in the film), he inadvertently incurs the wrath of a malevolent spirit, the woman in black. she is no filmy, gauzy wraith, but a solid black silhouette of malice and evil. the viewer only sees her a few times, but you feel her malevolent presence in every frame. as the camera creeps up on the lawyer while he's reading through legal papers, you expect to see the woman in black at any moment. when the lawyer goes out to the generator shed to turn on the electricity for the creepy old house, the camera snakes in on him and you think she'll pop up there, too. waiting for the woman in black to show up is nail-bitingly suspenseful. we've seen many elements of this story before(the locked room that no one enters, the fog, the naive outsider who ignores the locals' warnings) but the director somehow manages to combine them all into a completely new-seeming and compelling ghost story. watch it with a buddy so you can have someone warm to grab onto while waiting for the woman in black. . .

i really miss the production of good old fashion spooky films. if ismail merchant and james ivory had been given the task of producing such a film it may have been this one, save for the lack of an internationally known, top drawer cast. this is one of those films that you watch alone on a dark evening with a pizza and some popcorn, and you don't even bother doing the dishes until morning because you just want to hide under the covers. bravo to director herbert wise, writers susan hill and nigel kneale, top production design by jon bunker, art direction by john ralph and an excellent cast for making me shudder and feel so isolated even though i'm living in one of the most populated cities in the world in the beginning of the 21st century. i gave it a "9" out of "10" because with the production and budget constraints of television, they really pulled of a great show.

every once in a while in the wonderful world of horror,diamonds are crafted, and one becomes completely awestruck by its sheer brilliance. this is no less than a diamond!! this is a film brimful of eeriness,chilling anticipation, and dark atmosphere, and i think it's safe to say, one of my favourite horror films of all time! and of course it contains probably the single most, flat out scary sequence in the whole of history of horror! every time i see the film, and it gets up to the point where you know the inevitably will happen, i try to remember exactly when i will be frightened out of my wits, but it never fails to happen; i never get it right, and i find myself as terrorized as the first time i saw it!! now, it must be said, to scare a jaded horror fan like that, that is nothing short of pure perfection. unlike the americans, the brits know their subtleties, they take pride in the art of acting, they do not need any special effect in order to convey atmosphere, they rely on the power of the potent story, and the creepiness(in this case)of suggestion and anticipation. every single element is impeccable, from the set pieces, the acting, the story, to the menacing atmosphere. pauline moran surely could make the devil whimper, that's for sure!! as an end note, if you for some demented reason don't like this piece of insanity, then you honestly don't know what horror is all about, and frankly do not deserve to know it either. thank you!

this film has been scaring me since the first day i saw it.my mum had watched it when it was on the telly back in '92. i remember being woken up in the middle of the night by her tearful ramblings as my dad helped her up the stairs.she was saying something like "don't let her get me" or something like that. i asked what had made her so upset and she told me that she'd been watching the woman in black.so obviously i had to watch it and even though i was only eleven she let me. it scared the s*** out of me. i've been immune to horror films since watching this!

the woman in black (1989) is a tv adaptation of susan hill's modern classic ghost story, published only a few years earlier than the film was made. sadly, this film has not been released on dvd, and as far as i am aware it has been deleted on vhs. it's availability is in direct contrast to it's popularity amongst those in the know about horror films. the story revolves around events in a seaside community in the early 20th century where a young solicitor is sent by his firm to conclude the affairs of a recently deceased widow, who died on her isolated marshland estate. what he thought would be a routine and probably tedious task turns into a nightmare as he discovers that the old woman was haunted to her death, and that the ghosts of her past are not content to rest. the story is told in a subtle but concise way, never being self-indulgent, flashy or over-expositional. the obviously tight budget may have contributed to the no-nonsense approach, but it's just what the story needs, and why it works so well. it's what you don't see that scares. having said that, there is one particularly terrifying scene that relies on the visual, and it works to perfection. i watched this film during the day, and it still gave me nightmares nearly a week later. if you love being terrified, do what you must to get hold of and watch a copy of the woman in black.

"the woman in black" is easily one of the creepiest british ghost stories ever made.a young solicitor,after arriving in a small town to handle a dead client's estate,is haunted by a mysterious woman dressed all in black.the film is loaded with extremely eerie atmosphere and the frights are calculated for and deliver the maximum effect possible.the action keeps the viewer deeply involved and the finale is quite disturbing.the acting is excellent and the tension is almost unbearable at times.so if you want to see a truly creepy horror film give this one a look.i dare anyone to watch "the woman in black" alone at night with the lights off.highly recommended.10 out of 10.

yes, a tap dancing horror thriller........with shelley and debbie! goody goody. this is demented and campy fun and part of the guignol cycle of the 60s that leaked into the 70s. released as a double feature with the burt reynolds comedy fuzz this mad scare is so bonkers as to be throughly entertaining. like a mix of day of the locust, the other and baby jane, i suggest any prospective viewer take on the idea that this is almost meant to be skew-iff and sit with someone with whom you can shriek and elbow all through it. actually, get drunk whilst you watch it.....on cheap champagne. again, with many 30s film ideas they are also about delusion; the struggle of the time for a better life getting bitter and twisted by emotional madness falling into murder. but this one is just plain crazy. it also reminds me a lot of bloody mama the de niro - winters shlock fest that makes this film look positively glorious.

i had watched (and recorded) this a few years back on local tv and, having been underwhelmed by it, i subsequently erased the tape; however, when it was released by mgm as part of a "midnite movie" double-feature dvd of curtis harrington/shelley winters films for a very affordable price, i couldn't resist giving it a second look (this has since gone out-of-print). actually, i received the dvd a few months ago but only now, with harrington's passing, did i get to it; thankfully, this time around i was more receptive to the film and, in fact, now consider it one of the more satisfying whatever happened to baby jane? (1962) imitations (with whom, incidentally, it shared screenwriter henry farrell).the film offers a splendid evocation of 1930s depression america - with its child-star craze and sensational murders (exploited during the fake newsreel opening); it's stylishly made (kudos to lucien ballard's cinematography and the set design by eugene lourie') and boasts an effective david raksin score. shelley winters, debbie reynolds and michael macliammoir deliver excellent performances; the latter is especially impressive as the larger-than-life and vaguely sinister diction coach (though he ultimately proves a mere red herring!). also featured are dennis weaver and agnes moorehead (hers is only a cameo, really, as the evangelist she plays is mostly heard over the radio).many seemed to regret the inclusion of musical numbers by the kids (including an amusing mae west imitation), but i personally wasn't bothered by them; the film does slightly overstay its welcome due to an unhurried pace and (perhaps needlessly) convoluted plot. reynolds - a musical star herself - is ideally cast as the dancing-school owner and, despite their on-set rivalry, she and winters work well together. the latter, in fact, gives a more balanced depiction of paranoia and insanity than in whoever slew auntie roo? (1971); the narrative, then, comes up with a number of ironic twists that lead up to the expected grand guignol-type denouement. apparently, the film was toned down (it originally contained more gore and even a suggestion of lesbianism!) by producer martin ransohoff - against harrington's wishes - in order to get a pg rating...

some of the background details of this story are based, very, very loosely, on real events of the era in which this was placed. the story combines some of the details of the famous leopold and loeb case along with a bit of aimee semple mcpherson.the story begins with two mothers (shelley winters and debbie reynolds) being hounded as they leave a courtroom. the crowd seems most intent on doing them bodily harm as their sons were just convicted of a heinous thrill crime. one person in the crowd apparently slashes winters' hand as they make their way to a waiting car.soon after they arrive home, they begin getting threatening phone calls, so reynolds suggests they both move to the west coast together and open a dance school. the dance school is s success and they cater to incredibly obnoxious parents who think their child is the next shirley temple. one of the parents of these spoiled kids is a multimillionaire who is quite smitten with reynolds and they begin dating. life appears very good. but, when the threatening phone calls begin again, winters responds by flipping out--behaving like she's nearing a psychotic break and she retreats further and further into religion--listening on the radio to 'sister alma' almost constantly. again and again, you see winters on edge and it ultimately culminates in very bad things!! i won't say more, as it might spoil this suspenseful and interesting film.in many ways, this film is a lot like the bette davis and joan crawford horror films of the 1960s like "whatever happened to baby jane?", "straight-jacket" and "the nanny". while none of these are exactly intellectual fare, on a kitsch level they are immensely entertaining and fun. the writing is very good and there are some nice twists near the end that make it all very exciting. winters is great as a fragile and demented lady and reynolds plays one of the sexiest 39 year-olds i've ever seen--plus she can really, really dance.my only concern about all this is that some might find winters' hyper-religiosity in the film a bit tacky--like a cheap attack on christianity. at first i felt that way, but when you meet sister alma, she seems sincere and is not mocked, so i took winters' religious zeal as just a sign of craziness--which, i assume, is all that was intended.by the way, this film is packaged along with "whoever slew auntie roo?"--another shelley winters horror film from 1971. both are great fun...and quite over-the-top!

the 1930s. classy, elegant adele (marvelously played with dignified resolve by debbie reynolds) and batty, frumpy helen (the magnificent shelley winters going full-tilt wacko with her customary histrionic panache) are the mothers of two killers. they leave their seamy pasts in the midwest behind and move to hollywood to start their own dance school for aspiring kid starlets. adele begins dating dashing millionaire lincoln palmer (the always fine dennis weaver). on the other hand, religious fanatic helen soon sinks into despair and madness.director curtis ("night tide," "ruby") harrington, working from a crafty script by henry farrell (who wrote the book "whatever happened to baby jane?" was based on and co-wrote the screenplay for "hush ... hush, sweet charlotte"), adeptly concocts a complex and compelling psychological horror thriller about guilt, fear, repression and religious fervor running dangerously amok. the super cast have a ball with their colorful roles: michael macliammoir as a pompous elocution teacher, agnes moorehead as a stern fire-and-brimstone radio evangelist, yvette vickers as a snippy, overbearing mother of a bratty wannabe child star, logan ramsey as a snoopy detective, and timothy carey as a creepy bum. an elaborate talent recital set piece with pamelyn ferdin (the voice of lucy in the "peanuts" tv cartoon specials) serving as emcee and original "friday the 13th" victim robbi morgan doing a wickedly bawdy dead-on mae west impression qualifies as a definite highlight. david raskin's spooky score, a fantastic scene with reynolds performing an incredible tango at a posh restaurant, the flavorsome depression-era period atmosphere, lucien ballard's handsome cinematography, and especially the startling macabre ending are all likewise on the money excellent and effective. mgm presents this terrific gem on a nifty dvd doublebill with "whoever slew auntie roo?;" both pictures are presented in crisp widescreen transfers along with their theatrical trailers.

well, here's another terrific example of awkward 70's film-making! the rudimentary premise of "what's the matter with helen?" is quite shocking and disturbing, but it's presented in such a stylish and sophisticated fashion! in the hands of any other movie crew, this certainly would have become a nasty and gritty exploitation tale, but with director curtis harrington ("whoever slew auntie roo?") and scriptwriter henry farrell ("hushhushsweet charlotte") in charge, it became a beautiful and almost enchanting mixture of themes and genres. the basic plot of the film is definitely horrific, but there's a lot more to experience, like love stories, a swinging 1930's atmosphere and a whole lot of singing and tap-dancing! the setting is unquestionably what makes this movie so unique. we're literally catapulted back to the 1930's, with a sublime depiction of that era's music, religion, theatrical business and wardrobes. following the long and exhausting trial that sentenced their sons to life-imprisonment for murder, adelle (debbie reynolds) and helen (shelley winters) flee to california and attempt to start a new life running a dance school for young talented girls. particularly adelle adapts herself perfectly to the new environment, as she falls in love with a local millionaire, but poor old helen continues to sink in a downwards spiral of insanity and paranoia. she only listens to the ramblings of a radio-evangelist, fears that she will be punished for the crimes her son committed and slowly develops violent tendencies. the script, although not entirely without flaws, is well written and the film is adequately paced. there's never a dull moment in "what's the matter with helen", although the singing, tap-dancing and tango sequences are quite extended and much unrelated to the actual plot. but the atmosphere is continuously ominous and the film definitely benefices from the terrific acting performance of shelley winters. she's downright scary as the unpredictable and introvert lady who's about to snap any second and, especially during the last ten minutes or so, she looks more petrifying than all the freddy kruegers, jason voorhees' and michael myers' combined! there are several terrific supportive characters who are, sadly, a little underdeveloped and robbed from their potential, like michéal macliammóir as the cocky elocution teacher, agnes moorehead as the creepy priestess and timothy carey as the obtrusive visitor to the ladies' house. there are a couple of surprisingly gruesome scenes and moments of genuine shock to enjoy for the grand guignol fanatics among us, but particularly the set pieces and costume designs (even nominated for an oscar!) are breathtaking.

- after their sons are sentenced to life in prison, adelle (debbie reynolds) and helen (shirley winters) begin receiving threatening phone calls because someone fells their sons got off easy. the pair decides to move to california to escape the publicity of the trial and to start a new life. they start a dance school that is soon very successful. one of the students has a rich unmarried father with whom adelle quickly falls in love. in the meantime, helen is busy raising rabbits and becoming a little too infatuated with an evangelist on the radio. it's only a mater of time before everything falls apart and the women enter a world of madness and murder.- i can't help but compare what's the matter with helen? to whoever slew auntie roo?, also starring shelly winters. where that movie seemed almost restrained in its presentation of auntie roo's madness, there's nothing holding helen back in this movie. it may take a good deal of the movie's running time, but once she snaps, helen is one bad mad mutha. you don't want to mess with her. winters is so delightfully demented that it was impossible for me not to enjoy her performance. i'm not going to spoil the movie, but the things helen is capable of are totally over-the-top.- as good as winters is, reynolds is totally ridiculous in her role as the gold-digging tap dancer. i got the impression that she thought she was in a movie that would get her nominated for some award. this ain't citizen kane! quit acting so serious. hey, debbie, don't you realize that you're main purpose is to be a victim of winters' insanity.- i just love these former-female-stars-in-the-twilight-of-their-career horror movies. what's the matter with helen? is as fun as any.

a vastly underrated black comedy, the finest in a series of grand guignol movies to follow 'baby jane'. reynolds and winters are mothers of young convicted murderers (a nod to 'compulsion') who run away to hide in hollywood. they run a school for would-be movie tots, a bunch of hilariously untalented kids attended by awful stage moms. debbie, in her blonde wig ('i'm a harlow, you're more a marion davies' she tells winters) leads the tots at their concert and wins a rich dad, weaver. she also does a deliciously funny tango and, over all, gives an outstanding performance, unlike anything she'd done before. the atmosphere is a fine mix of comic and eerie. it looks wonderful with great period detail (30's). lots of lovely swipes at hollywood and the terrifying movie tot. micheal macliammoir has a ball as the drama coach: 'hamilton starr', he purrs, 'two r's but prophetic nonetheless'. see it and love it.

from the writer of "what ever happened to baby jane?" and "hush .. hush, sweet charlotte," this tail-end of the sixties horror cycle has some eerie and campy fun. micheál macliammóir does a victor buono-type bit, but too often the movie totters dangerously close to a bad musical ... there's a particularly awful children's recital about halfway through. debbie taps, tangos and tricks up a lá harlow, while winters' religious fanatic has a lesbian edge to her. agnes moorehead checks in as an evangelist. weaver has nothing to do - and even has to pay a gigolo to dance with debbie.

the most bizarre of the cinematic sub-genres is the so called "the great ladies of the grand guignol": camp horror films which combined over-the-top melodrama with gothic thrills and always starred by seasoned and almost forgotten actress from hollywood golden age in unflattering roles of either long suffering victims or screeching evil harpies. this genre provided them with an unusual acting showcase that allowed strut their stuff on the screen once again and win new generations of fans at expense of their glamorous images from yesterday."what's the matter with helen" is the last drop of this sub-genre with stunning performances of both debbie reynolds and shelley winters as the troubled mothers of two convicted criminals who run away from their past to the sunny california in the 1930s to open a talent school to milk out the eagerly mothers who want their daughters to be the next shirley temple. in california, debbie gets happiness, clients, tango, tap dancing and a new love interest (dennis weaver meanwhile shelley gets wacko with horrible flashbacks, menacing anonymous calls, menacing strangers, menacing agnes moorehead as a radio evangelist, cute little rabbits (!) and an unfortunate encounter with an electric fan (ouch!).the sloppy script (penned by henry farrell, the man who started all this genre with "whatever happened to baby jane" along with master director robert aldrich, joan crawford and bette davis) is full of plot holes, red herrings and wasted opportunities that could had made this movie great: the underlying themes of twisted motherhood (with debbie and shelley's characters as "failed mothers" and the overbearing mommies of the child stars) and obsessive female bonding (debbie and shelley relationship and the fact that the few male characters of this movie are either sinister or sleazy even dennis weaver dream boat texan) are wasted. instead we get debbie reynolds musicals interludes and dancing tots, although fun to watch take too much screen time of what is supposedly to be a psychological chiller. but still this movie is highly entertaining. the two stars and curtis harrington stylish direction easily overcomes its flaws. the movie recreation of the 1930's is colorful and elegant (look at debbie's clothes!) made with a very tight budget. the increasing atmosphere of madness and hysteria is genuinely creepy with a shocking finale that will haunt you for days. and you wouldn't easily forget that silly "goody, goody" song that runs through the movie either. and seeing an increasingly mad shelley winters screw every one of debbie reynolds' chances at happiness is a hoot to watch!8 out of 10.

very good drama about a young girl who attempts to unravel a series of horrible crimes. she enlists the aid of a police cadet, and they begin running down a series of clues which lead to a traveling carny worker with a long police record. an ending which is guaranteed to keep you on the edge of your seat.

this is a nice piece of work. very sexy and engaging enough plot to keep my interest throughout. its main disadvantage is that it seems like it was made-for-tv: full screen, and though there were several sex scenes, there was absolutely no nudity (but boy did it come close!). strange, too, since netflix shows that it was rated r.nonetheless, very titillating, and i wish alicia silverstone made more movies like this.one netflix reviewer stated that it was part of a series, but i have been unable to find out what series that is. i'd like to find out, though, because this movie was that good.walt d in lv. 8/23/2005

i thought this movie was wonderfully plotted it made me confused and my cousin who watched it with me.to tell the truth i think that the younger kevin dillon was hot.hahahaha...but i also thought the girl was stupid to go along with the cop and that was wrong what he said to her before his death"i was inside you".i think that's what she gets for doing what she did with him and how is he going to tell her that she's too young when he never cared how old the other girls were.?now i don't think i myself could ever trust a cop like that.but to tell the truth it was pretty obvious it was him even if he was wanting to become a cop i would still be suspicious of him either way.and that was funny when she sprayed him in the eye in the store.hahahahaha.she was still stupid for going into the warehouse again by herself and so was the cop who died hello!! it's called back-up.sometimes these movies make me mad when people act stupid and do stupid things.but that's what i think an thought about the movie.

i saw true crime when it was first released back in the mid-nineties and i have watched it many times since. it is a great mystery about mary (played by alicia silverstone), a high school senior in a california town who's classmate's younger sister was tortured and killed by an unknown murderer. mary meets tony (played by kevin dillon), a police cadet who sees how bright she is and they decide to work together to try to find the killer.many suspects in this one. true crime feels very "true" or real to me. i read a newsgroup review where someone wrote that total suspension of disbelief is present here and it is so true. alicia silverstone is perfect in this role and kevin dillon and bill nunn do a great job, as do the other actors. the locations are right on and the writer/director, pat verducci, really captures some of the realities of teenage life and of mary's loneliness (see the scene where mary awakens from the dream sequence after having viewed the photos she took of tony). i wish verducci would make more movies.i have not seen any other movie quite like true crime. 10/10

i got to see the whole movie last night and i found it very exciting.it was at least,not like the teen-slasher movies that pop out every now and then.the search for the killer and the 'partner' relationship between the hero&the so-called bad guy was parts i liked about the movie.also,i remember once being on the edge of my seat during a specific scene in the movie.i mean it's exciting.maybe some time later,i might watch the movie again...

i have seen this movie and even though i kind of knew who the killer was from the beginning i still liked watching it. i would recommend it to other people. it comes on lifetime movie network quite a lot. and i am thinking since it's close to halloween they might play it more. so please be on the look out for it if you are interested in watching it. i believe that alicia silverstone played her part very well. i really like her as an actress and person. she seems so nice and down to earth. kevin dillon he's performance was so so for me. i am not trying to knock him or anything but i believe that his brother matt would have been able to pull this bad evil serial killer persona better. kevin just seems too sweet for me. but i think he did okay.

this is the best made-for-tv movie of all-time! am i saying this because i'm a huge silverstone fan? partially, but even without her, i'd still see it. i'm a fan of serial killer genre films, and believe this to be a great entry in that category. also, mary giordano easily ranks among alicia's top five character creations. totally memorable - like she really exists. i'd have her on my side, too, if there was a mystery to be solved. she plays the character, like she does with her real life, with complete confidence in everything she does. seems sweet, honest, nice...just like she is in real life. so is that acting? yes, indeed, she's sort of a rebel once again. this time she's not bad, she's too good and a bit afraid to do things that seem above the law. but she doesn't do things the normal teenager would do. instead, she spends her time reading detective mags and solves crimes. a cliche abounds: she's sort of avenging her father's death, in a different way than vigilante-style. at the time, alicia seemed to be playing the same characters: rebellious, seductive, without a parent, a loner. this happens here, too, but she's a bit nerdy this time around. that doesn't matter; she's still cool as a nerd. check this out soon, or else giordano will be investigating why you haven't...

i searched out this one after seeing the hilarious and linguistically challenging "clueless" (1995), perhaps alicia silverstone's best known effort from early in her film career. "true crime" has kevin dillon, which should be helpful in improving most film projects. in fact everyone in the cast does a good job . the only disappointment i think the movie has for me is an awkward "feel" to some of the scenes, coming from the need to run a quite uncompromising, grown up theme as part of what in tone starts out as a schoolgirl adventure.alicia silverstone is pretty good in this one. she carries off well the naive enthusiasm and growing unease that affects mary giordano as she manoeuvres towards the truth behind the serial murders. i reckon her characterization of mg has some mileage in it too. the inference of the story line is that she goes on to a career in law enforcement. it could be really interesting for an older silverstone to revisit giordano at a time of crisis later in the officer's life. just a thought!"true crime" shows its director in a good light. pat verducci also has the writing credit. i don't know of any other film work pv has done. i can only wonder what happened after such a promising start.like most productions, this one has a largely unknown supporting cast, although bill nunn (detective jerry guinn) is hardly that. over the past decade he seems to have been able to secure an impressive number of screen appearances. i recall seeing him recently in "carriers" (1998), a made for tv presentation with a military theme. bill nunn played "captain arends". fans of the classic us tv comedy show "who's the boss" may also have an interest in "carriers" because the leading player is judith light, remembered with affection by many because of her lengthy involvement with the show."true crime" could easily not have worked, but it does ok. i think it is an entertaining story worth seeing.

i thought this was a splendid showcase for mandy's bodacious bod. if you don't expect anything else, such as clever plot twists and believable character development, you won't be disappointed. consider this a sports illustrated shoot whose character goes around killing people, especially those who threaten to come between her and her 'mommy' (suzanna arquette, who obviously doesn't want to play the sex kitten - she leaves that up to her daughter).mandy's face is a little too perfect, but her body is a complete 5-alarm fire, up there in the ranks of sophia loren when it comes to natural bustiness, a perfect 7-to-10 ratio of waist to hips, and splendidly configured legs, right down to her feet. (there has to be some ideal configuration of thighs to knees to calves to ankles that is altogether pleasing to the eye; mandy certainly is the model for this idealized ratio).and no flat butt to boot, which seems to be the undoing of many a busty babe with curves everywhere except in the 'nether hemispheres'. mandy might have used a body double in the rear shot of her losing her towel as she descended into the candle-lit hot tub with her blindfolded german-guy victim no. 2, but from all i could see from her bikini shots, she had the butt for it and didn't need a double to prove it.mandy's acting abilities had little to do with her impression of a psychotic 'mommy's girl', with the obvious erotic lesbian overtones. her bisexual nature (allowing herself to be boinked in the hot tub after a long flirtation with german guy no. 2, who also happened to be her mother's lover) added an additional dimension to an otherwise one-dimensional caricature of adolescent female horniness conflicted with pathological murderous impulses (always by water with the men - the ultimate fate of the latina housekeeper was edited out in the televised version for some obscure reason).mandy's uber-nordic facial features coupled with her uber-voluptuous body could either be a blessing or a curse. if mandy really wants to further her career as an actress, i'd advise her to immerse herself fully in the romance languages, especially italian and spanish - and maybe french, although i don't know if they would go for her type. but this would enable her to reconcile her bo derek face with her vida guerra body - but maybe her face is just a little too nordic, and she has shown off too much of her extraordinary body in a cheesy movie to enable her to advance to any more fame that was enjoyed by michelle johnson of the 1980's whose early fame in blame it on rio was followed by a series of skin flicks that failed to make it off the ground.vambo drule.

i'm a writer working at home and diagnosis murder is my lunchtime break companion - good, clean fun, good humour and nostalgia for the days of the dick van dyke show. how innocent we all were (and how innocent is diagnosis murder). i particularly enjoyed the episodes with other nostalgia figures like joe mannix. the bad guys always get caught, the good guys carry on. the stars clearly enjoy themselves and are having a ball without taking themselves too seriously.one beef: why were so many of the villains women or at least bitches? amanda was too dizzy. its hard to imagine her really carrying out anything as gruesome as an autopsy.i hope we haven't seen the last of dick van dyke and family on our screens, esp. at lunchtimes!!

diagnosis murder is one of the only programs i watch regularly on tv now. the way all of the main characters have something to do in each of the episodes makes it so unlike today's shows where they concentrate on 1 or 2 people per episode and everyone else is shoved to the side. the way mark's brain works is also so obscure that you never really know what he is thinking, and if you think you do, you are wrong.diagnosis murder has tackled a diverse range of topics, not just in the cases but in each of the characters personal lives. everything from racism and adoption, to terrorists and technology.as for it being for old people? i am 24!! i don't think i can be classed as old yet.i just want to know when they will be releasing all 8 seasons on dvd (not ntsc) so that i can watch them all in order. they seem to be doing it with lots of other programs from the same era so can they hurry it up a bit!

old people show???? i'm 15 and have been watching the show since i was 12, recoding it onto my sky+ box everyday from hallmark and bbc 1. i really wish they hadn't cancelled it, they didn't even get a proper farewell. but what an adventure, all those episodes, i think i've seen them all, and not one comes to mind that i didn't like and enjoy.its a shame the bbc keep swapping between diagnoses murder and 'murder she wrote'- never watched it and don't intend to. anyways, he characters in diagnoses murder are so in-depth, and the chemistry between the actors is amazing. it really was a sad day when they cancelled this show........

diagnosis murder has been shown on most weekday afternoons on bbc1 since i used to watch it while ill from school a good 10 years ago - i know i shouldn't really enjoy it, in the same way i shouldn't enjoy 'murder she wrote' but i'm totally addicted to both and even have the dvd box-sets....ok i know that's sad!dick van dyke carries the show as he stars as dr.mark sloan a doctor at community general hospital in l.a who is also a police consultant for the l.a.p.d. - his son steve (barry van dyke - dick's real life son) is a police officer, who needs his father's help on very many suspicious deaths. along for the ride is dr.amanda bentley (victoria bentley) the resident pathologist at community general and for the first couple of seasons you had scott baio playing dr.jack stewart, who upped and left the series in 1995 hoping to go on to bigger and better things...he should have stayed where he was, he hasn't done anything of note since....and his only theatrical appearance for many years was in baby geniuses 2:superbabies....oh dear!!!anyhow dr.jack stewart was replaced by the younger dr.jesse travis played by charlie schlatter who stepped into baio's shoes pretty comfortably.the series is highly implausible but what whodunit series isn't? (murder she wrote - everywhere jessica goes, someone ends up dead, or the underrated father dowling mysteries about a murder solving priest with nun sidekick)the series was much lighter up until 1997 this is because it had a supporting cast that included the bumbling hospital manager norman briggs played by michael tucci along with nurse & mark's secretary dolores played by delores hall, after 1997 both these characters were no longer included and the series became a grittier affair with a bigger looking budget, some episodes included far more action, one episode the entire hospital is blown up.this was a family show for the van dyke's because as well as dick's son barry, you also had dick's daughter and all his grandchildren making an appearance in various episodes. as the series went on it got a bit silly, one episode i remember dick van dike plays his entire family, which was a bit out of the ordinary, but on the whole 'diagnosis murder' was a really good tv show which had numerous good guest stars.since this show finished in 2001, dick & barry have appeared together again in the 'murder 101' series of tv movies made by the hallmark channel, pretty much following the same path, and still enjoyable. dick who's now in his mid 80's doesn't seem to change a great deal, and looks as if he'll be working till the bitter end.tv show **** out of *****

this, like murder she wrote, is one of those shows, that after a stressful day at school, i sit down in front of the tv, and watch. why? because i genuinely enjoy it, and it's a shame it's not on the air anymore. dick van dyke is amazing as dr mark sloan, a doctor-turned-detective, who with his son, solves murders. he is joined by a largely unknown but very competent supporting cast, namely his real-life son, barry van dyke. victoria rowell is also good, but i noticed that every series her hairstyle changes. i also liked scott baio and charlie schlatter, but i particularly loved michael tucci as norman, and was puzzled how he suddenly disappeared. this show is so entertaining,with great guest stars, it's a bit obvious at times, like colombo, but in every episode, there is always something to chuckle about. in conclusion, a great series, with two thumbs up and a 10/10. bethany cox

what network was , diagnosis murder on? i thought it was cbs. am i right or?? also, back in those days, the actual production h.q. was near about the van nuys airport. i surely remember, because i practically made nearly two episodes in those daze. more. i remember the early days. i had found an article in reader's digest giving this actor/writer a clue to a terrific episode. so just for suggesting it i was awarded. awarded or not, i sadly didn't develop it, and was cut out of it all due to poor publicity of mine. so as a justification i learned as i always have, the hard way... roll the dice..craps!!! just a side bar on mr. van dyke. he had a house in the brentwood area on chalon road and it was an incredible party house. dick had a terrific sense of modernism when he built that house.

i love this show as it action packed with adventure, love and intrigue. well some times love! it's so good see a show where all the characters work well together and they treat each other with respect. it's also very good to se dick van dyke in a television role as i have only seen him in mary poppins. the mixture of the main characters, mark, amanda, jesse and steve is very capturing to the audience. this is a show you have to watch!

thankfully as a student i have been able to watch "diagnosis murder" for a number of years now. it is basically about a doctor who solves murders with the help of his lapd son, a young doctor and a pathologist. dm provided 8 seasons of exceptional entertainment. what made it different from the many other cop shows and worth watching many times over was its cast and quality of writing. the main cast gave good performances and dick van dyke's entertainer roots shone through with the use of magic, dance and humor. the best aspects of dm was the fast pace, witty scripts and of course the toe tapping score. sadly it has been unfairly compared to "murder, she wrote". dm is far superior boasting more difficult mysteries to solve and more variety. now it is gone tv is a worse place. gone are the days of feelgood, family friendly cop shows. now there is just depressing 'gritty' ones.

i've just seen the saint strikes back for the first time and found it quite good. this was george sanders's first appearance as the saint, where he replaces louis hayward.in this one, the saint is sent to san francisco to investigate a shooting at a night club. with the help of his acquaintance inspector fernack who has come down from new york, they help a daughter of a crime boss.joining sanders in the cast are wendy barrie and jonathan hale.not a bad saint movie. worth seeing.rating: 3 stars out of 5.

leslie charteris' series of novels of the adventures of the slightly shady simon templar ("the saint") was brought to the screen in the late 1930s with the up and coming george sanders as templar. it was a careful choice - sanders usually would play villains with occasional "nice roles" (ffoliott in foreign correspondence, the title hero in the strange case of uncle harry, the framed "best friend" of robert montgomery in rage in heaven). here his willingness to bend the rules and break a law briefly fit his "heavy persona", while his good looks and suave behavior made templar a fit shady hero like chester morris' "boston blackie", and (to an extent) peter lorre's "mr. moto". the films are not the best series of movie mystery serials - but they are serviceable. like rathbone's holmes series or oland's chan's series the show frequently had actors repeating roles or playing new ones (the anti-heroine in the film here was played by wendy barrie, who would show up in a second film in the series). this, and slightly familiar movie sets make the series a comfortable experience for the viewers, who hear the buzz of the dialog (always showing sanders' braininess in keeping one step ahead of the bad guys), without noting the obvious defects of the plot. all these mysteries have defects due to the fact that even the best writers of the genre can't avoid repeating old ideas again and again and again.here the moment when that happened was when one of the cast admitted his affection for barrie, which she was long aware of. shortly after he tries to protect her from the police. but as the film dealt with the identity of a criminal mastermind, it became obvious that this person was made so slightly noble as to merit being the mysterious mastermind (i.e., the script disguised him as the least likely suspect).barrie is after the proof that her father (who died in prison) was framed by the real criminals in a robbery gang. she has several people assisting her - mugs like william gargan - and she gets advice from the mastermind on planning embarrassing burglaries that can't be pinned on her. the d.a. who got her father convicted (jerome cowan) is determined to get barrie and her gang. the only detective who seems to have a chance to solve the case is jonathan hale, who is shadowing sanders but reluctantly working with him. the cast has some nice moments in the script - hale (currently on a special diet) is tempted to eat a rich lobster dinner made for sanders by willie best. he gets a serious upset stomach as a result, enabling sanders and barrie to flee sanders' apartment. best has to remind him (when he feels better) to head for a location that sanders told him to go to at a certain time.there is also an interesting role for gilbert emery. usually playing decent people (like the brow-beaten husband in between two worlds) he plays a socially prominent weakling here - whose demise is reminiscent of that of a character in a bogart movie.on the whole a well made film for the second half of a movie house billing in 1939. it will entertain you even if it does not remain in your memory.

it's not too bad a b movie, with sanders, barrie, hale, cowen, hamilton, gargan, fitzgerald and even willie best we could be either with charlie chan, moto, the falcon, blackie, holmes or the saint etc. in other words you get the chance to spend another hour in the company of some old friends, from plain to urbane, murdering and being murdered - always a pleasure in my book.barrie's a hard-boiled dame out to avenge and clear her framed and dead father, a police detective by planning and carrying out with her coterie a string of underworld assassinations. which would surely have had the opposite effect! sanders joins in the fun simply by dancing in the right club in the right place in the right city at the right time with the right lighting falling on both him and the first killer (at the right time!) and killing him.the story and acting's ok, the only gripe i've got is near the end with the hurried and almost laughable discovery of who the evil genius (waldeman) was - did they almost forget about his relevance in the plot? that said, a solid entry in the series.

when reading a review from another user, saying that it's a terrible game, i could not stand idle and do nothing!well, this game is great, from the news clips (with two real persons, full of humour sense and credibility!), to the story, i find it very good! i only complain about the enemies start blinking when they die, until they disappear; and some frustrating situations on the leila vr missions, when riding the bike, here and there...except that, it's a great game, with a great story, good graphics, excellent characters, great soundtrack... i recommend it! surely! it can be a bit old, but still enjoyable! at least, on the dreamcast... but the ps2 version shall be the same.

rock solid giallo from a master filmmaker of the genre, sergio martino. fashioned from a marvelous screenplay by ernesto gestaldi, this shocking mystery often develops fascinating twists until the terrific finale which most might not see coming throughout the film. it's when everything has fallen into place that we can go, "ahh.." the film revolves around the death of a husband(..in an airplane explosion)and the million dollars the wife receives from it. there are those with great interest in that money, one in particular being the dead man's mistress. the wife is lisa(ida galli)and the mistress demanding half the money is lara(janine reynaud). she tells lisa she knows that the death was arranged by her to get the insurance money. lara says she'll use her "lawyer", sharif(luis barboo)to get that money. so already, the film produces two possible suspects in the later murder of lisa, who awaiting someone in tokyo. george hilton portrays peter lynch. peter works for a company that investigates those who gain inheritance to see if the pay day was gathered under suspicious means. when, on his watch, lisa is killed by a man dressed from head to toe in black in her hotel room, he is a possible suspect. he decides to do a little investigating himself, while also assisting inspector stavros(luigi pistilli)and interpol agent, benton(tom felleghy)on their quest to find a killer. the killer strikes several times eliminating anyone revolving around the missing million dollars confiscated by the one responsible for the murder of lisa. soon, the film follows a journalist, cléo dupont(the delicious, luscious anita strindberg)as she and peter meet for a dinner where she could try and sniff out anything that might break a story for her. soon they fall deeply in love, but it seems like anyone who is near peter is killed. soon someone attacks cléo with an intent to kill which pushes the investigation further into uncharted territory. why would anyone wish to harm a journalist with no real facts to damage the one killing off people.this giallo is quite clever and exciting to follow. the film never lulls which is quite remarkable since so much happens leaving open the question of the identity of the killer. this film follows the path of gialli with knife slashings because of a certain pattern the killer has taken(the throat and lower torso). the film's conclusion wraps up all the complex loose ends and is quite satisfying. the film has some unique camera angles, but delivers the goods in terms of driving the plot and the execution of the mystery.

the case of the scorpion's tail is a highly stylish giallo directed by sergio martino, who appears to be a giallo master second only to dario argento.ernesto gastaldi wrote this fabulous who-dunnit, quite complex but ultimately very satisfying and entertaining murder mystery. it also makes sense in the end, a big plus, 'cause that's not always the case for these giallo's, as they tend to stretch credibility with their endless red-herrings and ultimate solutions. here, the less you know about the plot, the better.pure giallo trademarks present here are the beautiful cinematography, the catchy music score, the gorgeous females (anita strindberg is a goddess), brutal murders, black gloved murderers and explicit sex scenes to name a few.in most parts it's decently acted, goerge hilton his usually suave self and others do fairly well. martino directs with a sure hand, keeps things tight and atmospheric with some terrific set pieces.if you're a giallo fan, this is a must see. if you like well written and suspenseful thrillers in general, this comes highly recommended.

a fine martino outing, this is a spirited and enjoyable giallo with fine performances from good looking cast and principally the two leads, george hilton and anita strindberg.for me the jig-saw puzzle of a plot is so convoluted and confusing you just sit back and enjoy rather than try to anticipate. just when all seems resolved we are again taken on a further series of twists, enjoyable twists, it has to be said.sexy with plenty of gory kills this a well paced movie with london, athens and greek coastal locations. a super finale set upon aegean rocks wraps things up and much fun was had by all.

lisa baumer (ida galli) is the adulteress wife of a big businessman who inherits $1million life insurance when her husband is killed in a plane crash while on a business trip.initially she is suspected of being responsible as her husbands will had recently been changed and so she has an insurance investigator peter lynch (george hilton)and an interpol agent on her tail just to be sure. baumer travels to athens, greece to cash in her inheritance, but insists on having it in cash...a dangerous turn of events. lynch who's identity is now known to baumer tries to protect her against a lover of her husband lara florakis who nevertheless along with her henchman sharif tries to kill them both for a share of the money that she deems she is entitled to. and this is where our masked killer starts his/her brutal killings. lynch as is customary with our hero is at first suspected by the greek police and is warned not to leave athens by police inspector stavros(luigi pistilli a familiar face in giallo and spaghettis). lynch is then aided by the gorgeous cléo dupont (anita strindberg) a local journalist who helps him investigate the killings.to say any more could ruin the film for anyone who has not seen it, so suffice to say there are enough red herrings and most of them plausible to keep mystery/thriller fans happy in this story driven giallo.the no shame dvd has a superb transfer with both english and italian soundtrack. it also has a very catchy score just for good measure by bruno nicolai that will stay in your head for a while....all in all a first rate giallo.

sergio martino has impressed me recently with his giallo classics 'the strange vice of mrs wardh' and the unforgettably titled, 'your vice is a locked room and only i have the key' - but even so, i wasn't expecting too much from this film. the case of the scorpion's tail doesn't get mentioned as much as the aforementioned titles when it comes to classic giallo discussion - but i don't know why, because this is at least as good as those two! dario argento may be the 'king' of giallo, but with the five films that he made - sergio martino surely isn't too far behind. in some ways, he even surpasses the master. all of martino's films were released prior to the jewel in argento's crown, the magnificent profondo rosso, so back in the early seventies - martino was the king! the plot here follows the idea of murder for profit, and follows the insurance payout of a wealthy man. his wife inherits $1 million, and it isn't long before there's people out for her blood! when she turns up dead shortly thereafter, an insurance investigator and a plucky, attractive young journalist follow up the case.the case of the scorpion's tail may not benefit from the beautiful edwige fenech, but it does have two of martino's collaborators on board. most famous is george hilton, who worked with marino on the strange vice of mrs wardh and all the colors of the dark, along with a number of other giallos. hilton has a great screen presence, and every time i see him in an italian thriller; it becomes obvious why he is repeatedly cast. the beautiful anita strindberg, who will be remembered from your vice is a locked room, stars alongside hilton and excellently provides the classic giallo female lead. sergio martino does a good job in the director's chair once again, with several beautiful scenes - the best of which taking place in a room bathed with green lighting! the score by bruno nicolai (wardh) excellently sets the mood, but it is the script that, once again, is the driving force behind martino's success. ernesto gastaldi, the writer for martino's other four giallo, has put together a script that is thrilling while staying away from the common giallo pitfall of not making sense; thus liberating this film from the rest of the illogical genre. the case of the scorpion's tail is a quality giallo film, and yet another success for the great sergio martino. if you like giallo, you'll love this!

sergio martino's the case of the scorpion's tail is a scenic giallo from the early 70's heyday of the genre. an explosion on an aeroplane results in one million dollars in insurance money for a bereaved but unfaithful wife. the money is subsequently snatched by a black-clad assassin and a series of brutal murders follow.scorpion's tail plays the mystery element, written by giallo specialist ernesto gastaldi, fairly straight. but, being a giallo, the murders themselves are memorable and well-staged. in fact, the violence in this movie is very strong in places - a scene with a broken bottle being particularly graphic. the emphasis on the violence no doubt influencing the giallo genre to move into more and more extreme territory. but like the best films in the genre the brutality is offset by a good score and attractive photography. the music by bruno nicolai is at times reminiscent of ennio morricone's avant-garde work in the bird with the crystal plumage but is also strong in its own right. the photography is helped by the nice use of foreign locales - in this case london and athens - where martino manages to get in, respectively, the houses of parliament and the acropolis! there is also some inventive camera-work too, the most effective being the use of slow motion in a sequence where a woman runs towards the door where the maniac is prowling outside. in this particular scene martino has the killer hack through the door with a knife in a manner influenced by dario argento's crystal plumage, however, it also has the killer attempt to flick the latch open with the blade of a knife which is something repeated later by argento in suspiria. so martino's film is influential in its own right.this is a good solid giallo that both genre and non-genre fans can appreciate. the performances are good and the production values are fine (although the plane explosion is, shall we say, somewhat low-budget!). the dvd release by noshame is nice. it has both the english and italian language options which is a real bonus. however, it is worth pointing out that at times you need to be a fast reader to fully appreciate the english subtitle option. this applies to both the movie and the documentary in the extras. this is a minor point though, the dvd release is a worthy addition to any giallo collection.

la coda dello scorpione (a.k.a. case of the scorpion's tail) was director sergio martino's follow-up to the wonderful giallo strano vizio della signora wardh. this is the quintessential giallo, featuring all the aspects fans of the genre have come to know and love. twisty plot, beautiful girls, black gloves, sharp blades, and a bit of gore all come together to make one heck of a piece of italian exploitation.a group of gialli favorites, both in front of and behind the camera, work to make this one of the best non-argento gialli around. there's the aforementioned martino adding his touches as director, giallo great ernesto gastaldi as the writer, bruno nicolai creating the music, and a host of giallo stars and starlets, such as george hilton, character actor luigi pistilli, and the fetching anita strindberg.with all this talent behind it, does scorpione deliver? you bet. the film works on many different levels. it's a thrilling murder mystery, a tense and violent horror film, and a suspenseful thriller. all in all one of the best gialli around.martino definitely knows what fans want when it comes to gialli. at some points in the film, he almost seems to be channeling argento in his approach. for example, there is a direct rip-off of the scene in bird with the crystal plumage where the killer tries to break through the door, that actually outdoes argento's flick.are there any problems with the flick? hmmm... only minor ones. first, any scenes that aren't following the murders or the budding romance between the two leads begin to bore. but just before you fall asleep, the killer will pop out of nowhere and you'll be right back in the swing of things.also, towards the end, the twists get a little too bizarre. i mean, what purpose did the scorpion pins really serve? if you don't play close attention to the dialogue, you could easily become lost with the twisting, weaving storyline.but these minor quibbles aside, la coda dello scorpione is a tense, suspenseful, classy and all around entertaining film for giallo fans. seek it out!

sergio martino is a great director, who has contributed a lot to italian genre cinema and, as far as i am considered, his gialli from the 1970s are the undisputed highlights in his impressive repertoire. "la coda dello scorpione" aka. "the case of the scorpion's tale" of 1971 is one of these impressive films martino has contributed to italian horror's most original sub-genre, and another proof that the man is a master of atmosphere, style and suspense. my personal favorite of the martino films i've seen so far is still the insanely brilliant "your vice is a locked room and only i have the key" of 1972, followed by "torso" (1973) and "the strange vice of mrs wardh" (1971), all of which i personally like even more than this one. that's purely a matter of personal taste, however, as "la coda dello scorpione" is an equally excellent film that is essential for every fan of italian horror cinema and suspense in general.the film, which delivers tantalizing suspense from the very beginning has a complex and gripping plot that begins with the mysterious demise of a millionaire who has died in a plane crash. insurance investigator peter lynch (george hilton) is assigned to verify the circumstances the insurance company which is due to pay a large sum to the deceased man's wife. soon after lynch begins to investigate, a person is brutally killed, which is just the beginning of a series of murders..."the case of the scorpion's tail" excellently delivers all the elements a great giallo needs. the film is stunningly suspenseful from the beginning, the score by bruno nicolai is brilliant, the plot is wonderfully convoluted, and the killer's identity remains a mystery until the end. regular giallo leading-man george hilton once again delivers an excellent performance in the lead. sexy anita strindberg is absolutely ravishing in the female lead. the includes the great luigi pistilli, one of the most brilliant regulars of italian genre-cinema of the 60s and 70s, and alberto de mendoza, another great actor who should be familiar to any lover of italian cinema. athens, where most of the film takes place, is actually a great setting for a giallo. the atmosphere is constantly gripping, and the photography great, and bruno nicolai's ingenious score makes the suspense even more intense. long story short: "la coda dello scorpione" is another excellent giallo from sergio martino and an absolute must-see for any lover of the sub-genre! stylish, suspenseful, and great in all regards!

i'm really tempted to reward "the case of the scorpion's tail" with a solid 10 out of 10 rating, but that would largely be because i think italian horror cinema of the 1970's is so much better than the cheesy crap i usually watch. but even without an extra point for nostalgia, this is still a genuine masterwork and earning a high rating for its excellently convoluted story, uncanny atmosphere, blood-soaked killing sequences and superb casting choices. in my humble opinion this is actually sergio martino's finest giallo, and that has got to mean something, as "the strange vice of mrs. wardh", "all the colors of the dark", "torso" and "your vice is a locked room and only i have the key" are all top-notch genre achievements as well. but this film is just a tad bit superior with its ultra-compelling plot revolving on an insurance fraud gone madly out of control. following her husband's peculiar death in a plane explosion (!), lisa baumer promptly becomes the suspicious owner of one million dollars and she's eager to leave the country as soon as possible. due to the bizarre circumstances, the insurance company puts their best investigator peter lynch on the case and he follows her to greece. there, lisa becomes the target of many assaults and the case's mysteriousness increases when it turns out several people are hunting for the money. i'm always overly anxious when briefly summarizing gialli because i don't want to risk giving away essential plot elements. in "the case of the scorpion's tail", the events take an abrupt and totally unexpected turn before the story is even halfway, and i certainly don't want to ruin this for you. many red herrings follow after that, but sergio martino always succeeds to stay one step ahead of you and, even though not a 100% satisfying, the denouement is at least surprising. it's also a very stylish film, with imaginative camera-work and excellent music by bruno nicolai. everyone' s favorite giallo muse edwige fenech oddly didn't make it to this cast (she stars in no less than 3 other supreme martino gialli), but anita strindberg ("lizard in a woman's skin", "who saw her die?") is a more than worthy replacement for her. the charismatic and hunky george hilton is reliable as always in his role of insurance investigator and  duh  ladies' man deluxe. if you're a fan of giallo, don't wait as long as i did to watch this film!!!!

well made and stylish while still ultimately making sense this thriller would work better for non giallo fans to get interested in the genre than the later argento entries which go overboard in all directions.for fans of these crazed italian thrillers, they will appreciate george hilton and the turns his character takes and what he's put through. the camera-work is fresh with dashes of graphic violence and odd, but appropriate choices and a good not overblown music score as well. the less you know about the story the better to make it work.the only thing lacking in keeping this from being a great sergio martino directed giallo is that the story doesn't have that extra sexual or psychological, or both element to put it over the top. it's more a routine mystery, the characters are well defined but live or die according to the plot not according to their own virtues and flaws.the recent dvd (2005) release is beautiful looking and definitely the way to see the film, unless these ever get art house screenings which seems unlikely.

"the case of the scorpion's tail" has all the elements that are necessary in order to make an effective giallo movie. the story is standard giallo. when a man dies in a plane crash his wife (ida galli) collects a $1 million life insurance policy. the widow heads to greece for the payout but a series of gruesome murders follow her. there are plenty of suspects, including a tenacious investigator (george hilton) from the insurance agency and the widow's lover. director martino keeps the story moving at a fast pace while the viewer tries to guess the identity of the killer. anita strindberg (also memorable in "your vice is a locked room and only i have the key" and "who saw her die?") is a stunning-looking heroine. it's one of martino's best films.

after dipping his toes in the giallo pool with the masterful film "the strange vice of mrs. wardh" (1971), director sergio martino followed up that same year with what turns out to be another twisty suspense thriller, "the case of the scorpion's tail." like his earlier effort, this one stars handsome macho dude george hilton, who would go on to star in martino's satanic/giallo hybrid "all the colors of the dark" the following year. "scorpion's tail" also features the actors luigi pistilli and anita strindberg, who would go on to portray an unhappy couple (to put it mildly!) in martino's "your vice is a locked room and only i have the key" (1972). (i just love that title!) i suppose edwige fenech was busy the month they shot this! anyway, this film boasts the stylish direction that martino fans would expect, as well as a twisty plot, some finely done murder set pieces, and beautiful athenian location shooting. the story this time concerns an insurance investigator (hilton) and a journalist (strindberg, here looking like farrah fawcett's prettier, smarter sister) who become embroiled in a series of grisly murders following a plane crash and the inheritance of $1 million by a beautiful widow. i really thought i had this picture figured out halfway through, but i was dead wrong. although the plot does make perfect sense in this giallo, i may have to watch the film again to fully appreciate all its subtleties. highlights of the picture, for me, were anita's cat-and-mouse struggle with the killer at the end, a particularly suspenseful house break-in, and a nifty fight atop a tiled roof; lots of good action bursts in this movie! the fine folks at no shame are to be thanked for still another great-looking dvd, with nice subtitling and interesting extras. whotta great outfit it's turned out to be, in its ongoing quest to bring these lost italian gems back from oblivion.

i thought this movie did a down right good job. it wasn't as creative or original as the first, but who was expecting it to be. it was a whole lotta fun. the more i think about it the more i like it, and when it comes out on dvd i'm going to pay the money for it very proudly, every last cent. sharon stone is great, she always is, even if her movie is horrible(catwoman), but this movie isn't, this is one of those movies that will be underrated for its lifetime, and it will probably become a classic in like 20 yrs. don't wait for it to be a classic, watch it now and enjoy it. don't expect a masterpiece, or something thats gripping and soul touching, just allow yourself to get out of your life and get yourself involved in theirs.all in all, this movie is entertaining and i recommend people who haven't seen it see it, because what the critics and box office say doesn't always count, see it for yourself, you never know, you might just enjoy it. i tip my hat to this movie8/10

just the kind of movie i love. some very good british actors as well as the one and only sharon stone. catherine tramell (stone) masterfully manipulates a well educated group of people's lives, playing on their frailties to collect experiences to write a murder mystery book. she plays the female psychopath quite well while using her ample sex appeal to convincingly portray what could be considered one of the ultimate black widows. tramell is use to dark places within society and freely partakes in sadomasochistic flings in the 'never visit after dark' side of town. from the beginning, there is nothing short of an r rating here from the dialog alone. stone could also be described as a sort of female hannibal lecter, an emotionless femme fatal without the meal plan.

really, i think this movie is more an example of an easy target than a truly bad film. in fact, the movie is done very well in many respects and is very entertaining.yes, the script is a little convoluted, but that's the genre. the film has a noirish atmosphere centered around a femme fatale. just like all the old noir classics, this, too, has a screenplay that twists you around so that you don't always know how to make sense of it at first, and it can be a stretch if you think too deeply and try to put all of the pieces together. that's the genre. in general, the script has enough surprises and turns to keep the viewer guessing and, in turn, surprised, without abandoning the viewer.sharon stone is also an easy target. the truth is she looks great and she speaks her double-entendre laden dialog in such a way as to zhuzh it up into something mysterious, sexy and fun.the direction is more than passable, because let's face it--you have to keep an audience interested in the "did she or didn't she?" question for two hours. in addition to a twisty script and a fun performance by stone, this is done effectively through the direction by the creation of a noirish atmosphere that is both dark and very stark and modern at the same time, with straight industrial lines to go along with stone's sexy curves. the frame is always beautiful--press pause anywhere and there is something interesting to the eye.the film also effectively builds on things that were gimmicks in the first film and turns them into something a little more real, particularly the sex. "katherine tramell is bisexual...how shocking!" becomes treated more matter-of-factly here, and typically, the sexuality of the film is used to better effect. it is still titillating, but not done so readily for shock value and buzz as done in the first. i won't say that it isn't still somewhat of a gimmick because, let's face it, this film is supposed to be fun.and a fun film it is. it may be an easy target, but if you watch it for what it is: a noirish, femme-fatale driven, twisty, sexy, did-she-or-didn't-she who-dunnit, you're bound to enjoy it (no pun intended).

yes i'll say before i start commenting, this movie is incredibly underrated.sharon stone is great in her role of catherine trammell as is morrissey as dr glass. he is an analyst sent in to evaluate her after the death of a sports star. glass is drawn into a seductive game that trammel uses to manipulate his mind.the acting was good (apart from thewlis)stone really has a talent with this role. she's slick, naughty and seductive and doesn't look a day older than she did in the first.she really impressed me(like in casino). morrisey was also good. he showed much vunerablitity in a role that needed it. thewlis however was lame. he ruined his character and was over-the-top the whole way. he really sucked.overall, this movie not as good the first but stone is a hoot to watch. just ignore thewlis.

i heard tell that madonna was briefly considered for the catherine tremell role. compared to sharon stone, madonna is too coarse and bauerisch. she's not even close. evil incarnate: sharon stone is a bit long in the tooth, the ameliorative effects of modern chemistry and surgery notwithstanding. however, she artfully treats us to a frightening personification of evil beyond redemption. in the obligatory sex scene, she projects pure, crystalline lust. especially her hooded, luminous eyes and a face flat with pleasure. thanks to brilliant use of lighting and other stage techniques, the harsh lines of age are only occasionally manifest. rather, she seems to have a slight golden glow (yes, yeats). the locations gave us a view of london that is a welcome departure from the usual londonscapes .the catherine character is so powerful and menacing that i thank my lucky stars that our paths never crossed. i wouldn't have had a chance.the original basic instinct; attempts at censorship: i must briefly comment on the original 1992 film, set in san francisco, a beautiful city worthy of this film. it is outstanding, from the music to the locations to the sets, and so on. paul verhoven pulled striking performances out of the cast and crew. that the main baddie was a woman did not escape the scrutiny of bay area gay and lesbian activist groups. attempts at censorship were vehemently denied. swell. these philosophical pygmies demanded editorial control over the script, insisting on re-writes that would promote their political and psychiatrically driven agendas. example: sanctimoniously alleging sexism and misogyny, they demanded that the lead role be switched from bad girl to bad guy. on locations in san francisco, the gentle, tolerant activists did their best to sabotage filming of the scenes with noise, flashing lights and other tactics. the executive producers, mario kassar and andrew vajna, vowed to fight any efforts to restrict the artistic freedom guaranteed in our democracy and obtained restraining orders against the disruptive tactics. blowback: thanks to the fulminating activists, the film got huge national press coverage - millions of dollars worth of free advertising. their calls for viewers to boycott the film resulted in a backlash that had customers waiting in long lines wherever the film was launched. it also received widespread critical acclaim. it was, in the words of the reptilian hackett in network, "a big- titted hit!" sorry, gentle reader; i just couldn't resist that one. yes, it's a gibe.in conclusion, i believe that both basic instinct 1 and 2, with their brilliant musical scores, aesthetics and acting, are works of art that deserve protection under our constitution.

let me be up-front, i like pulp. however it is like one of these "easier dives" that you see at the olympics. it has to be marked down a little because it is easier to give a cheap thrill than drag you inside the world of, say, a late medieval painter.this is only a two hour ghost train ride and while often (or more accurately, most of the time!) ludicrous and unlikely it always goes forward and it always entertains. if not always in the right way. check out the memorable quotes section for a chuckle.(however quite why it has been given a "worst film" razzie is baffling - i bet there was a thousand worse films made in 2006, but this film got the treatment because it was viewed as a fashionable victim.) head case and popular novelist catherine tramell (sharon stone) is now over in london writing a novel, but death and destruction follow her around like flies follow a horse during a spot of hot weather. god heavens, she can't even visit the toilet without tripping over at least two corpses and i am sure if she opened the closet in her vast penthouse flat one would come tumbling out in grand hollywood style.yes, clearly a very dangerous lady to be circling around (if you like your pulse to be above zero), but is she personally responsible? i mean why would anyone put two-and-two together and start thinking she might be a murderer? equally her reaction to such accusations seems very casual. however is this just a personality disorder (some form of b/s risk addiction) or further evidence of her guilt? for reasons i cannot fully understand or explain stone is assigned to psychiatrist michael glass (david morrissey) for evaluation rather than taken down the cells following another "lover found dead in mysterious circumstances". thankfully (for stone) he is far crazier than any of his patients and has a troubled home/working life of his own. in the blink of an eye the relationship changes from doctor to patient and then it is hard to tell because it all becomes something of a revolving blur.in to this heady mix comes roy washburn (a strange welsh sounding david thewlis) who tells the love struck doctor - in his capacity of policeman of many years standing - that the lady in question may be dangerous. i mean, hold the front page. however glass is now too glassy-eyed to realise or care. like a dizzy boxer in front of a prime-time mike tyson he ripe for the big take-down, however not before finding that washburn might have a secret or two himself.now comes millena gardosh (charlotte rampling) a fellow psychiatrist and a rare example (in this film) of someone who isn't barking mad or else a murder suspect. presuming that she has actually watched the finished film she must look back with nostalgia when her underwear came off with the ease of stone's - thankfully (for us at least) those days are long gone. strangely she doesn't think stone is quite as dangerous as everyone else - or else she doesn't think the script is good enough or her cheque large enough to do any proper acting.after several laps of the track roughly outlined above it comes to a climax that mixes provincial rep with a cliff-hanger/twist, that while as farcical as the rest of the movie, gives us enough elbowroom for basic instinct 3 - highly unlikely this may be at this point in time.

this picks up about a year after the events in "basic instinct". catherine tramell (sharon stone) is now in london. while having sex with a soccer player while speeding about in a car going at 110 miles/hour (don't ask) she goes off the road and ends up in the thames. she survives--he doesn't. the police hire psychiatrist michael glass (david morrissey) to see if she's mentally competent to stand trial. naturally she starts playing with his mind instead and plenty of murders and sex follow.this movie was doomed before it even opened. it took forever to get a cast and director, script problems were constant and the cast was not happy (morrissey complained about the movie often). still it's not too bad. it's a lot like the first--there's a lush music score, beautiful locations, plenty of sex and nudity (this had to be edited for an r), a nicely convoluted plot and good acting--but there's no impact. it feels like a retread of the first. people are being killed here with a choker leash (i believe)...just like people were being killed by an ice pick in the first. in one cute moment stone picks up an ice pick and looks at it longingly. she's also playing mind games with a man and might be getting him implicated in murders. the similarities are too apparent.this is also very r rated--there's plenty of explicit sex talk, male nudity (morrissey looks a lot better nude than michael douglas), female nudity (stone still looks great) and some bloody murders. the acting is good across the board. stone is just fantastic here; morrissey looks miserable but is ok; charlotte rampling and david thewlis are good in supporting roles.so--this isn't at all bad but feels like a remake of the first. still i recommend it. people just attacked this because stone is not well liked and they thought it was stupid to do a sequel to "basic..." 14 years after it was made.

just came back from the first showing of basic instinct 2. i was going into it thinking it would be crappy based on preview critics and i was pleasantly surprised! if you liked the original basic instinct i think you will enjoy #2 just as much if not more. great story that always keeps you wondering and thinking. the music is superb, reprising the original's theme. don't go expecting academy award material, go to see it for enjoyment and fun. that's what movies are designed for -- escapism. i can't think of a better way to escape than to escape with sharon stone who is as sexy as she ever was. am thinking about going to see it again this weekend. go see it!

what a thrill ride! twisted and thought provoking. once again, sharon stone pulls off her drop dead gorgeous, spellbinding character of author catherine tramell impeccably. the original basic instinct takes place in san francisco. the sequel takes place in london, where catherine has now relocated. both bustling cities known for excitement, haute couture ~ and a perfect place for someone like catherine trammel to take residency. david morrisey, ("derailed"), plays the smooth role of psychiatrist dr. michael glass. the character david thewlis plays as roy washburn with scotland yard, is a refreshing departure from his role as lupin in the harry potter series. flashy cars, designer clothes, sex, drama, humor,tension, - all of the "basic instincts." mind bending throughout. great screenplay. from the climactic opening scene to the surprise ending, this film is anything but boring! everyone in the theater was glued to the screen.

we start all of our reviews with the following information. my wife and i have seen nearly 100 movies per year for the past 15 years. recently, we were honored by receiving lifetime movie passes to any movie any time at no cost! so we can see whatever we want whenever we want. the point of this is that critics count for zero. your local critics or the national critics like ebert are really no different than you or me. the only difference is that they get to write about the movie and are forced to see hundreds of movies whether they want to or not.therefore, it is our belief that if you get your monies worth for two hours of enjoyment that is good enough for us! we never ever listen or read the critics. we only care about our friends and those who we know like the same things as us. well enough about that.this movie is very good. not just good but very good. the critics are a bunch of morons. just because there is nudity and language they hated it. it was worth the price of ticket and that is all you can ask for. is that not right? every movie cannot be an academy award nominee. sharon stone is gorgeous and does a great job in the movie and it mystifies me as to what in the hell the critics want

i cannot accept the negative comments of other reviewers. they are too critical, perhaps because they are stuck in the past. i would like to see a comment from someone who had never seen basic instinct 1, perhaps someone very young ? i left the cinema feeling glad that i had not been swayed by the imdb reviewers. 14 hours later i am still trying to find flaws in the plot but i cannot think of anything serious. my advice to everyone is see it for yourself and make up your own mind.it follows a similar pattern to basic instinct 1 but the plot is less confused. it still left me wondering at the end but in a more satisfactory way. sharon stone is as sexy and evil as before and wears her 48 years extremely well; this remains her defining role. david morrisey was satisfactory even though he is no michael douglas. of the supporting cast i particularly liked david thewlis as the police detective.

i found this movie to be very good in all areas. the acting was brilliant from all characters, especially ms.stone and morissey. tramell's character just gets smarter and more psychologically twisted by the minute. the plot is interesting even though, this movie is more for the mind playing between the main characters and how catherine continues her writing with new ways and twists for her novels. the setting was also fabulous and the whole atmosphere of the movie was that mysterious,thriller like masterpiece. go see this film now , it deserves better than what it got from the audience ,which was misled by some faulty terrible reviews about the movie(before it even started).....you won't regret it,if you go see it...

i am not a usual commenter on this website but seeing how underrated this movie is, i endeavour myself to write some comments and remarks about it. i had fun watching this movie, perhaps because cat is everything i wish i could be, i am not going to post spoilers or reveal plots but there's are things that i really found amazing, the way she manipulates people it's just so divine. this is a very underrated movie, i lack of arguments here, i usually go enjoy and then speak little about it, when you go to the movies is to have fun, and i really enjoyed the 1h53 i stayed in the dark room. a must seen over and over again until the delight fades away. let's try not be so critical about it. thank you for reading.

i don't understand why the reviews of this film are so universally bad, unless i'm just off my rocker. i found it sick, brilliant, twisted, and psychologically sophisticated. you won't get deeper into the mind of a criminal psychopath in a hollywood film than this one. it has layers within layers, nuanced acting by stone,and a plot that will keep you guessing even after it's over. people need to get over the fact that sharon stone is 48,and that michael douglas isn't in this one. i predict that this film will be a huge hit on dvd once people see it for themselves and stop paying attention to the drivel professional reviewers put out. give it a shot, you might be glad you did!

so, every year there is at least one movie, that hasn't got any chance of being a box office success, because from the moment of production, even before one simple shot is filmed, everybody's picking on this movie... there is a long list of these kind of movies, and in the end, some are really bad (battlefield earth (2000)), some may have their flaws but are quite enjoyable (catwoman (2004), elektra (2005)) and then there are a few, which actually are really great for what they are, but no one admits! i mean, my gosh, just because the wide crowd does have to have a victim each year they can pick on, not everybody has to join them. so yeaaah, maybe those movies aren't perfect, but c'mon, how many movies are? not every movie is supposed to be a new the lord of the rings! not everybody will enjoy these movies, but i bet there are more than who admit they do. hudson hawk (1991), who is just hysterical funny, color of night (1994), which may not be oscar-worthy, but is definitely a not dumb at all thriller with some nice twists, swept away (2002), which i thought is a great mix of sick humor and a beautiful romance, gigli (2003), which was great entertainment with some really memorable lines and not badly acted at all from the former "bennifer"-couple, and this year it's "basic instinct 2"! well, when i heard the rumors of a sequel to one of my favorite movies i was very sceptically, and although i really love sharon stone i stayed sceptically until i've finally seen this movie. and really, i was very positively surprised! i can't understand why it gets such a bad press and such a bad voting here. it never simply copies the original, it has a quite clever story, has tension, action, humor and the absolutely stunning sharon stone reprising the role of her life! with 47 years when shooting the movie she looks hotter than many stars in their 20s, but it's more than her being beautiful, it's brilliantly acted, with all her looks, her famous smile, the way she speaks and moves... from the very first frame she's in you can't take your eyes off of her. it's simply a pleasure to watch her as catherine tramell, and all of the other actors deliver solid performances, too! so i really can't see what's wrong with this movie... it has a dark, thrilling, sexy and gritty look, strong performances, and you never felt bored! maybe the story isn't oscar-caliber, but it never even tries to be! it's an entertainment-movie, and by this standard it absolutely delivers in my opinion! so give it a try!

frankly i don't understand why this movie has been such a big "flop" in publicity. sharon stone certainly has not lost any of her charisma and "touch" since "basic instinct". i voted this film 10 and i tell you why: game opens in london this time. london is the city where catherine tramell has moved since the events in bi1. again she proves to be a mastermind manipulator of her own class -unchallenged. she is "screwing your brain" as catherine with such a skill that in the end you don't be quite sure who is the real villain.as for the technical part of the film: only real setback is the b-rate crew of actors. sharon stone is the only really big name in the cast compared to her and michael douglas etc in the first part. i also think bi2 would have been better had sharon stone been a bit younger but she is still quite stunning in her looks and has only improved concerning her charisma. her b-rate "assistants" are not so bad either although i would have wanted some bigger names to the cast.i think there are quite good improvements in the basic plot. i think this is a far better thriller than many of the run-off-the-mill crap hollywood so readily distributes these days. the plot is great, it's easy to see technically, you don't snore in the half way through the film and most important -the heath is on.

finally, after years of awaiting a new film to continue the sexual mayhem of "basic instinct", we have been given a great sequel that is packed with the right elements needed for a franchise such as this! i remember everything about the original, the steam, the romance, the sex, the interrogation, the music (by the master jerry goldsmith), and everything else from violence and murder, to intense confrontations of all kind! make no mistake, "basic instinct" was a real winner for audiences everywhere. i can remember in 2001 when we were first given the news about such a sequel. five years later, we have it. i never would have thought it to end up such as this. when it was declared a dropped project, time sure couldn't tell if it was ever a real possibility to begin with. well, i guess we now know anything's possible in this case. even if the original director, or writer are not present, all we need is the glamorous, always reliable sharon stone, and we have a done deal! please, hear me out...when people say that this film is bad, i think it is only due to the fact that the style is extreme, and slightly dated. i use the word "dated" only because we have not seen a certain film of the like in many years, and audiences have become adapted to the pointless, boring storytelling seen in other movies that actually make money, and the only reason they make such big numbers is because those films are family friendly. who needs hole some and clean? of course it's a pleasant thing to have, but c'mon! escapism is really seldom these days, and "basic instinct 2" gives us real fans what we've been expecting. this film is not an academy award winner, nor does it try to be. it simply delivers the die-hard fans what they have been expecting. it's a film for fun. movies today seem to take themselves way too seriously, but this film is just loose and fun, not taking itself seriously, not too seriously anyway. that said, i shall evaluate the film.the film is a fast-paced film from the first second, as we see cathernine tremell in a car, speeding at 110 mph-and enjoying lustful thrills doing so. perhaps sex and driving does not mix, because our sexy novelist takes a bad turn and...well, she gets away unharmed, but her studly partner doesn't fare too well. once again, tremell is the primary suspect of the accident, and will be put under analyst's and psychiatrists. dr. michael glass (morrissey) is automatically drawn to to her from the first moment he meets her. like another criminal investigator before him, he is entranced and seduced, slowly, and surely. his denial of it all begins to crumble around him as she weaves a spell only she has the power to do. tramell is possibly more dangerous now, than she was before,but like the first one, we'll never really know, will we? once the seduction is in motion, jealousy, rage, drugs, and a plateful of erotic scenery ensues!this film does not recycle the first one, but rather mentions the previous films incidents briefly from time to time. this is a good thing. it lets us as an audience know that the script has been written to bring the level up a notch or two. sharon stone dazzles us again, as though 14 years has not come to pass. her second run of the deceitful novelist is right on the spot as earlier. just awesome! david morrissey is well cast, and manages pretty well. the fact that a non-popular star was chosen, makes his performance all the more enjoyable because we as an audience have no background on him, just what we see him perform. my final thought-8.5 to 9 out of 10. so it's not the first one, nor can it live up to the first ones prize winning place. it can, however, live up to the standards set by the first film, and it does folks! it does.

i have no idea what people are complaining about. i saw this movie yesterday and i really liked it. stone once again delivered a great character. she was just as good as she was in the first basic instinct. she still has those smart but tricky answers. although sharon may be 48 years old... she looks amazing! i don't care if she's as fake as a barbie. she looks good and that's that. basic instinct 2 gives you everything you want from the first. sex, violence, and a great ending that will leave you thinking and talking about it for hours! half the people commenting on this movie haven't even saw it. so don't listen to them.

i don't understand your objections to this movie. it is a taut, thrilling extension of the character created in "basic instinct". the only part of the story that is the least bit unrealistic, is the fact that sharon stone's character is still alive and not in jail at this late date.spoiler alert: as the movie progresses, we are presented with three theories of what is going on: 1) sharon stone's character is killing all these people because she's crazy (risk addicted); 2) david thewlis' crooked cop is killing these people in order to frame sharon stone's character; 3) david morrissey's analyst is killing these people for revenge. what upsets most people about the movie seems to be that none of these theories are ever explicated as the "real" story. (although the analyst is in a psychiatric care facility for killing the cop; the only killing that occurs on screen.)i think this is a brilliant plot device in the spirit of "2001, a space odyssey." who cares what is real? the blonde really is crazy, the cop really is crooked and the analyst really wants revenge. what's important is the interactions between these and other characters in the story. like real life, everyone is more complicated than anyone thinks and reality is more complicated than a movie. get over it!

i never trust the opinions of anyone regarding a film. that goes for critics as well. sure, if it gets positive reviews that's ok and a plus, but most films that get critical rave i hate. i enjoyed this film for what it was, an entertaining film. it takes you out of your life for a couple hours and into a fictional character...that being catherine trammell. sharon stone is awesome in this role, just like she was in the first one. anyone who says she is horrible in this film must have felt the same in the first one b/c she is back acting the same way she did in basic instinct 1. catherine is hers and she plays her to perfection. her one liners are great, much like in the first one. who can forget in the first film when she tells the cops, "if you're gonna arrest me do it...otherwise get the f**k out of here!" great scene, and believe me, she does it again in this one. i was captivated by her. her outfits, the way she smoked her cigarettes, believe me, its worth the price just to see stone's performance. i cannot wait for this film to be released on dvd, uncut, because i can only imagine how much better it is going to be. and yes, there are lots of twists, as in the first one, including the ending!

i think the reason for all the opinionated diarrhea on this movie is that most people have it out for sharon stone being around 50 and getting naked while playing sexy. no one cared when the golden girls sat around eating cheesecake and discussing their first orgasm, but to see someone post menopausal getting digitally pleased while driving i guess is just too much for some to handle. let's face it, she looks good, she's light years hotter than my mother who's the same age! it's not an oscar or a cult classic like the first, but ever since the turn of the century that's all movie goers seem to expect: a cinematic experience that will touch your soul. as such, it never claims to be either. it's an erotic thriller that is both erotic and thrilling, and is a continuation of a brilliant character that we all love to hate. it's the character of catherine trammell that helped give way for this sequel. fans of the first movie want to see more of that frosty ice queen.the cinematography and art direction were lush and extravagant and made me want to move to britian for sure. the score is amazing as well.sure there's some overacting from some characters but there's some brilliant work from david morrissey who's virtually unknown.there's a setback in that the script is virtually the same as the first movie only plugging in a psychiatrist in place of the cop. as well as the criminal decision of the mpaa to force the movie to be cut down even more which takes away from the guilty-pleasure raunchiness that the story is known for.at the very least it's entertaining and fun to look at it, and that's the movie's only intentions. so if you've got beef with mizz stone, maybe you should actually see the movie and draw your own conclusions before you spew forth your projectile vomit?

it seems that it is becoming fashionable to rip "basic instinct 2," to the point that a significant part of the audience (including critics) found it terrible even before it was released. it seems even more fashionable to trash sharon stone wholike all of usis now fourteen years older, andunlike most of usstill looks wonderful. first comments on this movie were so vicious that i had to see for myself. in my opinion, this sequel is not nearly as good as the original film, but is not as bad as most comments pretend. michael caton-jones is not paul verhoeven, neither henry bean and leora barish are joe eszterhas. "basic instinct 2" is just an entertaining, average thriller, and besides the addition of jerry goldsmith original score, keeps little resemblance to its predecessor. even stone gives her character a different dimension, creating a lustful, devilish catherine trimell, who can perfectly well rank among other monsters like hannibal lecter. she is an intelligent actress who is not afraid of taking risks and can play with camp at her leisure. unfortunately, she seems to be the main target for those who enjoy trashing this flick. she became too successful, too much of a main icon, and like all those actors who have reached that level, her time has arrived and she is now bound to be destroyed by hollywood audiences.the rest of the cast is outstanding, giving performances that are far better than the material deserves. david morrissey is a much better actor and by far more interesting than michael douglas: his acting is flawless, giving a dense, complex dimension to an otherwise one dimensional character. since he has more screen time and is the axis of the movie, he can keep your attention from beginning to end.i am not recommending "basic instinct 2" as a great movie; i am just expressing my disagreement with most of the comments on this site and my conviction that agendas other than the movie itself are shaping the opinion of most spectators.

well i am going to go against the grain on this film so it seems. being a self confessed horror fan i sat down to this not quite knowing what to expect. after 2 or 3 mins i actually found myself scared (quite rare). the film obviously has a small budget and is set around charing cross station but the films lack of money does not distract from the story. yes the story is a bit far fetched and doesn't explain itself very well but the creep is a class act and proceeds to slash and dismember anything that comes its way. message for ladies !!! there are certain parts of the film you should close your eyes at or at least cross your legs !! you will understand when you see it.all in all a good film and it makes a change to see a good slasher movie that actually scares

- small spoiler herein! - when i looked at the votes for "creep" today, i was surprised about so many imdb-users rating this movie "1". i am wondering: what do people expect of such kind of movie? are there so many people watching a movie without knowing anything about it?"creep" is a horror movie and it is a pretty good one! this automatically means: it has a absurd story full of holes, outrageous hazards and simple one-side-characters. so why complain about it? just take some popcorn and coke, make yourself comfortable in your seat and then... ...enjoy to be scared to death! the first 60 minutes when there is almost nothing else than kate and a lonely subway station are incredibly scaring. there is suspense and fear in every corner of the screen and you will give some jerks just because of a sudden sound of a blinking neon lamp in the back of you. (in my opinion the sound editor did the best job in this movie.)when kate meet her pursuer the quality of the movie drops but it still doesn't become a bad movie. the second part of the movie is not scary at all, but the gore effects are well done and the story is quite well developed. (...as long as you keep in mind that it is a horror movie you are watching and not the discovery channel!) so, if you want to make yourself a very, very scaring hour. just watch the first hour of "creep" and then leave the cinema or turn of your tv. you know the rest of the story anyway, don't you? the bad guy will die and kate will be the only survivor. but even if you watch this movie up to its end, you will not be disappointed....and if you want to push anxiety to the next level, do what i did after watching this movie: leave the cinema by dark night, go to the next subway station and take the last train home...

christopher smith is an obvious horror fan and this is made clear in his debut horror flick 'creep'. 'creep' although a little bit loose on information, proves itself worthy of a true gory classic. a little less glossy than recent us horrors (amityville horror remake, house of wax remake) this dark and gruesome tale follows kate (franka potente) through the labyrinth of underground tunnels and disused railways as she, and a number of others along the way, try and flee a murderous attacker. though some bad reviews have slated this film, i truly believe that on a tight budget and for a uk production from first time director smith that 'creep' truly does live up to its name. it delivers fast-paced gory action more or less from the beginning, sometimes too fast as the story is patchy in some areas, but with a perfect location and the best character-reaction-at-the-end i've seen in a while, 'creep' delivers some scenes that are definitely the stuff of nightmares.

this film exceeded my expectations. i thought and have heard that it was going to be rubbish, so i wasn't expecting much. however, i was pleasantly surprised. at first i didn't take well to the lead girl and didn't really care if she lived or died. after a while she definitely grew on me and became a likable character. it's not just some slasher film where people die for no reason. there is a background story that only takes a few seconds of the film, but explains a lot. i would recommend this film to everyone. if you're not sure just watch it anyway, it's only an hour and a half of your life. you're going to live for 80 years anyway.

firstly, i would like to point out that people who have criticised this film have made some glaring errors. anything that has a rating below 6/10 is clearly utter nonsense.creep is an absolutely fantastic film with amazing film effects. the actors are highly believable, the narrative thought provoking and the horror and graphical content extremely disturbing. there is much mystique in this film. many questions arise as the audience are revealed to the strange and freakish creature that makes habitat in the dark rat ridden tunnels. how was 'craig' created and what happened to him?a fantastic film with a large chill factor. a film with so many unanswered questions and a film that needs to be appreciated along with others like 28 days later, the bunker, dog soldiers and deathwatch.look forward to more of these fantastic films!!

creep is a straight up serious horror film set in real time that wants nothing more than to just show people get attacked in a empty subway platform by a mutant for 85 minutes. and it does just that. nothing more, nothing less. director christopher smith draws out the drama a far as he plausibly can by introducing a series of characters that would actually have a reason to be in the subway after it is locked. he also leaves the origins of the titular creep deliberately vague (unlawful experiments happening in the 60s underground are hinted at) and that little bit of mystery works for the most part. sadly, he undermines himself toward the end by actually holding back from a twist ending where more genetic malformations would appear (they are hinted at as well). yes, you heard me right - i wanted a clichéd twist ending! franka (run lola run) potente is good as the terrorized female lead and the rest of the cast is fine.

"creep" is a new horror film that, without a doubt, will please many genre fans simply because it's so down to the point and unscrupulous! it has many genuine shock-moments, a whole lot of repulsive gore-sequences and a rare claustrophobic tension. what it hasn't got is logic and a solid plot but, to tell you the truth, that didn't bother me for one second. when the end-credits start to roll, there are still many unanswered questions to ponder on but director/writer christopher smith (in his debut) seemly preferred to fully focus on tension and adrenalin-rushing action instead of long, soporific speeches and theories that could explain the existence of the "creep" in the london subway. the story revolves on the young and haughty kate, who leaves her own party in order to go and meet the famous actor george clooney who's in town to present his new film. she falls asleep in the subway, misses the last train and she finds herself trapped in the underground subway network. things really get terrifying when she encounters a mad-raving lunatic who lives in the old tunnels and kills/kidnaps people to experiment upon. even experienced homeless people, security guards or sewer-workers can't rescue her from this ravenous monster! i really dug the creep-character! he's nauseating, hideous and primitive but in a strange way fascinating. christopher smith only leaves us clues and hints, and it's merely up to the viewer to guess this vile creature's origin and background. i reckon this isn't very original, and i'm sure many people won't appreciate the lack of content, but i forgive smith and i think it's better this way than going over the top completely, "jeepers creepers"-style (that particular film started out great as well, but as soon as the creeper's identity was clear it turned into a very mediocre horror effort). the obvious aspect-to-love is the outrageous gore! there's some severe butchering going on in this film and the make-up, as well as the sound effects, are very convincing. the ominous setting of the abandoned london subway during night is effectively used. there also is some acting-talent present in this film, with franka potenta (run lola run) returning to graphic horror nearly five years after the cool german film "anatomie". creep is terrific entertainment when you're in an undemanding mood and christopher smith definitely is a director i'll keep an eye on. make sure you don't have to take the subway right after watching this film...

star rating: ***** unmissable **** very good *** okay ** you could go out for a meal instead * avoid at all costs stuck-up career bitch kate (franka potente) heads to the london underground to catch a train to take her to meet george clooney. however, after a hectic working day, she dozes off and awakens to find herself alone in a deserted platform. as she races off on a situation taking her from one daunting encounter to the next, however, she learns of something far more malign and evil waiting for her out there.in a lot of ways, the british film industry is really becoming one on it's own, especially in the horror thriller department, with films such as creep and the successful 28 days later (which this has strong echoes of in parts.) in terms of succeeding in what it set out to do, creep does cleverly create (especially at the beginning) a scary sense of isolation and tense fear. at it's clever running time, it also (though inadvertently, i suspect) manages to pay homage to some of those pioneer high-concept horror films from the 70s that rely on shocks and fear through-out without really focusing too much on character development and such.of it's weaknesses, some scenes are a little predictable, but these don't really succeed in making it less scary or effective in any way. i'm not sure if the ending was meant to make it come off as some sort of morality play and it's not exactly perfect, but it's certainly very effective and serves it's basic function very well. ***

i just saw this film last night at toronto film festival where it was playing under the midnight madness section. to tell you the truth, the only reason why i went for this movie was because it shared its name with the radiohead song, and also because my friend had bought the tickets so i really didn't have a choice :-d i went in expecting it to be something like the silence of the lambs, but it turned out to be semi-gore flick. somebody has already mentioned that none of the characters are likable, and that is absolutely correct. i really couldn't care less if potente's character got her entrails ripped out by the creep. i was rooting for the homeless to make it out alive with potente's character getting her just desserts. christopher smith has certainly done a great job with the visual aspect of the film. however, the story is rather weak, but then again the whole point of the movie was to scare the crap out of you and it did that quite effectively. the score by a bristol band called the insects was top notch. that, more than anything else, really scared the crap out of me.the director was a really decent chap and was quite entertaining during the q&a session. i really do hope he gets to make better films in the future.this one is strictly for genre fans, but i'd recommend non-fans to give this a try anyway. it was a fun ride.

this is good little shocker; not perfect by any stretch of the imagination, but tight, competent and disturbing. an excellent example of a simple idea developed into a compelling 90 minute script.the set up requires no bells and whistles, no lengthy exposition or wordy back story; kate (franka pontente), a young german business woman living in london, drifts off whilst waiting for the last tube train. she awakens to find the place deserted, but quickly comes to realise that she is far from alone. someone, or something, is down there with her and it's intentions are wholly malicious.in fact she encounters several other characters in her quest to survive, including a lecherous work colleague, a homeless couple and a caged sewage worker, all of whom add pace and substance to the plot. there is a slightly awkward gear change somewhere in the middle of the film when tension thriller mutates into gore fest, but nothing so clumsy as to slow the hectic pace. for those of you with weak dispositions this is likely to be a harrowing ride; for those of you who relish a bit of well executed carnal mayhem this should press all the right buttons.the climax of the film is perhaps less successful than the main body of the film, but it is punctuated with a nice moment of unexpected social commentary which provides a satisfying conclusion.some may find themselves feeling somewhat cheated of a clear explanation as to the exact nature and history of the threat encountered by kate and her confederates, however, for me this was not the case. a horror film writer should not need feel compelled to dot every i and cross every t, in the same way a writer of political thrillers might be expected to. there are enough clues here to give you a very pretty clear idea of what brought this evil into existence, making a detailed and conclusive solution superfluous. the retention of a certain sense of mystery is to be welcomed and reminds us that in this film the ride was always going to be more important than the exact destination.my understanding is that the budget for this film was, to say the least, minimal, in which case our applause for this british horror should be all the louder, for at no point does one have the impression of corners being cut or effects failing to deliver.if this sounds like your kind of film then it probably is. buy a ticket and climb aboard.

fearful symmetry is a pleasant episode with a few faults. the first thing about the episode is that it takes place near mountain home air force base in southwest idaho. season one's 'deep throat' takes place near ellens air base, also in southwest idaho. i'm wondering if the air force bases are one and the same but they decided to use the real name in fearful symmetry. mulder and scully have some good dialog, always a plus. ed meecham, the zoo keeper, reminds me of cranky, old school teachers. they must have liked children at one time, you just can't imagine how. just like he must have cared more for animals at one point. i liked the concept of the episode, but i felt it had some inconsistencies. if aliens are so adept at abducting humans and returning them safely, why can't they put the animal back in the right place? and the aliens are just now having problems returning the animals? i don't buy mulder's theory of a problem with the space-time continuum. as if he's an expert on that. i also thought jayne atkinson's performance as willa ambrose was not well done. besides those nitpicks, i still enjoyed this episode because of the intriguing concept of aliens harvesting animal dna as well as human dna.

it's easy to forget, once later series had developed the alien conspiracy plot arc more, that once upon a time, the x-files' wrote episodes like "genderbender" and "fearful symmetry", where the aliens weren't all little grey men or mind-control goop, but could actually surprise you."fearful symmetry" starts with an "invisible elephant" - actually an elephant somehow dislocated in space and time, not a mile away from "the walk" - and ends with a pregnant gorilla being abducted. and it's very much an episode of wonderful moments. the subplot is annoyingly worthy - yeah, we get it, zoos are bad except when they're not - but the ideas that within it are fascinating, visually powerful, and very memorable, and it covers an angle on abduction that is largely overlooked - why *would* humans be the only things that aliens are interested in?in the end, it wasn't an instant classic, but it was enjoyable viewing while it lasted, again, very memorable, and mainly, it's something that you couldn't imagine many other shows doing.

whilst it is universally acknowledged that fearful symmetry was heavily influenced by the kolchak episode they have been, they are, they will be, whether this makes it a rip-off or a homage is an altogether more controversial point. as a huge fan of both series i subscribe to the latter belief, although the less charitable may not do. james whitmore was brave to take on the task of directing such a difficult episode, invisible elephants and gorilla suits sounds like a recipe for disaster, but he pulls it off with style, the teaser being an absolute gem. lance guest does a great job of making a credible character out of kyle lang and jack rader seethes with menace as ed meecham. forget fearful symmetry's dubious originality and just enjoy it as a deeply satisfying x file.

viewing "impulse" is a very satisfying experience. unpredictable films are such a rarity, when one comes along like "impulse", it is something to embrace. the script is logical, and extremely creative. meg tilly, tim matheson, hume cronyn, and bill paxton, give believable performances. this could have played out like a zombie movie, but "impulse" is far superior to any boring "zombiefest", and originality shines through in almost every scene. you get the feeling that something like this could have actually happened, even though the script is pure fiction. from the "grabber" opening till the credits roll, you will be fascinated. very entertaining and definitely recommended. - merk

im not a big tim matheson fan but i have to admit i liked this film.it was dark and a small bit disturbing with some scenes a bit edgy,i don't know were to classify this film its a bit sf and a bit horror slash thriller.i saw this at about 2.00am or so on my local channel there was nothing else on so i decided to watch it.if you have not seen this film id recommend it its not really that bad,the characters are interesting enough but not really explored to their full potential which could have made this film even more better.i don,t know if this film went to the cinema but it felt like it was made for tv or went straight to video,i for one would buy this if it,s on dvd it fits well with my type of film and has a small bit of the x-files story attached to it.government undertakings or shifty corporations involved in dodgy shadowy dealings.overall a good film.

i saw this movie back in 1984, we first started watching "this is spinal tap" and after 5 minutes we were ready to fall asleep. so we went instead to see this movie. if you have any conspiracy theory's going around in your head, you will want to watch this one. the question you have to ask yourself when watching this movie are: do you think the government would be capable of doing this? (in my opinion there is no doubt that they could) but i don't want to give out too much information as that would be a spoiler and i think that you should view the movie for yourself.but, just to let you know, we still talk about this movie 20 years later and trying to explain it to people is not the easiest thing in the world to do.

i saw this movie on tv late one night years ago, but it was a disturbing experience that has stayed with me to this day.the premise may seem a bit unoriginal - due to an earthquake, a hidden underground store of a toxic nerve agent in the hills above a small town is breached, and a microscopic amount of the substance finds its way into their food supply. the inhabitants of the town begin to lose their ability to exercise restraint over every whim and base desire that floats through all of our minds from time to time, and that normally we know we simply must not act upon.the pace of the movie is slow, but for me that only added to the creeping unease as the townspeople's behaviour slowly starts to unravel. there are several surreal and very unsettling scenes that have remained etched in my memory all this time.it raises interesting questions about what we could all be capable of if we gave in to our most feral instincts. did i enjoy it? i'm not sure 'enjoy' is the right word. did it make me think? definitely. i'm still thinking about it. scary stuff.

ok, first of all, ignore the last person' review. they admit to falling asleep through it so it's no wonder they didn't understand what was going on!!! as thriller/horrors go, this film ain't too bad, it is certainly very watchable. right from the opening scenes you get a general idea exactly what is going to be the cause of all the craziness that follows, and come the end you are proved right with everything being made clear.i enjoyed this movie, it was quite eerie at times and as old films go it was passable. great to watch late at night! i give it a generous 7 out of 10.

i think that that creator(s) of this film's concept deserves a lot more accolades than they probably ever received. it isn't an oscar caliber film of course, but, at least for me, this film has left a lasting impression since i first saw it back in 1984 (in the theatre). i don't think this is (and hope it isn't) a spoiler, but: imagine acting on your impulses. doing the first thought that pops into your head, saying the first words on your lips... no restraint, no conscious, nothing holding you back from saying or doing the things that, as intelligent adults, we know we shouldn't actually say or do. if anything, this film only scratches the surface - it doesn't go as far as it could go. in a time when hollywood seems obsessed with remaking older "classics" to try and cash in on today, wouldn't it be nice to see them remake an older film of modest success, for the sake of taking it to the next level? a bit further, or even to explore what the original crew didn't, wouldn't or couldn't deal with 20 years ago? that's just my opinion anyway. :o)

this episode is certainly different than all the other columbos, though some of the details are still there, the setup is completely different. that makes this columbo unique, and interesting to watch, even though at times you might wish for the old columbo. i liked it a lot, but then, i like almost any columbo.

fatal error is a really cool movie! robert wagner, antonio sabato jr., janine turner, jason schombing, malcolm stewart, and david lewis are in the film. the movie's cast all acted really well. robert wagner played his role good. the relationship between saboto jr. and turner was a nice one. there maybe a big age difference there but they are a unique couple. the two actors really worked together rather well. the music in the film is really good by ron ramin and fits the flick very well. there is a bunch of stuff that happens in the movie which you don't know what is going on and what is going to happen next and this movie keeps you going from beginning to end. if you like robert wagner, antonio sabato jr., and janine turner then watch this excellent movie!

i really liked this movie despite one scene that was pretty bad (the one when samantha and nick are flirting in the hotel). the story is so cool and can't wait to read the book! bravo for the super station!

the way this story played out and the interaction between the 2 lead characters may lead me to believe that if the x-files continues without mulder and scully, these would be a pretty good replacement duo.

the movie wasn't all that great. the book is better. but the movie wasn't all that bad either. it was interesting to say the least. the plot had enough suspense to keep me watching although i wouldn't say i was actually interested in the movie itself. janine turner and antonio sabato jr are both gorgeous enough to keep you watching :)they have a few cute scene's that should appeal to the romantic's. overall i'd give the movie a 7 or 8. it wasn't bad, just a little lacking plot wise.

and a made for tv movie too, this movie was good. the acting in it and the plot was just so great. this one of the only movies i've seen that i felt warped my mind because after seeing it i was afraid of reaper coming to kill me through my computer screen. there were just a few minor things wrong with this movie, but it's very easily over looked.antonio sabbato jr did an excellent role in this movie along with janine turner and robert wagner. this movie just has so much suspense and it made me wanting more because i never thought a low budget tv movie could be so powerful. after viewing this i read the novel this movie was based on (four times) and it too kicked was great. if you ever see this movie come on tv, i'd watch it. the effects in this movie were pretty well done, i honestly don't know what a live calcifying human would look like but with the way the fx team did this movie i was impressed and all it shows is that all these bad made for tv movies out there with low budgets shouldn't suck so bad.watch it. it's really good, no really, it is!

i'm writing this 9 years after the final episode was aired and i am still reeling from the impact wildside has had on me.it has effectively gone where numerous other cop dramas have gone and succeeded. but it took it further and didn't stray from the realism of the streets, often portraying life events and characters down to a t.i am sorely missing this series, instead we have are given the stupid "underbelly" which is over dramatised and acted creating a whole load of american-esquire garbage.wildside stayed true to the uniqueness of sydney and for that i am truly indebted to this wonderful series. the acting was a-grade and it's a shame to see only a few actors have furthered their career whilst others have faded into obscurity.i don't want australia to forget this wonderful piece of their television history, thus i ask the abc to release the complete series on dvd, not the first three. give this series the ending it deserves.

in the ten years since wildside aired, nothing has really come close to its quality in local production. this includes the two series of the enjoyable but overrated underbelly, which have brought to life events in the recent criminal history of both sydney and melbourne. the miniseries blue murder (which also starred tony martin, but as someone on the other side of the law) may be the exception.wildside is currently being repeated late at night on the abc. having not watched the show in quite a while, i'm still impressed by its uncompromising story lines and very human characters. the cast is excellent: tony martin as a detective haunted by the disappearance of his son, rachael blake (who later hooked up with martin in real life) as a community worker struggling with alcoholism, and alex dimitriades as a young cop whose vice is gambling. equally good support roles are provided by aaron pederson, jessica napier, mary coustas (yes, effie herself), and a young abbie cornish.the abc inexplicably released only the first three episodes on dvd a couple of years ago. the logic of this sort of marketing is beyond me, but i'm guessing it may have something to do with licensing disagreements with the original producers.a great series which has aged remarkably well. here's hoping the abc's dvd department gets its act together.(according to a moderator on an abc message board, some sort of further dvd release is due in december 2009)

this is widely viewed in australia as one of the best cop dramas ever produced here ... and for my money, anywhere. it's raw, gritty, the characters are real, the situations are believable and it doesn't shy away from the darker side of life confronted every day by cops and the criminals, victims, lawyers and other people in their various orbits.this show ran for 2 seasons and was discontinued because the show didn't sell well overseas. we are all sorry for its loss: however, like fawlty towers, we will be able to revere this as a limited-length series of uniformly high quality.

this was a strong poirot/suchet, television mystery selection. the characters were vivid and well-acted. the plot and the main setting--a student hostel-- were excellent. japp was nothing special but for me did not distract from story. one significant point, many poirot watchers don't recognize good acting or good characterization. i also think they are rather harsh in their judgments of some of the poirot mysteries. finally, i have read few christie novels--none in recent years-- and find it annoying that so many viewers are upset about changes from the novel. please, viewers, consider what is presented to you on film, not what you think should be there. that said, the poirot mysteries vary in quality, but not as much as reviewers and raters would have you believe. with the singular exception of the five little pigs which was fabulous in plot, character and theme, the longer poirot films are neither that good or that bad. for the record, i have seen all the longer poirot/suchet films. finally, films without lemon, hastings, and/or japp are neither good nor bad because of their absence. there presence, however, is either obtrusive (almost always with japp) or irrelevant with hastings. lemon is in the middle.

hickory dickory dock was a good poirot mystery. i confess i have not read the book, despite being an avid agatha christie fan. the adaptation isn't without its problems, there were times when the humour, and there were valiant attempts to get it right, was a little overdone, and the events leading up to the final solution were rather rushed. i also thought there were some slow moments so some of the mystery felt padded. however, i loved how hickory dickory dock was filmed, it had a very similar visual style to the brilliant abc murders, and it really set the atmosphere, what with the dark camera work and dark lighting. the darker moments were somewhat creepy, this was helped by one of the most haunting music scores in a poirot adaptation, maybe not as disturbing as the one in one two buckle my shoe, which gave me nightmares. the plot is complex, with all the essential ingredients, though not as convoluted as buckle my shoe,and in some way that is a good thing. the acting was very good, david suchet is impeccable(i know i can't use this word forever but i can't think of a better word to describe his performance in the series) as poirot, and phillip jackson and pauline moran do justice to their integral characters brilliantly. and the students had great personalities and well developed on the whole, particularly damian lewis as leonard. all in all, solid mystery but doesn't rank along the best. 7.5/10 bethany cox

a series of random, seemingly insignificant thefts at her sister's boarding house has miss lemon quite agitated. a ring, light bulbs, a rucksack, a lighter, a stethoscope, a shoe  there seems to be no rhyme or reason to any of it. miss lemon asks her employer, the great belgian detective hercule poirot, to look into the matter. but what poirot sees is something far more sinister than miss lemon could have imagined. and poirot's fears are confirmed when one of the students living in the boarding house if found murdered. it's up to poirot to bring a killer to justice.hickory dickory dock is a solid, but not spectacular, entry in the long running poirot series. i appreciate how faithful the script is to agatha christie's original story. i realize that certain liberties had to be taken, but i appreciate the effort nonetheless. the major points of the mystery are all there  the petty thefts, the boarding house, the students, the ripped rucksack, and, of course, poirot's ability to see something sinister going on before it actually happens. with a few exceptions, the cast of students is almost as i pictured them. damian lewis and jessica lloyd standout among the group. as mush as i always enjoy david suchet's poirot, i get a real kick out of the episodes with phillip jackson's inspector japp and pauline moran's miss lemon. this episode is a real treat as miss lemon gets more screen time than usual. finally, i enjoyed the use of the ever present mouse as an observer of the activities in the hostel. it's a fun little play on the hickory dickory dock title.i realized while re-watching hickory dickory dock just what a tremendous influence agatha christie's work was on the highly stylized italian mystery films, or gialli, of the 60s and 70s. take the murder of mrs. nicoletis as an example. if you were to bump up the graphic nature of the scene, you would have something straight out of an early 70s giallo. in fact, the entire plot of hickory dickory dock could have been used in a giallo. it's just convoluted and interesting enough to have worked.

this story was never among my favourites in christie's works so i was pleasantly surprised to quite enjoy this adaptation. the mouse motif was effective if a little overdone, the bones of the story are there although more emphasis is placed on the 'crime in the past' subplot. the students were all pretty much as i imagined them although its a pity they weren't a more cosmopolitan bunch - perhaps the revised thirties setting didn't allow for that! i thought some very daring risks were taken with the filming; perhaps its because i've not long re-read the book but it seemed pretty obvious to me who the murderer was from their appearance in some reveal shots quite early on.humour was much more prevalent in these early poirots. sometimes it works but i found a lot of it rather heavy handed in this episode (though i did smile at the 'lemon sole' throwaway line). altogether though, a solid entry in the series though not one of the best.

it all begins with a series of thefts of seemingly unrelated objects in a hostel for students on hickory road, london. concerned for her sister, who is the housekeeper there, miss lemon asks hercule poirot to look into the matter. he agrees, but soon the stakes get higher when a girl, who had admitted that she was responsible for most (not all) of the thefts, is found murdered."hickory dickory dock" is a solid brain exercise, without being as mind-numbingly complicated as "one, two, buckle my shoe". murder, theft and diamond smuggling are the crimes involved, and the final twist that ties everything together is revealed only in the last 2 minutes! the characters are interesting, particularly the psychology student colin mcnabb and the mysterious american girl sally finch, inspector japp has his funny moments (in perhaps the closest this series has come to "toilet humor"), and miss lemon gets a more integral part to the story than usual. (***)

i loved dedee pfeiffer (is that spelled right?) in cybil. haven't seen her for awhile and forgot how much i missed her. i thought she did a great job in this. the supporting cast was pretty good too. in some angles, the daughter even looked like a young nicole kidman. the abductor was pretty creepy and the story generally had some good twists. the young boyfriend was a hottie. i thought the husband definitely had something to do with it for sure.just got the lifetime movie network for christmas and am loving these movies. kept my interest and i'll watch it again when they rerun it. can anyone else recommend any similar movies to this? you can post on the board or send me a private email if you want. thanks in advance. aboutagirly.

i'm a fan of tv movies in general and this was one of the good ones. the cast performances throughout were pretty solid and there were twists i didn't see coming before each commercial. to me it was kind of like medium meets csi.did anyone else think that in certain lights, the daughter looked like a young nicole kidman? are they related in any way? i'd definitely watch it agin or rent it if it ever comes to video.dedee was great. haven't seen in her in a lot of things and she did her job very convincingly.if you're into to tv mystery movies, check this one out if you have a chance.

emilio miraglio's "the red queen kills seven times" (1972) is just about the most perfect example of a giallo that i have ever seen, mixing all the requisite elements into one sinister stew indeed. first of all, and of paramount importance for me, it has a complex, twisty plot that ultimately makes perfect sense, and the killer here does not come completely out of left field at the end. the story, concerning a series of gruesome murders (you already know how many from the film's title, right?) that takes place in seeming fulfillment of an ancient prophecy concerning two sisters, is an involving one, and the murderer, a red-cloaked figure with the insane laugh of a madwoman, is both frightening and memorable. every great giallo requires some lovely lead actresses, and here we have quite an assortment, headed by the ridiculously beautiful barbara bouchet as one of the two sisters and, in one of her earlier roles, sybil danning, as a lustful tramp at barbara's fashion house. another necessary ingredient of a superior giallo is a catchy, hummable score, and bruno nicolai provides one for this film that should stay with you for days. gorgeous scenery? check again. filmed largely in wurzburg, germany, the picture is a treat for the eye indeed. ok, ok, but what about those murders? after all, isn't that what gialli are all about? well, i'm pleased to report that most viewers should be well satisfied with the various knifings, shootings, impalements and other carnage that this film tastefully dishes out...not to mention the crypts, freaky dream sequence, rats and bats (and lots of 'em, too!), the drug references, a rape scene, the obligatory red herrings and, in the person of ugo pagliai, a hunky leading man for the female viewers. as i said, a perfect giallo. and even better, this dvd is from the fine folks at no shame, and you know what that means: a gorgeous print and loads of extras, to boot! thanks, guys!

i have to say, seventeen & missing is much better than i expected. the perception i took from the previews was that it would be just humdrum but i was pleasantly surprised with this impressive mystery.dedee pfeiffer is emilie, a mom who insists her daughter, lori (tegan moss), not attend a so-called graduation party one weeknight, but lori ignores her mother's wishes and takes off for the party anyway. when lori does not come home, emilie knows something is wrong and she begins to have visions of her daughter and the events that led to her disappearance.seventeen & missing is better than so many other tv movies of this type, as it is not so predictable. pfeiffer is the reason to see this movie, and most of it comes off as believable. this lmn original movie premiered last night. 10/10

this was one of those wonderful rare moments in t.v. that i wished i'd captured forever on vhs. won't it ever air again? it was so creative and i remember it was aired once a week and the wait for the next episode was excruciating. i want to see it all again. i want to buy it. i want what i can't have. not even on ebay. so, having ranted enough it was, by far, one of the best series the 80's put out. it should be considered a classic but is lost in space. at least this website and wikipedia mention it. sob.it was utterly appealing, funny, flirtatious, and original. maybe not like sherlock holmes original, i actually think quintin is far more attractive and has a better chance with his leading lady than the stiff and chalky holmes ever could.

q.e.d. was a brilliant tv series and it truly was one of the very few worth scheduling for! i suspect that in this era of tivo and recording devices that it would fare much better than it did in 1982. i am eagerly awaiting its availability on dvd!while it is true that it has some in common with other television shows like the wild, wild west, the bearcats and the adventures of brisco county, jr., all of which i am a huge fan of,q.e.d. had a much more intellectual quality to it. it did not suffer for that, however - the dialog was witty and the action was high. the show ran in the uk as mastermind, and it did have something of the bbc feel to it, but with better production values than bbc typically had in that era.i was a nineteen year old lad when this series ran initially, and had much too much to do in my life to make time for television. i remember my dear mother, however, calling me to remind me that q.e.d. was on, and we would sit on the phone and watch it together. wonderful memories.truly, q.e.d. is a sad loss and, if it could be done with the same quality and values today, i would love to see it make a return.

everything i remember about it was excellent... great cast with sam waterston & george innes (before he became more familiar to us audiences).... excellent scripts as only the english can do - edwardian sherlock holmes/lord peter wimsey/albert campion type mysteries, but with a jules verne twist. sort of like macgyver would have been had it been in england 80 years earlier... right at the beginning of the scientific/technological revolution of the 20th century.i've often wondered if the creators of macgyver saw these shows. macgyver first aired about 3 years later.i still have 1 episode on a much deteriorated tape.

i can't remember many details about the show, but i remember how passionate i was about it and how i was determined not to miss any episodes. unfortunately at the time we had no vcr, so i haven't ever seen the series again. however i can remember strongly how i felt while watching it and how thrilled i was every time it came on. sam waterstone was my favorite actor these days (i think i was almost in love) and he remains one of my favorite actors to the day, mostly due to his appearance in the series. i would gladly buy/steal/download this series, i think i would go to great lengths in order to see it again and revisit a childhood long gone... any ideas? does anybody knows of a site devoted to the series or has the episodes on tape from their first airing?

and here's yet another piece of evidence to claim that we should all worship the italian giallo and acknowledge it to be the absolute most unique sub genre in horror. emilio miraglia's "the red queen kills seven times" is a totally mesmerizing wholesome of original plotting, stylish production values, enchanting music, great acting talents and inventively gory murder sequences. it's a fabulous giallo (released in the golden year 1972) that belongs in the top-five of every fan of italian cinema. the storyline doesn't just introduce your average black-gloved & sexually frustrated killer, but blends good old-fashioned revenge motives with the macabre myth of the murderous "red queen". at young age, their grandfather tells the constantly fighting siblings kitty and evelyn about an uncanny lady who, once every 100 years on april 6th, kills seven people of which her sister is the inevitable last victim. fourteen years later, kitty has become the successful choreographer of a prominent modeling agency (even sharing her bed with the general manager) when suddenly the killing spree begins. sister evelyn would be the obvious culprit, but she moved to the states recently... or has she? complex yet compelling and involving red herrings are thrown at you every couple of minutes and the red queen character is definitely the most fascinating killer in giallo-history. her face can never be seen, but she wears a blood red cloak and produces the most ghastly laugh whenever she made a new victim. she's not exactly gentle either, as her victims are barbarically stabbed with a dagger, dragged behind cars and even impaled on fences! that latter one is truly one of the greatest (= most gruesome) acts of violence i've ever seen! what more could you possibly request? some classy and tasteful nudity, perhaps? the gorgeous female actresses got this more than covered, among them barbara bouchet and a young sybil danning. emilio miraglia isn't the most famous giallo-director, as he only made this one and the equally recommended "the night evelyn came out of the grave", but his influence and importance should not be forgotten.

there are some films that every horror fan owes himself (or herself) to see, and emilio miraglia's "la dama rossa uccide sette volte" aka. "the red queen kills seven times" (1972) is definitely one of them. with gialli and gothic tales being my two favorite sub-genres in horror, i was looking forward to seeing this film for quite a while, and even though my expectations were high, this masterpiece surpassed my greatest hopes. miraglia's earlier giallo, "the night evelyn came out of the grave" (1971) was already a creepy and highly atmospheric film which successfully mixed giallo with gothic horror, but it couldn't possibly compare to this instant personal favorite. "the red queen kills seven times" is, hands down, one of the most unique and overwhelming italian horror films ever made, and no lover of the genre could possibly consider missing it. an incredibly mesmerizing giallo with strong gothic elements, "the red queen" delivers everything one could hope for in either sub-genre: an inventive and incredibly compelling plot, spine-chilling suspense, a sublimely uncanny setting and a genuinely creepy atmosphere, eerily lush colors, stylish murders, a brilliant score, and, not least, a ravishing female cast lead by the stunningly beautiful barbara bouchet - this film simply is one of the most outstanding combinations of elegant beauty and pure terror.the film starts out incredibly in a beautiful gothic castle in germany. as little girls, kitty wildenbrück and her sister evelyn have been fighting when their grandfather tells them the story behind an incredibly uncanny painting: legend has it that a fiendish red lady is to return to the castle every hundred years and kill seven people. fourteen years later, kitty (barbara bouchet) has become a successful fashion photographer. suddenly, people begin to get murdered... director miraglia had already proved his incredible talent for style, atmosphere and colorful creepiness with "the night evelyn came out of the grave" and he makes use of these elements even far more effectively in this gem. "the red queen kills seven times" is a feast for the eyes indeed, and one of the most overwhelming italian horror films both visually and plot-wise. the haunting painting in the grandfather's castle alone is capable of giving the viewer the goosebumps. the red lady (or red queen, as she is called in the english title) is arguably the most fiendish figure ever in a giallo, the spine-chilling laughter that the murders are accompanied by would even be frightening on its own. a sexy female cast is always appreciated, especially in a giallo, and this one is a prime example for that. the ravishing barbara bouchet (one of my favorite actresses) must be one of the most stunningly beautiful ladies ever to appear on screen, and she is a great actress too. bouchet's presence has graded up many italian flicks, among other appearances she starred in three of the greatest cult-masterpieces of italian 70s cinema within one year (1972): fernando di leo's "milano calibro 9", lucio fulci's giallo-highlight "don't torture a duckling" and this unforgettable gem. apart from the wonderful miss bouchet, the film's gorgeous female cast includes sexy young sybil danning, marina malfatti ("the night evelyn came out of the grave"), and other beauties who are not afraid to bare it for the camera. as the whole film, the murders are stylish and extremely elegant, yet frightening and macabre, and some of them are quite gory. bruno nicolai's mesmerizing score is as memorable as it gets, and makes the film's intensely eerie atmosphere even more haunting. the plot is ingeniously convoluted and full of red herrings, the tension-level increses with each passing minute. "the red queen..." begins creepy and it stays stunning to the last second. overall, this is one of the films that i cannot find enough words of praise for. "the red queen kills seven times" is an absolute masterpiece that easily ranks among the finest gialli ever made, and a top-priority for every fan of horror and/or italian cinema to see. 10/10

apart from the usual stereotypes of the thirties, eugene pallette as the gruff police detective, jack la rue as the "swarthy" italian and of course, james lee as "the chinese cook", this film is the great mystery of a murder in a locked room. for an early 1930's film, this step by step "peeling of the veneer of the mystery" is similar to the columbo series, except in this film, you don't have the advantage of knowing who the killer was in advance.

whereas the hard-boiled detective stories of dashiell hammett and raymond chandler have fitted to cinema like a fox in a chicken coop - indeed creating the definitively modern american genre and style in the process - those of what might be called golden age fiction have made barely any impression whatsoever. the problem with books like those of agatha christie, dorothy l. sayers or s.s. van dine (on whose work this film is based), is that they are low on action or variety - whereas sam spade or philip marlowe traverse the mean streets of la, working class tenements, bars, offices, wealthy mansions, and meet all sorts of exciting dangers and violence, golden age fiction is generally fixed in location, the scene of the murder, usually a lavish country house, and the action is limited to investigating clues and interviewing suspects. this is a very static procedure, plot reduced to puzzle.this, of course, is as much ideological as anything else, the golden age stories dealing with a society hostile to change and movement; the hard-boiled novels recording an urban reality increasingly moving away from a centre (both of authority, and of a city), dividing itself up into hostile, ever uncontrollable and lawless camps. another major problem with golden age fiction is character - because we cannot know the answer to the crime until the end, we cannot gain access to characters' motivations or emotions, being defined solely by their potential need to murder. the detective, unlike the anxious, prejudice-ridden private eyes, are simply there to be brilliant, and maybe a little eccentric.the problem with most films from golden age books is that they try to be period recreations of the merchant ivory/jane austen school, and end up looking silly. there have been successes, for example the radical reworkings of ellery queen and others by claude chabrol. in the english-speaking world, there have really only been two. the alistair sim classic, 'green for danger', works because it pushes the form almost into parody, while never betraying the integrity or interest of the mystery.before that came michael curtiz's brilliant 'the kennel murder case'. the narrative is pure golden age. a repulsive character is introduced who gives a number of potential suspects reason to kill him. he is duly murdered in a seemingly foolproof manner, indicating suicide, slumped in a locked room. the caricatured policemen fall hopelessly for the bait. it is up to philo vance, gentleman and amateur detective, neither old nor fat, to read the clues more insightfully, open the case out of the confines of the room, and eventually solve the case, the corpse being little more than the pretext for intellectual stimulation.what is interesting is not this detective plot - which can only ever be unsatisfying as all solutions are - although it is rarely less than entertaining, and full of comical bits of business. there isn't even really an attempt to 'subvert' the image of the perfect detective - there is one alarming scene where a brutal sergeant threatens to rough up a suspect, with no protest from vance, but that's about it.what marks 'kennel' as a classic is its modernity. curtiz is not generally considered a great auteur, because he has no consistent themes or evidence of artistic development. but he was hollywood's greatest craftsman, and he is on sensational form here. if the golden age detective story is mere puzzle, curtiz takes this idea to is logical extreme, creating an abstract variation on his source, reducing narrative, character and location to geometry, a series of lines, from the beautiful art-deco sets to the glorious camera movements which suddenly break from a static composition , and, as they glide furiously at an angle, jolt the dead decor to life.this treatment is appropriate to a story that resolutely refuses realism, it is a pattern that turns the detective plot into a hall of mirrors, like the two central brothers, or the original crime itself, borrowed from an 'unsolved mysteries' book. this fantasy world of nasty rich men who collect oriental relics (shades of 'the moonstone'?), inscrutable chinese servants, ex-cons turned butlers, dog-loving fops, runyonesque cops, is the perfect habitat for vance, a man who will drop a cruise to europe on a fanciful hunch, who knows the social world of these people, and yet is tainted by his interest in crime and association with the police, or would be if he wasn't anything more than a thinking machine, william powell, the greatest american comedian of the decade, bravely subsuming his idiosyncratic humanity.but if the treatment is rarefied, the climax is spectacularly brutal, involving vicious dogs and attempted murder. the police and the detective, supposed to be preventing crime, are guilty of inciting one.

if you love the thin man series, you will love this movie. powell's character of vance is very similar to his character of nick charles. there are even dogs. . .the chemistry between powell and astor may not be as fabulous as powell and loy, but it isn't half bad.

the film starts in the long island kennel club where is murdered a dog,later is appeared dead as a case of committing suicide a collector millionaire called arched,but sleuth debonair philo vance(william powell)to be aware of actually killing.there are many suspects : the secretary(ralph morgan),the butler,the chinese cooker,the contender(paul cavanagh) in kennel championship for revenge killing dog ,the nephew(mary astor) facing off her tyrant uncle,the italian man(jack la rue),the brother,the attractive neighbour..stylish vance tries to find out who murdered tycoon,appearing many clues ,as a book titled:unsolved murders. the police inspector(eugene palette)and a coroner are helped by vance to investigate the mysterious death.the sympathetic forensic medic examines boring the continuous body-count .who's the killer?.the public enjoys immensely about guess the murder. the picture is an interesting and deliberate whodunit,it's a laborious and intriguing suspense tale.the personages are similar to agatha christie stories, all they are various suspects.they are developed on a whole gallery of familiar actors well characterized from the period represented by a glittering casting to choose from their acting range from great to worst. powell is in his habitual elegant and smart form as philo.he's protagonist of two famed detectives cinema,this one, and elegant nick charles along with nora(mirna loy)make the greatest marriage detectives. special mention to mary astor as the niece enamored of suspect sir thomas,she was a noted actress of noir cinema(maltese falcon). the movie is magnificently directed by hollywood classic director michael curtiz.he directs utilizing modern techniques as the image of dead through a lock-door,a split image while are speaking for phone and curtain-image.the tale is remade as ¨calling philo vance¨(1940).the film is a good production warner bros, by vitagraph corp.

william powell is philo vance in "the kennel murder case," a 1933 film also starring mary astor, paul cavanagh, eugene palette, helen vinson and ralph morgan. a dog show in which philo has entered his scottish terrier captain serves as the background for a locked room mystery with too many suspects. the mystery is very clever and the denouement both complicated and interesting. since the talkies are still quite young, the camera work is a little static, but michael curtiz does a good job directing the action.the supporting cast is excellent; the entire cast brings the film up a notch. lots of actors have played philo vance, including paul lukas, basil rathbone, wilford hyde-white, edmund lowe, james stephenson, alan curtis, warren william and others. powell played it the most (five times) and is the best fit for the role - very relaxed but serious at the same time. this was made before "the thin man" catapulted him to big stardom - he had spent about 12 years in film by then, beginning his career on stage in 1912 at the age of 20. a remarkable man, a remarkable screen presence and a remarkable actor who lived to be nearly 92. we're so lucky to have his films available on dvd and on tcm today. "the kennel murder case" is a great story and a fun film - don't miss it.

enjoyed viewing this film on tcm and watching a very young william powell, (philo vance) playing detective just like he did with myrna loy in the "thin man series". back in the 1930's william powell played in the philo vance series and in this picture, the famous veteran actress mary astor, (hilda lake) becomes one of the suspects in a murder/suicide case where a man named, archer coe, (robert barrot) is found dead and archer was in a room that was bolted from the inside. ralph morgan, (raymond wrede/archer's secretary) gave a great supporting role and was the brother to frank morgan who appeared "in the wizard of oz" 1939. eugene palette, (detective sgt. heath) appeared in quite a few of these philo vance films and also gave a great performance in "robin hood" with errol flynn. always remember, the least likely actor could very well be the killer. enjoy a great classic from the past.

there were times when this movie seemed to get a whole lot more complicated than it needed to be, but i guess that's part of it's charm. detective philo vance's powers of observation seem greater than all the oriental sleuths of the era combined when it comes down to that final evaluation of how the murders were committed. the dropping of the dagger into the chinese vase was the kicker for me; i mean, couldn't somebody have just dropped it? vance (william powell) had a line early in the film about archer coe's 'psychological impossibility' to kill himself - i had to think about that for a while. i was left wondering if there's some scientific basis in fact for that concept to be true, not having studied psychology myself. seems logical, but then there's always the case that doesn't fit the rules.you know, i got a kick out of the agitated coroner (etienne girardot), who reminded me of star trek's dr. mccoy the couple of times he stated "i'm a doctor, not a magician" and "i'm a doctor, not a detective". i can picture deforrest kelley watching the film and saying to himself - 'i'll have to use that sometime'.once the killer's identity is revealed, it doesn't seem like such a big surprise, but up till then it's really anybody's guess. but archer and brisbane coe aside, the film didn't answer the central question posed by the title, and the murder i was really interested in - who killed sir thomas macdonald's dog ghillie?

an old family story told to two young girls by their grandfather is brought to life 16 years later as he foretold.people are getting murdered and blood is being spilled and rats are scampering all over and naked bodies are being enjoyed.kitty (barbara bouchet) is the suspect, but we know she is not the killer. is it franziska (marina malfatti)? is it evelyn back from death for revenge? is it a plot to steal an inheritance? the color is superb in this thriller from emilio miraglia, who only did one other giallo, as far as i know.the only thing that spoiled the film was the appearance that several frames were cut out. someone calls the police, and suddenly they are there trying to save kitty.

michael curtiz directed this 1930 very-stylish whodunit from a script by robert presnell sr., robert n. lee and peter mine. the original novel they adapted was "the kennel murder case", perhaps from a writer's standpoint the best of the philo vance mysteries by the strange s.s. van dine. vance was a long-worded and superior detective genius, and his character being assigned to william powell probably meant the executives at warner brothers were aware of the possibility that in less-engaging hands this detective might alienate viewers. fortunately they assigned suave william powell first to the character.; later he was played by basil rathbone, warren william, and paul lukas before being consigned to "b" picture status.the other question as always with warner brothers executives is why they chose vance as a character; their penchant was to choose men who operated outside the law, with no apparent discrimination between a vicious murderer and a champion of individual rights against all comers. this film has a despicable villain who gets murdered, and a claustrophobically challenging locale inside an apartment complex. the characters are unarguably unusually well-realized, the direction rather good and unusually swift-paced; and except for a darkish b/w look, the film avoids the comedic asides, superfluous characters and irrelevant dialogue characteristic of many early detective entries. jack okey did the good art direction. the music by berhard kaun is serviceable; orry-kelly did the costumes. william reese provided the mostly-indoor cinematography. in the interesting cast, powell is the philo vance of his time, mostly sober-minded with just a hint of sardonic humor here and there. eugene palette is better than usual playing very straight as an admiring police partner to vance, with his very professional timing. the other actor who comes off best is handsome paul cavangh, very effective as always in what was written as a red herring part. mary astor is attractive but at this point in her career she talked a bit too fast to be as effective as she later proved. also in the cast were helen vinson as the villain's woman, jack la rue, ralph morgan (best known as frank morgan's brother), robert barrat as the villain everyone has cause to kill, archer coe, and frank conroy as his likable brother with robert mcwade as the d.a.; quirky and funny etiienne girardot has a delightfully witty part as the funny little forensics doctor who comes onto the crime scene. james lee as the abused chinese servant is excellent and intelligent. the story breaks into four parts. first there is shad doings at a dog show, where vance, coe and cavanagh are all showing west highland terriers. cavanagh's dog is killed, by coe, to prevent him winning the title over his own entry. the second portion of the scene involves a leave-taking; someone is confused enough by who has gone where, after coe parts from his girl friend, vinson, to murder his nice brother by mistake. enter vance, to find out who did in archer coe in a locked room and how, with the help of palette; the romantic difficulties are straightened out, the chinese servant is exonerated, we find out who broke the expensive vase, who will marry whom, how archer coe was done in and why the butler did not do it--but someone else with a good excuse did. this is a more-than-good little mystery, which skilled hungarian-born director curtiz took quite seriously. he used wipes, swift cuts, changes of camera angle and alternations between straightforward and daring camera-work to achieve variety, interest and a sustained pace. many writers, critics and experts, myself included, consider this to be the best of the vance projects, although others are estimable as well.

cracking good yarn with all the actors giving great value. michael curtiz at his best. lots of nice twists and turns and probably the best of the philo vance series. william powell looks wonderfully relaxed and at his debonair best. a forerunner to the thin man series. recommend to everyone. did you figure it all out?

"the kennel murder case" starts off at a run and doesn't stop until the very end. everybody had reason to kill the victim, and several people tried. william powell is terrific as philo vance, gentleman detective. mary astor is refreshing as the put-upon niece who only wants to marry her scottish gentleman and enjoy her inheritance. this movie comes paired with "nancy drew, reporter" on dvd, which is also fun. if you have to rent the disc (or check it out from your local library), do it. it's pure entertainment!

before he became defined as nick charles in the thin man series, william powell played another urbane detective named philo vance. the supporting cast is strong in this early talkie, and powell's star quality is evident. mary astor, who eight years later would be defined by her portrayal of brigid o'shaughnessy, does a good job here as the featured woman who finds herself in the middle of it all.

philo vance (william powell) helps solve multiple murders among the wealthy after a dog show.usually i hate overly convoluted mysteries (like this) but i love this movie. it moves very quickly (only 72 minutes), is beautifully directed by michael curtiz (he uses tons of camera tricks that just speed the narrative along), has a very ingenious story line (including a solution to a locked room murder that was just incredible) and has a very good cast. powell is very suave and great as vance--he doesn't seem to be acting--he is vance! mary astor isn't given much to do but she adds class and beauty to the production. everybody else is very good too, but best of all is eugene pallette as detective heath. he's a very good actor with a very distinctive voice and some of his lines were hilarious.basically, an excellent 1930s hollywood murder mystery. well worth seeing.

this is still the benchmark to judge all golden age whodunnits by, and taking into account the limited technology and dubious ethical standards of the authorities (on screen) bears up well against all generations of similar attempts since on film and tv. fast and furious with plenty of warner bros wipes, and thankfully no time for a love interest it gallops along, taking the splendid cast with it to the violent end. i never understood why the da had to trail vance around everywhere, i always thought they were deskbound. palette as the detective but especially girardot as the doctor are delightfully eccentric and un-pc - when glancing over the second murder victim he sniffs that there were too many people in the world anyway. of course it is william powell as philo vance (and michael curtiz as director) that makes the film what it is - when did powell ever make a dud?the army of cops at the crime scene didn't really do a very good job in finding the second dead body and unconscious dog did they! the best bit is where vance narrates to us all the sequence of events surrounding the murders - dodgy model sets combine with fantastic roving camera angles to produce a very modern feel, and startling with what has gone before. the only problem is as usual the conclusion can't match the overall deductive processes displayed throughout and a somewhat contrived ending is invoked; some chan's, moto's and many others of course could only be concluded this way too. but because it happens so fast and is ... slightly dubious morally it doesn't lessen my opinion of kmc's status as a classic!all the prints i've ever seen of kmc are (at worst) like looking into a goldfish bowl, so if you're interested in seeing it bear with it until you're sucked in.

while a 9 might seem like an unusually high score for such a slight film, however, compared to the hundreds and hundreds of series detective films from the 1930s and 40s, this is among the very best and also compares very favorably to powell's later "thin man" films. now this does not mean that the film is that similar to the thin man movies, as the kennel murder case is not a comedy but more a traditional mystery-detective film. now you'd think that not having nora charles or asta or a traditional comic sidekick (something found in practically all series detective films) along for fun would be a detriment, but i didn't miss them at all because this was such an exceptionally well-written film--having a genuinely interesting case as well as uniformly excellent performances by all.the film begins at the dog show and is called the kennel murder case, though this philo vance film actually spends little of the time at the dog show and dogs are not a super-important part of the film. instead, a thoroughly hated man is killed and left in a completely sealed room--an idea repeated in quite a few other detective films (such as crime doctor's strangest case). however, how all this is explained seems pretty credible and fit together very well--keeping my interest throughout. i sure wish other detective films of the day had as intelligently written plots and exceptional acting as this one. this one is definitely a keeper.

"markham," says urbane gentleman crime-solver philo vance (william powell) to the district attorney, "i'm coming more and more to the belief that archer coe was killed in this room. that poker, this dagger sheath, now these fragments...it's all here." "but vance," markham says, "do you mean to tell me a dead man walked upstairs?" "i'm not trying to tell you anything but the facts," vance says. "this is the most remarkable case in my experience." we're sympathetic. wealthy, arrogant archer coe, disliked it seems by all who knew him, had been found slumped in a chair in his bedroom, pistol in his hand and a gunshot wound to his head. but wait. further examination shows coe had been hit hard by a blunt instrument that fractured his skull. then there's the dagger wound in his back. complicating matters is that coe's bedroom door and windows all had been locked from the inside. coe was no suicide; this was murder. but how could the killer have escaped? what was the specific motivation since there are so many suspects? and why was coe's brother, brisbane coe, found dead in the main-floor closet? the kennel murder case, now 73 years old, still provides a stylish look at the old locked- room classic whodunit. what makes it work as well as it does is, first, the mystery is complicated and clever, but still is logical. second, is the amusing, assured performance of william powell. consider his work as philo vance as something as a rehearsal for his great performances as nick charles. few things escape vance. he uses his wits to piece things together. he's also good company. powell was a star in the twenties and moved steadily upward in status and popularity when the talkies took over. his intelligence, style and effortless sophistication have made him one of the most contemporary-seeming of actors from the past. also pleasant is seeing a few other great faces. there's mary astor as hilda lake, the young, resentful and potentially rich ward of coe; paul cavanaugh as a titled brit hovering around hilda; helen vinson with her notably sultry and selfish manner (watch her really do her stuff in vogues of 1938); etienne giraudot, a small elderly man as the fussy dr. doremus, whose job as coroner and medical examiner keeps taking him away from his meals; and ralph morgan as archer coe's private secretary. this movie has a high percentage of middle-aged men without an ounce of fat who can wear snug, english-cut tailored suits with ease. most of all is eugene palette, with his noble belly and gravel voice, as detective sergeant heath. sergeant heath and vance are long-time acquaintances who actually seem to like each other.

the unflappable william powell. he is a joy to watch on the screen as he makes his way through situations without a care in the world. he always seems on top of his game and shows little care for anyone who doubts him. the murders are projects, barely human beings. i have noticed this is a staple of the whodunnit. other than an occasional weeping widow, the victims fulfill the function of being the reason the movie exists. nothing more. there are enough twists and turns to keep things interesting along the way and powell is a master at this. there is a lot of political incorrectness, especially as it relates to the asian performers. this is a little hard to take. the cast is great, and curtiz's direction is also a consistent asset.

a film that is so much a 30's warners film in an era when each studio had a particular look and style to their output, unlike today where simply getting audiences is the object.curitz was one of the quintessential warners house directors working with tight economy and great efficiency whilst creating quality, working methods that were very much the requirements of a director at warners, a studio that was one of the "big five" majors in this era producing quality films for their large chains of theatres.even though we have a setting of the upper classes on long island there is the generic warners style embedded here with a narrative that could have been "torn from the headlines". another example is the when the photographers comment on the girls legs early in the film and she comments that "they're not the trophies" gives the film a more working mans, down to earth feel, for these were the audiences that warners were targeting in the great depression. (ironically columbia and universal were the two minors under these five majors until the 50's when their involvement in television changed their fortunes - they would have made something like this very cheaply and without the polish and great talent) curtiz has created from an excellent script a film that moves along at a rapid pace whilst keeping the viewer with great camera angles and swift editing.thank heavens there is no soppy love interest sub-plot so the fun can just keep rolling along.

william powell's final outing as philo vance occurs in the kennel murder case where the murder of a championship show dog leads to two more murders and one attempt of the human kind. it's all in the figuring out of how that leads to the who and why.the philo vance murders by s.s. van dine were most popular at the time and the clever mr. van dine figured out a way to sell his books one at a time to the highest studio bidder. this is why you see so many philo vances and so many studios putting them out. had bill powell not gone on to greater fame with mgm as nick charles of the thin man series, he would have been known as the greatest of philo vances. it turns out that powell had entered his little terrier captain in the same contest where the murdered dog was entered and then another rival owner became the first murder victim. as usual powell shows up eugene palette as sergeant heath whose biggest contribution to the proceedings was using his bulk to break down the locked from the inside door where the first murder victim was found.i did say locked from the inside and it was an upper story so it was in figuring out the how. powell has a lovely group of suspects, as extensive as what normally is in a thin man mystery. people like paul cavanaugh, helen vinson, ralph morgan, mary astor, fill their cast roles well.warner brothers liked this version so much that in fact they remade it again in the thirties with james stephenson in his one and only outing as philo vance. it doesn't hold a candle to this one.as this is the only powell philo vance that is out on vhs or dvd by all means see this one or acquire it if you can.

one of the better vance films succeeds more on interesting plot and artful direction by none other than michael curtiz. this time around a generally hated financier is found dead - shot in the head - in his locked and bolted bedroom on the upper floor. philo vance, hearing of the situation while about to set off for italy, decides to end his vacation and try to solve what he thinks is a murder and what everyone else is considering a suicide. william powell is as affable a philo vance as you will find. he never seems to press and is always very smooth in what he says and does. powell is aided by a host of very talented actors - some first-rate character actors and actresses like mary astor as a niece that hated her uncle, ralph morgan as the dead man's secretary, paul cavanaugh as a rival dog fancier, arthur hohl as a mysterious butler, helen vinson as the next door kept blonde, and two really good performances by james lee as the chinese cook and portly eugene palette as a wise-cracking police detective. add into the mix a wonderfully comedic turn by etienne girardot as a public coroner always missing his meal. it is this depth of suspects and a story that has many plots twists and turns that make the kennel murder case a fast-moving, fun mystery.

this is one of those movies that you wish you hadn't seen before - so you could see it again " for the first time " . van dine's books still bring pleasure - but are termed excessively flowery by many . this movie is by far the best film adaptation of his works . william powell is william powell - say no more . the plot is intricate . the story moves all too quickly , because you want it to last . enjoy.

talented detective mr. philo vance (william powell) cancels his overseas trip to investigate an apparently cut and dried case of suicide he has good reason to suspect is really something much more, a rather deliciously complex murder! as far as murder mystery films go, it just doesn't get any better than this one. populated with suspicious characters, all connected to a dog show and all having very good reason to murder the apparent suicide victim archer coe, it's truly tough to figure this one out or wrap one's head around it but boy, does it proves fascinating to watch unfold before us. even the cops, the coroner and the district attorney prove colorful, fleshed out characters adding a level of unexpected gritty realism to this one's proceedings and amping up its overall "fun" factor. i particularly enjoyed the comic scenes involving the coroner (played by etienne girardot), who is always it seems to him being rudely and untimely interrupted by the discovery of corpses or injured men during this one's running time. also eugene palette's detective sgt. heath provides welcome, often later delightfully humorous at his expense, critical commentary during vance's investigation. i cannot think of any valid criticism to give this movie in fact except perhaps that it hasn't dated particularly well. doesn't stop the movie from being just plain good fun viewing though. watch and see if you can wrap your head around this one's mystery. highly recommended you try!

this fantastic whodunit is an early prototype of what soon became a very popular film genre. i was happy to see william powell handling a detective story with charisma and charm, and without the silly attitude of his nick charles character (from the "thin man" series). while the story is good on its own, i think what really makes this movie fun to watch is michael curtiz' fantastically imaginative direction. from a visual point of view, this is a richly textured movie, with curtiz showing an incredible command of the medium; from split screen images, to weird camera angles and imaginative flashbacks, curtiz demonstrates that he was one of the best hollywood directors. highly recommended if you are fan of this type of movie.

why can't this type of compact, entertaining mystery be filmed in the new century? it keeps the viewer thinking and guessing all the way. the cast is a great ensemble. william powell exhibits true star quality. who knows--perhaps he was rehearsing for his future as nick charles. he is a joy to watch. one also can see why eugene pallette made more than 200 films. he is a great supporting character actor and his excellent chemistry with powell is fun to watch. mary astor does above average work in a not very meaty role. all other hands chip in to make this a thoroughly enjoyable way to spend 73 minutes. i suspect michael curtiz had a ball directing his one. bravo!

for those who like their murder mysteries busy, this is definitely the one to see, as it is chock full of interesting and suspicious characters, most of them wealthy long island socialite types. as the star detective, william powell is alternately starchy and inspired, behaving at times as if he and his suit went to the cleaners and got pressed together. mary astor is very lovely here. powell had made a career out of playing the lead character, philo vance, in a series of movies made at a couple of studios over several years. in-between these films he developed into a somewhat offbeat romantic lead, at times even essaying gentleman gangster roles. already middle-aged, he was stuck in somewhat of a career rut by the time this one came along. as with so many early talkie stars, it seemed that his time had come and gone, that he was fine for early depression prohibition-era films, but that with changing times he was perhaps too mature and dandyish to endure.the kennel murder case, directed by the criminally neglected michael curtiz, is one of the last of the "old powells", while the next year would herald in the first of the new ones, the thin man, the success of which would catapult its leading players into the hollywood stratosphere. in kennel we can see the movies still in a somewhat stiff, ritualized pattern, as the camera does not move much, with the acting, like the presentation, tending toward the theatrical. there's no harm in this approach, though, which has its charms. it gives the movie a baroque quality.

philo vance had many affinities with bulldog drummond he was a gentleman with the kind of polish and elegance only usually associated with the british upper classes and he was also independently wealthybut there were vital differences drummond was an adventurer, charming, gallant, lively vance could be pompous, slight1y dull and self-righteous there was a hint of fundamental cruelty in his manner"the kennel murder case" is the most impressive of the 14 vance films made between 1929 and 1947 the story of a murdered collector of chinoiserie, it has all the ingredients of the classic private eye mystery  exotic setting in the blue nose long island kennel club, three killings for vance to solve including a baffling "locked room murder," the key to the whole affair, and plenty of suspects usually, a detective story setting have proved too static and talkative to make convincing movies even though they work well enough on the printed page, but here michael curtiz's direction and the fine editing give the film a pace and urgency that make it altogether different from similar films of its type william powell's elegance and suavity made him the perfect vance and although a year later he switched studios, he stayed in the same genre with the enormously successful and popular "the thin man" at mgm

once upon a time in a castle...... two little girls are playing in the garden's castle. they are sisters. a blonde little girl (kitty) and a brunette one (evelyn). evelyn steals kitty's doll. kitty pursues evelyn. running through long corridors, they reach the room where their grandfather, sitting on an armchair, reads the newspaper. kitty complains about evelyn, while evelyn is looking interestedly at a picture hanging on the wall. evelyn begins to say repeatedly: "i am the red lady and kitty is the black lady". suddenly evelyn grabs a dagger lying nearby and stabs kitty's doll and then cuts her (the doll's) head. a fight ensues. and evelyn almost uses the dagger against kitty. the grandfather intervenes and the worst is avoided.later on, their grandfather tells them the legend related to the picture hanging on the wall in front of them, in which a lady dressed in black is stabbing a lady dressed in red:"a long time ago, a red lady and a black lady lived in the same castle. they were sisters and hated each other. one night, for jealousy reasons, the black lady entered the red lady's room and stabbed her seven times. one year later, the red lady left her grave. she killed six innocent people, and her seventh victim was the black lady. once every hundred years, the events repeat themselves in this castle and a red lady kills six innocent victims before killing the black lady herself."the grandfather ends his tale by saying that according to the legend, sixteen years from now, the red queen should come again and kill seven times. but he assures them that this is just an old legend.sixteen years pass.....this is the very beginning of the film. there are many twists and surprises in the film. it's better for you to forget about logic (if you really analyse it, the story doesn't make sense) and just follow the film with its wonderful colors, the gorgeous women, the clothes, the tasteful decor, the lighting effects and the beautiful soundtrack.enjoy barbara bouchet, sybil danning, marina malfatti, pia giancaro, among other goddesses. there's a nude by sybil danning lying on a sofa that's something to dream about. and don't forget: the lady in red kills seven times!if you've liked "la dama rossa..." check out also "la notte che evelyn uscì dalla tomba".

by the end of the first hour my jaw was nestled comfortably between my feet. the movie never, and i do mean never, lets up in action. it may be mild action but it's action. once again every member of the cast fits perfectly. the explosions were realistic, the chase scenes were feasible, and the fighting was incredible. matt damon will forever be jason bourne.all i really have to say is that every bourne movie gets better and this is no exception. the action, the stakes, the plot. how they do it i will never know. i applaud the man who wrote the screen plays to every one of these movies. because if he hadn't done such a great job with the first movie, we wouldn't have this one to talk about.so don't go see it in theaters, go experience it in theaters if it's still out where you live, but if not december 11th bourne comes home to you!

last christmas, i was lucky enough to receive one of the 1200 ultimate bourne boxed sets from my better half but put off watching the final part of the trilogy until yesterday. given how many recent trilogies have stumbled over the finishing line instead of striding triumphantly through it, i was somewhat wary of approaching "the bourne ultimatum" but i really shouldn't have been worried. the electric actions sequences and bruising fight scenes mix effortlessly alongside the intelligent story-lines to make this one of the very best action thrillers i can recall seeing and a sublime end to an excellent series.jason bourne (matt damon) returns after an apparent leak about operation blackbriar - a new program based on the old treadstone project - to the journalist simon ross (paddy considine) at the guardian. determined to uncover more about his half-remembered past, bourne picks up the trail once again but others at the cia including deputy director noah vosen (david strathairn) believe that bourne himself is the leak and start to pursue the rogue agent with renewed vigour. can bourne finally find the answers he has been looking for or will his old employers silence him for good? personally, i felt slightly disappointed with "the bourne supremacy" as it ditched the trademark realism of its action scenes and focused on being a proper spy film. not to say it lost it altogether but compared to the fantastic "bourne identity", it seemed more like a slow-burning spy novel rather than an action-thriller. no such worries here - every car crash, punch, kick and gun shot is heard and felt with visceral delight but thankfully, it still retains a wonderfully intelligent and gripping spy story at its heart to base the action around. it also brilliantly ties together the two earlier films, providing a suitable bookend to the trilogy as things are explained and expanded until the full picture is exposed. performances throughout are nearly faultless - even julia styles begins to offer something more than book-wormy eye-candy. the only real downer is that this, like the other bourne films, has little to do with the original novel but unless you're a die-hard ludlum fan, this isn't really any real reason to dislike a movie like this of the very highest calibre.nothing pleases me more than a movie that takes me pleasantly by surprise and despite my fears, "the bourne ultimtum" is a cracking movie filled with enough bone-crunching action to satisfy the meat-heads as well as a plot that never threatens to let go of your attention for a single minute. even at the final reel, you're never entirely sure whether a happy ending is assured but whether you are a fan of the series or not (and if not, what more do you want?), this is one film you really should track down as soon as you possibly can. no wonder this series forced the producers of the bond movies to throw out forty-odd years of movie history in order to start again. bourne is a modern spy hero and made recent bond films look more like austin powers in comparison until "casino royale" gave the bond series the reboot it desperately needed. missing out of the jason bourne movies is a crime worthy of rendition - go and get yourself a copy of the dvd. not the ultimate bourne collection though - limited edition, i'm afraid!

i saw the the bourne ultimatum last summer with a friend, and, wow! i had already seen the first two films and i liked them, but ultimatum, i loved.matt damon plays jason bourne, a amnesia suffering cia agent on the run, trying to discover who he is.like i already said, i loved this movie from start to finish, no plot holes, slow scenes, everything was paced just right and it fit in well with the other films, but in all senses it was much better.best stunts, car chases, actors, and effects i've seen in an action movie all summer, (surprisingly due to spider-man 3, pirates, etc.) but i it wasn't just action in this film, jason doesn't just kill and run. he has a soul and the audience feels for him, so drama is included. but that doesn't slow it down.of all the "threequels" that came out last summer, this was the best.

"perhaps we can arrange a meet. " "where are you now? " "i'm sitting in my office. " "i doubt that. " "why would you doubt that? " "if you were in your office right now we'd be having this conversation face-to-face. "bourne remains street tough, and elusive. only his inhuman resilience leads the film a little too far into fantasy. conversation is macho, to the point with only shards of bond type gallows humour. its all about the action.the feeling that there is something going on at another level to the world we live in is what the trilogy coveys so well. a scene set in waterloo with a guardian journalist does this to great effect. there is no meeting of worlds - you are in it or just a superfluous body.if the shaky cam doesn't annoy you too much, enjoy this film and hope they somehow keep the franchise going.

this movie was excellent. i was not expecting it to live up to all the hype but it did. like all the bourne movies the action is fast paced, realistic and intense. if you liked the other two movies in the trilogy you will love this one also. the movie's plot is straightforward and there are no plot twists that are too unrealistic. ok, julia stiles character showing up in the italian safe house was kind of far-fetched especially after what happened in supremacy but it makes sense that she is the only character in "treadstone" that bourne knows, that does not want him dead and he could possibly trust and the only person to lead him in the right direction. the action is driven by characters and their reactions to what is happening all around them. the thing that i always loved about the bourne movies is that bourne can kick butt but when matched with people as good as he is the fights are struggles and he takes a lot of damage in them. they never treat the audience like idiots.all the actors were solid in their performances. i believe that damon could play bourne in his sleep and receives excellent support from joan allen reprising her role from supremacy, david strathairn and scott glenn. i recommend this film and the trilogy. i do miss franka potente though.

the bourne ultimatum is the third and final outing for super-spy jason bourne, a man who is out to kill the people who made him into a killer. the bourne series is one of the highest regarded trilogies by critics (ultimatum has an 85/100 on metacritic.com, meaning it's status is "universal acclaim) and for good reason- the fighting is choreographed very well and the deep story can be very engrossing.first, i highly advise you watch the bourne identity and the bourne supremacy, the two fancy-titled prequels to ultimatum. there may be three different movies, but in reality they are all a continuance of one another: missing one leaves you stranded and confused, just like i was. you will still be about to enjoy the action and fight scenes of ultimatum if you missed the first two, but then the story will definitely lead to some confusion.if you were lucky enough to view the prequels to this movie, you probably had a treat watching bourne take down his enemies and track down the man who screwed him from supremacy. jason bourne is played very well by mattdamon. damon does nothing to deserve an oscar nod, but his work here is good enough to hold it's own. bourne's adventures take place in many different cities; the cities are all varied enough to keep the movie from becoming bland at times. the agency tracking bourne takes advantage of every technological tool known to mankind to track him down.i won't go into detail on the characters because they are continuations off of the first two movies. however, it wouldn't hurt the movie to spell a few things out for the audience- not every viewer is a die-hard movie watcher who can pick up on every little hint about story development. ultimatum wouldn't have been harmed at all if the story was a little more up front.it seems most people agree that ultimatum was a success of a film: the movie opened to $69 million, and -box office total now is up to $216 mil- is currently still going very strongly for a movie that has been in theatres since august 3. it's the best action movie i've seen since live free or die hard.good) damon is solid but not spectacular, very smart movie bad) story is like many others

having not seen the films before (and not being able to stand matt damon), i was reluctant to go see the bourne ultimatum when we were asked to see it for as film studies. however, i was pleasantly surprised that even a film with damon in it could be enjoyable. fast fight scenes, crazy motorbike chases and big explosions were what threw you out of your seat in tbu. the near-misses between the cia and bourne kept you on your toes and throughly entertained.nevertheless, several things really grated my cheese.firstly, the fact that the film was just a series of bourne, cia, bourne, cia, bourne, cia. this sequence got repetitive and ultimately dull. although damon did keep us entertained and seemed always one step ahead of the cia, i was getting a bit annoyed with the constant survival of bourne. he crashed a car and got out as if he had tapped it or something! very unrealistic.and secondly (inevitably) - the shaky camera. it was so shaky it was completely noticeable and made me and everyone who went to see it in my class (even the tutors) seasick. we were told by the tutors that if we ever used that in a film we made in class, it would automatically be wrong and we would be told to use a tripod. fair enough if greengrass wanted it to look like we were there watching damon and stiles holding a conversation, but surely we wouldn't be shaking our heads that violently!but all in all tbu is an enjoyable film and worth a watch. but i didn't think it was the best film of the year, despite being an entertaining piece of cinema.8/10.

picking up right after the moscow-showdown of supremacy, this is bourne's greatest adventure and his final climax. throughout the tight, 115-min-runtime the movie takes bourne from russia to madrid, paris, marocco and ultimately new york. damon is every inch of the hard-trained killer robert ludlum imagined, he is the most deadly spy in the movies right now, and it's the underpinned emotions to his character that makes him so believable, and it's exactly the fine way damon manages to combine these two polar-opposites of himself that's so breathtaking. in this third, bourne is on a mission to save his soul and while watching it, ultimatum delivers such an high-octane performance that you'll find yourself sweating and gasping over its truly powerful branch of ideas and pull-offs; just look out for two great car-chases and a fight-scene as realistic as bond vs. shaw back in '63. director greengrass has surpassed himself with this compelling thriller and this is probably as exciting as cinema thrillers get; a true pay-off to bourne fans and a new breed of spy-thriller standard.

this installment very much makes the cia look like a very foolish organization. in reality, perhaps they are. after all, the way the plot goes on this it very much looks like one man has the power to sanction killing everyone including his own people in order to kill jason bourne.matt damon does a very credible job as bourne trying to stay one step ahead of being killed the entire film. he is still trying to remember who he was & how he has gotten where he is. he gets help from a couple of folks & it seems like every minute of the film, somebody is trying to kill him.there is little time for rest in this film & the action sequences seem very very real. there are a lot of chase sequences filmed with the shaky cam which in a way add to the realism & make it seem less hollywood than many pictures. these sequences add realism to the film in feeling.the suspense in some of the sequences is brilliantly done as you wonder if someone is going to die or if bourne can head them off. this is the kind of action suspense you go to see when you want to be entertained & i am sure this one will lead to the next film in the series.

the third and last film of this trilogy is finally crystal clear. it is a political film more than a plain entertainment. jason bourne will finally know who he was and he will discover and remember the tortures he was submitted to in order to kill his old identity: he really killed some one who became his corpse. but the film is finally revealing that all this had been organized and planned by the cia within a blackfriars program that is also clearly revealed in this film as aiming at eliminating all american citizens who tried to prevent the control of the whole society by an established and limited group of people. who was one essential officer of the cia up to 1980, when he became vice president? that goes along with what is being said on the internet. then the truth will come thanks to jason bourne himself but the main person who will be able to bring that truth to the public and the only authority that can take a decision concerning the cia is a woman and that woman gets the senate involved in a general investigation. a woman and the senate; read my lips. in the usa politics are fought in the media and two media are essential for any presidential campaign: it is music and the cinema. right now hollywood and beyond the intelligentsia, academia and intellectuals are using the cinema in general, and this film in particular, to build up the idea in the public that salvation will come from a woman and from the senate. so go and watch the film. it is pretty entertaining and it has the sweet fragrance of the end of a period and of the great change some are expecting and others are waiting for, but no one is able to pretend it won't come: the only point is to know how deep and serious it will be.dr jacques coulardeau, university paris dauphine, university paris 1 pantheon sorbonne & university versailles saint quentin en yvelines

the third and last part of the bourne trilogy (duh), is lacking a bit in the story department, but covers it with extensive action scenes! twi in particular take up quite some of the running time and make this movie better.the director and star (damon) themselves agreed that it was difficult to find a story for the last part, because the end of the second movie was quite ... advanced story-wise. how they got around that? the action scenes, for once, but they did another thing too, which i can't reveal, because that would be a spoiler. but if you watch the movie, than you'll notice it! funnily enough i read, that this adaptation of the bourne books is the least accurate of all three films .. if that means anything to you :o)

he now has a name, an identity, some memories and a a lost girlfriend. all he wanted was to disappear, but still, they traced him and destroyed the world he hardly built. now he wants some explanation, and to get ride of the people how made him what he is. yeah, jason bourne is back, and this time, he 's here with a vengeance.ok, this movie doesn't have the most elaborated script in the world, but its thematics are very clever and ask some serious questions about our society. of course, like every hollywoodian movie since the end of the 90's, "the bourne suprematy" is a super-heroes story. jason bourne is a captain-america project-like, who's gone completely wrong. in the first movie, the hero discovered his abilities and he accepted them in the second one. he now fights against what he considers like evil, after a person close to him has been killed (his girlfriend in "suprematy") by them. that's all a part of the super-hero story, including a character with (realistic but still impressive : he almost invincible) super powers.and the interesting point is that the evil he fights all across the world (there's no frontiers in the bourne's movies, characters are going from one continent to another in the blink of an eye), is, as in the best seasons of "24", an american enemy, who's beliefs that he fight for the good of his country completely blinds him. funny how "mad patriots" are now the n.1 enemies of paranoiac hollywood's stories.beside all those interesting thematics, the movie isn't flawless : the feminine character of nickie parson is for now on completely useless and the direction is quite unoriginal when it comes to dialogs scenes. but all that doesn't really matter, for "the bourne ultimatum" is an action movie. and the action scenes are rather impressive.everyone here is talking about the "waterloo scene" and the "tanger pursuit" and everyone's right. i particularly enjoyed the fight in tanger, that reminds my in its exaggeration and craziness the works of tsui hark. visually inventive scenes, lots of intelligent action parts and a good reflection on american's contemporary thematics : "the bourne ultimatum" is definitely the best movie of the series and a very interesting and original action flick.

i watched both bourne identity and bourne supremacy on dvd before seeing this in the theater. i'd been waiting for this since before they started filming. i wasn't disappointed.minor spoilers below- overall it was good, but it also lacked the continuity of the first two. identity and supremacy both flowed gracefully between adrenaline rush action to introspective drama. this movie felt choppy at times. the plot-building down-times were slightly too drawn out. that caused the following action to feel too frenetic.camera: speaking of frenetic, the trademark greengrass shaky cam was present and very annoying to me. i know its has been talked/whined about to nausea on the message board, but it doesn't mean it's not relevant. all the martial arts training the actors went through was totally wasted. the ridiculous camera cuts and wiggling camera ruined most of the fighting in the movie. it is a cheap, student director trick to make the film feel unsettled. i'd expect those techniques to be used in some horror flick made for high school kids, but not in this classy, adult, action series. too much extreme close-up also. do some framing. get some interesting shots. constant close-up feels like lazy directing to me.story: the story was very confusing at first. they thrust new names and faces upon you from the get go. gave me the feeling that you get when you come into a movie late and know you've missed some crucial information. felt rushed or compressed for time reasons. after you catch up however the story is quite good. it's enjoyable following leads along with bourne. however, i did not care for the whole last scene of supremacy (landy/bourne on the phone) being in the middle of ultimatum thing. it basically makes the movie a half-prequel. i thought that was awkward.cast/characters: the star of the movie is the action. obviously there are only two originals left. bourne and nicky parsons. them teaming up was kind of odd to me. i think they just wanted to give bourne someone to protect to and confide in. unless i completely missed something, they never even tell you why they teamed up. the other assassins in the movie were pretty quiet. this felt like gilroy/greengrass/whoever wanting to not leave open ends. understandable but disappointing. seriously, damon with clive owen in identity and marton csokas in supremacy.. those scenes were phenomenal. these assassins are as uninteresting as castel (the first fella bourne fights in identity). the cast in general has degraded as the the series went on. clive owen was practically an afterthought. that's a measure of strength for that first cast. the second, they basically trade chris cooper for joan allen.... not exactly equal. this one trades brian cox and franka potente for 3 actors to be named later. nothing against david strathairn, scott glenn, or albert finney, but they're not the first names that come to mind for this kind of series. aside from a couple pauses that seemed to long, the acting was right on.as a whole, it was successful. felt like they wanted to get the series over with though. if they would have trimmed or rearranged the slower parts, eliminated scott glenn's part entirely, zoomed out, and taken the camera away from the seizure victim, it would have been perfect.ending spoileri don't see why they leave bourne alive at the end. it was my understanding this was the conclusion. they clearly made reference to the very beginning of the series with his silhouette floating motionless. i thought that was going to be it. a full circle type of ending. i did like nicky reacting to the news report though.spoiler specifics warning - quote from movie below -bourne's last line at the end "look at this.. look at what they make you give." quoting the first assassin he killed, i loved that. the final scene was great. (except that it was vosen {strathairn} that shot at bourne. why would he do that? just out for vengeance? if he was angry enough to murder, why not shoot pamela landy after she faxes his top secret file? that didn't make sense.)

the bourne ultimatum - jason bourne (matt damon in his best role ever), the newest spy kid on the block, brings his quest for his identity to a close as he also seeks to end the cia's latest program "blackbriar" to make super assassins like himself.i was so psyched for this one that i watched it's predecessors yesterday and today. identity was as brilliant as i recall and supremacy remains the weak (but still enjoyable) link in the chain for the weakest plot and, aside from a car chase which this film's chase easily tops, slight lacking in action and suspense.hoo boy, does ultimatum have suspense! even when you know bourne will escape the authorities (and boy do these films spotlight the police as inept), it's still brilliant watching him do it. it's mind-boggling to think that two guys with handguns and mopeds can create 10x more suspense than anything those $150 million giant robots did in transformers.chalk it up to paul greengrass, who has this idiosyncratic style of shooting stedicam a la documentary, even though he's filming characters that are far from ordinary, in places like cia headquarters where no one within 10 miles would be allowed with a camcorder. he seemed to listen to my various complaints with supremacy, as the action in ultimatum is nothing less than awe-inspiring, with various implements used as weapons being a candlestick, a hardcover book (i'll never look at those the same way again) and an electric fan (don't ask). the music also helped generate much suspense, and there was hardly ever a moment to not nail-bite over.the acting is good, and the evolution of julia stiles' character "nicky" put her situation into a new highly sympathetic light. damon plays his signature role with reserve but competency (which sounds minor but that it genuinely looks like matt damon could evade the cia and interpol is something), but noticeable moments of poignancy as he still struggles to find his humanity. this longing of his for a real life could get boring, and almost did in supremacy, but just works better in ultimatum (better script). i am reminded of a scene in "goldeneye" (the only good pierce brosnan bond film) in which sean bean's character asks james if the martinis ever silence the screams of all the men he's killed. bourne regrets all the people he killed, and he considers (or at least made me consider) the meaning of action without purpose, life without meaning, and how the government has transformed men into resources. albeit, resources that know krav maga and can make weapons out of anything.sidenote: it's always bothered me that, despite being a superspy and hunted by the cia, interpol, and the police nearly anywhere he goes, that bourne never thought to make even the smallest attempts to disguise his features or forge some new passports. sunglasses maybe? if you have a pulse and love action movies, than bourne ultimatum is for you. hell, it's probably the best action film to come out this year. of course, you'd be a fool to see it without watching the others first. it kind of drags a touch near the end, but i almost feel tempted to overlook that. this is the first "3" movie this summer to at least match, if not exceed, the original and that is saying something.a-

im going to keep this fairly brief as to not spoil anything for you. this movie is awesome. from beginning to end, it is filled with genuine thrills. the fight scenes are fantastic, the chase scenes are enthralling, and it moves at such a pace that it really only felt slow toward the end when things are explained, but that is only because everything that preceded it. damon shines and really has proved a very solid actor, daring you not to believe him in this role. he is this role. a welcome addition to the series in david straithrain (hope i spelled that close to right) as a seedy cia agent out to kill bourne. this is non stop and will truly leave you on the edge of your seat for most of the way. some things toward the end are just a smidgeon preposterous, thus negating a 10 rating. the ending is left open for sequels and i sure hope that they consider doing more of these, for none have been bad. excellent film all in all and a fantastic ending to an amazing trilogy.p.s. the shaky cam did not hurt any of the action, but i still think we could do without it. the good news is, you only really notice it when people are talking and not so much the action.

first and foremost, speaking as no fan of the genre, "the bourne ultimatum" is a breathtaking, virtuoso, superb action movie.secondly, it is a silly malarky of cartoonish super-hero stuff.thirdly, the film carries a complex, important point, about crime-fighters turning into criminals themselves. no reference is made to abu ghraib or the executive branch's outrageous domestic assaults on constitutional rights, none is necessary.so, the latest in the "bourne" series, in the hands of paul greengrass (of the 2004 "bourne supremacy" and last year's "united 93"), is a significant achievement, perhaps held back but not actually diminished by the unavoidable excesses of the genre."breathtaking" above is meant both as a complimentary adjective and a description of the physical sensation: for more than an hour from the first frame, the viewer seemingly holds his breath, pushed back against the chair by the force of relentless, globe-trotting, utterly suspenseful action. there is no letup, no variation in the rhythm and pull of the film, and yet it never becomes monotonous and tiresome the way some kindred music videos do after just a couple of minutes.oliver wood's in-your-face cinematography is making the best of tony gilroy's screenplay from robert ludlum's 1990 novel (which doesn't stack up well against the "bourne identity," written a decade earlier).matt damon is once again the inevitable, irreplaceable bourne, the deadliest of fantasy cia agents, this time taking on the entire agency in search of his identity, his past, and the mysterious agency program that has turned him into a killing machine. nothing like his quietly heroic edward r. murrow, the always-marvelous david strathairn is the nasty top agency official, pitched against bourne in trying to hide some illegal "take-no-prisoners" policies and brutal procedures.joan allen plays what appears to be the good cop against strathairn's bad one. and, there is julia stiles as the agent once again coming to bourne's aid; a combination of greengrass' direction and stiles acting results in a surprising impact by a mostly silent character, her lack of communication and blank expression more intriguing than miles of dialogue.so good is "the bourne ultimatum" that it gets away with the old one-man-against-the-world bit, this time stretched to ridiculous excesses, as bourne defies constraints of geography, time, gravity... and physics in general. (can you fly backwards with a car from the top of a building? why not - it looks great.) all this "real-world" magic - leaping from country to country in seconds, to arrive at some unknown location exactly as, when, and how needed - outdoes special-effect and superhero cartoon improbabilities. and yet, only a clueless pedant would allow "facts" interfere with the entertainment-based ecstasy of the bourne fantasy.

the final installment in the action thriller franchise is just that probably the hardest hitting of the three films. it goes further to play the anti-bond theme. bourne doesn't like what he is doing and wants to know about his blurry past. everything about this film hits it on the nail from the cinematography to choreography/stunt work to the script to acting.the film starts out in a flurry as bourne is running from the moscow police. the story seems to pick up right where the first film left off. or does it? the time is a little muddled here, but we get the fact that bourne is remembering things. a sudden flashback while trying to clean himself up nearly gets him caught, but he makes it and doesn't kill anyone. they aren't his target. from there we get more of the intrigue of his past with a new player, noah vosen, who seems to know everything about bourne and will protect it at all costs. pamela landy is back as well as nicky parsons who seems to have a past with bourne as well.the cinematography is in your face following tight on practically everything. the car chase is even more intense if that seems possible than the ones from the first two. and the veteran cast chasing bourne is superb with a nice part by albert finney. it also has slight political overtones in relationship to rendition and other government policies, but that is minor and integrated very well within the plot. all in all this is the best of the trilogy conclusions this year, if not the best action trilogy ever.

i will begin by saying i am very pleased with this climax of the bourne trilogy. please, oh please don't ruin it by doing a sequel years from now or a prequel. just leave it alone. right..moving on.as talented and versatile as matt damon is...it seems as though he was just meant to play jason bourne.if you are a fan of the first two bourne movies, you will not be disappointed by the third installment. it sticks to what works and adds a little more. i was very pleased to see how well all the information we obtain in 'identity' and 'supremacy' all mesh in 'ultimatum' to finally paint the full picture of jason bourne's troubled past. the action sequences are fast paced and keeps you on the edge of your seat. the fights between bourne and the assassins are always fun to watch. i have always been a fan of movies surrounding cia agents and how the cia gather their intel and this movie is right up that street, making it even more exciting for me.if you choose to watch the bourne ultimatum without watching the previous 2 installments..you will still thoroughly enjoy the movie but i would still recommend you watch them first. this would allow you to fully understand the character jason bourne and become attached and be a part of his world. this allows you to appreciate and enjoy the movie even more. i'm not sure which is the better of the first 2 but i personally think 'ultimatum' might, just might, have the edge when comparing the trilogy.

having not seen the previous two in the trilogy of bourne movies, i was a little reluctant to watch the bourne ultimatum.however it was a very thrilling experience and i didn't have the problem of not understanding what was happening due to not seeing the first two films. each part of the story was easy to understand and i fell in love with the bourne ultimatum before it had reached the interval! i don't think i have ever watched such an exquisitely made, and gripping film, especially an action film. since i usually shy away from action and thriller type movies, this was such great news to me. ultimatum is one of the most enthralling films, it grabs your attention from the first second till the last minute before the credits roll.matt damon was simply fantastic as his role as jason bourne. i've heard a lot about his great performances in the bourne 1+2, and now, this fabulous actor has one more to add to his list. i look forward to seeing more of his movies in the future.the stunts were handled with style - each one was done brilliantly and i was just shocked by the impressiveness of this movie. well done.

"the bourne ultimatum" begins recklessly mid-chase and in pulse-pounding fashion explodes from there as jason bourne (matt damon, absolutely superb) tracks down the masterminds behind the cia black-ops that turned him into the perfect killer in a final attempt to learn his true identity. a devastatingly icy david strathairn as the "man behind the curtain" is added to the returning cast of regulars including joan allen (excellent) and julia stiles (non-existent).like the second entry in the series, i wished paul greengrass' shaky hand-held camera would go static at least for the few minutes of downtime. however, that being said, it's a perfect way to capture the tense, claustrophobic feel of the intimate hand-to-hand-combat scenes and works equally well in the chase scenes which are mostly on foot and across rooftops with the occasional big car pile-up. part of the fun of the bourne series is the constant globe-hopping and manipulation of technology and communications that seem to defy the laws of physics and current capabilities. the bourne films seem to exist in some sort of gritty hyper-reality that is full of technological-based magic. it makes no sense that everyone seems to be just in the right place at the right time, but i'll be damned if it isn't a blast to watch them get there.with the absence of the emotive and involving franka potente, the writers attempt to create some emotional connection between damon and stiles, but she is so blank-faced an actress it never really leads to anything. still, this can be forgiven, for unlike the "identity" and the "supremacy", this "ultimatum" reveals all and we finally learn the truth about bourne's past. it's an entertaining and satisfying conclusion to the series, and if they have any good sense, and damon gets his wish, this will be the perfect end to it.

paul greengrass definitely saved the best bourne for last! i've heard a lot of people complain about they way he filmed this movie, and some have even compared the camera style to the blair witch project. all i have to say to that is...are you kidding me? come on it was not that bad at all. i think it helps the action scenes to feel more realistic, which i would prefer over highly stylized stunt choreography. as for the rest of the movie i really didn't even notice it.you can tell that damon has really gotten comfortable with the role of jason bourne. sometimes that can be a bad thing, but in this case its a really good thing. he really becomes jason bourne in this installment. damon also has a great supporting cast in joan allen, ezra kramer, and julia stiles. david strathairn was a great addition to the cast, as he added more depth to the secret cia organization.even though the movie is filled with great car chases and nonstop action, they managed to stick a fair amount of character development in their with all of that going on. this film stands far above the other two bourne movies, and is definitely one of the best movies of the 2007 summer season!

when the bourne identity arrived five years ago i have to confess that i didn't think much of it. at the time i was eleven years old, so perhaps i was too young to really get into the storyline and understand the whole scenario. two years ago when the bourne supremacy arrived i thought it was a better movie than identity but still didn't think it was as good as i expected it to be judging by the trailers. over the past two years i had been told numerous times that the bourne movies were amazing, many a time i had to bite my tongue and not say what i really thought about the movies. until two months ago i couldn't have given a damn about the bourne ultimatum, i really had no intentions of watching it. but then i decided to go back and re-watch the first two before i came to any abrupt decisions. so i went out and bought both the original movies. and what a surprise it was to me when i was gripped by them. identity i found the superior of the two, but supremacy isn't far behind. they're both slick, action packed and thrilling pieces of cinema that i have watched numerous times since i bought them. because of this i was first in line today to see the bourne ultimatum. and boy did bourne ultimatum not disappoint! matt damon was never one of my favourite actors until he appeared in the bourne movies, i'd seen him in the talented mr ripley, but i never thought much of him in general. however, it appears he was born to play bourne (pardon the pun). throughout this series we have seen the character change before our very eyes, in this movie we see matt damon at his very best, even better than he was in the departed and i thought he was one of the best things in the departed. you really do find yourself caring for the character and hoping that he finds out everything. matt damon plays the role with a quiet intensity and you always find his character extremely believable. the supporting cast of the movie were also absolutely outstanding. joan allen was one of my favourite things in bourne supremacy, here she excels herself. her character is also very believable and she has some superbly acted moments towards the end of the movie. julia stiles turns up again as nicky and finally we learn a bit about her character. julia stiles is a very underrated actress and i think she deserves a lot more roles, well decent roles, than she gets. david strathairn is a newcomer to this series as noah vosen, he's definitely the bad guy of the movie and he really excels. he's definitely the nastiest character we've met, and some of the decisions he makes are truly nasty. strathairn relishes the role and he too gets some superb scenes in the movie. special mention must also go to albert finney who makes the most of his all too brief screen time, i will not say anything about the character, that's best left as a surprise, but trust me his scenes are some of the highlights of the movie.the bourne movies have always had a strict focus on the storyline more than the action sequences, this isn't to say the trilogy lacks action sequences, good god no there's loads of them dotted all throughout the movies. but running throughout the movie is a very well written and well acted storyline. this storyline concludes in the best way imaginable in this movie. as i watched supremacy the night before i saw ultimatum it was nice because i could notice certain little parts. that very final scene in supremacy, in new york, a lot more important that i ever imagined at the time. won't spoil it for people but i recommend checking up on supremacy before you see ultimatum. unfortunately though for a lot of people they will go to see ultimatum purely because of the action sequences. this is the part where i should condemn such people and say they should see it for the storyline, but i'd be lying if i didn't say that my favourite parts of the bourne series as a whole are the car chases. the mini car chase in identity is one of my favourite car chases of all time. well the action in ultimatum has to be the best of the bourne series. in fact the movie kicks off with an action sequence in moscow. so in the duration of the movie we get numerous punch ups, all very violent and shockingly brutal. a bike chase that is absolutely amazing, many foot chases which are even more amazing, a thrilling car chase that is unforgettable, and oh so much more! but the highlight for me has to be the scene in waterloo station, won't ruin it but for some reason had me gripped.so any flaws for the movie? in my eyes no, but if you are not a fan of the bourne series or have not seen the previous two then i wouldn't recommend ultimatum for you. the movie doesn't try to win over any new fans as it sticks to what the franchise does best and just adds a nice bit more storyline and action sequences on top. the bourne ultimatum is undoubtedly the best of the series and the best blockbuster of 2007. as a james bond fanatic it is a great honour for me to say that ultimatum is a lot better than a majority of the bond movies, and trust me it takes a lot for me to say that. while bourne as a whole might not be a better franchise than the bond series, it is definitely nearly its equal.

i have never been one to shy away from saying that most action films just plain do nothing for me. most times they are blatant vehicles to blow stuff up, show off sexy models, and throw any semblance of reality or intelligence out the window. with that said, the bourne series has been fantastic. doug liman ushered in a new take on action by using a more cinema verite style, showing the fights in full force and making our super spy someone we can relate to emotionally as well as humanly. this is not the sci-fi absurdity that was bond (before they did an overhaul in the style of this series no less). there was a lot to worry for when the bourne supremacy came out. with director paul greengrass taking over, what could have been a second-hand copy of the original ended up being an improvement in style and flair. the stakes were raised and the story was enhanced because of it. greengrass needs to be given a ton of credit for being able to keep up appearances with the latest installment, the bourne ultimatum. in what is an amazing conclusion to a top-notch trilogy, the action is brought to a new level and story and performance are never compromised.once again, bourne is brought into the minds of the cia by false pretenses. someone has leaked information about the treadstone upgrade called blackbriar and once bourne is located trying to converse with the newswriter who broke the story, he is assumed to be the mole. only pamela landy, she who was on the case to find him in supremacy, knows that he can't be the one. bourne's motive has always been to stay clear of the government and live his life in peace. it has been the cia who keeps bringing him back into the open to wreak havoc on them. what ends up transpiring is that bourne wants to know the source as well to finally find out the truth of who he is and what made him into a killer. the film, then, becomes a chase against time and each other to find the source and see if the government can close the breach and tie off all loose ends, or if bourne can get his revenge on those who took his life from him.in what is probably the simplest storyline of the series, with only one chase lasting the entirety of the story, it has possibly the biggest cast of characters and turning over of loyalties to expose the corruption that has been behind the full story progression. this is not a detriment at all, however, as it allows for more fights and car chases that work in full context to the plot. admission to this film is worth it for the apartment fight, between bourne and the cia's second asset, alone. the chase jumping through windows in madrid is cool on its own, but when they finally meet up, we get a ten minute or so fight that is as invigorating to watch as any scene you'll see. also, rather than using a massive car chase as a climatic set piece like in the first two films, we instead get around three small scale road races, just as intense, but staggered enough to never bog the action down into monotony.after five years of waiting, we also find out the origin of our favorite operative with heart and feeling. by the end of the film we will find out what has been the cause of all the espionage and destruction that has taken place around him. no one could have done it better than matt damon. he has the physique and attitude to be believable in the action sequences, but also the range to pull off the moments of intelligence and cat and mouse correspondence with those against him. joan allen reprises her role with the same amount of dedication to her job, but also a bit more disenchantment for what is going on around her after how brian cox's character, from the first two films, took matters into his own hands. needing a role in that mold, we are given a nice turn from david strathairn. like cox, he is working at the top of the food chain and answers to no one when making a decision. with as much trying to cover up any connections to his bosses of the blackbriar program as he is trying to do his duty to his country, you can never quite gauge what he will be capable of doing. even the little guys do a wonderful job, like paddy considine as the reporter who starts the leak at the center of everything, albert finney as a man from bourne's past and possibly key to his origin, and edgar ramirez as one of the cia's operatives sent to take bourne out. ramirez is a nice addition to the role that has been successfully played by clive owen (identity), karl urban, and martin csokas (supremacy). he doesn't talk much, if at all, but he has the look and robotic efficiency down pat and hopefully will get more roles to show what he can do post a nice turn in domino.in the end, one has to applaud paul greengrass for continuing to exceed expectations and bring this series to a conclusion that builds on the success of its predecessors rather than destroy them. his skill at the close-up hand-held look is astonishing and has the same kinetic energy as tony scott, but without quite the seizure-inducing cuts. rather than feel like over- production, his use of hand-held enhances the environment and puts you directly into the action. let's also credit cinematographer oliver wood, who shot all three bourne films. he was able to work with both directors and work his style into a nice harmony with them.

this is the first 10 out of 10 that i've given any movie. what made this movie so good for me? constant action - there isn't any slow parts, great acting, smart writing. i also liked the filming style where the shakiness and different angles just made it feel like you are a part of the scene. finally, i get to see an action movie that doesn't try to please all sectors of the public (i.e. there's no forced romance).i liked the first two bourne movies, but i loved this one.warning - after watching this movie, you will be full of adrenaline and you may want to calm down a bit before driving your car!

jason bourne sits in a dusty room in with blood on his hands, trying to make sense of what he's just done. meanwhile, a cia chief in nyc outlines the agency's response to what's just happened on screen. an american flag stands proudly on the centre of his desk in the foreground of the shot, but as he speaks, it slips out of focus as his plan veers into morally dubious territory, as if it doesn't want to be associated with the course of action the government man decides is necessary in the interests of national security.this shot effectively captures the mood of the film. as well as portraying bourne's quest to find out how he became jason bourne, ultimatum is also an examination of the human costs of the measures taken to protect us in the interests of stability and security.it is also probably the best film you'll see in the cinema this year. it's just so intense. bourne says to simon ross (considine) "this isn't some newspaper story, this is real" and in the audience you almost believe him. the camera shakes, but remains steady enough for you to see everything and feel like you're there with bourne as he tries to elude his pursuers, and the performances are so good that these guys seem as though they are the characters they're portraying, instead of just being actors performing well-written roles. the action scenes are so brutally fast-paced and well choreographed that they seem instinctive instead of planned to the minutest movement; the stunt-work is nothing short of amazing.the pacing is just incredible. it keeps driving forward towards its conclusion, but not so fast that it leaves you struggling to piece together the plot; the script delivers the information you need as quickly and clearly as possible before moving on to the next tense action set-piece. while they're often simple (the waterloo sequence is essentially just a man on a phone being watched by a man on a phone) they're charged with such dramatic intensity that you can't take your eyes off them. the film is just so focused on powering forwards that you can't help being swept along by it.with its intense action set-pieces, brilliantly paced storyline, and intelligent examination of the decisions made in the name of national security, the bourne series is one that accurately captures the ambiguities of our age. ultimatum is its peak.

the bourne ultimatum (2007) review: after a thrilling set of two, we get the final installment. here's my take:the bourne ultimatum has it all. we have jason bourne(matt damon) on the coattails of the ones who know everything. he has been running for too long. this time, it ends.the bourne ultimatum has a great plot, awesome writing, fantastic direction, suspense, and some of the best action of the summer. matt damon delivers possibly his best performance to date. he has the conviction and swelling desire of the troubled assassin.there are some intelligent humor here and some fine suspense. the reactions to certain events will have you either laughing(in a good way) or cheering on. (or both) i heard a lot of intelligent laughter in the theater and lots of clapping. the audience was loving it.the bourne ultimatum delivers all in a nicely gift-wrapped package. all of the goods and then some. this is, in my opinion the best movie this summer.the last word: excellent conclusion. the best of the trilogy. this is how summer movie thrillers should be done. i love the bourne trilogy.

i don't hand out ten star ratings easily. a movie really has to impress me, and the bourne ultimatum has gone far beyond that. furthermore, this trilogy has come together so nicely, that i believe it to be one of the greatest motion picture trilogies of our time. though all three films could not be any more different from the ludlum novels, they still stand as a powerful landmark in cinematic achievement. the bourne ultimatum made me want to cry that the series was complete, yet i could not even attempt to stop smiling for hours.from the moment that the opening title appeared, i knew we were in for a ride. paul greengrass has done it again. everything we love from the previous bourne films is here once again: the action, the dialogue, and of course the shaky camera. however for me, that last one was never a problem. i think it adds to the suspense.i will be back to see this film several times before it is released on dvd, simply because it is genius. it is a perfectly satisfying conclusion, and should stand the test of time as a fantastic movie, and altogether, an unforgettable trilogy.

emilio miraglia's first giallo feature, the night evelyn came out of the grave, was a great combination of giallo and gothic horror - and this second film is even better! we've got more of the giallo side of the equation this time around, although miraglia doesn't lose the gothic horror stylings that made the earlier film such a delight. miraglia puts more emphasis on the finer details of the plot this time around, and as a result it's the typical giallo labyrinth, with characters all over the place and red herrings being thrown in every few minutes. this is a definite bonus for the film, however, as while it can get a little too confusing at times; there's always enough to hold the audience's interest and miraglia's storytelling has improved since his earlier movie. the plot opens with a scene that sees two young girls fighting, before their grandfather explains to them the legend behind a rather lurid painting in their castle. the legend revolves around a woman called 'the red queen' who, legend has it, returns from the grave every hundred years and kills seven people. a few years later, murders begin to occur...even though he only made two giallo's, miraglia does have his own set of tributes. it's obvious that the colour red is important to him, as it features heavily in both films; and he appears to have something against women called 'evelyn'. he likes castles, gothic atmospheres and stylish murders too - which is fine by me! miraglia may be no argento when it comes to spilling blood, but he certainly knows how to drop an over the top murder into his film; and here we have delights involving a volkswagen beetle, and a death on an iron fence that is one of my all time favourite giallo death scenes. the female side of the cast is excellent with the stunning barbara bouchet and marina malfatti heading up an eye-pleasing cast of ladies that aren't afraid to take their clothes off! the score courtesy of bruno nicolai is catchy, and even though it doesn't feature much of the psychedelic rock heard in the night evelyn came out of the grave; it fits the film well. the ending is something of a turn-off, as although miraglia revs up the gothic atmosphere, it comes across as being more than a little bit rushed and the identity of the murderer is too obvious. but even so, this is a delightfully entertaining giallo and one that i highly recommend to fans of the genre!

this interesting giallo boosts a typical but still thrilling plot and a really sadistic killer that obviously likes to hunt his victims down before murdering them in gory ways.directed by emilio p. miraglia who, one year earlier, also made the very interesting "la notte che evelyn usci della tomba" (see also my comment on that one), the film starts off a little slow, but all in all, no time is wasted with unnecessary sub plots or sequences.this film is a german-italian coproduction, but it was released in germany on video only in a version trimmed by 15 minutes of plot under the stupid title "horror house". at least the murder scenes, which will satisfy every gorehound, are fully intact, and the viewer still gets the killer's motive at the end. but the italian version containing all the footage is still the one to look for, of course.a convincing giallo with obligatory twists and red herrings, "la dama rossa uccide sette volte" is highly recommended to giallo fans and slightly superior to miraglia's above mentioned other thriller.

its time to pay tribute to the great charton heston after his recent passing but this film is not the one. his other films of a past generation were ben hur, the ten commandents, omega man and planet of the apes were his better works.this film made in 1973 attempts to prophesies a future earth , in 2022, that is so overpopulated that the human race has been manipulated by authorities to eat a universally produced food product called "soylent green" which is manufactured with human flesh. this bizarre and implausible film was as ridiculous at the time of its release as it is now and assumes india's population which would be about 2 billion by that stage would be then meat eaters without knowing it.charlton heston's character this supers secret international conspiracy that world powers have concocted to meet the nutritional demands of overpopulation by using cannibalism.unfortunately for the producers of this film the green message they deliver is not the greens party of today's ethos thank god. cannibalism was practiced by the indigenous populations in new zealand , fiji and borneo up until only 40 years before this film was made but has been long abandoned by human civilization.another silly prediction in the film is that women become quasi sex slaves turning back the tide of radical feminism which was on the rise in 1972 when this film was made.the film was stupid then and is as silly now but does contain a very unmemorable last film performance by the late and great edward g. robinson but still no a valid reason to revisit the film other than for academic reasons.this is a dud of a film and i wouldn't even recommend it to baby boomers or charlton heston fans. all the other reviews of this film i have read all sound the same referring to a dystopian society in the future of which the centralised theme only seems to involve the usa in which an ecological disaster has occurred.the only merit in the film is that earth does face overpopulation.

in terms of the arts, the 1970s were a very turbulent era. in literature and the visual arts, it was the closing of a great fifty or sixty year period of creativity that has yet to be restarted. in music it was a decade that many see as a low point, due to corporate rock and disco. on television it was a golden age for situation comedies, from the odd couple to the mary tyler moore show to m*a*s*h to all in the family, but in film it was even a greater period of creativity, in all genres, that saw the rise of the american auteur- directors like robert altman, francis ford coppola, and martin scorsese- from the ashes of the old studio systems that had dominated hollywood for over half a century. these directors wanted to craft literate, arts films for the masses, of the sort that had been staples in europe since the end of the second world war. yet, the studios were trying to keep pace, with socially aware films of the sort not seen since the 1930s.but, unlike the films of the 1930s, starring actors like jimmy cagney and john garfield (usually co-starring the dead end kids), that dealt with social issues in a gritty realistic way, or as realistic as one could get on a sound stage, the social consciousness of the late 1960s and early 1970s manifested itself most in science fiction films, which allowed the left wing of hollywood to preach to the masses under the guise of what most considered little above comic strip entertainment. there was precedent for this approach, for several of the flying saucer films of the 1950s dealt with the political zeitgeist of the mccarthy era- most notably the day the earth stood still and invasion of the body snatchers. and the early 1960s saw rod serling constantly subverting the political conservatism of the time by casting social issues into science fiction settings on his classic sci fi television anthology show the twilight zone. among the studio offerings of this time were the ecologically sensitive silent running; george lucas's first film thx 1138, which dealt with consumerism, group think, and existentialism; and logan's run, which hammered away at communism and state control versus the rights of an individual. some of the film's references are quite heavyhanded- and reek of the then current arab oil crisis and rampant inflation. a few jarred strawberries cost $150, and soylent rations its assorted colored foods- soylent yellow, soylent red, and the new soylent green, reputedly made from 'the finest undersea growth,' in a manner not unlike the gas rationing of the time. scenes of food riots are eerie echoes of the oil riots at many gas stations during the year of the film's release, and the scenes of crowding, and bodies, live and dead, lying all about are still chilling, as well as influential. a later film like escape from new york is an obvious progeny. the rest of the script, by stanley r. greenberg, however, is rather pedestrian, and fairly standard for a dystopian flick, but fleischer and cinematographer richard h. kline do a great job of filling the screen with interesting images and sounds, to spice things up. the use of soft, dimly lit visuals, murkily filtered, add a stygian feel to the new york of the film, almost like a colorized version of carl theodor dreyer's vampyr. the only light in the film comes from artificial sources, and were it not for the fashion faux pas the film could truly seem timeless.the end of the film, where thorn sneaks into the processing plant where human corpses are made into soylent green wafers, is both chilling, and oddly drama-less. in the end, the soylent minions hunt thorn down, but he survives long enough to utter the film's catchphrase to chief hatcher. yet, one does not know if it is enough, for hatcher has already been co-opted, and has a track record of taking the easy way out. yet, that fact, and its ambiguity, shows that the film does not recapitulate its characters' dilemmas, and has a depth many later, better made films, sci fi or not, do not have. it is also why soylent green is still a film worth watching.

"soylent green" is one of the best and most disturbing science fiction movies of the 70's and still very persuasive even by today's standards. although flawed and a little dated, the apocalyptic touch and the environmental premise (typical for that time) still feel very unsettling and thought-provoking. this film's quality-level surpasses the majority of contemporary sf flicks because of its strong cast and some intense sequences that i personally consider classic. the new york of 2022 is a depressing place to be alive, with over-population, unemployment, an unhealthy climate and the total scarcity of every vital food product. the only form of food available is synthetic and distributed by the soylent company. charlton heston (in a great shape) plays a cop investigating the murder of one of soylent's most eminent executives and he stumbles upon scandals and dark secrets... the script is a little over-sentimental at times and the climax doesn't really come as a big surprise, still the atmosphere is very tense and uncanny. the riot-sequence is truly grueling and easily one of the most macabre moments in 70's cinema. edward g. robinson is ultimately impressive in his last role and there's a great (but too modest) supportive role for joseph cotton ("baron blood", "the abominable dr. phibes"). this is science-fiction in my book: a nightmarish and inevitable fade for humanity! no fancy space-ships with hairy monsters attacking our planet.

in this movie the year 2022 looks much like the seventies. this is amusing at first, but soon the viewer perceives how very different that decadent futuristic world is despite the appearances, how many things that we take for granted could become unavailable.characters often interact in a peculiar way, with no tact or manners or respect. i believe this is intentional, not bad acting. after all, who witnessed the social changes in the 60s and 70s may well assume that by 2022 an overpopulated city's inhabitants behave like that.i didn't like most of the action scenes, apart the death of the priest: too cheap even for the seventies. the plot isn't too polished. but the great scenes and ideas - like the death of sol, the way rioters and dead bodies are dealt with, the "furniture" - outweigh the shortcomings of this film.8 out of 10.

this movie has very good acting by virtually all the cast, a gripping story with a chilling ending, great music, and excellent visuals without significant special effects. it is interesting to note though that, like so much science fiction, its predictions for the future don't appear likely to come to pass as early as depicted. that's not to say we're out of the woods yet, but 2022 is now obviously too soon to be in this condition. it shares this failing with a fairly illustrious list of science fiction classics: "1984", "2001: a space odyssey (compare its space station with our international space station) and isaac asimov's "i robot" (positronic brains were to have been invented in the 1990's).

soylent green is a classic. i have been waiting for someone to re-do it.they seem to be remaking sci-fi classics these days (i.e. war of the worlds)and i am hoping some director/producer will re-do soylent green. with todays computer animation and technology, it would have the potential to be a great picture. anti-utopian films may not be that far-fetched. the human race breeds like roaches with no outside influence to curtail it. we, as humans, have the option of putting the kibosh on the procreation of lesser species if they get out of hand, but there's nothing to control human breeding except for ourselves. despite all the diseases, wars, abortions, birth control, etc. the human race still multiplies like bacteria in a petri dish. classic malthusian economics states that any species, including humans, will multiply beyond their means of subsistence. 6 billion and growing....that's obscene.

this movie came to me highly recommended by matt groening. well actually i watched both the simpsons and futurama and it gets a mention in both so i figured "what the heck". the film brings home a few "what if's" that make you realise how lucky we are in this day and age where we take simple things like soap and water for granted. interesting though that in the year 2022 men are still shaving with a single blade safety razor! nice that those responsible didn't over load the film with unnecessary special effects, ray guns, etc. some nice looking 'furniture' once you figure out what that means. remember, "tuesday is soylent green day"

in the '70s, charlton heston starred in sci-fi flicks of varying quality. "soylent green" is one of the better ones. he plays robert thorn, a detective in 2022 new york. in this future, most food is so expensive that everyone needs a product called soylent green. but when thorn finds out the unsavory truth about this product, he finds himself on the run.i guess that it's only natural that this movie should seem dated to us nowadays. but even so, it still brings up interesting questions about what will become of our agriculture. also starring leigh taylor-young, chuck connors, brock peters, joseph cotten and edward g. robinson (in his final role).

i've seen tons of science fiction from the 70s; some horrendously bad, and others thought provoking and truly frightening. soylent green fits into the latter category. yes, at times it's a little campy, and yes, the furniture is good for a giggle or two, but some of the film seems awfully prescient. here we have a film, 9 years before blade runner, that dares to imagine the future as somthing dark, scary, and nihilistic. both charlton heston and edward g. robinson fare far better in this than the ten commandments, and robinson's assisted-suicide scene is creepily prescient of kevorkian and his ilk. some of the attitudes are dated (can you imagine a filmmaker getting away with the "women as furniture" concept in our oh-so-politically-correct-90s?), but it's rare to find a film from the me decade that actually can make you think. this is one i'd love to see on the big screen, because even in a widescreen presentation, i don't think the overall scope of this film would receive its due. check it out.

this is a great movie but there could be more about soylent green. there should be more scenes of what they do to people. how people act in 2022. i think it would be neat to see if all this does happen in the year 2022 and beyond. even if you still know what the secret is it is a great movie. so go rent or buy this movie right now!!

not often have i had the feeling of a movie it could be visionary. but clearly this movie has the seed of a premonition.we should not tend to be alarmists and see armageddon in something because it seems to fit our emotions of the moment. but, didn't we say this of "1984" ? had james orwell known the internet becoming reality not long after 1984; in fact it was in 1994; he might have reconsidered writing his story the way he did. hindsight rewarded.it doesn't matter. what does matter is that we often regard ourselves as superior to our surroundings but indeed become emotional about a "love apple" when necessity knocks at our door. a snapshot of ourselves at old age.whatever the time-line will prove to be for us, i know for a fact we haven't seen the beginning of it yet.

especially for a time when not much science fiction was being filmed (1973), this is a terrific vision of a future where everything has gone wrong. too many people, and nothing works. the only people who can live in comfort are the rich. it's set in new york in 2022 (i think), and it reminds you of your worst vision of calcutta.i got to appreciate charlton heston's acting after seeing him in orson welles' touch of evil. he was (maybe is) capable of portraying a range of heroic or semi-heroic people. here, he is torn between being a cop who is just a little bit corrupt (taking rare food treats from the rich), and being totally corrupt (actively condoning evil). the movie all seems to take place at night, and sweat is dripping off everyone, except in one of the rare air-conditioned apartments. even though i hadn't seen it before, i knew the famous ending (which will not here be revealed), but the ending is certainly foreshadowed.great scenes with edward g. robinson: going to the council (made up of elderly jews with heavy accents, so it seems), where the truth is revealed. and then going off to the thanatopsis to check out.gritty, pre-star wars dystopian science fiction.

my evaluation: 8/10i like a lot this movie. compare to today brainless movie (just action and special effet and nothing new about ideas), "soylent green" ask to something that today doesn't exist anymore: to think.well it would not a big surprise a day human eat "cookies" which are create with body of human. with all what happen on this planet, and to see how people are so indifferent to all, this kind of future is possible.sure this movie take some age but the idea behind the movie is actual again. rich at paradise, other in the hell. well a luck today they are tv and idiocy like "reality show".tv is a good wash brain. it's pity to see that intelligence of human have not progress like technologies. since writing all stop.if you like reality show this movie is not for you. if you believe all politician same too. if you don't like ask yourself question about now and future well never look this movie.

soylent green i found to be an excellent movie.if you like logan's run you'll like this.yes the movie is old and there are no special effects and some of the acting can somewhat be best described as "cheesy" but the story is excellent.the story of how the world can be and its impact on society is very poignant.at the end the mystery wasn't a mystery but the story unfolded in an easy at the right pace.it's nearest modern day equivalent would be "dark angel" in terms of how the us is shown to be third-world country.

is this the future that awaits us? an overpopulated, unforgiving wasteland with a hellish, unwanted existence? this film brings to mind a problem that still plagues us, doubly so since the film was released in back in 1973. let's hope that the world isn't going to end up like this...soylent green is a wild movie that i enjoyed very much. it had likable characters, a semi-apocalyptic setting, a compelling and thought-provoking storyline, and the macho-est macho man out there: charleton heston. richard fleischer gave the movie a very unpleasant, dirty feel. you're almost choked by the stench from the city and its filthy inhabitants.the characters are wonderful. charleton heston, who has become one of my favorite actors, is thorn. the man created this role of badass, yet likable tough-guy. i could definitely put myself in thorn's shoes. he sees that something isn't right, but everyone around him either doesn't listen (more like paid not to listen) or wants him dead. edward g. robinson (in his last film, r.i.p.) plays the lovable old sol, who has had enough of this nasty place. everyone else is great, especially leigh taylor-young as shirl, a piece of "furniture" that comes with the apartment in which she resides.the special effects are fantastic, even for 1973. the soylent green factory, the futuristic apartments, and especially the "scoops" (bulldozers that get rid of people) were excellent. the polluted air outside looks disgusting and very nasty. the empty city streets filled with the vile and putrid people are very unsettling.one final note is the ending, which even now still shocked me. it is gruesome, but if you think about it, it's a pretty good idea.the bottom line: an excellent 70's science fiction flick that makes you think and leaves you feeling very uneasy.

truly amazing film, the concept as a possible prophetic vision of the future is frightening. a world vastly overpopulated, unbearable heat due to the damaged ozone layer, and all our natural resources spent. in this nightmarish degenerate society we have the great charlton heston as a likable film noirish style detective trying to fathom the truth behind a murder, opposite the film noir legend edward g robinson turning in a fine last performance.one of the images that will always stay with me from this film, is the masses of people that populate the stairwells and the way in which thorne (heston) has to hop through them every time he uses them.the movie's use of music is note worthy too, although it contains no score in the usual sense, the opening theme is good, and the subsequent snatches of music we here in simonson's apartment, and especially the beethoven pieces in the euthanasia clinic are outstandingly atmospheric.

nyc, 2022: the greenhouse effect, vanished oceans, grinding unemployment and scarcity of water, power and food.. and new york's population has topped 40 million. this is a little gem of a picture, not least because a resource-depleted future is a reality for us 21st century citizens. the low-budget opening titles of this movie are great: set to music, a low-tech 'tape-slide' sequence composed entirely of archive stills from the dawn of photography right up to 1973, depicts an unspoiled american pastoral developing into a polluted and crowded hell in less than 2 minutes. succinct and unambiguous, it's truly memorable. budget limitations are also behind rather unimaginative cinematography and other constraints, at odds with the story's brilliant premise. the police station sequences are like an episode of some 70's tv detective show, and the other interior sets look basic at best. the budget probably all went on trying to 'futurise' the soylent executive's 'chelsea west' apartment with state-of-the art goodies, meaning the other costumes are perfunctory, some establishing shots are bizarrely underpopulated and the daytime exteriors seemingly all shot through a smoke filter.the memorable scene where sol and thorn (charlton heston) share a meal of expensive and rare food neatly summarises their society: they enjoy real bourbon, lettuce, celery, tomato, apple, and beef, and we really sense their lip-smacking appreciation of someone else's wealthy privileges.robinson's pivotal death scene, in which his character is willingly euthenased at a place called 'home', depicts him immersed in images of the world's once-beautiful flora and fauna as he remembered them, beautifully contrasted with the jaundiced thorn's dawning realization that the future has been bankrupted, among other horrors.this is one smart film, and its core message is as pertinent today as it was in the early 70s. yes, i know we're not eating the dead yet, but with our resource-sapping longevity, spiraling poverty gap, corporate global capitalism and unchecked habitat destruction leading to climate change, the lasting prediction of 'soylent green' may come to pass.

the world of the 1973 sci-fi drama soylent green is what we could be seeing if we aren't careful. it is a world in which new york city's population has topped the 40 million mark in the year 2022. overpopulation, air pollution, year-long heat waves, and food shortages are the rule. the only hope comes from a food product called soylent green. but what is this particular food stuff really made of? that question is at the heart of this admittedly somewhat dated but still intriguing film, based on harry harrison's 1966 novel "make room! make room!" charlton heston stars as thorne, an nypd detective who comes across the murder of a top corporate executive (joseph cotten). as it turns out, cotten was on the board of directors of the soylent corporation, the people responsible for all those food stuffs that the people have to consume in lieu of the real thing. heston believes that this wasn't just a garden-variety murder, that cotten was bumped off for a reason. he gets a lot of help from his slightly cantankerous but very astute "book" (edward g. robinson, in his 101st and final cinematic appearance), and a few timely reminders of what the world used to be like. what robinson finds out about soylent green shocks him beyond all imagination; but before he can tell heston all of what he knows, he has himself euthanized. and when heston does indeed find out the secret of soylent green...well, that part has become immortalized into cinematic history.under the very professional guiding hand of director richard fleischer (the boston strangler; fantastic voyage), soylent green is a fairly grim but thought-provoking look at a dystopian future that humanity might be living if we don't curb our tendency to strip our planet of its natural resources. indeed, this was a project that heston himself had had in mind for filming as far back as 1968, after he had struck gold in the sci-fi genre with planet of the apes--a fact that probably gets lost whenever his ultra-conservative political philosophy comes up in conversation (after all, soylent green is hardly a tract for unrestrained capitalism). robinson, as always, is the consummate professional in his last role; the sequence where he is euthanized (as he looks at video of the world from a better era, set to the music of tchaikovsky, beethoven, and grieg) is quite simply heartbreaking. the film also benefits from solid supporting help from chuck connors (as a very convincing heavy), brock peters (as heston's superior), and leigh taylor-young as the woman who tries to help heston in his inquiries.it must seem easy these days to dismiss soylent green for being dated. but those who do it ought to think twice; for this film's world may end up becoming ours in actuality if we don't watch what we do with what we have today.

the time is the future and for many not aware of it, that day is now. in this final movie for legendary actor, edward g. robinson, "solent green" becomes a landmark classic. many a film buff and environmentalist believe this is our eventual history. the movie is taken from the novel entitled, 'make room, make room' but who's working title was changed to "solent green." the story concerns the earth as it evolves into the future with the world's environmental problems becoming nothing short of catastrophic. the planet's natural resources have been exhausted and basic food has been reduced to simple staples. they come in a variety of colors, such as solent yellow, solent red, and now 'solent green.' however there are those who know the 'real' ingredient in solent green and cringe at their own culpability and fear divine retribution. the first is a food executive named william r. simonson (joseph cotton). upon his death, a dedicated police detective called robert thorn (charleston heston) seeks the truth behind his apparent suicide. although corruption goes all the way to the top, it begins with simonsons' bodyguard, tad fielding (chuck connors) and security chief donnovan (roy jenson) who target thorn for a waste desposal factory. thorn's boss, lt. hatcher (brock peters) believes his suspicions but warns him of those 'higher and hot' who want the case closed, but thorn will not risk his "job" for an easy way out. what thorn discovers marks him for death, but like the film, awaits a final warning. ****

as with all environmentally aware films from the 1970s soylent green has a rather cheesy view of what ecological meltdown is . overpopulation means there`s too many people to feed ? i was under the impression that famines were caused by either war or failed economic policies . stalin`s policy in the soviet union in the 1930s left millions dead because of famine and to this day the greatest man made tragedy was mao`s rural policy in china which led over 30 million starvation deaths in the 1950s . and let`s not forget the great famines in the horn of africa in the 1980s and 90s which were to do with conflicts not overpopulation . you might like to also consider that two of the most heavily populated areas on earth , hong kong and macau , have never suffered a famine in modern times . likewise the expansion of shanty towns around cities as seen here isn`t strictly down to overpopulation - it`s down to economic factors where people flock to cities to find better paid work than in the countryside ( it`s a symptom of industrial progress - not of too many births ) so the image of the streets of new york city being too congested to walk through and of having people sleep in stairwells is somewhat laughablebut don`t be fooled into thinking soylent green is a pile of corny tree hugging crap because i consider this to be the best ecological film of the70s . it plays on the contempary audience`s knowledge of the world where sol and thorn are beside themselves with joy at finding fruit , brandy and fresh meat . thorn gasps in amazement at having ice in his whisky , puffs on a cigarette and delivers the classic line " if i could afford it i`d smoke two , maybe three of these a day " . but it`s the visage of the euthanasia chamber that`s memorable as thorn gazes at the images of wild animals , flowers , running water and snow covered mountains , a world thorn`s generation has never known . this is a very haunting scene which makes soylent green a very memorable film , combined with the fact it features the final screen appearance of edward g robinson as the wise old jew sol roth

this was a very thought provoking film, especially for 1973. at the time it was actually a huge box office success. after the 1970s it appeared to be forgotten, but its central messages were too important to disappear completely.it was actually at least fifteen years ahead of its time...no one had ever heard of the 'greenhouse effect'before 1985, and the controversial subject of euthanasia was rarely brought up.the sets and special effects might look a little outdated, but big money for sci fi films was a gamble in that period. if you look closely you will see everything usually makes sense. this is a message movie, not for zonked out star wars fans that cant sit through one minute of thought stimulation unless it contains a million bucks worth of explosions.this was also hestons last good film, the end of his famous dystopian sci fi trilogy. after that it was all overblown disaster epics and big budget crowd pleasing trash. this might not be the most amusing two hour movie ever made, and the ending might be creepy and depressing, but its hard to find any film producer with guts anymore who would tackle a subject like this.

the only other film besides soylent green that has such an air of hopelessness is on the beach. both films deal with the consequences for the species and the planet from man made cataclysms. on the beach with nuclear war and soylent green with the environmental poisoning of the planet.maybe there's cause for some optimism because as of 2007 we haven't reached either of the worlds described in those films and we were supposed to by now. new york city still has about 8 million people not the 22 million by the turn of the millenia as described in soylent green. environmentalists always hail this film as showing the consequence of global warming. for myself it also shows the right to life ethic run amuck. obviously there's no family planning in this world either.charlton heston is an nypd detective who lives with room mate edward g. robinson who's old enough to remember the earth before catastrophe struck. there's been a murder committed, joseph cotten an executive with the soylent corporation, a multi-national concern that has come up with a food product, some kind of wafer in many colors to feed the world's population. it's latest product is soylent green.the investigation finds charlton heston getting his man, but also it leads to some horrifying truths about the soylent corporation and the future of mankind. as heston shouts in the end that soylent green is made of people, that we've become a race of cannibals, the horrifying thing is that there is no alternative. we've exhausted the planet and we have to eat our dead to survive.this was the farewell performance of edward g. robinson and in his memoirs heston spoke movingly of robinson even though they had differing political views. a few weeks after robinson wrapped that final scene of his screen demise by consented euthanasia, he passed away in real life. not many did, but heston knew that robinson was terminally and there was no acting involved in that final death scene between the two of them.though the timetable was off, it doesn't mean that the world envisioned by soylent green may not come to pass. hopefully we'll have not just the intelligence, but the sense of shared responsibility to keep that from happening.

i watched this film sort of by accident, having bought it as the b side on the omega man dvd. the omega man was a bit of a disappointment - except for the beginning, which was clearly the inspiration for 28 days later, the rest of it is just the stuff of tv movies. but soylent green is in a whole other league. i bet this is one of tarantino's favourites. there are at least 3 scenes in the film that i've never seen anything like before. heston casually getting into bed with the "furniture" while discussing something else completely unrelated! a whole crowd of people being scooped up by a fleet of mechanical diggers! a priest taking confession and being shot by the confessor. ok maybe that's been done since - but there aren't many films that are so consistently original like this. and what the heck is going on between heston and edward g. robinson? is this the most unlikely gay couple ever, or what? luckily, i saw this film without knowing the ending - which apparently is rare. then i watched it again, and enjoyed all the little clues that make the long early scenes worthwhile. a very nice script - and some great sets too. just when you thought you'd seen everything . . .

this is a brilliant sci-fi movie that is very strange in how men and women both view the same film. i have talked to many people about the film and almost every guy loved it and said it was brilliant--while most women thought it was just disgusting and stupid! this is the only movie i know of that has such polarized views based on gender. perhaps many women just have a lower tolerance for disgusting or depressing plots--but whatever the cause, i have always found this difference fascinating.the film begins with a murder and a subsequent investigation headed by charlton heston. this is set in the near future and the head of the huge international soylent corporation has been assassinated. as the film unfolds, you quickly realize this is a terrible and highly inequitable future american society. the rich live in gorgeous apartments with security and all the pleasures money can buy(including "furniture"--a euphemism for paid mistresses that come along with the apartment). at the same time, the masses are dirt poor, unemployed and in many cases living in abandoned cars or apartment hallways. overpopulation and smog have taken a severe toll and the future looks awful indeed! why the rich man died and the awful truth he could not live with i really should not discuss--it could ruin the film for you. however, the film has a great plot and acting and is super-exciting to watch. plus, it features edward g. robinson in his final screen performance as the crusty sidekick to heston. though not for the easily depressed or squeamish, this is a great sci-fi film that is allegorical and profound.

very interesting. the big twist wasn't as big a shock as maybe they had hoped for and it was very dated but it did get my mind working. it really got me thinking about a world without vegetation or livestock and made me appreciate the world i live in a lot more. charlton heston does a good job, as do all the supporting characters, and it was a very realistic film which was surprising. it lacked direction at times and a lot of the settings and background needed more explanation but it was still a surprisingly good and intelligent movie. the main fault that i could find was that i didn't want the film to end when it did, i would have liked to see what happened next.7/10

soylent green is...a really good movie, actually.i never would've thought it. i don't really like heston in his sci-fi efforts. he's one of those actors who, like superman, manages to come across all sneery and invincible most of the time. i prefer more vulnerable heroes. and indeed, he sneers his way through much of soylent green, too, but as he's supposed to be playing an overconfident bully i don't really mind.i can understand why some people would turn their noses up at this movie. soylent green makes no effort whatsoever to create futuristic visuals (what do you know - it looks just like 1973), and it's lacking in action. but i admired the film's vision of a complex, corrupt, and highly stratified society, and i was so pleased to see that edward g. robinson had such a moving, funny final role. nice little character moments - like when he shares some precious food with heston - really make the movie.the message of soylent green is pretty relevant these days, when nobody seems to know what the hell the government or corporations are up to. funny, isn't it, to see heston in a prototype michael moore movie...

i saw soylent green back in 1973 when it was first released and maybe another eight times over the years on t.v. or video. it was always one of my favorite sci-fi and/or charlton heston films.recently, the egyptian theater in l.a. had a twelve film charlton heston retrospective. i flew in from out of state to see six of the films over a two day period. soylent green looked great on the large egyptian screen with a perfect new print. from its opening montage to the going home scene to the great ending the film was fantastic.charlton heston as a cop who lives in a dog eat dog world with few natural resources left and no understanding as to how the world used to be and eddie robinson as a man who remembers the past are both great.their chemistry together is wonderful. the film also looks so much better in a great 35mm print. fleisher really knows how to fill the screen,and the cinematoraphy, writing, music used, and everything about it works. the film is also very powerful in its bleak and very possible view of the future. just think how the world population grew, the rain forest that disappeared, resources used up, green house effect getting worse since 1973. i just wonder why this film has not played in theaters all these years. its reputation should be better.speaking of reputations, often people speak as if charlton heston is not a great actor. seeing him in el-cid, soylent green, the warlord, the omega man, will penny, and major dundee back to back i am convinced he is one of our best actors. of course he made about a dozen other great films and for those that care you know what they are.

this was eddie robinson's 101st film and his last, and he died of cancer nine days after shooting was complete. all of which makes his key scene in the movie all the more poignant.although some of the hair and clothing styles are a bit dated (also note the video game shown in the film), but the subject of the film is pretty much timeless. heston said he had wanted to make the film for some time because he really believed in the dangers of overpopulation.several things make this film a classic. the story is solid.the acting is top-notch, especially the interplay between heston and robinson, with nice performances also by cotten and peters.the music is absolutely perfect. the medley of beethoven, grieg, and tchaikovsky combined with the pastoral visual elements make for some truly moving scenes. this was the icing on the cake for the film.and the theme (or the "point") of the film is a significant one. yes, it's a film about overpopulation, but on a more important note it's a cautionary tale about what can go wrong with man's stewardship of earth. it's in the subtext that you find the real message of the film. pay attention to what sol says about the "old days" of the past (which is our present), and note how thorn is incapable of comprehending what sol is saying.this film is one of my top sci-fi films of all time.

what a fun movie! if you're a giallo fan, red queen kills 7 times is a real winner. to begin with, it's hard to go wrong with barbara bouchet and marina malfatti in the same giallo. both are wonderful - especially the wide-eyed innocent bouchet as the guilt ridden woman fearing for her life. the kill scenes in red queen kills 7 times are especially nice and feature enough blood to make most fans happy. one of the first murders comes rather unexpectedly and really gets the movie off to a good start. the killer, the red queen, is one of the most over-the-top and interesting looking murderers i've seen in an italian movie. the 70s sets and fashions are wonderful. in fact, all the visuals are interesting with the laughing red queen running across the bridge at night being one of my favorite moments in the film. the convoluted plot held my interest throughout. finally, bruno nicolai's score may be the best i've heard from the composer. the main theme is so memorable i haven't been able to get it out of my head for two days.the only two issues i have with red queen kills 7 times come in the film's finale. first, the person responsible for the murders is far too easy to spot. if you've seen more than a couple gialli, you won't have any problem determining who is behind the killings. second, the ending feels a little too rushed and, as a result, is a bit confusing. i'm definitely not one who needs every plot point spelled out to me, but i'll admit to being at a loss to explain it all. a second viewing might just clear this up.

i loved this movie. when i saw it on febuary 3rd i knew i had to buy it!!! it comes out to buy on july 24th!!! it has cool deaths scenes, hot girls, great cast, good story , good acting. great slasher film. the movies is about some serial killer killing off four girls. see this movies

i really enjoyed this thriller! i wanted to see it again as soon as it was over. the cast was excellent, the plot was suspenseful and entertaining, and it was just an overall enjoyable movie! i would rate this as one of the best thrillers i've ever seen! the girls in it were really cute also, especially denise richards. she was very ornery throughout the movie and gave her character some oomph!

i gave it an 8 only because it had received such low votes... this is definitely really about a 5.5..... ummm.. it was kind of bloody, had likeable, shallow characters, and it had some really hot babes in it. i like the eclectic killer, because he didn't kill people the same way everytime... that sometimes gets old.

katherine heigl, marley shelton, denise richards, david boreanaz. even before i knew what this film was about, these names were enough to draw me in. gorgeous, talented and popular, these are performers to look out for.ok, where do i start. we already know what the film is about. five beautiful girls being targeted by a 'romantic' serial slasher, a guy they all turned down at the school dance 13 years ago. his trademarks include subtle deaththreats disguised as valentine cards, maggot-infested chocolates and a bleeding nose. his weapon of choice: well, take a pick - axe, knife, electric powerdrill, bow and arrow, hot iron, etc. ok, so basically it's a horror movie with a nice twisted sense of sexuality.horror movies aren't supposed to be shakespeare, but i'm not gonna go there. i love horror movies, but not all of them. this one, i adore. it's up there with some of my other favorites. it's funny, sexy and scary. the killer's mask is childishly creepy, and seeing cupid firing a bow and arrow at a victim is really freaky. the acting is topnotch: denise richards, marley shelton and david boreanaz are a lot of fun. i really did wish to see much, much more of katherine heigl. i am one of her biggest fans and would love to see her doing some leading work soon. jessica capshaw is a very capable actress, and jessica cauffiel gets to do the ditzy blonde role she perfected in urban legend 2. the smaller parts were also good; hedy buress was a hoot ('bleedmedry.com') and that younger version of denise richards looked frightfully like her.highlights: every death scene had a particular distinction to it. the creepiest being the opening scene in the morgue. the hottub scene, while ludicrous, was well done. and the audiovisual maze was sinister. the soundtrack is great, with creepy music and some fine alternative tunes.lowpoint: i felt as though the killer wasn't featured enough, we barely saw the mask, and it wasn't featured at all during the climax. i also thought the climax was really unfocused, but fun nonetheless.the twist at the end wasn't that big of a surprise, but i'm really glad that the filmmakers decided to spare us that whole 'explaining killer' routine.i don't like to tell people which movies they should see, but if someone asked me to pick a horror movie that i thought was really worth seeing, then valentine would be it.my rating: 10/10 (bullseye!)

another entry in the "holiday horror" category that fills the shelves of your local video store. the *spoiler* "wronged nerdy teen taking revenge on the 'cool' kids who wronged him" plot will of course be familiar to those who've watched it before. and those who've seen it before will probably watch it again; those who are expecting ingmar bergman and will subsequently become indignant about their wasted time should just skip it. marilyn manson on the soundtrack and david boreanaz, denise richards and katherine heigl as eye candy--go with the flow and enjoy it. oh, and i loved the creepy mask.

the first hour or so of the movie was mostly boring to say the least. however it improved afterwards as the valentine party commenced. apart from the twist as to the identity of the killer in the very end, the hot bath murder scene was one of the few relatively memorable aspects of this movie. the scene at the garden with kate was well shot and so was the very last scene (the 'twist'). in those scenes, there was some genuine suspense and thrills and the hot bath murder scene had a nasty (the way slashers should be) edge to it. the earlier murders are frustratingly devoid of gore.

steven spielberg (at 24) had already directed two superb episodes of a 1971 series called "the psychiatrist", starring roy thinnes. one episode had been about an emotionally troubled 12-year old boy and the other was about a vibrant young man (clu gulager in his best performance) who is dying of cancer. both episodes were stunning, visually unlike anything else on tv, and emotionally complex and adult. the creators of "the psychiatrist" were richard levinson and william link, who created "columbo" and also produced its first season.peter falk insisted on first rank, experienced tv directors for the first season of "columbo", like bernard kowalski and jack smight. but falk agreed to spielberg after watching part of the clu gulagher episode of "the psychiatrist".spielberg says on the dvd of "duel" that he loved steven bochco's "murder by the book" script (based on a levinson/link story), and he tried to make the production look like a million dollar feature, even thought he had a lot less money to work with.this episode of "columbo" is far more visually stylish and makes better use of the sound track and background music than almost any other "columbo" episode, even though the series always used top directors. spielberg manages to keep the great falk and cassidy from hamming it up too much, but both actors are still a lot of fun. spielberg also gets fine supporting work from martin milner, rosemary forsyth and barbara colby. all the performances have a freshness and vitality about them. the only "columbo" episode that was close to being as well directed is the "by dawn's early light" episode with patrick mcgoohan (directed by harvey hart).i think the two episodes of "the psychiatrist" and this episode of "columbo" suggest spielberg hasn't developed technically all that much as a director. he was great from the beginning. in a "combat!" dvd commentary of a 1962 episode guest starring albert salmi, robert altman says that episode was pretty much as good as he ever got as a director. maybe the same is true of spielberg.

there is no such a thing as perfect murder.lieutenant columbo knows that.ken franklin, who is the other half of the writing team of detective stories doesn't know that.he kills his partner jim ferris who had plans on going solo.now columbo steps into the picture and asks all sorts of questions from mr. franklin.and returns for one more question.columbo: murder by the book (1971) is directed by the young steven spielberg before his days of fame.steven bochco wrote it.columbo is a fantastic character with his shabby look.it's hard to believe this man could solve any crime.but he could.each and every one of them! peter falk is the one and only person in the world that could portray this character.so no remakes, please.this part is a very good example of how columbo worked.jack cassidy plays the murderer and martin milner plays the victim.rosemary forsyth plays the victim's wife joanna ferris.there's something endearing in the scenes between columbo and her.how he makes the omelet and everything.barbara colby plays lilly la sanka.she actually met a tragic fate when she died after a homicide like she does here.i've been a fan of columbo since childhood and i still enjoy watching them.there was a break for many years that they weren't showing columbo stories at all but now he's back.back for one more question.

this is the columbo that got directed by steven spielberg at an early point in his career. it's nothing sensational but some small hint of great things to come for spielberg can be seen in this movie. the movie is basically in the same style as most of spierlberg's '70's movies and tv works. so that means that some characters tend to show some quirkiness's and no i'm not just talking about the columbo character alone. the kind of character quirkiness which perhaps can be best seen in the 1975 spielberg movie "jaws". but other than some small hints of typical early spielberg elements, you can't call this movie the work of- and fine example of a rising director star. not that its bad, of course it isn't but as i said earlier, it also isn't anything too sensational.this movie began really well and very promising but after it's fine opening, in which as always the murder occurred, the movie became sort of more slow and also dull to watch. dull because it's mostly a columbo movie by the book that doesn't have real memorable moments in it, not dull because it's a boring movie to watch.the murder itself was quite ingenious and the concept of having a crime story writer murdering his writing partner showed some great and interesting potential. the story however didn't really explored all of its possibilities. at least that's the feeling this movie left me with.the movie was still a good one to watch nevertheless thanks to the character of jack cassidy, who thinks he's smarter then columbo, due to his mystery/crime writing experience and tries to give him all kinds of possible hints, leading away from himself. but of course columbo knows better and he is his number one suspect from the first moment on but he as usual plays the game along.the movie does have a good overall style and uses some fine camera position and editing. funny to see that also most of this was all mostly consistent with spielberg's later work, especially some of the camera-angles.a fine and perfectly watchable columbo movie but don't let the name of spielberg attached to it rise your expectations for it too highly.7/10

casting jack cassidy as ken frankin was sheer brilliance. cassidy personified arrogance, confidence, charm and wit - all with a condescending, evil little smirk on his face. in my opinion, jack cassidy is by far the best murderer (having appeared three times) in the columbo series. this particular (and first) performance, is my favorite columbo episode ever - hands down. a fresh faced steven spielberg did amazing camera work (yes, there were a couple of camera shadows on the actors at times)capturing the nuances and banter at different and intriguing angles between columbo and franklin. also, the panoramic and tight in shots at big bear lake, ca (franklin's cabin home) were very impressive.if you have not yet seen this episode, then you owe it to yourself to do so - it's a true masterpiece.jack cassidy was a very talented actor and singer. his charismatic personality was highly infectious. his death in 1976, at age 49 was very sad and indeed very tragic - he surely had his best years ahead of him. rest in peace jack, you will live on for eternity through your great work.

along with patrick mcgoohan and robert culp, jack cassidy was an iconic columbo villain. the very first "proper" episode of columbo, following two standalone pilots, "murder by the book" is not far off classic status.jack cassidy plays ken franklin, one half of a murder mystery writing partnership. his partner jim is the talented one, whereas ken has no talent other than the gift of the gab and a skill for promoting the books. as soon as jim has decided he no longer requires ken's marketing skills, ken hatches a plot to kill jim. except it's not a new plot, it's actually the implementation in real life of a murder storyline originally intended for one of their books.it doesn't take columbo long to work out that ken is the murderer, although unfortunately another murder has to take place (ken romances and then kills a key witness) before columbo has enough evidence to secure a conviction.nothing whatsoever wrong with "murder by the book", but it's not quite top-notch. i would just give "publish or perish" the edge over this: both episodes feature jack cassidy and the world of publishing, but "publish or perish" is a fraction more tense and unpredictable. but this is still a great episode.

what an awesome movie! it was very scary, great acting, well-written, nice plot twists, interesting characters, very good direction, and a surprise ending that will leave you with a smile on your face. this is one popcorn horror flick that may not be appealing to non-horror fans, but is still (nonetheless) one of the best thrillers out there today! i highly recommend it to only fans of:1) the horror genreor2) an actor or actress featured in it.*** out of **** stars!ps- i am sick and tired of people comparing this, and other modern horror movies, with scream. ya know what, they didn't want to be like scream. everyone's like "oh, they copied scream!". well, if i am not mistaking, scream also copied other movies too! in fact, just about every horror movie copied an earlier one. scream, however, was a good film. but, still... stop comparing and enjoy it for what it is!go and rent this one!

the story for the first-aired television installment of "columbo" is simple: one-half of successful mystery-writing team does away with the other, frames an unseen mafia group, is blackmailed by an admirer, does away with the admirer, and is tricked up by the stalwart columbo.with that said, this is still one of the most entertaining in the show's history, benefiting tremendously by the work of the late jack cassidy and star peter falk.besides the notability of being directed by a young steven spielberg, the episode also has a air of the macabre because of the future of two of its stars: cassidy and barbara colby. the two share several scenes together and it is poignant that both would die tragically within a decade of this filming, cassidy in an apartment fire and colby at the hands of assailants, yet to be found after over three decades.now, both demises are true-life mysteries!

this columbo episode is probably noted more for the director, steven spielberg, as one of his early films. it should be looked at for jack cassidy's role as the murderer who kills his partner in writing to maintain his lifestyle. jack cassidy would appear in a later columbo. after all, columbo meets his match in jack cassidy's character. he is a mystery writer who plots to perform the perfect murder. after his first murder, his next victim would be the annoying general store owner/widow who would blackmail him for money. rather than losing more money, he kills her. it is very entertaining to watch cassidy and falk as always. falk's familiarity as columbo makes him watchable after viewing this episode repeatedly over the years. what television today forgets about the success of years is that people will want to watch the shows again and again if they like the characters. it's not about who does it, how and why, it the familiarness of columbo and his likability which scores high with viewers like myself.

this was the first televised episode of the columbo series (although it was filmed after "death lends a hand")and it heralded one of the most successful tv series in history.jack cassidy (who played the murderer in the series three times) enthuses smugness, arrogance and self-assuredness in equal measure here, as ken franklin, one half of a mystery writing team who hatches an elaborate plot to kill off his partner, jim ferris (played by martin milner) who decides to terminate their professional relationship, leaving franklin exposed as merely a good publicist rather than a prolific writer.the initial murder set-up is fantastic and cassidy's performance facilitates an arguable accolade that he was the best columbo murderer in the series.peter falk is wonderfully understated in his role as columbo and the character's inherent traits and oddities, which are underlined by a seeming slowness and absent-mindedness, contrast particularly well with cassidy's character's extreme smugness: one of their early scenes together where ken franklin fabricates a motive for the killing through jim ferris's non-existent expo-see of identifying hit-men operating in the underworld exemplifies this very well. franklin hints to columbo this potential motive and columbo (purposely or ignorantly) fails to latch on, forcing franklin to express his disappointment in a markedly patronising manner and compare him unfavourably with the detective in the books, mrs. melville.also, noteworthy is the early directorial contribution of 24 year old steven spielberg. notwithstanding, some elementary inclusions of cameras shadowing the actors and actresses, he adds some stylish and elaborate touches to uphold the general professionalism of the episode. one particularly stark image is of jim feriss's dead body lying on the settee, almost dark in the foreground, as ken franklin raises a glass to him in the background after he finishes answering a phone call to ferris's distraught wife. i have no doubt that working to a restrictive 10-14 day schedule, spieberg's efforts should not be underestimated.unfortunately, the event of the second murder, necessitated by a blackmailing scheme which is plotted by a female friend of franklin's (and ironically referred to as "sloppy" by columbo in his climatic summing up) takes the steam out of the whole thing. the cutting edge of the plot is compromised and the screen-time between falk and cassidy inexcusably lessens at this point to perhaps help the script-writer (stephen bocho) out of a tight corner, since he cannot singularly develop the story without another murder.the climax is the most disappointing aspect of this episode. the initial banter and exchange of words between falk and cassidy is strongly and effectively executed, but it merely advertises the fact that it should have happened more in the episode. the main aggravation lies with the sealing clue (if it can be called a clue): cassidy's character's hitherto smugness and arrogance is amazingly expelled by a clue that really does little to imply his guilt; and once this is mentioned, he capitulates in a rather unspectacular and uncharacteristic fashion.all in all, a bold opening to the series, which inevitably advertises and foretells all that is good about columbo, and, conversely, the problems associated with such ingenuity, i.e maintaining the high standards and particularly, creating a credible and suitably intelligent ending.

valentine is now one of my favorite slasher films. the death scenes are elaborate and the most of the acting is good. marley shelton did great as the female lead (much better than jennifer love hewitt in the "i know..." films). david boreanaz, whom is the main reason i saw this movie, had a pretty small role, but he played it well. the exception to the list of good actors is denise richards. she was horrible in this. the only scene i was glad to see her in was *spoiler* her death scene. all in all, it's a good movie to watch. you should definitely watch this before you watch "scream" or "i know..." again.

these slasher pics are past their sell by date, but this one is good fun.the valentine cards themselves are witty, and well thought out.the film has one peach of a line... "he's no angel...." when he in fact is angel!!! watching buffy reruns will never be the same!the cast is a sizzling display of young talent, but the story does not give them enough real depth. denise richards on the dvd extras seemed to think the girls on set bonded well together and this would give the feeling that you empathised with their characters. sorry but no!the direction is very good, managing to show very little actual gore, and relying on your imaginations implied threat. much can be said also for the similar manner in which miss richards and heigel do not remove their clothes...:-(essentially, the main directorial plus, lies within the "borrowing" of various other ideas from previous slasher flicks. psycho's shower scene is tributed, along with halloween's "masking". murdering someone hiding in a bodybag though is a pretty original one as far as i know!!!light viewing, not very scary but a few good jump moments. if it was a choice between the hole and this though, choose the hole. slasher movies have had their day, and this is just another slasher. a very good slasher, but nothing groundbreaking!!!

call me stupid, but i absolutely loved the 2001 horror movie, valentine. it was so well-made, well-written, well-acted, well-directed, etc! everything about it was wonderful! there were parts that were relatively routine (lily's death), very funny (www.bleed-me-dry.com), completely horrifying and creepy (paige's death), and just plain heartbreaking (the first scene). i think the entire cast did a great job, especially the three leads: david boreanaz, denise richards (both of whom i met, and got autographs from, during the filming of this movie - very nice people!), and marley shelton.i am very sick of people calling this movie "another scream clone". this movie is, in no way, a scream clone. in fact, this film runs rings around scream. it actually makes sense! scream was also not the only movie to feature a masked killer in it. excuse me, but it looks like scream was also a clone too (ahem..., friday the 13th, halloween, and many other scary movies also featured masked killers). i also think that the novelty of the cupid-masked killer is brilliant. it's so strange to see a sweet, cupid face doing all of these horrible things. another novelty (the nose bleeding) makes way for a fantastic ending! the ending gives me chills every time i see it!!!!! so, even if you didn't like it the first time, watch valentine again and give it another chance!ps- keep an eye out for my new website (www.love-hurts.org)! coming soon...

when i saw the elaborate dvd box for this and the dreadful red queen figurine, i felt certain i was in for a big disappointment, but surprise, surprise, i loved it. convoluted nonsense of course and unforgivable that such a complicated denouement should be rushed to the point of barely being able to read the subtitles, let alone take in the ridiculous explanation. these quibbles apart, however, the film is a dream. fabulous ladies in fabulous outfits in wonderful settings and the whole thing constantly on the move and accompanied by a wonderful bruno nicolai score. he may not be morricone but in these lighter pieces he might as well be so. really enjoyable with lots of colour, plenty of sexiness, some gory kills and minimal police interference. super.

i wanted to see valentine ever since i saw that denise richards and marley shelton were in it because they had played in some of my favorite movies ever. when i watched valentine, i was amazed at how great the story line actually was. it kills me to see that it has a low rating because it was not horrible at all. the actors and actresses played the parts wonderfully and the way it ended was so brilliant and cunning. some scenes were a little unbelievable and or poor, and i admit at a few minor parts it got just a small bit boring, but overall it was non-stop entertaining and suspenseful. it had a mind-twisting story line which made you guess the whole way through and it doesn't deserve all the crap it gets. i recommend this movie to watch anytime, but especially on valentine's day because it's sure to give you a ton of chills. oh, and don't even pay attention to the trailer or rating, please, don't...

it's a colorful slasher movie. that's about it.it has the mystery element that scream made so popular in slasher movies, but i never care for such things. figuring out who's the bad guy is not that interesting considering the clues are all misleading anyway.the death scenes were inventive and gorey, bringing back memories of 80's horror movies like friday the 13th. another nice thing about this movie is that it's hard to pinpoint the surviving girl, unlike in scream and ikwydls where it was obvious. people who don't like slasher movies won't like this movie. as simple as that. i truly enjoyed it and i plan to watch it again while waiting for more of the same. --mb

i just saw "valentine" and i have to say that it was the best slasher movie that i've seen in years. unlike the recent trend of 90's horror flicks, this movie is more concerned with being eerie than it is with being self-mocking. for those out there that hated "scream," there is not one reference to "the horror rules" in this movie (even though the old slasher movie rules do apply here). this is the perfect blend of 80's and 90's horror. you get the style, cinematography, and good acting of 90's films and the stalking-slasher madness of an 80's flick. i guess the year 2001 is going to finally give horror fans the kind of movies they were longing for. this is definitely a move in the right direction.denise richards stands out here as a fun character. you can tell she liked her role, and that makes her stand out. i loved her in this movie.

i'm not a follower of a certain movie genre. i classify movies only as industrial or non-industrial. valentine is the second industrial movie of the director jamie blanks, after his urban legends. unlike urban legends the screenplay and the story line is very weak. yet again unlike urban legends the basic elements of the movie is so dashing and iconic, and that is what makes valentine the best. as the first basic and iconic element, the growing hatred of the serial killer is so down-to-earth. since his secondary school years, he has grown up with his wounds he had accumulated in his soul against his classmate girlfriends, who have made fun of him. when you concentrate enough on this first element while watching the movie, you will come to see this point of view of humanism: "noone is entirely good or evil. in fact, somebody known as evil can be secretly kind hearted." just because the story line and the direction is very weak, we are not as satisfied as we deserved. the second iconic element is, of course, the magnificent togetherness of the late 90s' super starlets: my favourite is jessica cauffiel who is killed within the coolest way to be killed. an arrow shot from a bow broaches her tummy and stays stuck in, while she was playing hide-and-seek with her blind date, never able to met with. katherine heigl is the first starlet getting killed in a biology laboratory while trying to hide under human body models lying on the surgical operation tables. denise richards is killed third, while she just found a valentines' day gift for her at a whirlpool bath. jessica capshaw is killed last in a confidential and unseen way, then she is calumniated to be as the serial killer. marley shelton is the unluckiest one with a vicissitude of fortune that she is going to be killed within the most confidential way that we will never know, 'cause the movie is coming to an end before she is getting killed. finally, benita ha is the luckiest one since she was not a classmate of the serial killer, david boreanaz.the third and the last iconic element is the soundtrack from the blind date labyrinth scene, the valentines' day celebration at dorothy's house scenes and ultimately the killing themes. everybody has loved the soundtrack as far as i know. hard rock never suits better within a serial killer-mystery movie.

a group of model-caliber san francisco women who have been friends since elementary school are suddenly being threatened and attacked by someone sending them bizarre valentine's day cards. who is the killer and why is the killer after them? my rating will often change on subsequent viewings of a film--sometimes slightly up, sometimes slightly down. however, i can't remember another film where my rating has changed as drastically as it has for valentine. the first time i watched it, upon its theatrical release, i thought it was pretty awful--i gave it a 4 out of 10, the equivalent of an "f" letter grade. watching it for a second time last night, i can't remember what the heck i didn't like about it. i can only assume that maybe i was really in the wrong mood to watch it, or maybe i just didn't get it. in any event, i loved it this time, giving it a 9 out of 10, or an "a".it might sound ridiculous saying i didn't get a film like this, but there is something to get. valentine is almost a comedy/horror. director jamie blanks, who was also responsible for 1998's urban legend, takes the stereotypical teen horror formula that became so popular in the late 1990s in the wake of scream (1996) and pushes most of the elements up a notch, making valentine intentionally cheesy/campy almost to the point of absurdity (where absurdism is a positive stylistic term). on top of that, he gives us a film imbued with humorous commentary on romantic relationships. the humor is unusual in that it has the same exaggeratedly campy tone as the teen horror aspects. most of the situations in the film, and the modus operandi of the villain, humorous or not, are tied in to the valentine's day theme.many viewers will likely subtract points from the film for its various cliché-rooted but implausible scenarios and plot developments. however, in light of the above, the film is intentionally clichéd, implausible and ludicrous. it's as if blanks is attempting (and mostly succeeding) to transcend the typical teen slasher by mocking/spoofing the conventions of the genre while also satirizing eros. that's the attraction to the irony of basing a horror film on valentine's day. it's an incongruity that is cleverly woven throughout the film, and that is itself at the heart of the slasher genre, making it prime fodder for valentine's extravagant lampooning. scream had a similar aim with its horror material, but the twist there was that the film was "self-aware". valentine's day is intentionally not self-aware; the viewer has to rely on contextual clues for satire. lest some think i'm "reading too much" into the film, it's worthwhile to note that blanks said in interviews that he "didn't want to just do another slasher film after urban legend" and producer dylan sellers said he wanted to do something "more adult".other viewers may dislike the fact that valentine's day differs so much from its putative source material, the novel of the same name by tom savage. the novel's characters, setting and plot are very different from the film. sellers has said, "while it was a fine book, i didn't think it was the right story for a film". so instead the novel, which is much dryer and more serious in tone, was used as a launching pad, a motif to create variations on for a horror/thriller story centered on valentine's day. while those facts won't help purists familiar with the book like the film, it's helpful to understand why the film has its divergent plot and attitude. it's probably better to look at the film as an independent entity with a similar theme.blanks' direction is impeccable visually. valentine's day has a lush look throughout, with complex, deep colors, interesting sets, and good staging. blanks is admirable for keeping his villain and attack scenes not too dark, with clearly conveyed action. he also directs his actors with aplomb, catalyzing often slyly humorous performances. david boreanaz, as adam carr, is involved in many of the funniest moments.while valentine's day is no masterpiece, it's a very good horror/thriller film that seems strongly prone to misconceptions. if you watch it expecting something more tongue-in-cheek you may find yourself appreciating it a lot more.

a great film! slow: yes....but original, deeply atmospheric, dark and horrifying, perfectly surreal (feels like a nightmare).i'd compare it to david lynch (eraserhead, inland empire, blue velvet) style maybe with mixed with a little bit of barton fink and naked lunch (insects!). also a bit of jodorowsky (fando y lis)....add some night on earth, angel heart and a bit of begotten, pi, (would it be wrong to mention tetsuo?) jacob's ladder, barker's the forbidden and salome - that should form together at least the concept of a dark night... nuit noire.if you're out for avantegardistic and/or surrealistic cinema (like i am) you're gonna like this one. if you're expecting anything else like a movie full of action with some average plot - try your luck with something else.final words: the plot is very, very strange and unusual and that's probably the #1 reason why most people who don't appreciate this film hate it.

this film is amazing - it's just like a nightmare. the bizarre story, the dark decors, the swarming insects everywhere, the idea jumps and the surrealistic dreams... really great! people who love cult movies or very dark thrillers will find this fantastic. it seems a little to the films of david lynch: the strange story, the bizarre dreams, the red curtains. nuit noire contains almost no plot. it's rather a succession of surrealistic happenings, nightmares and meetings. that's a drawback. if the film had a really fascinating plot full of tension with a captivating denouement, i would give it a 10 out of 10. but that's missing, and that's why i gave the movie an 8. nuit noire is a film worth watching. search that dvd and you'll be rewarded!

extremely interesting and intriguing movie. the similarities to david lynch (who is even quoted literally by the presence of red curtains in the film) and the novels of franz kafka (the house keeper in this film is called mrs. grubach, as is the one in der prozess...) are clearly present but in this case are accompanied by clear references to the colonial past of belgium in africa. the exact content of the movie i can not clearly describe: this colonialism is an important part, as is the inability to cope with such a past, but the personal memories of the main character are a central issue as well, and his quest for social contact and love. these are the symbolic themes i deduced from the movie, but in fact they're no more than impressions.but even if you just try to follow the linear story without these symbolic backgrounds, you still will discover an extremely fascinating movie filled with splendid imagery (beautiful close ups of beatles, larvas and other nasty insects are alternated with great dream sequences and also the dark atmosphere lends the film extra style). maybe you can say that i didn't quite 'get' the film, but i have been watching like hypnothised for 1.5 hour, deeply impressed by the visual quality and the fascinating mysteriosity.

the fourth man (paul verhoeven - netherlands 1983).a film based on a novella by gerard reve, that works best as a thriller. that's quite surprising, considering reve roughly needs a hundred pages for just a minor plot twist and tension is the last thing on my mind when reading his work."the fourth man" is top-heavy on symbolism. paul verhoeven is generally extremely preoccupied with proving something to mostly hostile critics and i'm never sure what it is exactly he is trying to prove. he usually underestimates his audience and tells his story in such an unsubtle way, he quickly diverges from the original idea or storyline, and almost seems to forget what needs to be seen on screen and what needs to be left out. in "the fourth man" he is not as explicit on detailing the plot as he is with sex and nudity (of which there's plenty) but, as in most of his films, he seems afraid the audience wouldn't get it and hammers home the story with overt symbolism mixed with some supposedly shocking nudity and graphic sex scenes. there's hardly a scene without sex or full-frontal nudity, most of it so maddeningly gratuitous and in your face, it undermines an otherwise good story. nevertheless, when you can cope with verhoeven's pretty obvious satiric approach, it's quite an entertaining thriller at times with some intriguing plot twists and good performances all round, thom hoffman and jeroen krabbé in particular.camera obscura --- 7/10

most people know paul verhoeven as the director of many good (and bad) sci-fi movies in hollywood. but long before that he was churning out generic thrillers in his native land. the story is a basic femme fatale premise, nothing new or enthralling. verhoeven thinks he can make it better by adding in a series of dream sequences, which instead of defining our main character and his situation, are just used as a way to drive forward the predictable plot. the screenplay was solid, the dialogue helping to pad the effects of the bland story. what really made the movie at at least good was some terrific acting. jereone krabbe was amazing as the "tortured artist", and the supporters were very good as well. also, jan de bont's cinematography adds at least some life to the film, helping to make verhoeven look at least capable as a director.6.5/10* * 1/2 / * * * *

jerome crabbe has the lead role in this movie. i saw this movie 6 times and i still am not tired of it. this movie is similar to flesh + blood in some ways. gerald soetman is a great writer. he wrote all of paul verhoeven's dutch films. paul verhoeven is one of the greatest directors. i have seen all of his movies all except for showgirls. my mom does not like him so much but i disagree. i think all of his films are a ride to watch especially total recall and basic instinct. jerry goldsmith did some of his movies which include total recall, basic instinct and hollow man. i wish jerry goldsmith never died. dutch films are different but still enjoyable.

awful dreams, wild premonitions, blasphemy and homosexual fantasies permeate paul verhoeven's (arguable) masterpiece of a true femme fatale who loves her men then kills them. filled with blood and occasional gore, the fourth man is truly neurosis inducing. men will literally leap when renee swings out her scissors......

an occasionally surrealistic thriller that will push most people's buttons., the 4th man is sure to offend anyone with a taste for the politically correct. the story's protagonist is a bisexual alcoholic catholic writer, gerard (krabbe), with a seriously twisted sense of imagination. verhoeven offers upgerard has an example of everything wrong with the modern man. he's shiftless, delusional, unable to control his urges, afraid to commit tomeaningful relationships, and utterly apathetic about life in general. as the character himself states at one point, he is a professional liar, unable to recall the truth.the movie opens with gerard dreaming of spiders consuming christ, and then waking to begin the long march to his own destruction. he chases offone man (a boyfriend presumably), then chases another at a train station. later, at a lecture, he meets a woman who seems to want to help him, orperhaps she has more nefarious plans.. she quickly captures gerard in her web, enticing him with sex and money, having plenty of both. she's also gotsecrets, like three dead husbands. is she lonely, and genuinely looking for someone to nurture - or is she a deadly black widow, luring gerard to hisdeath? will garard be the 4th man she kills? the woman is christine (soutendijk), and verhoeven does his best to keep you guessing what she's up to.this is an interesting movie, with a lot of sex and intrigue. it's similar to verhoeven's<em>basic instinct</em>, but has a lot more depth, and is certainly more shocking. there's a lot of very strong gay content, which may make some viewers squirm. highly recommended for fans of intelligentpsychological thrillers, or anyone looking for something entirely new.

the first time i saw this film in the theatre at a foreign film festival, i thought it intriguing, fascinating, the sensitive bi-sexual artist. so very european, so very dutch! i recently rented it for a second viewing and could hardly keep from laughing at that overworked theme of the mad writer with a religious-sexual orientation persecution complex. get a grip! this guy is a freeloader, living off of society. i suspect that the real reason he is having these fantasy-nightmares about the "spiderwoman" is that his guilt complex is kicking in after year's of ignoring mother's advice about getting into cars (and bed) with strangers! not only is he making outrageous sums of (probably taxfree) loot for making up stories (lying guilt trip) but he is too cheap to pay for a hair cut, hence he hustles the beauty salon owner. then he has the nerve to complain about the bill! but i also suspect the world has changed alot since this film was made. on a serious note it was entertaining to see some of jan de bont's camera work and one of paul verhoeven's earlier films. hmmm, maybe the world hasn't changed so very much after all?

when you read the summary of this film, you might come to think that this is something of an odd film and in some ways it is, for the primary character of this film, gerard reve (jeroen krabbé) is haunted by visions and hallucinations. the visions gerard see are all (more or less) subtle hints to what will happen to him as the story continues and it is great fun for the viewer to try and figure out the symbolism used in the film. despite the use of symbolism and a couple of hints to the ending of the film, the film maintains a very high level of excitement throughout and does not get boring for one minute. this is mostly due to the great performances of jeroen krabbé and renée soutendijk (christine) and the great direction of the whole by paul verhoeven. his directing style is clearly visible and one can say, looking at it from different angles, that 'de vierde man' is a typical verhoeven film. it will not only seem typical for people familiar with his american films because of the nudity and the graphic violent scenes, but it will also seem typical for people familiar with his dutch films, because of the same things and his talent to tell a great story. when people watch verhoevens american films, short sighted people might say, he has no talent in telling a good story and only focuses on blood and sex. that is what some people think, whereas i think that he is a very talented director who tries to convey a deeper message in each with each film. although not a good film, hollow man (his last american film) is an example that verhoeven can do more than science fiction splatter movies and maybe companies should trust him more and offer him more various films to helm. he needs that. just watch his dutch films. not only do they show that he needs a certain amount of freedom, but they also show that he has remarkable talent. 'de vierde man' brought him one step closer to hollywood and is certainly one of his best.8 out of 10

offbeat, slow-paced, entertaining erotic thriller with many graphic and "blasphemous" scenes that will undoubtedly disturb some viewers. however, it'll be hard even for them not to appreciate the several imaginative sequences this film contains, or to ignore krabbe's first-rate performance. verhoeven maintains an intriguing ambivalence throughout the film, playing with the meaning of the hero's visions-omens. unfortunately, in the last 5 minutes everything turns into a blur, and the unsatisfying ending is certainly not as good as the rest of the movie. (***)

basically, i like verhoeven film because in his film, i enjoy a brilliant pscychosexual story that i have seen before in "basic instinct".it is really a wonderful thriller i enjoyed very much.so it is obviously for me to watch this another verhoeven movie.well, it is his previous direction before his block buster hit "basic instinct" and for that i was very much curious to watch that movie and yeah, the movie has fulfilled my hope and expectation.this movie "the fourth man" is a brilliant pscychosexual drama which is a lit bit complex for some audiences. the story of this movie is about a gay writer named "reve"(krabbe), an alcoholic person who is lives by his own moral values and sees many visions that may warn him from a future accident.after the end of his lecture, he introduce a seductive woman named "christine", who has a mysterious past she doesn't want to reveal.reve do sex with her at her house as she is a boy.next morning, he watch her sexy, macho boyfriend's picture on her table, the person he met at the station.he is curious to meet him and tell christine to invite him to her house.that's it. i don't want to reveal the entire story because it is a verhoeven movie and the end of the film is really surprising!especially, i like the character "reve" which is brilliantly played by "krabbe".i basically like his acting because as a gay person i am purely identified with his character and yeah i like his charming face.i would like thanks mr.verhoeven to make such a black comedy.i rate this movie: 10 out of 10.

in it's time, this movie had controversy written all over it (like most of verhoeven's projects).containing very graphic depictions death-scenes; a parachute that doesn't open *smack* guys body on the floor. a guy being eaten by a lion *chomp* teeth in the throat. and a guy being run over by a speedboat *zoom* bloody corpse going down.but besides gore, this flick also contains some brilliant (and stunningly beautiful) scenes, filmed in the gray fisher's town that is vlissingen;thousands of rosebuds flying over the screen, in a somewhat irrelevant part of the movie, a beautiful (holy) woman putting flowers in a milk-can, surrounded by slabs of blood-dripping meat and a steamy love scene between two male characters, in a graveyard.the story is concluded in a frantic, but fulfilling 10 minutes, that don't disappoint, and will leave you sighing a breath of relief.of course with the pros come the cons, some special-effects are too over-the-top, and are obviously done to see how far verhoeven could push the gore-factor (e.g. the several eyeballs hanging out of their sockets). also, while the two lead actors, (jeroen krabbé and renée soutendijk), do an excellent job of breathing life into their characters, the character of herman (portrayed by the rather un-charming thom hoffman) just feels enormously underdeveloped, making him hard to care for, even after his tragic death.i've done my best to give you a slight idea of what to expect of this amazing movie, and as you can see, it's not easily summed up in words. so do yourself a favor, if you happen to find this movie somewhere, watch it ! and enjoy the unique style and substance of this masterpiece.

gerard is a writer with a somewhat overactive imagination. he is also homosexual and catholic prone to catholic guilt and something of a clairvoyant, or so it seems. on a trip to flushing he is 'seduced' by christine. when he discovers that christine's new boyfriend is the bit of rough trade he's been fancying from afar he decides to stick around. after all, enforced heterosexuality has its compensations. then he realizes that christine's previous three husbands have all died violent deaths. did christine murder them and is he or the boyfriend, herman, going to be 'the fourth man'? verhoeven's overheated, over-egged melodrama is a delicious blend of hitchcock and david lynch, full of ott eroticism and religious imagery and an awful lot of the colour red. a lot of the time it looks and feels like a dream and we can never be sure that what we are seeing is real or a figment of gerard's imagination. the fun is in figuring it out. also the fact that christine is an infinitely more likable character that either the priggish gerard or the bullish herman means we are hardly like to root for either of the men over her. in fact, it's fair to say gerard's comeuppance can't come soon enough. super performances, too, from jeroen krabbe and renee soutendijk and easily verhoeven's best film up to his wonderfully subversive piece of sci-fi "starship troopers".

this last dutch speaking film of verhooven made me laugh good. as a film buff looking for all the small details and cross references etc in any movie i can assure anyone interested in film art that this piece amuses all the senses. i haven't read gerard reves book, on which the film is based, but i still believe we get a candid picture of a somewhat self-conceited poet/writer who gets his (in a way - no spoiling here). an anti-hero surrounded by characters that have their ambiguous intentions, as has he. all this in a superbly packaged cinematography, paul verhopven manages to turn the otherwise rather cute "gesellich(?)" dutch locations into a suspenseful film-noir setting, impressive work!

this is the last dutch language film paul verhoeven made before going on to make mainstream hollywood films "basic instinct," "robocop," and "total recall," among others. he sets the stage by opening this story with a black widow spider catching prey in her web before we meet gerard reve, an annoying self-centered writer with a morbid imagination. gerard has been invited to be the guest speaker at a literary club meeting in sea-side town an hour or so from amsterdam. verhoeven lets us have glimpses of how gerard's imagination twists reality. asked if writers are a bit close to insanity he admits when he reads the newspaper "and it says 'boom' i read 'doom,' when it says 'flood' i read 'blood,' when it says 'red' i see 'dead.'" when he tells a story enough times he begins to believe it; "i lie the truth." he accepts an offer to be the overnight guest of the club treasurer, a beautiful wealthy salon owner. as he gets to know her and learns her husband has died, he begins to imagine she is 'a black widow.' is this his more of his reality twist or is she a murderess? this is a psychological drama and in recounting which of these old films have stuck in my memory, i figured out is my favorite gender. looking at his body of work it is seems to be paul verhoeven's too, and he is a master in making us question our own understanding of reality. it's a nice change of pace from the usual hollywood fare. i saw it in 1983 and it is a film that "stuck."

paul verhoeven has one of the strangest oeuvres of any major director: he started off making art-house films in his native netherlands before moving to hollywood where he began making subversive genre pieces which are often seen as mere entertainments by the mainstream crowd. 1983's the fourth man was the last film he made before moving to the u.s. and it seems to have been a transitional film for him.from the beginning of the fourth man it's clear that the film will be seen from the perspective of the famous albeit impoverished author gerard. in a seeming homage to carol reed's similarly titled 1949 film the third man the film begins with an author making a trip to speak to a crowd of literature enthusiasts. the similarities end there, however, as gerard runs into no major complications before arriving at the auditorium and the speech itself goes fairly smoothly. in spite of the relative ease with which he completes this function we know that the author is somewhat troubled as he has realistic fantasies about murdering his roommate before leaving his house and he also has a surreal fantasy involving a hotel he sees advertised and a detached eyeball growing out of a door's peephole. that he sometimes has trouble keeping his fantasies separate from reality is made all the more clear when an anecdote he tells is exposed as untrue and he admits that he "lie{s} the truth until {he} no longer knows whether something did or didn't happen." the fourth man is full of surreal fantasies and dreams which are made all the more disturbing because it's very easy to see how they relate to events which we have seen occur and because they sometimes foreshadow events which haven't occurred yet. between the effectiveness of the unreal sequences and verhoeven's careful editing style this ends up being the most atmospheric film this side of don't look now and like that film this one is full of ambiguity. unlike that film the fourth man is also perversely funny as gerard's deeply held catholic beliefs seep into every aspect of his life including sexuality. he naturally associates a female hair stylist he knows intimately with the biblical delilah though he fears she'll remove an even more important symbol of masculinity with her scissors. in an erotic fantasy sequence that would make luis buñuel blush he substitutes a man he's attracted to for a life size statue of christ on the cross.the fourth man is a horror film which manages to bring the viewer into the mind of the protagonist while still maintaining a certain ambiguity: it certainly seems as if gerard is in danger but it may just be more of his "lying the truth." the film is also full of both subtle and not so subtle visual symbolism which helps make it a unique and satisfying cinematic experience.

viewing de vierde man (aka the fourth man) is a slightly unsettling and rather fascinating experience. it's a very tight and intense psychological mystery/thriller from netherlands's paul verhoeven. he directed this film just before he got big with his "free-ticket to hollywood"-movie flesh + blood. in a lot of user-comments on this site i noticed the mentioning of alfred hitchcock. indeed, this movie might very well be hitchcockian, but i also noticed touches of early cronenberg (the visceral), flavors of david lynch (surreal story-linked visuals) and even roman polanski (plot-wise set-up). funny thing is that the movies by those directors i was thinking of while watching de vierde man weren't made until after 1983, the year of release of the fourth man. so go figure.very much credit indeed must be given to the story of the original novel by gerard reve this movie is based on. gerard reve is also the fictional name of the main character (a tormented writer, played by jeroen krabbé, balancing on the dangerous line of a severe psychosis). now, has anybody stopped and thought about the fact that the word "rêve" is french for "dream"? and the film does feature a lot of dream-like/nightmarish sequences, often to that extend that you don't always know for sure if gerard is awake or dreaming himself. could this be coincidence...? maybe it's just me, but i don't think so. renée soutendijk is pretty amazing as the leading lady (in a rather demanding role). she sometimes seems to be guilty of over-acting (in a subtle way). but that aspect was clearly intentional to portray the character she plays, since as this movie progresses, you become unsure about what to actually think of this lady and her intentions. proves again what an excellent actress she is. i might add that the movie contains also several scenes portraying full frontal male & female nudity, as well as some rather explicit sex-scenes (and you will even notice that some scenes and aspects clearly were the blueprints of scenes later to be shot for verhoeven's basic instinct).another aspect this movie has is a lot of symbolism and biblical references/images, which supposedly made the film thoroughly hated by some conservative/catholic movements at the time of its european release. either way, it makes the movie worthy of a second viewing. now, someone recently told me he had grave misgivings about de vierde man. one of them being that the film supposedly manoeuvers itself into a position where it needs the divine intervention of the virgin mary to resolve itself. i myself have big issues with the way catholicism has been, and still is sometimes, portrayed in many movies in any genre (so not only when it comes to religiously themed horror movies). but surprisingly, i had no misgivings whatsoever when it comes to the fourth man. although the virgin mary-aspect in the plot did make me scratch my head at one point, i also had fun with it, in a way. i think the keyword as to why it didn't bother me at all is 'duality'. because, this movie works on two levels. although 'divine intervention' might have resolved the plot-line from the protagonist's point of view... on the other hand: the movie implies that all this might have been the delirious ramblings of a raving madman. and that's the fun part: you never know for sure. and then there's the question: could it be that gerard reve was somehow receiving distorted visions of things to come... like receiving omens? at one point in the movie, gerard even tries to fool christine into believing he is clairvoyant. the way he is playing christine in that particular scene is exquisite to behold.so with its compelling story, convincing acting performances and adequate direction, de vierde man is a very much recommended viewing indeed (especially if you enjoy a solid european psychological horror film). but make sure you see the original dutch version (not the dubbed one).

i don't know if i'd consider it a masterpiece of not, but it's damn near close; it's extremely well made, artistic, suspenseful, intricately plotted, thematically challenging and full of bleak foreshadowing and sexual-religious imagery. there's also some great camera-work from jan de bont, an atmospheric score from loek dikker and outstanding acting from jeroen krabbé and renée soutendijk, the latter giving one of the most sneaky, subtle 'femme fatale' performance i've ever seen. like many other european movies, this movie has an unashamed, non-judgmental attitude toward sex, nudity and the complexities of sexuality and has zero reservations about mixing it all up with religious and/or surrealistic (some would say blasphemous) images. in other words, if you can't bear the thought of seeing a lust-driven homosexual envisioning the object of his carnal desire as jesus crucified on the cross before the two of them go at it inside a cemetery crypt then this might not be the movie for you. what surprised me more is how this bizarre movie managed to completely dodge being a pretentious mess. it mixes the abstract/surreal/parallel fantasy-reality scenes and somehow makes it all work. like any good mystery, you can see the pieces slowly falling into place as the movie progresses. there is not an out-of-left-field resolution here. the movie has direction, there's no needless filler and once it concludes, you begin to understand the purpose of what may have confused you earlier. if you like the work of ken russell and david lynch, i can almost guarantee you will love this movie. hell, if you have no idea who they even are, you still might like it.i'm not going to spoil the plot by getting too detailed, but the film's opening shot - through a web as a spider catches its prey - sets the stage as krabbé, as unshaven, smug, bisexual writer gerard reve (interestingly, also the name of the writer whose novel this is based on) crosses paths with a wealthy, mysterious, sexy woman named christine (soutendijk, melding androgynous stylings with simone simon-like innocence/cuteness that's pretty unnerving), who may be a literal 'black widow' responsible for the deaths of her three previous husbands. the two become lovers and move in with one another, but we're led to believe (through christine's bizarre behavior and the frequent appearances of another woman - played by geert de jong - who may or may not actually exist) something terrible is boiling under the surface. when another of christine's lovers, the young and "beautiful" herman (thom hoffman), shows up at the house, things take an unexpected turn. and that's all you need to know.the 4th man was a huge art-house success in much of the world, but didn't make it over to the us until 1984, where it was awarded the best foreign film of the year from the los angeles film critics association. the most common video is the media release, which has been horribly dubbed. try to avoid that one and head straight for the newer subtitled anchor bay dvd release. since coming to america, verhoeven's career has had its ups and downs. he has made a few decent films (flesh & blood, robocop) and some lousy ones (showgirls). in fact, verhoeven's big hit basic instinct is almost like a less interesting, junior league version of the fourth man. soutendjik also tried her hand at acting in america and since grave secrets (1989) and eve of destruction (1991) were the best offers she was getting, she headed right back home to the netherlands.

when it comes to paul verhoeven and erotic thrillers, most people think of "basic instinct" and some maybe of "showgirls". but verhoeven has made his best erotic thriller years before these two movies: "de vierde man". this film is mesmerizing and mindblowing - and above all the story is absolutely plausible, which makes the whole experience even more intense. the performances by jeroen krabbe, renee soutendijk and thom hoffman are exceptional, and verhoeven's direction does the rest. "de vierde man" makes even "basic instinct" look quite tame... it can't get much better than this, a true classic of erotic nightmare cinema. 10 out of 10, at least...

the morbid catholic writer gerard reve (jeroen krabbé) that is homosexual, alcoholic and has frequent visions of death is invited to give a lecture in the literature club of vlissingen. while in the railway station in amsterdam, he feels a non-corresponded attraction to a handsome man that embarks in another train. gerard is introduced to the treasurer of the club and beautician christine halsslag (renée soutendijk), who is a wealthy widow that owns the beauty shop sphinx, and they have one night stand. on the next morning, gerard sees the picture of christine's boyfriend herman (thom hoffman) and he recognizes him as the man he saw in the train station. he suggests her to bring herman to her house to spend a couple of days together, but with the secret intention of seducing the man. christine travels to köln to bring her boyfriend and gerard stays alone in her house. he drinks whiskey and snoops her safe, finding three film reels with names of men; he decides to watch the footages and discover that christine had married the three guys and all of them died in tragic accidents. later gerard believes christine is a witch and question whether herman or him will be her doomed fourth husband. the ambiguous "the vierde man" is another magnificent feature of paul verhoeven in his dutch phase. the story is supported by an excellent screenplay that uses catholic symbols to build the tension associated to smart dialogs; magnificent performance of jeroen krabbé in the role of a disturbed alcoholic writer; and stunning cinematography. the inconclusive resolution is open to interpretation like in many european movies that explore the common sense and intelligence of the viewers. there are mediocre directors that use front nudity of men to promote their films; however, paul verhoeven uses the nudity of gerard reve as part of the plot and never aggressive or seeking out sensationalism. last but not the least; the androgynous beauty of the sexy renée soutendijk perfectly fits to her role of a woman that attracts a gay writer. my vote is eight.title (brazil): "o 4o homem" ("the 4th man")

"de vierde man" (the fourth man, 1984) is considered one of the best european pycho thrillers of the eighties. this last work of dutch director paul verhoeven in his home country before he moved to hollywood to become a big star with movies like "total recall", "basic instinct" and "starship troopers" is about a psychopathic and disillusioned author (jeroen krabbe) going to the seaside for recovering. there he meets a mysterious femme fatale (renee soultendieck) and starts a fatal love affair with her. he becomes addicted to her with heart and soul and finds out that her three previous husbands all died with mysterious circumstances..."de vierde man" is much influenced by the old hollywood film noire and the psycho thrillers of alfred hitchcock and orson wells. it takes much time to create a dark and gripping atmosphere, and a few moments of extreme graphic violence have the right impact to push the story straight forward. the suspense is sometimes nearly unbearable and sometimes reminds of the works of italian cult director dario argento.the cast is also outstanding, especially krabbe's performance as mentally disturbed writer that opened the doors for his international film career ("the living daylights", "the fugitive"). if you get the occasion to watch this brilliant psycho thriller on tv, video or dvd, don't miss it!

paul verhoeven's predecessor to his breakout hit 'basic instinct' is a stylish and shocking neo-noir thriller. verhoeven has become known for making somewhat sleazy trash films, both in his native holland and in america and this film is one of the reasons why. the fourth man follows the strange story of gerard reve (played by jeroen krabbé); a gay, alcoholic and slightly mad writer who goes to vlissingen to give a talk on the stories he writes. while there, he meets the seductive christine halsslag (renée soutendijk) who takes him back to her house where he discovers a handsome picture of one of her lovers and proclaims that he will meet him, even if it kills him.paul verhoeven twists the truth many times in this film, and that ensures that you never quite know where you are with it. many of the occurrences in the fourth man could be what they appear to be, but they could easily be interpreted as something else entirely and this keeps the audience on the edge of their seats for the duration, and also makes the film work as this narrative is what it thrives on. paul verhoeven is not a filmmaker that feels he has to restrain himself, and that is one of things i like best about him. this film features a very shocking scene that made me feel ill for hours afterwards (and that doesn't happen very often!). i wont spoil it because it needs the surprise element to work...but you'll see what i mean when you see the film (make sure you get the uncut version!). there is also a number of other macabre scenes that are less shocking than the one i've mentioned, but are lovely nonetheless; a man gets eaten by lions, another one has a pipe sent through his skull, a boat is smashed in half...lovely.the acting in the fourth man isn't anything to write home about, but it's solid throughout. jeroen krabbé holds the audience's attention and looks the part as the drunken writer. it is renée soutendijk that impresses the most, though, as the femme fatale at the centre of the tale. her performance is what sharon stone would imitate nine years later with basic instinct, but the original fatale did it best. paul verhoeven's direction is solid throughout as he directs our attention through numerous points of view, all of which help to create the mystery of the story. verhoeven has gone on to make some rubbish, but he obviously has talent and it's a shame that he doesn't put it to better use. of all the verhoeven films i've seen, this is the best and although it might be difficult to come across; trust me, it's worth the effort.

director paul verhoeven's american vehicles are of varied quality, but most of the films he made in his native country are indisputable masterworks. this is the story of alcoholic (and bi-sexual) writer who moves in with a beautiful rich and very strange woman. but the lady does not know that he is only interested in meeting the woman's handsome male lover. in the meantime, the writer is plagued with strange visions - at first they look like hallucinations triggered by alcohol abuse, but he soon begins to realize that he is actually experiencing some kind of premonitions. fascinating hitchcockian thriller, very original and provocative. i love films that make you think they are about something, but then you realize they are about something completely different. this is one of those movies; a thriller during the first half, and a quasi-religious surrealist saga during the second half. very erotic, original and blasphemous, not for kids or people that go to church every sunday. great cinematography by future director jan de bont. highly reommended!

paul verhoeven's de vierde man (the fourth man) is one of the most compelling thrillers i have ever seen. it really was a pleasant surprise. the story concerns bi-sexual writer gerard (jeroen krabbe), as he is lured into a relationship with beautiful hairdresser christine (renée soutendijk), but in the twisted mind of gerard there could be more to the story. verhoeven and cinematographer jan de bont create a beautiful and thick atmosphere full of surreal and sickening sexual imagery, this really pulls you into the story, you don't want to watch, but you can't turn yourself away. this is by far verhoeven's best film (maybe second only to robocop). true the fourth man isn't for everyone, some of the sex scenes are quite gratuitous (just ignore them, but trust me, if you watch for at least ten minutes you'll be hooked. this is one of those films that you need to know how it ends, a true whodunit it in the hitchcock tradition, compelling, controversial and thrilling. i even like the spider metaphor. 8/10

in holland a gay writer gerard (jeroen krabbe) gives a lecture. he stays overnight with a beautiful woman christine (renee soutendijk) and has sex with her (by imagining she's a boy). he plans to leave the next day, but gets a look at a picture of christine's hunky boyfriend herman (thom hoffman) and decides to stay to have a try at him. then things get strange.a big x-rated art house hit in the us in 1983. why was it x rated? let's see...there's strangulation, full frontal male and female nudity, castration, mutilation, simulated sex, a scene in a church with a cross that will shock most people, a gay sex scene in a crypt...and it's all a comedy!!!!! paul verhoeven made this after "spetters". "spetters" was attacked by the critics for it's extreme sexual sequences and denounced as trash. so, verhoeven filled this film with very obvious symbolism thinking the critics would think it was art and praise it. he was right! critics loved the film not realizing that verhoeven was playing a big joke on them. still, it's a great film. it's beautifully shot by jan de bont (now a director himself) and there's so much symbolism and obvious "hidden" layers in the dialogue that you're never bored. all the acting is great--krabbe plays a thoroughly despicable character but (somehow) has you rooting for him; soutendijk is just stunning to look at and plays her part to perfection--the little smile she gives when gerard agrees to stay with her is chilling; hoffman is extremely handsome with a great body--he deserves credit for doing the church sequence and going at with krabbe in the crypt.this is not for people easily offended or the weak of heart, but if you like extreme movies that playfully challenge you (like me) this is for you! a 10 all the way.

i watch cold case because of the real life experiences depicted. this one was very close to me and touched me deeply, so beautifully handled, thanks, merideth. all the characters are well developed 3d especially coop. the material is still difficult to approach, the us is far behind the developed nations of the world. only this kind of honest actual experiential portrayal and treatment makes an impact on the population. of course, not everyone sees things the same way but i am heartened that 3/4 of the men polled in the under 30 crowd voted the same as me 10. you're reaching the hard ones - i will forever reserve the "best episode" place for this episode. please continue taking chances and accept my heartfelt gratitude.

a convict serving time comes forward to give the cold case unit information about the murder of a policeman, committed years before. the murder of sean cooper, a good cop, was never solved. naturally, the detectives believe the new evidence will help them put together all the pieces of the puzzle that frustrated their colleagues.in flashbacks we are taken to the baptism of james bruno's baby. sean and jimmy were partners. there is tension as sean, who is the godfather, arrives disheveled and late for the rite. eileen bruno doesn't appear to be happy being there. the real mystery is revealed by her. she caught sean, who was drinking with jimmy in the backyard, kiss her husband, and more shocking yet, jimmy responding willingly.somehow at the station the partners become the center of gossip. sean has not endeared himself to his superior because he discovered the involvement with a criminal in his area who controlled the drug business. sean realizes this man is in with the drug strong man because he always makes an excuse to free the scum bags sean and jimmy haul into the station all the time. the pressure is too much on jimmy. sean is comfortable in his homosexuality and wants to be honest about it. cooper's own father doesn't want anything to do with a queer son. even his superior mccree wants him out of his jurisdiction, but the case is complicated because cooper comes from a long line of irish men serving in the police force. sean is killed because his homosexual condition, and for knowing too much on his peers' involvement in taking dirty money.tom petit wrote this honest portrayal of the life of a police officer in the closet and his secret love with another fellow cop. we thought it was a frank account of a serious matter no one talked about in those days. sometimes the people involved with the show, fearing reprisals from sponsors, or the networks, don't dare to present these real situations. jeannot szwarc, shows a sensitive approach to this thorny issue, which is dealt without the sensationalism the case might have been shown with a different team.there is a rare chad everett appearance as the older jimmy bruno. his take is right on target with a touch of sentimentality that doesn't get out of hand. shane johnson makes an excellent contribution to the show as sean cooper. the cast is marvelous and it includes good all around performances from everyone under mr. szwarc's direction.in this episode, nick vera, gets closer to his neighbor, the mother of the basketball player the detective took his ball away. nick is heading for romance with the woman!

i have watched quite a few cold case episodes over the years, beginning with season 1 episodes back in 2003-2004. and while most have been good, this particular episode was not only the best of the best, but has few rivals in the emmy categories. though some may not agree with the story content (i.e. the male-to-male romantic relationship), i doubt that anyone could watch this without being deeply moved within their spirit.the story is essentially about a case that was reopened, based on the testimony from a dying drug dealer. the two central actors are two police officers in the 1960's named sean coop (aka, the cold case victim who goes by his last name, coop) and his partner, jimmy bruno. in the story, coop is single, a vietnam war vet, with a deeply troubled past. jimmy, however, is married, with children no less. both are partners on the police force and form not only a friendship, but a secret romantic relationship that they both must hide from a deeply and obviously homophobic culture prevalent at that time.the flashback scenes of their lives are mostly in black and white, with bits of color now and then sprinkled throughout. examples include their red squad car, the yellow curtains gently blowing by the window in jimmy's bedroom, where jimmy's wife watched coop and jimmy drink, fight, and then kiss each other while being in an alcohol-induced state. i found it interesting that only selected items were colored in the flashback scenes, with everything else in black and white. i still have not figured out the color scheme and rationale.the clearly homophobic tension between fellow patrol officers and the two central actors only heightens the intensity of the episode. one key emotional scene was when coop was confronted by his father after the baptism of jimmy's baby. in this scene, coop's father, sarge, who was a respected fellow officer on the force, confronts coop about the rumors surrounding coop's relationship with jimmy. one can feel sorry for coop, at this point, as the shame and disgrace of coop's father was heaped upon coop - "you are not going to disgrace our family...and you're not my son, either." - clearly indicative of the hostile views of same-sex relationships of that era.additional tension can also be seen in the police locker room where coop and another officer go at it after coop and jimmy are labeled "batman and robin homos". as for the relationship between coop and jimmy, it's obvious that coop wanted more of jimmy in his life. once can see the tension in jimmy's face as he must choose between his commitment to his wife and kids, his church, and yet his undying devotion to coop.in the end, jimmy walks away from coop, realizing that he cannot have both coop and his family at the same time. sadly, coop is killed, perhaps because of his relationship with jimmy, but coop may also have been killed for his knowledge of drug money and police corruption that reached higher up in the force.the most moving scene in the whole episode was when coop, as he sat dying from gunshot wounds in his squad car, quietly spoke his last words over his police radio to his partner: "jimmy...we were the lucky ones. don't forget that."the soundtrack selection was outstanding throughout the episode. i enjoyed the final scene with the actor chad everett, playing the still grieving jimmy, only much older by now, and clearly still missing his former partner, coop.i highly recommend this episode and consider it the best. it is without a doubt the most well-written, well-acted, and well done of all cold case episodes that i've ever seen.

this was a fantastic episode. i saw a clip from it on youtube, and i vowed that should it ever show on tv, i would glue myself to the set in order to watch. i wound up watching it with a friend of mine, who happens to be gay, and the two of us cried at the end. this was a truly well-written, heartfelt episode of the forbidden love between two cops who, i felt, really were (in coop's words) "the lucky ones". it is episodes like this one that really make cold case one of the most captivating and much-loved works of television magic on cbs. i anxiously await more episodes, and a re-run of "forever blue" because i will always watch it again and again.

this was one of the all time best episodes. officer sean cooper was murdered in his patrol car back in '68. a dying convict in the state penitentiary reveals that he stole a block of heroin from the car after the shooting. his case is reopened with the presumption that he was corrupted as a policeman.further investigation into him as a police officer and a human being reveals a war veteran involved in a forbidden love. this type of love was considered shameful and something to at least keep hidden at that time.while this isn't the type of love i personally support, he was still a policeman and a human being and shouldn't have been killed for it. the sound track was excellent (keeps me watching the dvr), and the selective use of black and white mixed with color to emphasize one object or give a particular feeling to a scene was especially appealing. i shall be watching this one in repeat!

what a stunning episode for this fine series. this is television excellence at its best. the story takes place in 1968 and it's beautifully filmed in black & white, almost a film noir style with its deep shadows and stark images. this is a story about two men who fall in love, but i don't want to spoil this. it is a rare presentation of what homosexuals faced in the 1960s in america. written by the superb tom pettit, and directed by the great jeannot szwarc, we move through their lives, their love for each other, and their tragedy. taking on such a sensitive issue makes this episode all the more stunning. our emotions are as torn and on edge as the characters. chills ran up my spine at the end when they played bob dylan's gorgeous, "ah, but i was so much older then, i'm younger than that now," as sung by the byrds. this one goes far past a 10 and all the way to the stars. beautiful.

i've watched a bunch of episodes of cold case since its premiered (especially now that it immediately follows the amazing race, but this was one of the best instances of writing and acting i've seen from the house of bruckheimer. the casting, especially of the younger officers, was spot on, and the script and editing, the soundtrack, and the acting made this episode a tour d'force. if i were the producers i would submit this episode for emmy consideration. it amazing how complete a portrait was made of coop and jimmy within the confines of s 48 minute episode; that takes a lot of talented people doing their best. i hope there's is advance warning of when this episode is repeated, because i'm sure i'll notice a lot that i did not notice the first time around.

it is always satisfying when a detective wraps up a case and the criminal is brought to book. in this case the climax gives me even greater pleasure. to see the smug grin wiped off the face of abigail mitchell when she realises her victim has left "deathbed testimony" which leaves no doubt about her guilt is very satisfying.please understand: while i admire ruth gordon's performance, her character really, *really* irritates me. she is selfish and demanding. she gets her own way by putting on a simpering 'little girl' act which is embarrassing in a woman of her age. worse, she has now set herself up as judge, jury and executioner against her dead niece's husband.when columbo is getting too close she tries to unnerve him by manipulating him into making an off-the-cuff speech to an audience of high-class ladies. he turns the tables perfectly by delivering a very warm and humane speech about the realities of police work.nothing can distract columbo from the pursuit of justice. abby's final appeal to his good nature is rejected because he has too much self-respect not to do his job well. here is one situation you can't squirm out of ms mitchell!

i haven't really seen too many of the columbo films... actually, i think i've only watched one or two, apart from this one. i've always liked columbo, though, somehow without even having seen that much of him. peter falk is and has always been the perfect choice for the character, because of his looks, his voice and his charm. the perfect proof of this is that though the series started all the way back in 1968, the latest(and probably not last) of the films was made in 2003. that's 35 years. and falk was 40 back when he made the first one. the series consists of 68 films(unless my count is off), all of which are made for tv. everyone knows the character, even though no one has ever seen a film featuring him in the cinema. that is quite an accomplishment, if you ask me. the plot is pretty good. the only problem i have with it is that the killer and murder is revealed at the very beginning(though that may be the same for all of the columbo films), leaving no mystery but how columbo solves it, making it somewhat dull(since there's not much to look forward to at the end of the film). the pacing is good, there's hardly a scene where you're bored. the acting is very good, particularly that of falk and ruth gordon. they have some great exchanges of dialog in the film. the characters are well-written and credible. the dialog and script is unusually good for a tv-movie. all in all, the film is, yes, surprisingly good for a tv-movie, and definitely worth watching for any fan of columbo and/or crime/mystery flicks. 8/10

**spoilers** since the disappearance at sea of her favorite niece phyllis murder mystery writer abigail mitchell, ruth gordon, has strong suspicions that it was phyllis' husband edmund galvin, charles frank, who was responsible for her death. in fact abigail is convinced that he murdered her and made it look like a tragic accident.knowing that there's no evidence to have edmund arrested for phyillis' death and deciding to take the law into her own hands abigail cooks up this elaborate plan to do him in and make it look, like phyllis' death, a tragic accident. getting edmund to secretly come over to her mansion to give him the combination to her walk-in safe, as she's about to leave on vacation for new york city, abigail tricks him into going inside locking the startled and surprised edmund in. with the safe being soundproof nobody at the mansion the butler maid and abigail's personal secretary veronica, mariette hartley, hear him screaming for help and the next day edmund is found suffocated to death. veronica discovered edmund's body as she was about to put away, for safe keeping, abigail's latest murder mystery manuscript.lt. columbo, peter falk, is called on the case involving the strange death of edmund garvin to determine if it's a murder or a tragic accident. going through edmund's apartment columbo is puzzled to find out that he doesn't have a single photo of his late wife, who's been missing for just a month! this ties into what abigail always felt about him in edmund not being in love with phyllis and also a suspect in her, in abigail's mind, murder. columbo a big fan, together with his wife, of abigail's murder mystery novels has a hard time realizing that she in fact was responsible for edmund's death. all the evidence points to abigil including a pair of missing car keys that was edmunds. this all proved that abgail was in fact in the house, not on her way to the airport, when edmund was locked inside the walk-in safe.going through all the evidence columbo comes up with this strange conclusion that edmund must have left some evidence inside the safe in writing to who his killer is. that conclusion is quickly checkmated when it's found out that edmund didn't even have a pen or pencil as well as light, with the safe light-bulb burned out, on him to write it. there's also something very odd that's inside the safe that has been on lt. columbo's mind ever since he came on the case. this has to do with the black paint residue that was found under the dead edmund's fingernails and on his belt buckle! it's that evidence, when put together with a number of other items in the safe, that in the end hangs edmund's murder on the tricky and very cunning mystery writer abigail mitchell. edmund let abigail unknowingly convict herself in his final attempt as the air in the safe was being used up, by his breathing, in using burnt out matchsticks to write on abigail last manuscript who murdered him: abigail mitchell!

this is the one in which the diminutive ruth gordon plays an agatha-christie type of murder mystery author who locks her nephew by marriage into a safe. gordon believes that he murdered her niece and the young fellow dies of suffocation, while gordon is traveling back and forth to new york. he manages, however, to leave behind some clues, scratches on a couple of black safe deposit boxes and an improvised and well-hidden note. columbo enters the case, suspects her at once, and solves the mystery by simply using his supernatural mystical intuitive powers. oh, and mariette hartley is on hand as gordon's secretary and would-be blackmailer. hartley is, i believe, the grand daughter of the psychologist b. f. skinner. i'm not sure her ancestry had anything to do with her attractive belly button, which is on display during a belly dance sequence, but i've always admired skinner anyway.the murder is well handled. it's a good plot, and none of the performers or crew fluff anything. but the outstanding figure here is ruth gordon, only a skosh over five feet tall. she was over 80 years old and looked it. there are moments when she almost teeters, but she consistently exudes charm. her acting is idiosyncratic. you can never be sure when she's being serious or when she's putting columbo and the audience on. she's given some good lines too. what humor there is comes from gordon. columbo doesn't have any of his frequent comic moments.all in all, a nice job by everyone concerned.

i loved the episode but seems to me there should have been some quick reference to the secretary getting punished for effectively being an accomplice after the fact. while i like when a episode of columbo has an unpredictable twist like this one, its resolution should be part of the conclusion of the episode, along with the uncovering of the murderer.the interplay between peter falk and ruth gordon is priceless. at one point, gordon, playing a famous writer, makes some comment about being flattered by the famous lt. columbo, making a tongue-in-cheek allusion to the detective's real life fame as a crime-solver. this is one of the best of many great columbo installments.

i like this episode quite a bit, ruth gordon is good if not a little hammy as she always was. as has been stated, the music is very good, and it has a moodiness that doesn't exist in all episodes.but one major plot hole exists, so wide you can drive a fleet of trucks through it. it is established that the light doesn't work in the vault. don't you think that the very intelligent columbo or the rest of the police would have thought to check if the light bulb worked? you'd think in pretty short order they would have unscrewed the bulb and so found the note. granted this is tv whodunit fiction, and various holes will always be found, but this seems much too glaring.it really doesn't make columbo out to be the hidden genius when the light doesn't work but the "death bed" testimony goes on unfound, apparently for days.

the movie has a great written genre story. it features all of the usual columbo ingredients; the way lt. columbo approaches and bonds to his suspect, the way the mystery unravels for him, columbo's dog, the cat and mouse play, which is great in this one and luckily as well some good relieving humor, mostly involving the columbo character. it's all written despite the fact that it doesn't even have a truly original concept. columbo hunting down a detective/murder novel writer had been done more than once before in a columbo movie.it's also an extremely well directed movie from james frawley, who after this directed 5 more columbo movies, in the '70's and '80's. he provided the movie with style and some truly great and memorable sequences.it's one of the slower moving columbo movies, despite not having a too long running time. this style and approach doesn't always work out well for a columbo movie but in this movie it does, which is perhaps not in the least thanks to the acting performances of the movie.most columbo movie either starred a big well known star or a star from the early days of film-making, as the movie its murderer. this movie stars the rather unknown 81 year old ruth gordon. she didn't starred in an awful lot of movies throughout her career but she is still well known to some, mostly for her role in "rosemary's baby", which also won her an oscar. she had a realistic and somewhat unusual style of acting, which some people might not like though. it earned her 4 more oscar nominations throughout her career, prior to her win for "rosemary's baby", in 1969. she has some great interaction as well with peter falk in their sequences together.the movie also stars a still young g.d. spradlin. i say young because i only know him from his latest productions out of his career, despite the fact that he already was 57 at the time of this columbo production. he is still alive but retired from acting, ever since 1999.an even better than usual columbo movie entry.8/10

i love this episode of columbo. maybe it's because ruth gordon is in it and she is wonderful as successful mystery writer abigail mitchell, an american version of dame agatha christie. she is delicious to watch as the perky, lovable author who suffered a terrible loss when her niece died in a drowning accident. she blames her niece's husband, the nephew. she plans to kill him to avenge her death since the police have abandoned her. i would have loved somebody else than mariette hartley to play veronica. i never really like hartley in anything personally. and of course with columbo, there are some laughs like when he questions veronica at a belly-dancing class. ruth's abigail is a smart sleuth herself and she matches wits with columbo always played wonderfully by peter falk.

ruth gordon is one of the more sympathetic killers that columbo has ever had to deal with. and, the plot is ingenious all the way around. this is one of the best columbo episodes ever. mariette hartley and g. d. spradlin are excellent in their supporting roles. and peter falk delivers a little something extra in his scenes with gordon.

i have a lot of time for all the columbo films, but this one in particular was extremely well written, and the solution at the end very effective. however, my main memory of this one is the opening of a scene in the middle of the film, between columbo and the murderer (i apologise if i've not remembered every detail of this exactly). it's the most striking image of columbo i've seen: the view is from inside the darkness of the cupboard where the victim was murdered, and into the room beyond, which is lit up by daylight. columbo is sitting in a high-backed armchair facing the doorway (and us), contemplating the cupboard, and almost in silhouette due to the contrast in light. there's no sound. the camera slowly moves out of the room and up towards him. he's deep in meditation, puffing gently on a cigar, swirls of smoke from the cigar circling slowly upwards as he thinks. then the dialogue starts. superb.

ruth gordon at her best. this episode is my favorite of the whole columbo series. peter falk and ruth gordon worked so well together that they should both be inducted into the television hall of fame, regardless of the rest of their work. even the music was outstanding in this episode.

a top notch columbo from beginning to end. i particularly like the interaction between columbo and the killer, ruth gordon.as an avid columbo fan, i can't recall another one in which he doesn't set up the killer at the end as he does in other episodes. in this one, as he's trying to determine the correct sequence of the boxes and the "message" that the nephew left behind, it finally dawns on him.the music in this episode is very good as well, as it is in many of other ones.

don't waste time reading my review. go out and see this astonishingly good episode, which may very well be the best columbo ever written! ruth gordon is perfectly cast as the scheming yet charming mystery writer who murders her son-in-law to avenge his murder of her daughter. columbo is his usual rumpled, befuddled and far-cleverer-than-he-seems self, and this particular installment features fantastic chemistry between gordon and falk. ironically, this was not written by heralded creators levinson or link yet is possibly the densest, most thoroughly original and twist-laden columbo plot ever. utterly satisfying in nearly every department and overflowing with droll and witty dialogue and thinking. truly unexpected and inventive climax tops all. 10/10...seek this one out on netflix!

for columbo fans, such as myself, this is the episode of episodes that made a case for why columbo was so popular, and just how good it really was. ruth gordon has a field day (as ever) playing the wittily intelligent crime novelist abigail mitchell. seems abigail calls her nephew-in-law to sign some papers making him her heir. she never got over her niece's death, and is convinced her dead niece's husband (charles frank) did the dirty deed. to tell more would be unthinkable. mariette hartley has a sly role as abigail's personal assistant. this episode of columbo is in a class by itself. it's a truly well made television movie. i recommend it most highly.

murder in mesopotamia, i have always considered one of the better poirot books, as it is very creepy and has an ingenious ending. there is no doubt that the tv adaptation is visually striking, with some lovely photography and a very haunting music score. as always david suchet is impeccable as hercule poirot, the comedic highlight of the episode being poirot's battle with a mosquito in the middle of the night, and hugh fraser is good as the rather naive captain hastings. the remainder of the cast turn in decent performances, but are careful not to overshadow the two leads, a danger in some christie adaptations. some of the episode was quite creepy, a juxtaposition of an episode as tragic as five little pigs, an episode that i enjoyed a lot more than this one. what made it creepy in particular, putting aside the music was when louise leidner sees the ghostly face through the window. about the adaptation, it was fairly faithful to the book, but i will say that there were three things i didn't like. the main problem was the pacing, it is rather slow, and there are some scenes where very little happens. i didn't like the fact also that they made joseph mercado a murderer. in the book, i see him as a rather nervous character, but the intervention of the idea of making him a murderer, and under-developing that, made him a less appealing character, though i am glad they didn't miss his drug addiction. (i also noticed that the writers left out the fact that mrs mercado in the book falls into hysteria when she believes she is the murderer's next victim.) the other thing that wasn't so impressive was that i felt that it may have been more effective if the adaptation had been in the viewpoint of amy leatheran, like it was in the book, amy somehow seemed less sensitive in the adaptation. on the whole, despite some misjudgements on the writers' behalf, i liked murder in mesopotamia. 7/10 bethany cox.

being that this movie has a lot of fine entertainment qualities i think it should some more credit than it has been given on imdb.it's your basic 'who done it?' thriller with sex and murder but it keeps you guessing right to the end. i like these kinds of movies and i certainly think this one meets the standard.to me it was worth watching more than once so i'll give it an 8 on imdb.

a fey story of a martian attempt to colonize earth. (things must be pretty bad back on mars.) two state troopers investigate the scene of a reported ufo crash. whatever landed is buried under the ice at tracy's pond but there are footsteps in the snow leading to a nearby diner.the diner has had no customers since eleven o'clock that morning. now there are a handful of bus passengers sitting around waiting for permission to cross a structurally weak bridge. the bus driver insists that six passengers were aboard the bus, although he didn't notice who they were. the problem is that there are now seven people waiting for the journey to be resumed. one of them is an alien, but which one? all of them are suspect. there's the crazy old man (jack elam), of course, who seems to exercise a sub rosa wit. there's a blustering businessman who must get to boston (john hoyt). a young couple on their honeymoon. (execrable performance by the husband, ron kipling.) except for the couples, nobody has noticed anyone else. and even the couples are suspicious of each other. bride to newly minted husband: "i could have sworn you had a mole on your chin." the story continues in a sprightly but slightly spooky way -- the phone rings for no reason, the lights go on and off, the juke box turns itself on -- and none of it is to be taken seriously.it's a thoroughly enjoyable ensemble play and the climactic revelation is worth a chuckle. there is no discernible "depth" to it. it's not a moral message about pod people masquerading as normal citizens. it's not a warning of any kind, just a fairy tale that diverts and amuses.i always enjoy it when it's on. it's especially interesting to see john hoyt as the irritable and impatient businessman, knowing that in 1954 he was the roman senator who masterminded the assassination of julius caesar in mgm's version of shakespeare's play. and here he is -- with three arms.oops.

in a series chock-full of brilliant episodes, this one stands out as one of my very favorites. it's not the most profound episode, there's no great meaning or message. but it's a lot of fun, and there are some fine performances.but what makes it really stand out for me is that it is, to my knowledge, the *only* twilight zone episode with a *double* snapper ending. the zone is rightly famous for providing a big surprise at the end of a story. but this time, you get a surprise, and think that's that, but it turns out there's *another* surprise waiting. i just like that so much, that this is probably one of my two favorite episodes (the other being a deeper, more message-oriented one).

one of my favorite twilight zone episodes. and the next day we were in the supermarket at hollywood blvd. and la brea, my father and i, and guess who was coming toward us in the aisle! barney phillips, but no hat on -- at least, i don't think he had a hat on.we asked him about his third eye, and he said something like he left it at home, and everybody he met that day had asked him about it.a friendly guy. we used to see all kinds of character actors in la in those days.btw, i was a teenager and it took a long time for me to get over the "three hands" on the other alien! robyn frisch o'neill hollywood native and resident 1947 to 1963.

a bus full of passengers is stuck during a snow storm. the police have closed the bridge--saying it's unsafe and they are stuck in a little café until the road has been cleared. however, after a while, their boredom is turned to concern, as it seems that one of the passengers was not originally on the bus and may just be an alien!! this leads to a conclusion that is ironic but also rather funny in a low-brow way.this is another of the fun episodes of the twilight zone. instead of the typical twists or social commentary, this one features no lasting message. however, it's also very and watchable, so who cares?! exactly what occurs you'll just have to see for yourself.by the way, this one stars john hoyt--a face most of you will recognize from countless old tv shows and movies. in almost every case, he played a real grouch (like charles lane during the same era), but boy did i love seeing him--as he perfected the grouchy persona and was kind of funny at the same time.

this is one of the more adorable episodes of the twilight zone, with some fun dialog and amusing characters to break the tension of some creepy moments. there's the usual blond vamp "dancer" (what is up with serling's fondness for that kind of character, such that she keeps showing up in various episodes?) and other assorted characters, but it's jack elam's "old man" who totally steals the show. i consider this the funny, light-hearted version of "the monsters are due on maple street" -- or, perhaps, a 20-minute twilight zone parody of "the thing." on another note: i thought the young lover of the episode might be someone who eventually went on to other things -- he looked familiar -- but it seems that "ron kipling" disappeared after just two tv credits to his name.

rod serling was, of course, a genius and his wonderful, playful, creative mind left something of the period in which he lived and examples of television at that state of development. there are no such shows now, but rather "housewife" sluts ala eva longoria or terri hatcher, or the pitiful stabs at humor and witty banter that litter our high-tech screens.jack elam edged into the episode with such acting precision and with his usual craziness that i can't help but think that rod serling was tailoring that long ago week's show around elam, even though he was an ancillary to the flow of the story. this episode ends with a twist, as usual, but shock and humor are mixed with especially "serlingesque" dexterity.rex lewis field

after an anonymous phone call about a spacecraft that would have crashed in a frozen wood, two police officers find evidences that the event really happened and apparently one martian had walked away from the spot. they drive to the nearby hi-way café and they find a bus stopped and seven passengers waiting the reopening of a snowed in bridge. however the driver tells that he had only six passengers when he parked the bus. while interrogating the travelers, weird things happen in the diner, with the lights switching on and off and the turntable turning on and off. when the passengers are released and the bus follows his travel, one passenger returns to the diner and discloses a plot of invasion of earth."will the real martian please stand up?" is one of the best episodes of this great series. the intriguing story has ironic and witty dialogs, funny characters and situations and a surprising and totally unexpected plot point in the very end. my vote is eight.title (brazil): "o marciano" ("the martian")

nifty little episode played mainly for laughs, but with clever dollop of suspense. somehow a martian has snuck aboard a broken-down bus on its way to nowhere, but which passenger is it, (talk about your illegal immigrants!). all-star supporting cast, from wild-eyed jack elam (hamming it up shamelessly), to sexy jean willes (if she's the martian, then i say let's open the borders!), to cruel-faced john hoyt (the most obvious suspect), along with familiar faces john archer and barney phillips (and a nice turn from bill kendis as the bus driver). makes for a very entertaining half-hour even if the action is confined to a single set.

i watched this with my whole family as a 9 year old in 1964 on our black and white tv. i remember my father remarking that "this is how it could have happened - adam and eve." i vividly remember the scene when adam finds eve, her eyes were blackened. i asked my father why were her eyes blackened and he told because she was tired and hungry. having not seen this episode in 45 years, i still remember it vividly - the tv transmissions back and forth with the home planet, scenes of bombs shaking the headquarters, with the final scene of the two walking off, adam carrying his pack and eve following. it may not have been a theatrical work of art, but it certainly left an impression on me all these years.

i just saw this episode this evening, on a recently-added presentation by one of our local independent channels, which now presents two episodes each weekday.as the gentleman opined in the other, previous comment here, i agree this may not have been one of the best programs of the series, but i find it entertaining nonetheless.my father was a friend of one of the principals (in my hometown, cincinnati), for whom young rod serling had worked in the media there -- and i remember dad telling how talented and creative he was remembered there. overall "twilight zone" is certainly one of the true classics in television, and given its production during the height of the cold war period, provides not only a view of this era in the country, but also (today) a nostalgic picture of production techniques, creative viewpoints and the actors of this era several decades ago.* minor "spoiler."*this particular story depicts, as did other presentations in this series and elsewhere, a story where the locale is meant to provide a "surprise" ending. sometimes the characters are on earth, from elsewhere, while the story at first implies at least one is an "earthling." these usually contained the message (as here) of a situation prompted by the doomsday buttons having finally been pressed by the super powers during this cold war period.viewed today, stories like this one provide a nostalgic look at this worldly viewpoint 4-5 decades ago, and still provide some food-for-thought. -- as did this episode.while the dialog may not have stretched the considerable talents of the leads, it still presents a simple, important message, and a worthwhile 20-some minutes of entertainment and interest.

i saw this important intense film tonight. its richard gere and claire's dane's most important and best work. gere deserves an oscar for his fine portrayal of a man being forced into early retirement as a sex offender registrar administrator. claire danes is riveting as the woman gere handpicks to replace him - a woman he tries to teach all he can while investigating one final case in which gere's character is convinced one of those he is charged to monitor may be holding a young girl hostage. the subject matter is shocking, sex offenders and those who monitor them, but this film will not soon be forgotten. i know i will be haunted by gere's portrayal for a very long time. not since anthony hopkins portrayal of a serial killer has a screen portrayal terrified and so engaged me. the film opens with a shocking statistic so don't miss the opening credits. intense and memorable. richard gere's finest role proving the man can act. danes can as well and both do extraordinarily well in this often challenging film.this is a gutsy film and gere gives a multi-layered deeply felt performance. just give him the oscar now...he deserves it!

its a shame she didn't get screen credit , she by far did the best job in the film has the girl on the cross , best part of the movie .she had much more impact than avril , or just about anyone else in the film . she almost made s/m look like fun ! she really was believable has the s/m model that gets scared of her situation . although they seem to really have messed up that sort of dreamy feeling of looking for the bad guy , those sets were very well built but they just sort of skimmed the surface of what was shot . this is one film were both cuts should be made available. it seems they left out a lot of what was shot , and almost all of the really dark stuff that would have made the film much more demented . its kind of like they stopped short of the mark they were going for during filming . what was shot would not have gotten a r rating probably a nc-17 or x , but that is what it would have needed to make the film they way it should have been .

since their nasty divorce from the disney company (with disney keeping the miramax brand) the weinstein company seems to specialize in above average movies which are then under-promoted and seen by few. the flock is a prime example.a story about the civil servants who have the nasty job of keeping track of registered sex offenders, this picture will tell you more about sex criminals than an entire season of law and order - svu.richard gere gives his best-ever performance as the soft-spoken agent worn-out by the task. claire danes for once has the opportunity to get into a solid role (instead of the junk she normally gets stuck in) and she makes the most of playing the novice. the cinematography, pacing, editing, all of it is first rate --- and i saw no trace of the attention-deficit-disorder camera jump-around or excess camera cuts that others complained about. the subject is handled with restraint, but it's still a tough subject and might make you sick.fifty years ago there was almost no problem with the kinds of sex crimes herein shown in abundance which will shock even the jaded. then came the supreme court decisions which simultaneously tied police hands as the "rights" of sex perverts were opened up and america was turned into a shopper's paradise for sexual perversity, both willing and unwilling. each such step was met with praise by liberals, who celebrated the warren court's ill deeds with glossy covers on time and newsweek. everyday liberals also praised the court's action and mocked those who disagree. in 2007 how many americans know that the kind of pornography that depicts savage violence and torture of young women -- can be subscribed to, and delivery of it is subsidized by the discount periodicals rate by the us post office. just one part of the problem -- a problem that can tare anyone's family to shreds.richard gere is a liberal, but he gives his best in his performance here. perhaps in his maturing age he's gained a measure of wisdom.

star rating: ***** saturday night **** friday night *** friday morning ** sunday night * monday morning a notably bad actor, getting by on his (now fading) looks rather than any strong dramatic talent, richard gere has always occupied a rather curious position in the american hollywood scene, always a sure bet in leading man roles who still holds a notable presence today. but nowadays he seems to have settled more into these sort of direct to dvd/limited release roles and as such maybe seems to be more settled in his forte now.he has to draw on some stern matter here as hardened, cynical case worker earl babbage, one such worker assigned to a few hundred sex offenders in one area of the us, who along with his new protégé allison allthrop (claire danes) must take to his latest case, delving into the abduction of a young woman while trying to forgive himself for a case he failed on ages ago.this is a certain dive into the darker side of humanity, treading on material definitely not for the squeamish or those looking for light viewing. and as such it's a pretty strong, compelling film, unflinching and not constrained by it's direct to dvd budget. the only thing really pulling it back is the overly used jittery, fast cutting camera sequences used in the more dramatic moments that look a bit corny after a while. but it's still some of the solidest material i've seen gere in, relentlessly getting darker and more over the edge as it goes on. ***

this is the first review i've wrote for imdb so bare with me, but i caught this flick on hbo and was sure glad i watched it. richard gere is great in this film as the passionate agent/detective who bends the rules to get the job done. i think the story is great, and there's never a dull scene that slows the pace of the movie down. some parts of the movie which have to do with demented sex addicts are pretty shocking, but if you've ever seen a crime film like se7en, you'll be able to stomach the scenes just fine. so all in all, if you're looking for a good detective/suspense movie, ignore the low rating this movie got on imdb and definitely watch it.

hong kong directors crossing over to hollywood to make movies is nothing new, with the temporary exodus of the likes of tsui hark, john woo, ringo lam in the 90s. from their collective output, only a few movies (or may i say just one?) made an impact at the box office. the andrew lau and alan mak partnership has been a tour de force in recent hk cinematic history, especially with their now famous infernal affairs trilogy which was remade into martin scorsese's the departed, so it's no surprise when hollywood comes knocking on the door.but without fellow collaborator mak, who usually has script/story duties, how did lau fare with writers hans bauer and craig mitchell? it's like the x-files without the x, in the way the story is crafted, the characters and the parallels drawn with the chris carter series. richard gere and claire danes pair up ala david duchovny and gillian anderson, only that they don't belong to any federal investigative agency who bear arms, but are employees of protective services, who's chief role is to ensure that sexual predators who belong to their jurisdiction, are kept safe from society when they are released from having served time. hence they are the shepherds tending to their flock, only that their flock suffer from sick sexual perversion with the propensity for violence.the parallels in characterization are so blatantly obvious, that it's just a cosmetic touch up on the outside. like fox mulder, gere's erroll babbage is a strange, lonely man, consumed by his obsession in his quest to doggedly harass his flock to tote the line. pained by a failed attempt to rescue a missing child, just like how mulder pines for his missing sister, babbage is shunned by colleagues and given the marching orders disguised as a retirement plan. he has deep disgust for the people he's monitoring, sick of their crimes and what they stand for, that he has no qualms in using unorthodox methods, short of flying off the handle while dishing out illegal, preemptive punishment. at the same time, he too has strong urges that he has to fight against, in order not to cross the line into becoming like those he loathes. as part of routine, he also scans newspapers and tabloids for clues and leads toward his objective, that of seeking closure, salvation for himself, and possessing a strong belief that the truth is still out there, and he wants to believe.danes' allison lowry on the other hand, is the ingénue brought in to replace babbage. but in the meantime while learning the ropes on the job for the next 18 days, she is required to spy on him, and to report his shenanigans, pretty much like what dana scully was tasked to do with fox mulder. as the disbeliever of pre-emptiveness and holding onto the notion that those discharged back to society have been cured of their temptations, she slowly starts to see what babbage sees, and understands that it takes a whole lot more than being just a desk and administrative job if she truly wants to help people.and it is this discovery of the world of fetishes and deviant sexual practices, that we open all our eyes to, much like how 8mm starring nicolas cage brought snuff films into the spotlight. it's a decent investigative drama with the usual red herrings, and my, are they really good ones as it made you wonder quite often if your guesses are correct, and you soon find yourself firing from the hip as you get proved incorrect at alarming frequency, though i don't credit this to a tight narrative, but more from the sprawling number of characters (watch out for avril lavigne's cameo) and sub plots. the scene in the darkened ware/shophouse was akin to se7en's david mills and william somerset when they raided john doe's apartment and find plenty of bizarreness inside, though here, given the subject nature, it wasn't lingered upon much.apparently, the flock somehow decided that enrique chediak's cinematography was good enough, despite its very strange style of having no style, utilizing almost every trick in the book to try and recreate feelings of watching another se7en, only that this was deeply steeped in tinges of brown, rather than the doom and gloom of black. it does take a little while to get used to this, and i put this effect as one which actually distracts from what is happening in the story. not a really good move though, with somewhat frequent repetition of scenes involving flashbacks.but the flock still makes decent entertainment, though x-philes out there would probably find it hard not to picture their favourite actors in the lead roles, given so much similarities in character. gere and danes do put forth some chemistry as the old fogey (heh) and his protégé, and while it's not exactly great, andrew lau did manage to pull off something enjoyable.

all i can say is, first movie this season that got my attention. i picked it because of the actors, gere and claire, and the story looked promising..i have just watched it and i can say - i'm overwhelmed. there are shocking scenes, true..but that's what makes it more realistic. we shouldn't run away from our reality, these things are happening right this moment. and there are experts who are trying to change things and make things better and who get laughed out about their commitment to the cause. actually i can't seem to feel the "hollywood touch" in the movie..and that's what makes it better. both claire and richard did a great roles, and deserve a 10 from me.

erroll works for the department of public safety and his job is to check up on sex offenders. sometimes he pushes the line at his job and beats on the sex offenders. i don't blame him but his boss is ready for him to retire so along comes allison. erroll is now training her to do his job and it's like job shadowing. allison is somewhat naive about the job in the beginning but she doesn't realize how much danger she really is and it's all erroll's fault. he starts to go to far with his obsession of finding a missing girl when his job isn't to be a police officer.it's a fairly decent movie about a crazy guy who pushes the boundaries and works outside his "scope of practice." erroll did do a good job but at the sake of the safety of allison. it has some good mystery to it too and just when i had it figured out, there was more to it.

i caught this movie late at night on cable, and i was pleasantly surprised. i can only imagine the reason this movie was not better known, is because the subject matter is very disturbing. but if you can handle the sexual abuse topic, it is a well acted, suspenseful and very interesting movie. both richard gere and claire daines are very good in it. and although the subject matter is not for the faint of heart, the movie doesn't go out of its way to be brutal either (like 8mm for instance).i highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys serial killer and suspense type movies.

the flock is unjustly maligned as a lesser "se7en" ripoff. there's really no reason to compare the two, except maybe for the similar scenery in the final showdown.now that that's out of the way i'll go into why the flock is very interesting in some respects. mostly it's a drama piece rather than a full blown thriller about a very vigilant social worker who monitors sexual offenders. at the very beginning you can clearly see his work has got the better of him. evident in two scenes where first he's interviewing an offender and slaps him around and second when a woman tries to pick him up and all he can think of are his standard questions from his questionnaire.gere is very good as errol babbage, the aforementioned social worker. his way of performing his job is not unlike that of a police officer, he carries a gun and is constantly checking newspapers and supplies law officials with information if some of his "flock" may be responsible for a sexual crime. he's also a person who's lost all happiness of living and his only relief seems to come from exacting his own vigilante justice on his flock. twice you see him smile, once when he's apologizing for treating his partner rudely and the other after he's beaten up a member of his flock.as a suspense flick, the flock isn't as successful. somewhat confusing and with some irritating plot holes but it does have a number of striking set pieces.overall the flock is a solid drama about a man performing a dehumanizing job and in the end he has to work hard to keep from being swallowed by the abyss he's surrounded himself in. the world we live in is a pretty sick place and the further one can distance himself from the worst the happier that person is. the flock gets that point across nicely.

gere and danes star as 2 workers for the department of public safety who keep track of released sex offenders. gere, who plays babbage, refers to them as his flock. gere is an over obsessed vigilante whom is on his way out. he is training, new comer allison, to take over his job. gere sees his flock as very sick, disturbed puppies. he asks them questions that are not on the list, and tries to act like the police and solve crimes. he keeps getting warned for this behavior, hence the reason he is being replaced. during his final few days on the job, a young girl goes missing, and babbage is sure it is one of his flock whom has gone astray. him and allison narrow a list down and discover some of the offenders have gone awol. so, he decides that he needs to track the missing girl down rather than help the police. that part is a little far fetched.there is some sick, twisted stuff shown in this film. like when babbage and allison go to this building where a bunch of sick people do disturbing things to each other. also, there are the people who kidnapped the girl. at the end of the film, we see what sick freaks they are. however, i wouldn't call this movie excessive because not really much is shown on film.final verdict: if you like thrillers and films about serial killers and cops chasing killers, then you will like this.

i really like richard gere...i always have and it seems as of late that his status as a hollywood star and money maker has slipped but it would appear to me that the reason is that he is taking very mature, intense roles and has been very successful at it just not financially because i have seen him in some truly great gems as of late including the hoax, the hunting party (both must see films! see my reviews) and now this the flock which apparently was meant to be a big release considering it's substantial 35 million + budget. it seems that some of the other imdb reviews are very, very harsh because i thought the film dealt with a potentially very serious social issue in a very direct, violent and disturbing way and gere just brings it all home. it's an action thriller drama that kept my glued to the television with it's story. i think part of the problem that people seem to have with it is that it hollywood-izes a very serious issue but i don't think it does it with disrespect but rather tries to take a different spin to make people aware that this exists. in fact it's much the same way that the hunting party dealt with war. hong kong director wai-keung lau did a decent job holding it together but i think the cast is what made it watchable.richard gere as you may have guessed from my previous comments is brilliant as a social worker of sorts erroll babbage who has kind of created his own style and laws when it comes to keeping track of his "flock" who are registered violent sex offenders. he holds no punches in tracking these people, following them and making absolutely sure they don't re-offend and if they do he'll be the one to identify and stop them any way he can. gere is so intense and looks drained from this job and he's become violent and angry at watching these monsters loose on the street. he is just fantastic. claire danes is also terrific as babbage's new partner and his replacement who he has to train to do his job. danes' character is far more typical social worker and is a little taken aback by babbage's style and methods but slowly realizes what he is trying to accomplish and go up against. the two of them are brilliant together and have terrific chemistry with such vastly different characters. kadee strickland plays a disturbed registered offender who appears to be torn from the headlines as she plays a character very reminiscent of karla homolka (paul bernardo's wife who is now out) for those of you who follow canadian serial killers. her character goes a little over the top but she is convincing and horrifying all at once. russell sams has a small role as strickland's new boyfriend and he would have been better probably given a bigger role. ray wise, who is a terrific character actor (check him out in dead end as well as the amazing turn as satan himself in the wb show reaper) and he gets a small but good role as the head of the public safety department and babbage's boss.the movie isn't perfect despite the terrific performances of it's lead cast. it takes liberties by really trying to make the film more entertainment than educational but it's just a different angle not unlike the nicholas cage dud 8mm. the flock takes you into the underbelly of the sex trade, kidnapping, human trafficking and more and is just really something to watch. perhaps it wasn't directed or written as well as it could have been but i am telling you that danes and gere together make this movie completely watchable and a really great thriller. it's disturbing but also something that isn't very complex and yet gere's character in many ways is intensely complex with many layers and also opens social stigma and makes you contemplate about vigilantism in many ways when you see the people gere deals with. i encourage you all to ignore poor reviews and see it for yourself because it's worth checking out!! 8.5/10

i did not have too much interest in watching the flock.andrew lau co-directed the masterpiece trilogy of infernal affairs but he had been fired from the flock and he had been replaced by an emergency director called niels mueller.i had the feeling that lau had made a good film but it had not satisfied the study,so they fired him and hired another director.this usually does not work well (let's remember the invasion).but the flock resulted to be better than what i expected.it's not a great film but it's an interesting and entertaining thriller.the character development is very well done and i could know the characters very well.also,the relationship between the two main characters is natural and credible.richard gere and claire danes bring competent performances.now,let's go to the negative points.one element which really bothered me (there was a moment in which it irritated me) was the excess of edition tricks to give the movie more "attitude" and style.that tricks feel out of place and their presence is arbitrary.plus,i think the film should have been more ambitious.in spite of that,i recommend the flock as a good thriller.it's not memorable at all,but it's entertaining.

after chicago, i was beginning to lose all respect for richard gere and then along came the flock. there's just so far a nice smile and a couple of stock facial gestures can get you, but he proved to me that he's finally gotten hold of his craft and can act with the best of them. clare danes was also super as his "trainee/replacement". some have suggested there was too much unnecessary violence, but i don't see it that way. nothing i saw detracted from the power of this film. i was really shocked i hadn't heard of it being released in theaters and came across it at blockbuster instead. really an exceptional film with just the right blend of action, suspense, thrills, and social consciousness. as good as 7even? well, maybe. and you'll see better acting out of gere than anyone's ever gotten out of pitt.

it does not seem that this movie managed to please a lot of people. first off, not many seem to have seen it in the first place (i just bumped into it by accident), and then judging by the reviews and the rating, of those that did many did not enjoy it very much.well, i did. i usually tolerate gere for his looks and his charm, and even though i did not consider him a great actor, i know he can do crazy pretty well (i liked his mr jones). but this performance is all different. he is not pretty in this one, and he is not charming. his character is completely different from anything i had seen from him up to that point---old, ugly, broken, determined. and gere, in what to me is so far his best performance ever, pulls it off beautifully. i guess it is a sign of how well an actor does his job if you cannot imagine anyone else doing it instead---think hopkins as hannibal lecter, or washington as alonzo in training day. that is how good gere was here.the rest of the cast were fine by me, too. i guess i would not have cast danes in this role, mostly because i think she is too good-looking for it. but she actually does an excellent job, holding her own with a gere in top form, which is no small feat. strickland easily delivers the best supporting act, in a part that requires a considerable range from her. i actually think she owns the key scene with gere and danes, and that is quite an achievement.so what about the rest of the movie, apart from some excellent acting? the story is perhaps not hugely surprising, some 8mm-ish aspects to it, but adding the "veteran breaks in rookie" storyline to the who-dunnit, and also (like silence of the lambs) adding a sense of urgency through trying to save the girl and the impending retirement of gere's character. all that is a backdrop to the development of the two main characters, as they help each other settle into their respective new stations in life. that's a lot to accomplish in a 100 minutes, but it is done well, and we end up caring for the characters and what happens to them.direction and photography were adequate. i could have done without the modern music-video camera movements and cutting, but then i am an old curmudgeon, and it really wasn't all that bad, in fact i think it did help with the atmosphere of the movie, which as you might have guessed, by and large isn't a happy one.worth seeing.

i'm still new to the krimi genre and the only one i've seen prior to seeing this one was the earlier and somewhat disappointing 'the dead eyes of london', which didn't exactly inspire a great hope for the rest of the genre in me. if i'd seen this one first, however, the feeling would have been different as while the college girl murders is a bizarre and rather wacky attempt at a crime flick; it's great fun to watch and it's really hard to hate a film that throws so many weird and wonderful ideas into the script and manages to pull it off with style. the film begins in a lab where a crazy scientist has invented a new and highly toxic poison that kills its victim and makes it look like they died from a heart attack. this poison is used by a mysterious criminal mastermind who breaks common criminals out of jail to carry out his murders using this poison (and then has them put back in jail). as the title suggests, it's a nearby college full of girls that provides most of the victims. there's also a mysterious monk dressed in a red robe who marauds around breaking necks with a bullwhip.of course, with a plot like that; this is not exactly a serious affair and the director clearly knows that as there is a very tongue-in-cheek vibe to the film, which does bode well with the plot. the fact that there are so many different sides to the plot does unfortunately mean that everything does not run smoothly; although this isn't a big problem as things are kept ticking over nicely throughout the film and there's always enough going on to keep the audience interested. the atmosphere is superb and the colour scheme on display is great too look at. of course, the film is based on an edgar wallace novel and clearly the man has a great imagination; the locations used are also superb and while a killer's lair decked out with a host of wild and exotic animals might not serve any relevance to the plot, it does help to give the film that extra 'something'. you cant expect a conclusion that fully makes sense after all the stuff that goes on in this film; but the reason for the murders sort of makes sense and is a satisfying way for the film to climax. overall, college girl murders is an excellent little mystery flick and one that comes highly recommended!

prussic gas, a murderer donning a red clansman suit and hood wielding a white whip, and the murders of college school girls at the hands of paid convicts enlisted by a mysterious mastermind who keeps his face hidden within an office containing aquariums of turtles and fish. the inspectors at scotland yard, higgins(ijoachim fuchsberger)and his superior sir john(siegfried schürenberg)certainly have their hands full with this case. it all seems to center around student ann portland(uschi glas), who, when she turns 21, is to inherit a great deal of wealth. the girls who are targeted share a room with ann, but the reason for their murders remains a mystery sy's finest must figure out. the staff of the girls' dormitory all seem to be hiding something and certain members of the faculty are falling prey to the killer in the red monk robe disguise, talented enough to precisely strangle the necks of those attacked with the whip. two prisoners are commissioned by a mystery man to use the newly created toxic gas created by a scientist murdered at the beginning of the film during what was supposed to be a monetary exchange for his creation. it's a clever scheme where a driver, greaves(günter meisner)meets the convicts(..who hide in a barrel)who are assisted by a corrupt prison guard. taken blindfolded to the secret room of the mastermind, he gives them orders on who to kill and how. uncovering this operation is a top priority for higgins and sir john for it will lead them to the truth they seek in regards to the murders and why they are happening. under suspicion are girls' dormitory headmistress, her author brother, a sweaty, incredibly nervous chemistry teacher, a snooping gardener, and the bannister. some are red herrings until they are disposed of, throwing the viewer for a loop each time until the real mastermind is discovered. the ending features multiple twists. out of the krimi films i've seen, the college girl murders is the closest to a giallo with it's colorful killer, a convoluted plot yielding lots of surprises and potential suspects, & sordid shenanigans between adults and the college girls at the dormitory. i think you can also see the influence of james bond on this particular krimi film with the villain mastermind's secret hideout with an alligator pit(..which isn't used), the fake bible/water pistol, when opened, fires the gas into the face of startled victims, the greaves' royles royce which has latches that cause flaps to darken the windows without revealing the passenger in the back seat, and the peep holes used to spy on the girls in their rooms and while swimming. many might consider sir john a liability due to his bumbling, buffoonish behavior and how he often undermines higgins' abilities to get at the truth(..perhaps poking fun at know-it-all british inspectors who harm a case more than solve it)..i felt he was used as comedy relief, particularly with his attempts at psychoanalyzing suspects and potential victims, often misunderstanding what are told to him. higgins, using the skills adopted over his years as an investigator, instead follows the clues/facts, often avoiding sir john as much as possible. capable direction by the reliable alfred vohrer who keeps the pace humming at a nice speed, and the screenplay is full of interesting characters and lurid content..the fact that so many of the adults surrounding the dormitory are suspect, any of them might be the one wielding the whip or calling the shots behind those murdered girls' executions. i'd say this may be one of the best(..if not the best)examples of the krimi genre, for it keeps you guessing, always one more ace up it's sleeve..the revelations unearthed at the very end are quite eye-opening(..and, you even get a literal unmasking of the real mastermind pulling the strings to top it all off).

"the college girl murders" is my first acquaintance with the writing work of edgar wallace  and generally my first real acquaintance with "krimi" films in general  and i can say that i'm moderately impressed. this stuff is really entertaining, although i never would have expected it to be so  goofy! the film has an exhilarating and nicely convoluted plot, with a healthy dose of humor, flamboyant twists and pretty inventive killings. there's some james bond type of evil mastermind  who always sits in the shadow and in front of a large monitor - recruiting prisoners to kill certain girls at a specific college with a new type of poison. there's also a villainous monk with a whip, dressed like a communist kkk member, getting rid of the leftover characters, like overly curious teachers and such, as well as a kooky police commissioner who persists on solving the case with a psychological approach. seriously, if i had known sooner that these krimi films were so colorful and crazy, i would have purchased a whole collection of them already. the pretzel plot actually raises more questions than it answers in the end, and the overload of comical gimmicks on the account of scotland yard inspector higgins are sometimes a bit much to swallow, but i don't care because it was sublime entertainment. even the funky 60's soundtrack remained stuck in my head for a long time. it's like a variant on the italian giallo, but with slapstick elements.

this is an interesting little flick made in 1967, with cool jazzy twangy soundtrack music and a plot that will make you laugh...ok, it's not really stupid but it's cheesy fun. i saw many similarities between this and 'creature with the blue hand' (aka the bloody dead) and they do have the same director! scotland yard's finest is investigating the murders of young ladies at a college. seems that criminals are being let loose from a local prison to do the bidding of some evil person and then returned when their work is done. there's a nifty device hidden inside a bible that squirts prussic acid, and there's another device that is neither nifty nor clandestine, it looks like a large squirt gun and the victim must be pretty near soaked before they expire. joachim fuchsberger plays an inspector and he mostly chews gum and looks off into the distance. there's a "monk", and how anyone identifies this thing as a "monk" is beyond me, it carries a whip and dresses in a red outfit with a red hood, more of a klan member of a different color than a monk. there's all kinds of nifty devices like a fireplace hearth that goes up and down to admit the monk, and it steps right over the fire without setting his robe alight, a nifty trick right there. this is an odd combo of crime drama with goofy overtones, and while it's rather silly at times it is fun to watch. 7 out of 10, not bad....

there's a lot going on in the college girl murders. a mad scientist creates an almost undetectable poisonous gas. before he can reap the rewards of his discovery, the scientist is killed by a hooded, whip-welding monk. after a co-ed is killed in a church by the gas, scotland yard is called in to investigate, but the killing continues. who can stop this mad killer who seems to be able to come and go as he pleases in and out of the college? what works: - the killer. what's not to like about a killer who sneaks around wearing a vivid red kkk looking outfit, complete with red gloves. the white whip he carries and uses very effectively stands out nicely against the bright red gown. although the idea of a killer in a flaming red, pointy-head outfit sneaking around a girl's school is fairly far-fetched, it's one of the more sinister looking costumes i've seen.- groovy 60s music. i really would like to track down the title music to the college girl murders. it's got a jazzy, hip, 60s feel to it that i just loved.- bizarre touches. beyond the killer's red gown and hood, the movie features a sliding fireplace, a pit of alligators with a cage handing overhead, poison spraying bibles, a strategically placed mannequin, mini-skirts, go-go boots, and mile high hair. i would describe it as a cross between the 60s batman tv show and an italian giallo. the college girl murders is a real treat for the eye.- the end. let's just say that there are more twists than a mountain road. just when you think the killer has been uncovered, here comes a twist..and another.and anotherand another.what doesn't work: - chief inspector sir john. i know the guy was meant to be comic relief, but his buffoonish character has way too much screen time.- why have alligators? previously, i mentioned the alligators in the pit. and while they are a nice touch, they serve very little purpose. why go through all the trouble and not use them? - plodding plot. some of the college girl murders has no flow or rhythm to it. there are far too many moments throughout the movie when things come inexplicably to a screeching halt. better pacing would have made this a much more enjoyable movie.i haven't seen many of these german krimis but of the few i have seen (phantom of soho, strangler of blackmoor castle, dead eyes of london) this may be my favorite. this one has a real funky feel to it that i really go into. had the plot flowed a little better, i could have easily given the college girl murders a 7/10.

this is probably the fastest-paced and most action-packed of the german edgar wallace "krimi" series, a cross between the dr. mabuse films of yore and 60's pop thrillers like batman and the man from uncle. it reintroduces the outrageous villain from an earlier film who dons a stylish monk's habit and breaks the necks of victims with the curl of a deadly whip. set at a posh girls' school filled with lecherous middle-aged professors, and with the cops fondling their hot-to-trot secretaries at every opportunity, it certainly is a throwback to those wonderfully politically-incorrect times. there's a definite link to a later wallace-based film, the excellent giallo "whatever happened to solange?", which also concerns female students being corrupted by (and corrupting?) their elders. quite appropriate to the monk theme, the master-mind villain uses booby-trapped bibles here to deal some of the death blows, and also maintains a reptile-replete dungeon to amuse his captive audiences. alfred vohrer was always the most playful and visually flamboyant of the series directors, and here the lurid colour cinematography is the real star of the show. the monk appears in a raving scarlet cowl and robe, tastefully setting off the lustrous white whip, while appearing against purplish-night backgrounds. there's also a voyeur-friendly turquoise swimming pool which looks great both as a glowing milieu for the nubile students and as a shadowy backdrop for one of the murder scenes. the trademark "kicker" of hiding the "ende" card somewhere in the set of the last scene is also quite memorable here. and there's a fine brassy and twangy score for retro-music fans.fans of the series will definitely miss the flippant eddie arent character in these later films. instead, the chief inspector sir john takes on the role of buffoon, convinced that he has mastered criminal psychology after taking a few night courses. unfortunately, klaus kinski had also gone on to bigger and better things. the krimis had lost some of their offbeat subversive charm by this point, and now worked on a much more blatant pop-culture level, which will make this one quite accessible to uninitiated viewers.

i actually quite enjoyed this show. even as a youngster i was interested in all sports and that included horse racing. it was always going to be difficult to make a series based on racing corruption and at the same time get permission from the race tracks to record filming about this controversial subject. one episode i particularly remember centred around a horse expected to win a big race that looked a bit off colour. a syringe was found on the stable floor and everyone thought it had been drugged but nothing showed up in the blood tests. all too late they realised the horse hadnt been doped but had had its knee cartilage removed. like running a car with no oil and the engine seizing up, the horse broke down with tragic consequences.

maybe it wasn't that good as a whole, but the second episode, which was the first one i say, was so memorable i still remember it today. i became a fan of dick francis. i would recommend it if you are interested in horse racing and mysteries.the cockney slang of the sidekick, chico barnes, is a lot more amusing to those of us who have never been close to hearing london's bow bells, but the leads are attractive and the shows were interesting.sid halley was one of francis' more interesting characters, and the show actually minimizes some of the difficulties with his hand. interestingly, electronic hands of the sort used in the stories are apparently less functional for the user than the sort invented after world war ii.

i had no problem with the film, which i thought was pretty good. it's the actual lapd crime scene video that disturbed me. i wonder if lion's gate really thought that the general viewing audience would want to see people that were brutally beaten to death and blood all over the place. sorry lion's gate, this was an incredibly bad idea!!!getting back to the film: the cast was excellent, especially val kilmer as the late john holmes. john holmes was a sleaze ,mistreats the women in his life (lisa kudrow as his wife, kate bosworth as his girlfriend),and he is hopelessly deep into drugs. his connection to eddie nash (eric bogosian)creates a spiral that resulted in the infamous wonderland murders. exactly how much was holmes involved in the murders? we may never know the entire truth to the story(nash is still alive and a free man),but the film does a pretty good job nonetheless.

no, this is not no alice fairy tale my friends! this `wonderland' fable is based on the true story of the gruesome bloody wonderland murders that occurred back in 80's california. at the center of this bloodbath was no other than `johnny wad' himself. yes, john holmes! daddy ding-dong used other shotguns than his infamous 13-inch milk machine. besides being a legendary adult film actor, holmes was as also a hardcore drug addict who befriended various hollywood junkies. val kilmer was occasionally majestic as holmes, but for once this holmes character did not milk it through completely. the film possesses a `who's who' of supporting players: josh lucas & dylan mcdermott as hollywood riffraffs , kate bosworth & lisa kudrow as the women in holmes life, and eric bogosian as a menacing tinsletown entrepreneur. these characters do play integral parts, directly or indirectly, in the `wonderland' murders. out of this support group, it was josh lucas who was the most fierce & impressive as the ardent ron launius. lucas is gradually escalating into a major hollywood player with such charismatic turns in `a beautiful mind' & `sweet home alabama'. director james cox sometime proved to be a bit of a coxsucker by displaying a vast amount of overextended scenes, just like holmes' famous organ. holmes was eventually acquitted of the `wonderland' murders. he died of complications from the aids virus. `wonderland' will keep you wondering what really happened that bloody night, and if holmes really laid out his weapon. oops! wrong holmes movie! ok! that is enough before i get `penislized' i mean penalized. bye holmies! *** average

just saying you've got a movie about john holmes is a guarantee to get some folks in front of the screen, but writer/director james cox delivers oh so much more. a "rashamon" of the sleazy hollywood set, the film splitters the july 1981 wonderland murders through a variety of angles (and film stocks), but mostly through the filter of john holmes' coked out weasel brain. in a film full of bad guys holmes is either the most vile, the most pathetic or both. several versions of the story emerge and merge as cox flashes jump cuts and twisting title cards amid effects and emoting. the dialogue is fast and naturalistic and never once rings false. while the film takes places two years after holmes had fallen out of porn and into a truly wicked drug fueled depravity, kilmer relentlessly exudes a sexuality so intense it can be measured in inches. this sexuality at its edges creates a sense of foreboding that hangs over the entire film almost as heavily as the violence at its center. those murders are teased at through the whole film though are never clearly shown, not even at the climax,though the violence of them relentlessly infuses the whole picture and much blood is splattered across walls and crime scene photos. once again val kilmer as holmes shows he can act wacko better than anyone else working. strutting, cringing, bragging or begging, kilmer is constantly in character and the character is constantly a fascinating car wreck. stand out performances beside kilmer definitely include ted levine as the lead cop in the investigation and lisa kudrow as holmes estranged wife. the trio of criminals holmes falls in with include the frighteningly high energy josh lucas, the ever interesting timothy blake nelson and an absolutely unrecognizable dylan mcdermott in a pivotal role as the teller yet another version of the murders. cox suggests that no matter how much we learn about wonderland, there is always a worse version possible, but looking through the debauchery surrounding it is much more fascinating than understanding the truth.

wonderland is the fascinating film chronicling the x-rated film star john c. holmes involvement in the brutal wonderland murders.the movie's promotion misleads one into thinking this a romanticized portrayal of the porn industry in the vein of boogie nights and that is not the case here.in fact,except for a few references made by newscasters that john holmes is a porn star and a brief montage of real-life footage of john holmes this film is strictly drama about a fallen celebrity's involvement with murder and how it happened.despite being mislead the film is actually engaging.the acting from all the cast is excellent and i'd like to say that val kilmer is amazing in his ability to get down all the mannerisms of john holmes.i was completely convinced that i was watching what john c. holmes probably looked and acted like in real life.if you are a john c. holmes fan or like stories about hollywood then i think you will enjoy watching wonderland.

kudos to director and cast for such a realistic film. the grittiness, lack of glamor and desperation drew me into the film and kept me there. i was truly impressed by how dates and information were relayed within the film; ie newspapers, letters, etc. it kept the film moving at such a fast pace i didn't feel the urge to fast forward once. personally, i thought all the principles did a tremendous job...it was great to see bosworth and kudrow in such difficult roles. it made me want to cry at times. val kilmer didn't surprise me...his performances of this nature usually leave me in awe. overall, this is a brilliant film not to be missed!

*wonderland spoilers* july 1st, 1981: five people, ron launius (josh lucas), susan launius (christina applegate), billy deverell (tim blake nelson), barbara richardson (natasha gregson wagner) and joy miller (janeane garofalo) are attacked while they're asleep and brutally hit on the head with steel pipes in their home at 8763 wonderland avenue, laurel canyon, la. only susan survives.main suspect: john holmes (val kilmer), former king of porn, owner of a 30 cm long dick, and now a hopeless addict.two investigators, luis (frankie g.) and sam nico (ted levine), are investigating on the case and try to crack it with the help of a witness that claims to know that john at the very least took part in the murders, david lind (dylan mcdermott), barbara's boyfriend, and trying to get a witness report out of dawn schiller (kate bosworth), holmes' 19-year-old girlfriend and from susan, who sadly doesn't remember anything more than shadows about the night her husband's head was bashed in and hers almost suffered the same fate, and the name of eddie nash (eric bogosian), a major drug kingpin (who is always around ladies such as barbie (paris hilton)), comes into light as a suspect planner of the wonderland massacre.but what did happen that night? and could sharon (lisa kudrow), john's wife, know something about it? 'wonderland' is a taught, intense thriller, a desperate love story and a story of a man's sad decline all in one; there is a clever use of the 'rashomon' technique (we see the events of that fateful day and night from the eyes of david, john, dawn, susan (albeit very briefly) and sharon), a nice direction and a great script, but is mostly compelling for the performances, especially kilmer's, who takes central stage with his hopeless, tormented, sometimes childish holmes, lucas', whose launius is strangely alluring, kudrow's strong sharon and bosworth's innocent dawn.wonderland: 9/10.

unfortunately, in cases such as these, there are so many conflicting stories as everyone tries to cast blame on to others that it is a near impossibility to get a clear picture of what really happened. this movie is a victim of such circumstances. the writers (too many of them) have decided to take all of the stories and give them to the audience to let them decide which version of the truth they like the best. as in the real life case, there is no clear answer, no conclusion, and the audience is left with a general felling of being unfulfilled (like coffee without the caffeine, or sex without the climax). whodunnits with no whodunnit are generally frustrating and makes you wonder why someone didn't do research before they put it out there. at least tout your movie as a fiction if that is what it amounts to (and this does).that is not to say there are not some great performances here. kilmer (as holmes) does an outstanding role bringing some humanity to what is otherwise an unsavory character. kilmer, and the real life lovers and friends who consulted on the film, let the audience see a selfish, troubled human being who, though his faults were many and large, was loved and cared for by many people (except himself). kudrow as holmes's wife, only gives a glimmer of the dramatic actress she can be, but it is very noticeable and unforgettable glimmer. bosworth's character was not as emotionally complex as she could have been and needed to show more inner conflict to give credence to what ultimately happened between dawn and holmes (she turned him in 6 months after they fled to florida). bosworth's apple-cheeked performance is at time annoying, at times touching, but shows none of the backbone the real schiller must have possessed. the other characters fade in to the woodwork which is a pity. lucas is a great performer who could have sunk his teeth in to this role had it been fleshed out for him. even dylan mcdermott was surprisingly capable in his role of drug dealing biker. the fault of this movie does not lie with this cast, but with the writing. too many cooks spoil the soup, and this kettle, filled with so much promise, ultimately leaves you hungry. the story and characters may have been less than sympathetic, but in what movie of this ilk are they not so? other movies such as 1989's drugstore cowboy starring matt dillon (who was reportedly asked to take this role and refused) worked with similar subject matter and mastered it to such a degree that you felt a kinship with the main character by the end of the movie despite what he had done. van sandt could have given james cox and his crew a few lessons. had someone bothered to try and find the truth, this would have been an intriguing story. as it is, you will find the accompanying wadd documentary more palatable (in the 2 disc dvd)and much more informative. you will realize from the dvd that holmes was not a bad guy, but not a very good one either..as are most people.

opening credits: great. music: just right for this film. cinematography: sleazy to great effect.harrowing excitement in a train-wreck sort of way. this is how out of control some lives can become. "wonderland" depicts drug-induced wildness (and its consequences) not as an aberration, but shows how it really does happen in our society. it is better than depictions of another wild group -manson's- because all manson films, books etc concentrate so much on manson's insane mind rather than the overall picture of the cheap fame and randomness that is so pervasive nowadays.if you want to see some of the best "method-acting" on film, watch kilmer in this movie. he shows how "the method" can be riveting in the right role.the filmmakers here succeed in raising "out-of-control" to the level of an art form, not just for the sake of giving us cheap thrills.

first, this is a review of the two disc set that came together with the "wonderland" dvd rental.the two movies included with the rental, "wonderland" and the johnny wadd documentary, totally obliterate the myth created by "boogie nights". that myth being that the characters involved in the adult movie trade were considerably more than slimy lowlifes that would do anything for money, basically denying that they were anything other than detestable self-centered whores. this is amazingly similar to what the book "wiseguy" and the movie "goodfellas" did to "the godfather" fable and most of the rest of the gangster romanticism lore.now, what irritated me most while watching these movies, and will probably irk anyone who saw and liked "boogie nights", is how foolish and gullible supposedly educated and sophisticated people can be. "dirk diggler" in "boogie nights" is without a doubt john holmes, who unlike "dirk diggler", had no redeeming quality. holmes was a criminal sociopath who abused anyone close to him, was totally consumed by his quest for self-gratification, and was without a doubt a key participant in the brutal murders on wonderland avenue in los angeles in 1981. the movie lays bare the big lie that "boogie nights" was, and reinforces the linda lovelace description of the cruel and pathetic business that is known as the adult film entertainment industry. this should be required viewing, both features on the "wonderland" dvd, for anyone who had any positive opinions on the story in the movie "boogie nights".

just watched this movie on dvd and thought the acting was very good, but the over all story left a lot to be desired. this movie has the same texture and look of panic in needle park or drugstore cowboy. hard to believe that human beings can live this type of lifestyle; on the underbelly of society, in which their total existence is based on hardcore drug use, crime, violence, sex, and a total lack of self-respect for anyone or anything, including themselves.val kilmore is outstanding in his role of "burnt-out" former porn star john holmes. the supporting cast is just as good. however, this is a bleak, dark, disturbing, and depressing film. the murder was brutal, but the daily lives of these people were brutal as well. unless you have an interest in these murders or were a "fan" of john holmes, this really isn't a film to see. if you want to see a docu-drama on murder, truman capote's 1960s in cold blood starring scott wilson and robert blake is much better.

i was very interested to see this movie when it first came out in the theaters, however, i wasn't able to get around to it. so, finally, it hit the shelves, and i picked it up. not knowing exactly what to expect, i plopped the dvd in the player, settled in the for an evening of murder, and pressed play. what followed was one of the more engaging flicks i've seen in the last couple years.*some spoilers*this is the story of the wonderland murders, which led to the seediest parts of la and straight to the biggest porn start of the 70's, john holmes (val kilmer).i was hooked from the beginning, and the feel of the movie held me all the way until the very bloody end. i was surprised to find that the movie focused less on the actual murders and more on the events before and the investigation after. aside from a few blood splattered walls in the beginning, and the actual showing of the murders towards the end, the movie was more or less an engaging show of great dialoge and great acting. val kilmer all but sells me as a junkie porn star, and even the "beautiful but that's it" bosworth was a joy to watch (and just for her looks, mind you)i personally felt the best aspect of the movie was, as i mentioned, its lack of outright showing the murders. it was shown in a very dark atmosphere, so you couldn't completely see the brutal bludgeoning bestowed apon the sleeping foursome. furthermore, the sound effects of said murders were more than enough to whet my appetite. they were being beating with lead pipes, there's not much more that needs to be said.my only real problem was carrie fisher's brief appearence. her portrayal of the overly-religious figure was, i think, a bit too cliche of her appearence. maybe that person was actually part of the story, maybe not, but i wasn't sold, and for some reason, fisher seemed a bit too "akward" in her portrayal.overall, an excellent movie worth the watch, even if once!***8/10***

this is the second movie based on the life and times of ultra hung porn star, john curtis estes, better known as john holmes. boogie nights is also roughly based on his life. maybe someday someone is going to do a movie on the life of tommy byron instead.the problem is, that the story is not very well told. there are many law & order episodes that have more twists and turns than wonderland, and the director never gets the criminal case going with any kind of gusto. val kilmer has two problems - he is not nearly as hung as holmes is (and no prosthesis this time around, unlike in boogie nights), and he is much better looking than mope holmes. the director does not introduce one single likable individual among the cast. the racist, immature lowlifes he hangs out with, or his wife, and the police don't get much in the way of characterization. the best part of the movie is eric bogosian telling paris hilton to "get lost". having said all that, anyone interested in the sleaziest side of the porn business in the 1980s or true crime shouldn't miss it.

the true story of a bunch of junkies robbing a not so honest businessman of drugs, jewelry, guns, and money. some would say this is the tragic tale of america in the excessive eighties where the high of the peace and free love sixties had crashed into drugs and aids. honestly, this is just regular people with no aim in life who sit around getting high and decide to rob a ruthless man. what is the second part of their master plan? once they have his stuff...they'll sit around and get high again. great plan. even if you don't know the story, there is no suspense in this movie and no surprises. the fact that cox tries to make some kind of folk heroes out of these characters, with party scenes and a montage of their loot, is weak and insulting. the story was better off with a more straight forward approach. as it is, this is just a sad story of small time drug dealers getting killed by big time drug dealers. the bigger story, in more ways than one, is john holmes. he is the center of this story anyway. this movie should have been all about him, his life. he was the one in wonderland, with the wonders about to fade away.p.s. although it isn't official, boogie nights is a better version of holmes life. it isn't entirely factual, but it's far more enjoyable.

val kilmer and dylan mcdermott are terrific. i have seen kilmer on the doors, however his interpretation of john holmes is superb. nothing compared to boogie nights which was kind of slow. wonderland is a movie which is able to show you a horrible crime story from the perspective from a guy who is just indulged in his drug vice and indolent of what ever happens around. at the same time, the john holmes character shows a very clever hustler who is able to pass through the nastiest and ugliest situations almost unharmed. the movie deserves being watched more than once. the seventies ambiance sensual and full of drugs is amazing.

some films manage to survive almost on originality alone - "wonderland" is certainly one of those films. the script manages to throw everything into a near-fever pitch, but without making it incoherent. the speed of this thriller is not to chosen to cover up a weak script, but rather to accurately reflect the drug-addled reality.as director, james cox as a very peculiar way of working his actors. most of the characters are perpetually on edge, and often because they're rather quite ugly personalities. val kilmer has described john holmes to be a hustler, able to manipulate and control. no offense to kilmer, but his version of holmes seems only able to control the drastically weak-minded. nonetheless, it's a stunning performance. comparing this to kilmer's more 'hollywood' roles like in "the saint" it seems to prove he is far more at home in gritty indie flicks.the actors are the main force holding all together. there are various little performances that stand out - especially the women. carrie fisher, kate bosworth, and lisa kudrow all have limited screen time next to their male counterparts, but they are all fantastic. aside from kilmer, ted levine and dylan mcdermott give a weird, stunning energy to their roles.i originally put off watching "wonderland" because i assumed it was a film about a porn actor, in the strictest sense. yes, the story revolves around john holmes, but it has literally nothing to do with his professional career. basically, this film is a murder mystery, and as such - it's excellent.rating: 7.5 out of 10

what do you do with a 14-inch cocked porn star who was involved in drugs and murder, and then died of aids? you make a movie, of course. the probable reason why it wasn't made earlier is the fact that eddie nash would have been in the way of its production. so it's no coincidence that the film was made just a little while after nash was sent to prison.the best thing about the movie is its quick pace. there is no time wasted on unnecessary crap. and why would it be? there is too much good material here to require dull filler scenes.the cast is good. kilmer has been mediocre in a string of movies, so here was finally a role quite suitable for him. bosworth is cute so it's irrelevant how she acts (she's solid), and mcdermott, who is otherwise quite annoying, is rather good, to a large extent because he is wearing so much facial hair that i didn't recognize him at first. (i wish they did that to cruise in every movie so i wouldn't have to watch his dumb face.) i utterly failed to recognize christina applegate, and wouldn't have known she was in it, had i not seen her name in the end-credits. kudrow is charming as ever, a bit unusual to see her in a dramatic role. (btw, "friends" is the worst tv sitcom of all time.) the only casting choices that were questionable were an early near-cameo by carrie fischer and the totally absurd inclusion of the 90s moron janeane garofalo. you thought i'd include paris hilton, too, didn't you? no, i think hilton is the ideal choice in her 10-second appearance as a dumb whore. because the film is about decadence, among other things  and about a porn actor  she fits in perfectly.

may 2004, wonderland is fairly new in the uk. brilliant film of a brutal true story. if you know la from the early 80's, you will appreciate how well it is captured. the use of the elements which make up its gritty cinematic style is original, amplifying the experience and bringing the viewer very close to actually being there. the use of a disjointed 'pulp fiction' style time line allows exploration of the uncertainty concerning what really happened, while the direction and performances of the cast command attention, especially val kilmer as john holmes; an oscar for sure if i were handing them out.

val kilmer... love or loath him, sometimes he gets under the skin of a character and pulls out a performance that makes you go 'hey! this guy is a great actor!' he did in the leather pants of jim in the doors and he's done it again in the leather underpants of john.revolving around the fall and fall of uber porn king john holmes, kilmer strutts to his knees as we unravel one of the biggest murder mysteries hollywood has never solved for over twenty years, with holmes the key suspect to a brutal manson-style slaughter.what kilmer does so effortlessly is exhude the low-life of the celebrity, the do anything to anyone craving that overwhelms anyone who had it and then lost it. go see him, you'll know what i mean.

one of the most disturbing and tragic periods in american history began. the members of the summer of love culture, at the end of the seventies and onset of the 80's, were eventually tool old for love beads and all night parties and evolved back into mainstream life, whatever that meant. for those who could not out grow their youthful and sometimes irrational exuberance, their's was the culture of wonderland. a love for drugs and a sense of entitlement coupled with a distaste for authority, values and "the establishment" is the world that the film captures. the sixties were a time of revolution and violent change that tore the american "house" apart. once the battles were over, we all had to deal with the aftermath of the carnage. the characters in the wonderland house are icons of the misfits of the seventies; part biker, part hippie, part crook, all outcast. no ideology to express, just a sense of dissatisfaction with everything and allegiance to nothing. ron, billy and david fancy themselves as some sort of robin hoods with dope. they talk of love and behave violently; they take from the rich and sell to the misbegotten; they steal from everyone.holmes and company are the end result of a strange collision of anti-matter like sex, and drugs and rock & roll, when the lab technicians get bored and move on. the film is skillfully directed and paced and captures the frenetic world of the drug fiends in their element. the fact that holmes is a porn star is almost irrelevant. that story was told in "boogie nights". this is a story of a transitional and forgettable era.

i've read many negative reviews of this movie and finally got a chance to see it on dvd. to be honest i really don't know what the problem with it is.it's a decent murder mystery thriller, shown from various points of view, from an eccentric cast of often drugged out potential killers/suspects, including the late porn king, john holmes. please read the plot synopsis for the exact details of the movie's plot - i wish to contribute more to a review than a synopsis.many reviewers went so far to give this movie their lowest rating due to violence but i really don't see it. many modern movies were worse - saving private ryan was ultimately more violent than this movie, which often relies on implied blood stains than actual brutal slayings (the murders depicted in this film were done with lead pipes, afterall).i was enthralled with both halves of the movie - the first showing john holmes as a hopeless cash hungry drug addict, and the second half showing his side as a minor conspirator in a senseless bloodbath. the movie has excellent acting, even though dylan mcdemorant looks more than a bit out of place in his biker-esque personia and goatee'ed bad boy personality.the soundtrack was also awesome - a fantastic mix of 70's b-side rock and obscure pop, spread out over a couple of hours in all the right places ala boogie nights.

john holmes is so famous, he's infamous (as the three amigos would say). this is a rashomon-like story about the events surrounding the wonderland murders of the early 1980's, in los angeles. the story is pieced together from the retelling of a few of the participants. there is story from the friend's perspective, namely david lind (played by dylan mcdermott). he is a participant in the robbery assault at eddie nash's place (eddie nash is a infamous drug dealer - and is the suppose to be the same character alfred molina played in boogie nights) and is heavily into the drug scene. there is john holmes' perspective (played by val kilmer), which makes him out to be a pawn stuck between two kings (with a severe case of cocaine cravings). there is also the patchwork recollections of john's wife (sharon - played by lisa kudrow) and his girlfriend (dawn - played by kate bosworth) that fill in the spaces between the two stories. it is basically the same time frame that we are looking at, just each character's version. the only thing that is missing is the perspective from the dead people. paul thomas anderson's boogie nights portrays john holmes as a slightly heroic character, with a tragic yet comedic karma. he is a caricature of a real person. he was more of less, a mixed up kid that got what he got through his "large" endowment. director james cox turns the comedy off and makes this episode in john's life into a nightmare for all of us watching. the details of the real life murders make this movie even more eerie.val kilmer took what he learned of jim morrison, from the doors, enhanced the performance for the salton sea, and then further enhanced that to bring us the deterioration of john holmes through cocaine. all of the actors pull off very realistic looking portrayal's of cocaine junkies. josh lucas' performance stands out as one of the best in the movie. he plays ron launius (i think this character is suppose to be the same as the thomas jane character from boogie nights). ron was the leader of the gang, loved having john holmes around as a novelty and had a cocaine craving like sharks enjoy blood. the cocaine use seems so realistic as to make one think. did they really use splenda ?? where boogie nights has a bubblegum pop feel to it (lots of color and 70's nostalgia), wonderland is dark. the action is fast and furious, with a lot of jumps. it is twitchy and grainy. there is no comedy, just a never ending pace, as if the director is trying to put us into the nervous, fast paced, edgy cocaine high to make us feel what the characters are feeling. this is a graphic movie. it has one of the most intensely violent scenes i have ever seen in a movie. it actually shows the murders themselves (through the eyes of john holmes at first and then from a third person perspective). it is so graphic, it looks like police evidence of a crime. i had to pause after this scene and remind myself this was just a movie. this movie is definitely not recommended for everyone. i recommend it as a good alternative to boogie nights, for those interested in the other sides of john holmes.-celluloid rehab

i didn't expect val kilmer to make a convincing john holmes, but i found myself forgetting that it wasn't the porn legend himself. in fact, the entire cast turned in amazing performances in this vastly under-rated movie.as some have mentioned earlier, seek out the two-disc set and watch the "wadd" documentary first; it will give you a lot of background on the story which will be helpful in appreciating the movie. some people seem unhappy about the lapd crime scene video being included on the dvd. there are a number of reasons that it might have been included, one of which is that john holmes' trial for the murders was the first ever in the united states where such footage was used by the prosecution. if you don't want to see it, it's easy to avoid; it's clearly identified as "lapd crime scene footage" on the menu!

i was so excited to see this film because i had always heard it was very scary.what's interesting about it is that it is a japanese film they decided to bring to america, but they actually filmed it in japan with the original crew! i think this made the film... more japanese (which is probably why it managed to be fairly successful unlike most japan-to-america horror movie flops) but it also made it a bit inaccessible to american audiences. the difference in what scares the japanese culture and what scares the american culture felt present throughout the film. this worked well in moments when they meant to capture the nervous fear of the main character: a frightened fish in a big, busy, unfamiliar, tokyo pond.the storyline was quite confusing as well. in typical japanese fashion it is extremely complicated and confusing. the beginning of the movie is actually the middle of the story and from there we move constantly forwards and backwards until, at the end of the film, we see the ending and beginning of the whole story. this constant flipping through time was very much confusing for me. also, i didn't think some things were explained so well and i had to ask my friend to explain them to me (she had already seen it, as well as the sequel which apparently reveals more of the story).overall, there is plenty for american audiences to love, tons of freaky imagery and macabre details which a healthy splash of jump scenes.

karen goes into a japanese house as a substitute nurse to emma, a strange woman who sleeps at day and wakes at night. karen goes upstairs after hearing noises when she encounters a frightening ghost. she will learn the house's secrets.it is very scary! the scenes are shocking and frightening! the characters are good. the settings are creepy. i love the whole plot! the ending was shocking! i paused at a scene where the little boy meowed so loudly to the man finding his sister upstairs and i was shocked. this is the scariest movie i have watched. i did not see the japanese version. i recommend this to horror fans. 10/10 and 5 stars!

haven't seen any of the japanese grudge-films, but i really enjoy this one. i rarely get scared when watching films. i can jump, if the effect and sound is startling enough, but getting scared from a movie is a rare thing for me. but i did get scared from grudge. maybe because i didn't expect anything at all when i watched it. i didn't expect getting scared. i didn't know anything about it either. that was probably a good thing.this is a film that you, apparently, either love or hate. most people seem to compare it to the japanese grudge-films, but even though i haven't seen them, i believe it isn't right to compare any film, actually. this film stands on it its own.the story is weak, most people say. i don't agree. the story is minimalistic, and done so on purpose. the story-telling techniques used - the broken time frame for instance - is perfectly done. the director knows exactly what he's doing, and i believe he got his vision through as he wanted it.i gave this film 8 of 10. it is a film you will enjoy watching, or hate. it's as simple as that.

omigosh, this is seriously the scariest movie i have ever, ever seen. to say that i love horror movies would be an understatement, and i have seen heaps (considering the limited availability in new zealand, that's quite a lot), but never before have i had to sleep with the light on...until i saw the grudge.some may say that it is a rip off of the ring (both based on japanese horror movies), both similar (yet different) story lines, but the grudge holds its own as a terrifying movie - seeing at at the cinema, i even screamed at a certain point in the movie.the acting is great, particularly from the supporting characters - kadee strickland is fantastic and steals the show, she is such an enthusiastic person. jason behr is a real hottie, and william mapother looks like he is having fun. however, while i am normally a fan of clea duvall's, she doesn't really seem into this movie. of the supporting characters, hers probably got the most depth and back story, but she doesn't seem like she is all there. as for sarah michelle gellar, well, she stays about the same through all her films and roles doesn't she? the ghosts were genuinely scary, the music and sound effects were chilling (particularly the noise being made when kadee strickland's character answered the phone in her apartment), the ending was cool too.super highly recommended. 9/10

i wanted to see sarah buffy on the big screen, so i first bought tickets and then checked the reviews at imdb. i worried about seeing a bad movie. well, i had fun watching the movie. some parts, which obviously were meant to be scary, were actually quite humoristic, almost as in buffy the vampire slayer.i don't consider this a bad movie. it's not a great movie either. just a rather well made horror movie. it does not rely heavily on special effects, but on camera angles, acting, music. in my opinion, the acting was ok. sarah did a very good job, quite convincing. the other actors were definitely not bad either, i liked yoko.the sets are nice (and i don't care that the sets are the exact same ones that were used in the japanese original).the scary moments were often predictable. but not always. i have seen quite some horror, and did not expect to be scared now, but it happened at least twice. nice.the movie had some nice scenes that were almost original, like the trails of rubbish, the simple special effects for he ghosts, the eyes of the boy, the cat that made eery noises, the gurgling of the dead boy and his mother.don't go if you want to see sarah in another buffy episode, because it is very different from her buffy work, much more serious. don't go if you only want to see movies that gather oscar nominations. it's a good horror movie, enough suspense. i gave it a 7.

as i've noticed with a lot of imdb comments, certain reviewers seem to demand that every film they see have smugly intelligent plots that wallow in there own cleverness. i am not one of those people. if i watch an action film, i want to see explosions, gunfire and heroics. if i watch a comedy, i want to have tears of laughter in my eyes. you get the idea. therefore watching a horror film, i primarily want to be scared. the grudge is a very scary film, in both it's well executed 'jump' scenes, and it's creepy imagery. i've been a horror film fan for many years, and i'm talking about the masters such as dario argento, rather than directors of some of the treadmill teen horror flicks that are churned out these days. if you want to be scared, watch this film. way scarier than the original japanese 'ring' (which i also think is a great film).

i saw "the grudge" yesterday, and wow... i was really scared, a good thing. i love horror-movies, and i really liked this one. there were so many 'surprise'-scenes (what's the english word?) that made you jump in your seat. though, too much screaming from the audience made it difficult not to laugh. i think the most scary scene was... on the bus, when the face flashes by on the window, or when yoko's walking without her chin. the make-up is also very good. sometimes you could really see it was there, but it was still adding a freaky look to the scene. the boy was very good indeed, so cute without make-up and so terribly scary with it on. the next time i hear a cracking noise i will probably feel pretty scared...

i'm not sure i understand where all these enthusiastically anti-grudge people are talking about here, perhaps it's just that some people like to rant about things.the movie was certainly imperfect (uneven acting, some may have had difficulties with the time-changes, actors all too willing to go places i'd really rather not go, etc.) but imho there were some things that more than made up for the imperfections.first and foremost, i loved the 'breaking of the rules' bit. normally when you leave the haunted house the baddies leave you alone, giving you time to regroup, get friends, and find the token mysterious paranormal type. normally (semi-spoiler alert) when you're hiding under the covers they can only get you through that little opening you peek through. normally at the end the ghosts somehow have become less creepy because you've found out they're just misunderstood, or they've been freed, or whatever.secondly, the production was exceptional. while the movie was hardly special-effects-laden the supernatural bits while brief were extremely well done.probably not the best sort of movie for those who think freddy and jason are the ultimate sort of horror (nothing against 'em, they've got their place), but great for those who've begun to take the conventions for granted and who don't have trouble with the time distortions.

this was great. when i saw the japanese version first, it was probably the scariest movie i had ever seen. it was not blood and guts, it was eerie, atmospheric and terrifying. when the mother ghost lent over the bed in the japanese version, i nearly had a heart attack... i was concerned that the american version would be watered down, and that buffy would take away from the dark creepy nuances of the original version. i needn't have been concerned. the makers of this movie wisely kept the same japanese people who were involved with the original movie on hand, and gave the direction of the movie to the same man. they also set it in japan in the same location, in the same house. in fact, the japanese director took pains to remake the same movie as it was in the original, the only difference was the casting of american actors. that actually turned into a benefit as it added the element of "strangers in a strange land" to the overall horror. not only were they being haunted by an absolutely terrifying and relentless ghost, but they were also stuck in a completely foreign land, having difficulty integrating into society. it just added to the overall anxiety built into the movie and i thought it was an excellent touch.buffy actually does a very good job. she looks vulnerable and is able to convey her fear well. there are none of the smart aleck remarks that are so common to american horror movies, or one liners that detract from the overall darkness and horror of the characters' situation. in fact, it was easily as good as the ring which i also thoroughly enjoyed. i hope the future of american horror follows more closely the japanese new wave of horror started with the incredible success of ringu. we are finally getting movies that actually can be categorized as "horror"!! 8/10

so, being a fairly deep fan of horror movies, it's been a while since i've seen one that really made me jump (or fidget nervously.)definitely going to get this on dvd when it comes out... a hell of a lot better than the ring. the thing that i don't get is that so many people that we talkd with after the movie thought that it was horrible, well, if that's what you think, then so be it... i know what i liked and it takes a fair amount to get me to actually feel scared, so i have to say that this one is worth watching.now, you might be disappointed in the story if you need everything in a neat and tidy line, because the plot goes back an forth a little bit to help build the story (i think that if it was shown in chronological order, it would have ruined the whole thing.)i'm actually glad that this movie had very little bloody messes in it... maybe the rest of you studio writers and whathaveyous will realize that you don't have to splash the red stuff all over the set to make people afraid.

massive multiple chills down the spine! i'm surprised there's people who didn't like it! i saw it at 10 o'clock in the morning and still got scared stiff! and i've seen hundreds of thrillers/horror movies! for crying out loud,i'm 22!!! i mean, ok, voice acting, not particularly good, probably even b-movie-ish. but the genuine look of terror, the sound effects, the flow! from the very start, hitting you again and again with relentless, unforgiving, terrorising scenes! so many clichés yet none fails to surprise/scare! you know it's coming, it's coming, it's coming, boo! and you still jump off the chair. grab a pillow and a blanket, call your closest friend over and do not watch it at night! hats off to the japanese!

this is what i wrote to some friends earlier:holy crap, the grudge is, honest to god, one of the scariest films i've ever seen! i am either getting very soft in my old age, or sam raimi and ghost pictures did a kick a** job! (can't wait for boogeyman!)i was very scared sitting in the dark theater and wished i had someone, anyone, sitting next to me (except the protagonist in grudge. i saw the movie by myself.) i swear, there were many many jump scenes that were not expected! i felt foolish but my nerves did not care! i was on edge the entire movie, from the opening credits, and the music was fantastically scary. i keep thinking of that sound, though, and i do not like it!i actually gasped aloud a few times, and cried, "oh" at one scene!! oh, yeah, i even half-covered my eyes a few times! word to the wise, though: i thought some of the scenes were a little psychotic. my dh hated event horizon and thought whoever wrote it was sick and psycho, but i don't remember the movie so can't compare.i can't say i "enjoyed" this movie b/c i was terrified, but it was very very good and scary. the ending scene, too...whoa! for being a 32-year-old-mommy, i think i may have nightmares from this movie, especially because of that sound. please get out of my head ;)in summary, this is not a slasher flick like i grew up with (jason, freddy). this is a most-of-the-time spooky movie. perfect for halloween.two great trailers for this movie were boogeyman and the ring 2!!

"the grudge" is a remake of shimizu's own series of popular japanese horror films. shimizu knows he is not dealing with anything new, so he does what any intelligent person would have done in his place: he forgets logic and concentrates in giving viewers a fun ride. he uses commonly known clichés associated with ghost stories but shimizu plays with these elements in an imaginative manner. the nonlinear narrative is not a mere gimmick but an interesting way to present sequences from different perspectives. at the end, all i can say is that if the only purpose of a horror film is to scare the audience (the same way a comedy is to make people laugh), this movie succeeded with flying colors. i watched it in a theater with an audience and it was fun to see viewers go wild over this one. it probably doesn't play as well in your living room.

karen (sarah michelle gellar), an exchange student in japan who is just beginning to do some social work, is sent to aid an elderly semi-catatonic woman, emma (grace zabriskie), after her previous caretaker, yoko (yoko maki), disappears. karen soon learns that something is not right in emma's home, and she attempts to "see how deep the rabbit hole goes".maybe it's a delayed influence from the success of m. night shyamalan's films, but slower-paced, understated horror films are a recent trend. in some cases, such as hide and seek (2005), the approach works remarkably well, and in others, such as white noise (2005), the pacing tends to kill the film. i didn't like the grudge quite as much as hide and seek, but this is still a very good film--it earns a 9 out of 10 from me.the grudge has a couple significant differences from other recent examples of that trend, however. one, it is well known that this is a remake based on the japanese film series that began with ju-on (2000) (in particular, it's extremely close to the first half of ju-on: the grudge, aka ju-on 3, from 2003). two, as with many japanese horror films, the slower pacing here isn't so much in the realm of realist drama as with surrealism. as is also the case with a large percentage of european horror, the grudge should be looked at more as a filmed nightmare.director takashi shimizu, also the director of the five japanese entries in the ju-on series to date (the fifth is currently in production), and writer stephen susco have largely dispensed with linearity and are not overly concerned with logic or plot holes when it comes to the horror behind the story. the idea instead is to present a dreamlike sequence of scenes, with dream logic, where the focus is atmosphere, creepiness, the uncanny, and for many viewers--scares. how well the film works for you will largely depend on how well you can adapt yourself to, or are used to, this different approach to film-making (although admittedly, some of the seeming gaps are filled in by previous entries in the ju-on series). traditionally, american audiences consider as flaws leaving plot threads hanging and abandoning "rules" for the "monster". a more poetic, metaphorical, surreal approach to film isn't yet accepted by the mainstream in the u.s.however, even if you're not used to it, it's worth trying to suspend your normal preconceptions about films and give the grudge a shot. this is a well written, well directed, well acted film, filled with unusual properties, such as the story interweaving a large number of "main characters" (which is done better here than the more episodic ju-on 3), good cinematography, subtle production design touches (check out gellar's clothes, which match the color and texture of the exterior of emma's house, when gellar first approaches), and beautifully effective horror material.even though it is more slowly paced that your average horror film of the past, the pacing usually enhances the eeriness, and there is no shortage of bizarre events to keep horror fans entertained. the supernatural premise of the film is absorbing, and based on interviews on the dvd with shimizu, have prodded me to pay more attention to japanese beliefs and folklore. although the most interesting subtexts would probably arise with a more intimate knowledge of japanese culture, it's interesting to ponder why so many japanese horror films feature scary children and adults who look like scary children.i subtracted one point for the film slightly veering into clichéd mystery/thriller territory with a "here's what really happened" flashback, but even that was fairly well done, and otherwise, this would have been a 10 out of 10.now that i've said all of the above, let me finish with a mini-rant: it's not that i'm anti-remake, but it is ridiculous that u.s. distributors and studios feel that we need remakes of foreign films to make them appropriate for consumption. the original versions of these films should just be playing in u.s. theaters in wide release. there is no need to present an almost identical film but just substituting white american actors for non-white or foreign actors. yes, the grudge is a fine film, but ultimately, i'd rather see something original using this talent, and be treated to the latest foreign horror films--not just japanese, but also indian, spanish, chinese, etc.--at my multiplex. in the hope that someone with some pull at the studios reads this, it is also more cost-effective to do this, as (1) you can completely avoid production costs, and simply make domestic distribution deals from which you receive profit, and (2) you can make money off of fans like myself who otherwise pick up the foreign film dvds in foreign manufactured or even bootleg versions.

i went to this movie expecting an artsy scary film. what i got was scare after scare. it's a horror film at it's core. it's not dull like other horror films where a haunted house just has ghosts and gore. this film doesn't even show you the majority of the deaths it shows the fear of the characters. i think one of the best things about the concept where it's not just the house thats haunted its whoever goes into the house. they become haunted no matter where they are. office buildings, police stations, hotel rooms... etc. after reading some of the external reviews i am really surprised that critics didn't like this film. i am going to see it again this week and am excited about it.i gave this film 10 stars because it did what a horror film should. it scared the s**t out of me.

simple story... why say more? it nails it's premise. world war 3 kills all or most of the human race and we're viewing 2 of the survivors. the message is that the 2 warring sides should not have been at odds in the first place. distilled down to representatives from each side, we see they have everything to come together for:security... finding resources... food, shelter, etc... survival... love...at the end they've decided to pool their resources, (she finally does), so they will survive. simple story, expressed in the limited budget of the early 60s television landscape. we see it in 2009 as somewhat old and maybe predictable. in the early 60s, no one had seen such stuff... i give it a 10...

a lot is dated in this episode (just like most twilight zone episodes), such as the woman's incredibly sexist military "uniform." and some things are so unbelievable, like the easy availability of clean water. still, consider the year this was made and the time, and you quickly understand why this episode is so special as you watch. it has a nice sense of hope, something missing from a lot of twilight zones, as well as an interesting female character (despite the fact that she rarely speaks), something else rare on the twilight zone. "two" is a great example of how the twilight zone, in just over 20 minutes, could pack more emotion and drama than most two hours movies today. and it's great to see two people who became american icons so early in their careers.

this episode apparently grew out of the cold war. there has been a holocaust but somehow elizabeth montgomery and charles bronson have come through unscathed. it then becomes a battle for turf. she is attracted to him and vice versa, but the instinct for survival takes over. it's a quiet, slow moving, chess battle as they attempt to achieve trust. they come to truces but distrust takes over and they start again. of course, the male female role of the sixties comes into play and modern viewers might find that her need to follow him is a bit offensive. but it still is captivating and interesting. because she doesn't speak, we don't know here mind very well, but in the end we can guess.

this is one of my favorites along with the mariette hartley and robert lansing "sandy" and the agnes moorhead-and-the-tiny-spacemen episodes.it is an important take, from mid-1961, on the long cold war that the u.s. was then embroiled in. the beaten-down city-scene, the near-starving characters' sparse dialog, their threadbare uniforms, and the minimal action "says" it all: the absurdity of an on-going conflict that threatens to destroy human life, modern civilization, and all that is sweet and redeeming about it.it is a "fable" because it was made in a time in which, had events turned out differently, such as the second berlin crisis (spring 1961) and the subsequent cuban missile crisis (oct. 1962), it would have actually been a reasonable representation of one of the u.s.'s major cities, ruined and replete with a few miserable survivors. i also see it as a "fable" because it is not only a cautionary tale, but because it is the most redemptive of all our popular myths: it is a love story, set in an impossible situation, and involving two highly mismatched lovers.

wow! all i can say is that if elizabeth montgomery is the enemy (she speaks russian), then i'm surrendering right now. in her short skirt, high-top boots, and pronounced bust line, she's a real babe, even if her zombie-like eye-shadow sort of comes and goes. this 30 minutes is no doubt the sexiest of the series. note the realistic and revealing wrestling match with bronson until he ungallantly slugs her on the chin, ruining all the fun. okay, probably i should leave off my hormonal response.this is a very well produced half-hour by that underrated force behind the series's success, buck houghton. naturally, the producers want to lead off the third season with an above average entry. it's post nuclear-holocaust america (we know because she's part of the invading force) and only american bronson and soviet montgomery are left, along with about twenty tons of realistic wreckage. they wander among the destruction in alternating moods, while we wonder how long it will take for biology to trump politics, which of course it eventually does, (lucky bronson). and that's about it. no real talk, except for what bronson has to say which is pretty overblown. nonetheless, the screenplay is still entertaining, and rather daring for its time, even suggesting that not all russian women looked like truck drivers (a popular cold war stereotype of the time).in passing-- it's rather curious that the very slavic-looking bronson (buchinsky) would be cast as the american and the glossy-looking montgomery as the slav. appearance-wise, it should be the reverse. my guess is that the producers did not want to cast the american in the physically weaker role of the female, regardless of appearances. however that may be, there is little of the usual tz fright or atmosphere, still the episode remains a very, very watchable 30 minutes.

this has got to be one of my very favorite twilight zone episodes, primarily for the portrayal of two lonely souls in a post-apocalyptic environment.the cobweb-strewn shops and rubble-laden streets are eerie in that particular way the twilight zone does best.while the parable can be a bit heavy-handed by today's drama standards, it is an excellent one - using the setting to make a statement relevant to the human experience, as well as geopolitics, in a way that is timeless. the entire drama rests solely on the shoulders of mr. bronson and ms. montgomery, who do not disappoint. (may they both rest in peace.)a true classic.

i must admit, out of the eros movie collection, this has to be the one that i love the most as well as one other that i have also reviewed. the story is something that really keeps you watching. a lot of the eros films have a plot that looks like a hammer broke it in pieces before production when you watch it. all centering around sex, and who can get with how many different people come the end of the film. and oh dear god, never watch one of these films when someone pulls out a gun. it does not work that it is almost laughable, but you do not want to waste the energy to do so."losing control" is exactly as its name comes on. the protagonist, the leading character (the wonderfully talented and beautiful kira reed). the control is the control a person has over their senses, their body and feelings. and one man changes everything for her, makes her a different woman almost. but the mirror is shattered at the same time. this makes for a great film that i wish i had come up with first!!10/10

all kira reed fans must see this. the film's premise has struggling romance novelist kira unable to come up with any new ideas. she's also getting over a divorce. however, she meets this guy at a restaurant and he helps her out of her shell (and clothing). they go into a corner room and they do it. thankfully, kira gets a condom out (now don't ever tell me these playboy films are worthless piles of soft-core fluff. remember kids, safe sex). later, she marvels to her publishist how great it was, but she didn't get his name. despite this, the guy finds her and they continue their kinky games. but eventually she tires of his sneakiness and wants to know more. when she does, all hell breaks loose, and i'll leave it at that. this is easily the best of these soft-core playboys films i've seen. check this out, and marvel at the greatness of kira.

when it comes to the erotic genre, i'm lucky to get through the first 20 minutes of the plot without getting up or looking for something else to watch. this movie is different. julie davis (i love you don't touch me) directed two very strong lead actors kira reed and doug jeffery in this enthralling thriller. kira is convincing as "kim" a sweet innocent romance novelist that gets caught in the web of seduction of doug jeffery's "the man" a handsome stranger. kira loses control of her inhibitions in the role, and as actress, giving what could have been simply another t and a depth and believability. i believe it to be her best performance yet. and julie davis' direction is a great gift to erotica.

mitchell leisen's fifth feature as director, and he shows his versatility by directing a musical, after his previous movies were heavy dramas. he also plays a cameo as the conductor.you can tell it is a pre code movie, and nothing like it was made in the us for quite a while afterwards (like 30+ years). leisen shot the musical numbers so they were like what the audience would see - no widescreen shots or from above ala busby berkeley. what i do find funny or interesting is that you never actually see the audience.as others have mentioned the leads are fairly characterless, and jack oakie and victor mclaghlan play their normal movie personas. gertrude michael however provides a bit of spark.the musical numbers are interesting and some good (the rape of the rhapsody in particular is amusing) but the drama unconvincing and faked - three murders is too many and have minimal emotional impact on the characters. this is where this movie could have been a lot better.

it's good to see that vintage film buff have correctly categorized their excellent dvd release as a "musical", for that's what this film is, pure and simple. like its unofficial remake, murder at the windmill (1949), the murder plot is just an excuse for an elaborate girlie show with kitty carlisle and gertrude michael leading a cast of super-decorative girls including ann sheridan, lucy ball, beryl wallace, gwenllian gill, gladys young, barbara fritchie, wanda perry and dorothy white. carl brisson is also on hand to lend his strong voice to "cocktails for two". undoubtedly the movie's most popular song, it is heard no less than four times. however, it's gertrude michael who steals the show, not only with her rendition of "sweet marijauna" but her strong performance as the hero's rejected girlfriend. as for the rest of the cast, we could have done without jack oakie and victor mclaglen altogether. the only good thing about oakie's role is his weak running gag with cult icon, toby wing. in fact, to give you an idea as to how far the rest of the comedy is over-indulged and over-strained, super-dumb inspector mclaglen simply cannot put his hands on the killer even though, would you believe, in this instance it happens to be the person you most suspect. director mitch leisen actually goes to great pains to point the killer out to even the dumbest member of the cinema audience by giving the player concerned close-up after close-up.

during the opening night of the vanties a woman is found dead on the catwalk above the stage. as the show continues the police attempt to piece together who killed who and why before the final curtain.i had always heard that this was a great classic comedy mystery so i was excited to find myself a copy. unfortunately no one told me about the musical numbers which go on and on and on. while the numbers certainly are the type that hollywood did in their glory days, they become intrusive because they pretty much stop the movie dead despite attempts to weave action around them. this wouldn't be so bad if the music was half way decent, but its not. there is only one good song. worse its as if the studio knew they had one song, cocktails for two, and we're forced to endure four versions of it: a duet, a big production number, as the vanities finale and in the background as incidental music. i don't think spike jones and his city slickers ever played it that much. the rest of the movie is pretty good with victor mclaglen sparring nicely with jack oakie. charles middleton is very funny is his scenes as an actor in love with the wardrobe mistress.by no mean essential i can recommend this if you think you can get through the musical numbers, or are willing to scan through them. its a fun movie of the sort they don't make any more.

a very enjoyable film, providing you know how to watch old musicals / mysteries. it may not come close to agatha christie or even thin man mysteries as a film noir, but it's much more interesting than your typical "boy meets girl" or "let's put on a show" backstage musical. as a musical, it's no busby berkley or freed unit, but it can boost the classic "coctails for two" and the weird "sweet marijuana". the film runs in real time during a stage show, opening night of the "vanities", where a murder - and soon another - is discovered backstage. is the murderer found out before the curtain falls? sure, but the search is fun, even though somewhat predictable and marred by outbursts of comic relief (luckily in the shape of the shapely goddess of the chorus girls, toby wing). the stupid cop is just a bit too stupid, the leading hero is just a bit too likable, the leading lady a bit too gracious, the bitchy prima donna bit too bitchy, and the enamoured waif a bit too self-sacrificing, but as stereotypes go, they are pretty stylish. there's a bevy of really gorgeous chorus girls, who are chosen even better than the girls for a busby berkley musical of the same period, who sometimes tend to be a bit on the plump side. yes, this film could have been much better than it is, and the duke ellington number is an embarrassment, but if you enjoy diving into old movies, this will prove to be a tremendously tantalizing trip.

this murder mystery with musical numbers is long on atmosphere and character but rather short on suspense and plausibility. based on a stage play by broadway showman earl carroll and others, it combines a whodunit plot with a backstage ambiance (a homicide investigation takes place on opening night at the theatre where a musical revue is being staged).the cast is impressive and varied: tough-goofy victor mclaglen as the police officer who leads the investigation and never fails to leer idiotically at whatever showgirl happens to be in sight; jack oakie (the prewar jack lemmon  or was jack lemmon the postwar jack oakie?) as the harassed director who must coordinate the staged performance as well as the chaos behind the scenes; the ever-homely jessie ralph as a wardrobe mistress with deep, dark secrets; dorothy stickney, who has a stunning close-up monologue near the end, as the tremulous maid madly in love with the male lead; carl brisson, the danish star, as that very male lead, warbling the classic "cocktails for two" not once but twice; kitty carlisle, operatically delivering "where do they come from and where do they go" and other johnston-coslow songs; the glorious gertrude michael, who parted from us too soon, as a mean-spirited showgirl whose love for brisson is spurned; the usually ridiculous toby wing who here at least is the center of a laugh-getting running joke.when the plot complications get out of hand there is always an interesting performer or fun and tuneful musical number to distract the viewer. the film's most celebrated sequence is the "marahuana" number, led by michaels, but aside from its controversial history, it's really one of the lesser musical offerings. all of the songs here are staged as if they could actually have fit into a standard proscenium theatre space, as opposed to the cinematic fantasy setup of the busby berkeley style.

financially strapped paramount pulled out all the stops for this '34 stage adaptation entry: big budget, large cast, extravagant production and mitch leisen tagged as the director. what happened? two things: busby berkeley didn't work for the out-of focus rock and a murder mystery script that didn't deserve to be in the same trash can as the worst charlie chan first draft down the street. i have to believe that the cutting was out of leisen's hands since the great duke ellington's number is savagely chopped, but that doesn't mean that it ain't worth a look: the 'sweet marihuana' number featuring topless chorus girls is a mind blower, considering the looming production code and it also has the ravishing toby wing (whose unfortunately fed horrible lines and playing the prototype dumb blonde) as a chorion hot for an otherwise preoccupied jack oakie. carl brisson's acting is bland as melba toast but he's a competent singer. maclaglen reaches for new plateaus as a stereotypical dumb detective. and try to spot lucy in the chorus. this rates a 7.0 as a curiosity. feb 2010 re-think: i recently gave the film another look and now feel i was wrong to berate the lack of busby berkeley production numbers. i can understand leisen's argument for more realistic production numbers within the context of the plot. i still have enormous issues with the editing however. paramount, the raciest major studio in town, faced huge issues with the production code at the worst possible time in it's history, financially speaking, and pulled out all the stops on this one (also check out 1934's search for beauty). a must see for pre-code buffs.

since this is black history month and i'm reviewing the achievements of many african-americans on film in chronological order, i got this movie on vhs from the library because duke ellington and his orchestra were in it. their jazz version of franz liszt's "rhapsody" was the highlight of this mostly overlong murder mystery-musical comedy mixture. many other numbers i liked were kitty carlisle's especially "sweet marijuana", carl brisson's "cocktails for two" as well as his duet with carlisle on that earlier, and the ones by gertrude michael who's great as the woman you love to hate. jack oakie and victor mclaglen probably go a little too long with their love/hate banter as the producer and detective but they grow on you. and toby wing is a sexy dumb tease as nancy who keeps trying to say something to oakie but gets a "not now" from him every time. while many of the characters have a motive for the murders that happen, i wasn't surprised by the revelation of who done it. and get a load of how naked the women here are (though of course their breasts are covered, either by their hands or some flimsy top). this was very obviously pre-code. worth a look for any film buff interested in this sort of thing. p.s. as a long-time louisiana resident, i like noting when someone was born here as carlisle was a new orleans native.

i just viewed murder at the vanities in the newly-released universal pre-code set, and i was amazed at how much i enjoyed the vehicle end to end. most of the other commentators have covered the story, a murder mystery within a musical, but i wanted to add a few additional notes. brisson and carlisle are relatively bland, compared to even most of the minor players, and neither one really seems to have the proper voice for what they're singing (carlisle being a trained opera singer, brisson a bit wobbly on some of his high and low notes). the great victor mclaglen and jack oakie play well off each other, with an excellent sense of timing that keeps the ball rolling between musical numbers. yes, lucille ball and ann sheridan are vanities girls, but let's not forget the splendid jazz singer ernestine anderson in the "ebony rhapsody" number. gail patrick makes one of her early appearances, sounding a bit like eve arden; patrick would go on to become the executive producer of the perry mason tv series. then there's jessie ralph as the wardrobe mistress--you'll spot her also in david copperfield (as aunt peggoty) and the bank dick. the music is very good--brisson introducing the standard "cocktails for two" in two different scenes; "sweet marihuana" with barely clad peyote button girls in the background (blood dripping on one chorine's white skin was wonderfully chilling); the "ebony rhapsody," with duke ellington's orchestra and a bevy of beautiful dancers, both black and white, mixing it up. and i believe this is one of the only early musicals to feature such a mix--and the costumes leave nothing to the imagination.

released just before the production code crackdown in july, 1934, mitch leisen's all-star paramount musical is leeringly suggestive -some even claim misogynistic- and highly entertaining. two murders occur on the opening night of "earl carroll's vanities" (one on-stage!), but that doesn't stop the manager (jack oakie) from putting on a show as a lascivious police detective (victor mclaglen) investigates. everyone is hiding something and gypsy rose lee must have seen this backstage murder mystery before she penned "the g-string murders" as the denouement is similar (although more satisfying here). gertrude michael, as a vicious diva, stops the show (in more ways than one) with her exotic "sweet marijuana" number and duke ellington finishes with the truncated "rape of the rhapsody". the hit song, "cocktails for two", came from this film. a bizarre and bawdy camp classic highly recommended! here's louella o. parsons in the "los angeles examiner" on may 17, 1934earl carroll's hand-picked beauties' pirouette about on the grauman united artists screen in a fig leaf and not much else. but september morn herself never had a better figure than these charmers, who are made up to please the eye, especially the eye of the tired businessman. but don't for a moment think mr. carroll's girls, au naturelle, are the only attraction. believe it or not, murder at the vanities is a musical comedy thriller, if you know what i mean -a murder mystery incorporated in a musical show. it all happens on the opening night at the time the play is in progress and a search is on for a murderer. just by way of suspense, a cop threatens to stop the show every few minutes. victor mclaglen is something new in cops. all the time he is trying to track down the murderer, he keeps his eye fastened on the chorus beauties. the murder mystery is good with the exception of the denouement, which is pretty flat. probably faulty direction. dorothy stickney, who plays the maid, is about as melodramatic as the heroine in a ten, twenty, and thirty show. for no good reason, she rates a never-ending closeup in the big dramatic scene. the girl ensembles are good, and it's a positive relief to get away from the inevitable overhead shots. the costumes are beautiful; in fact, this is a musical that paramount can feel is really to their credit. as for carl brisson -well, he would be an addition to any show. good-looking with a delightful singing voice and an easy, assured manner, he is all his press agents claim for him. i also like kitty carlisle, who plays the leading lady in the show. gertrude michael, as the deep-eyed villianess, gives an interesting if rather fictional portrayal. jack oakie, as the stage manager, is the same old wisecracking jack, but we wouldn't change him. jessie ralph is excellent as the seamstress. others in the cast are charles middleton, gail patrick, donald meek, barbara fritchie, toby wing and lona andre. the screen play is by carey wilson and rufus king, and the direction by mitchell leisen. the music is by arthur johnstone and the lyrics by sam coslow. in addition to murder at the vanities, there is a mickey mouse cartoon, a paramount newsreel, and a two-reeler, the wrong direction.i disagree with lolly on the denouement, it's satisfying if over-the-top. why would she blame the director? was she displeased with the story's ending -or the way it was staged? and what's a "ten, twenty, or thirty show"? note the swipe taken at busby berkeley and his "overhead shots". as hard as it may be to believe today, the public was tiring of buzz' schtick by may, 1934. mitch leisen said, "if you are showing a stage show that's supposed to be in a theater, you should stay within the bounds of the proscenium arch, and not do a buzz berkeley routine with a stage set that's acres big." q: don't you think berkeley's spectacular effects justified taking this liberty? ml: apparently they did because they're reviving all of his pictures and none of mine, but personally i don't like it.

there are moments in the film that are so dreadful, your teeth ache. but knowing that there were only weeks left before the code made movies innocuous and bland, paramount rushed this into production before innuendo and leering went out of style. vanities is so horrifically anti-female that it's delicious. as kitty carlisle sings, women are displayed with price tags that would insult a bronx hooker. they emerge from clams (nudge,nudge;wink,wink) in postures of absolute submission. minions of the law, so stupid they cannot find the door, get to look up their skirts and snicker. bare-breasted chorus girls sit uncomfortably in giant cacti (could they be a source of hallucinogens, perhaps?) while we listen to "sweet marijuana" and watch as blood falls on a chorines's breast.sure, carl brisson learned his lines phonetically and doesn't seem to have a clue what he is saying. but it's all worth it as norma steals the show while no one is looking.taking one moment of this fragile fluff seriously is missing the point of the whole exercise. watch this with a charter member of now and prepare to justify the whole hollywood machismo sch tick between body blows.toby wing, by the way, is the icing on the cake. and duke ellington doesn't hurt either.a must stroll down memory lane.

a murder investigation goes on back stage while the vanities, on its opening night, plays on to an unknowing audience. odd combination of musical and murder mystery is worth a look for its cast, its production numbers, and the sheer novelty of the film.gertrude michael has the showy role of a bitchy actress intent on stopping the marriage between the show's stars, kitty carlisle and carl brisson, as well as starring in the infamous "sweet marijuana" number (which was also on a 70s bette midler album). so while the chorus girls shuffle around backstage, bumbling detective victor mclaglen ogles the girls while he tries to solve the backstage murder of an unknown woman.we quickly learn that the maid (dorothy stickney) loves brisson from afar, that the wardrobe lady (jessie ralph) is brisson's mother, and that the stage manager (jack oakie) butts into everything. lots of plots twists among the musical numbers. the show's best-known song is "cocktails for two." kitty carlisle also sings the haunting "where do they come from?" and there's a weird rhapsody that erupts into a harlem specialty number featuring duke ellington! quite the cast.some terrific acting here, especially gertrude michael and dorothy stickney. kitty carlisle is quite good as well. brisson is a total zero though.charles middleton plays homer, toby wing plays nancy, donald meek plays the doctor, and also see if you can spot ann sheridan and lucille ball among the show girls.

using buster keaton in the twilight of his career was an interesting choice. he may have been the most talented comedian of the silent age. this gives him a chance to display those talents in a little time travel story. he get hooked up with a guy living in modern times, and it becomes obvious that we are best left in our own times keaton is able to do his sight gags very well. i've heard his voice before. i believe he did some of those beach party films, playing some vacuous characters just to earn a few bucks. serling seemed to have respect for him and portrayed him that way. it's not a bad story. it shows how one reacts when we wish for something we don't have and get that wish.

well now, this was certainly a surprise episode. in this anthology science fiction series, with all of this alien beings, extraordinary occurrences and many brushes with the hereafter, this episode would certainly rate as unusual. its seemingly insignificant settings apparently not imparting any morale at story's end. or does it? kicking off with the silent movie form, no recorded dialog, but having musical accompaniment. in this case it's on the sound track, not utilizing the playing of organ or piano by an on sight musician. this part of the episode, along with the ending section, also made liberal use o title cards, just like "the old time movies." while these titles are a bit exaggerated and overdone, they are made so intentionally and with an affection for rather than any contempt for the silent film.veteran comedy film director, norman z. mcleod, was the man in the chair for this half-hour installment. he had been the director of many of the greatest comedies of all time, featuring people like the marx brothers, w.c. fields, harold lloyd and danny kaye. he was no stranger to to tv, as he had done a lot of work on television series.it doesn't appear that he and mr. keaton had ever worked together before(as i cannot find any evidence of this)' but judging by the outcome of the film, they succeeded in doing so with flying colors! anyone who directed keaton was aware that buster was also a fine comedy director as well as a comedy player. he was just as comfortable behind the camera as he was in front of it. their short partnership must have been a harmonious one, with 'give and take' about how to do things. it is apparent that many of the gags were keaton's, resurrected from his own silent picture days. for example, the gag of putting the pair of pants on with rollo's(stanley adams assistance was done by keaton and roscoe "fatty" arbuckle in one of the arbuckle 2 reelers, the garage (1919). that was a clear example of his craft in a nutshell.buster knew that we film our world with a camera, rendering it a two dimensional image. this one fact is at the bottom of so many of gags. it is a cardinal rule for his film making.the cast was small and once again just chock full-of veteran talent. stanley adams was rollo and served as mr. keaton's straight man. jesse white, the old 'maytag repair man', ran the fix it shop that fixed the 'time hjelmet'. gil lamb, serene veteran of rko short comedy series, was the 1890's cop. james flavin, george e.stone, harry fleer, warren parker, and milton parsons all rounded out this largely silent cast.without spilling the beans, let's just say that yes, there is probably a lesson to be learned here. if not the one already mentioned, "the grass always looks greener on the other side of the fence!", then how about, "be careful in what you ask for, because you just may get it!"

this is a clever episode of twilight zone that was comic rather than strange or tragic. buster keaton is woodrow mulligan, a janitor from 1890 america, works in a laboratory. he is constantly griping about the life problems around him: meat is too expensive (it's like $1.00 / lb. unheard of!). he is always yelling after crazy speeders (on bicycles - autos haven't appeared yet). griping to the end, he sees a helmet like device by a scientist, and puts it on and tries it. suddenly he is in modern america. the beginning was a seven minute silent film. now it is all noise, all talking, all beeping, all blowing. keaton is here only a few minutes when he realizes that the world has changed and not for the better. he runs into stanley adams, a professor rollo, who realizes that mulligan is from c. 1890 (he mentions president cleveland). rollo has always wanted to live in that charming, quiet age. he helps mulligan get the helmet repaired, and they go back in time. rollo gets bored after awhile, due to the lack of scientific equipment that he can use. mulligan puts the helmet on him and sends him into the future. but now woodrow is fully content with the quiet, simple age he lives in. he has found contentment.in his last fifteen years buster keaton was frequently on television (many times for allan funt on candid camera, where he could help set up sight gag tricks on the public). he did make a few films as well (most notably a funny thing happened on the way to the forum and the railrodder). but he occasionally popped up in television plays and episodes. he is in his element here, presumably advising the director (old comedy film director norman mcleod - he directed the marx brothers in horse feathers) on the tricks he could do. watch how stanley adams and he time adams picking him up when he is snatching a pair of trousers he needs. in terms of timing it reminds one of gags he did in the 20s in films like sherlock jr. the episode does show keaton in fine fettle for a man in his sixties.the appearances of jesse white (here as a repairman, of all things) is always welcome. but look a bit at "professor rollo". stanley adams was a well known figure in movies and television from the 1950s onward to his tragic suicide in 1977. plump, with unkempt appearance, and heavy, booming voice, his best known dramatic role was as the wrestling promoter in the film version of requiem for a heavyweight (he wants anthony quinn to be a wrestler wearing a costume as an indian). his best known television appearance was as the space trader who introduces the crew of the starship enterprise in star trek to those furry, fertile little creatures "tribbles" (as in "the trouble with"). adams was always worth watching (like jesse white, and certainly like keaton), enhancing most of the productions he appeared in. i have never understood his suicide, but it was a sad end to a first rate character performer.

buster absolutely shines in this episode, which is the only vehicle i've seen towards the end of the career that allowed him to do the physical (and silent!) comedy that made him famous. it's still a shock to hear his gravelly voice in the talkie sequences - his voice is about the only thing i don't care for, as far as buster is concerned - but his ability to take a pratfall is still unparalleled. he even repeats some of the gags used in his early two-reelers with roscoe arbuckle.my deepest gratitude to rod serling for presenting us with this episode, and for giving buster's genius full scope. he didn't have much time (one episode) to do it in, but this is a touching tribute to hollywood's greatest genius.

this episode of twilight zone combines a silent section (1890) with melodramatic acting and sight gags, an homage to the early buster keaton films. lots of slapstick: buster falling on a bulkhead door, falling in a puddle, running around pants-less. silly scientist's invention of a time helmet, reminiscent of a flash gordon idea of what the future would be. cheap prices, like $1.95 for ladies hats, or 17 cents a pound for beef seem outrageously high to buster. even the world of 1890 is too much for buster/mulligan. how shocking when he is mistakenly transported to the "modern" world of 1960! buster was trying to go backwards! the "scientist" of that time wants to return to a calmer world, the 1890 that he has studied and admired. they go back together, and buster/mulligan is now happy and the "scientist" regrets not having electronic equipment, modern beds or an electric blanket. so buster sends him back with the crazy helmet.this twilight zone doesn't have a heavy message. since buster keaton died in 1966, it is one of his last efforts. that's enough.one other cute thing--longtime underutilized maytag man jesse white is a repairman who fixes the time helmet--foreshadowing his washing machine career.

thanks to a smart script and a steady hand from writer/director kevin meyer, "perfect alibi" is an entertaining and very likable mystery thriller. the movie starts methodically and builds up steam as the clues begin to reveal that nothing is what it seems to be. teri garr and hector elizondo are terrific as they team up to unravel the mystery, reminding me of nick and nora charles, from the "thin man" movies. kathleen quinlan is excellent as alex mcarthur's tormented wife and the character roles, played by veteran actors charles martin smith, bruce mcgill, anne ramsey and estelle harris are well done and provide plenty of light moments at just the right time. there's even a cameo by rex linn. in all, i felt like i was reading a good book by the fire.

one of the finest pieces of television drama of the last decade. throughout the five hours, ones perceptions and sympathies are constantly challenged as it explores many facets of modern day british society. david morrisey is, as usual, brilliant. at first coming across as a heavy handed copper in conflict with the heroine, but then proving to be intelligent and caring, as he works with her in uncovering the truth. i have never seen surrane jones before. i believe she comes from the world of television soaps. her performance was magnificent, as she maintains her humour and composure whilst trying to balance the demands of the case and the stress of caring for her mother. i could go on and talk about every member of the cast who contributes to this magnificent drama, but their efforts would mean little without such an absorbing script that constantly challenges your assumptions about any of the characters. it is programmes like this that restore one's faith in television drama, whilst at the same time making it almost impossible to settle for most of the garbage that is increasingly filling the airwaves.

this is a very engrossing bbc-tv mini-series which is loosely based upon a mysterious disappearance of a young mother, but the series is really more of a study of the assorted characters in the story, which lasts for five hours. it is thus very much an ensemble piece, where the wide variety of brilliant british actors and actresses can show off their talents. the actual characters portrayed are really 'the kind of people one does not normally meet', people so boring and nondescript that it is difficult to admire them. for instance, the lead character is a young husband (the one whose wife disappears) who has no job and no apparent interest in finding any. he lives off handouts from his parents-in-law. he was once in the army but does not appear to have the slightest flicker of any ambition or any interests in life apart from doting on his small family. he is played by david oyelowo, who is brilliant at the part, coming across as a totally sympathetic person, although his only activities for five hours are loving and grieving, which he does superbly, so that one wants to comfort him, as he is so obviously a nice guy. the standout performance of the whole series is unquestionably penelope wilton, who acts circles round everyone else in the story. she is simply incredible. she portrays a very unsympathetic woman, indeed the only character in the story who is all too familiar to everyone, namely an irrational, hysterical, self-centred, dense, querulous, blindly loving and blindly hating, elderly idiot-woman. alas, alas, we know them too well. wilton is one of britain's finest actresses (see my review of her in 'half broken things'). she takes a character who could have been two-dimensional and makes her four-dimensional. she is wonderfully supported by old pro patrick malahide, who plays her exasperated husband, and the pair of them set a high standard indeed for all the younger players. janet mcteer, a spectacular actress when younger, has become a much less sympathetic type of person now that she is older, has coarsened in some way, and puts one off, but she redeems herself in the latter stages of the story by showing how brilliant an actress she can be when she has a chance by pulling off one of the most convincing and original drunk scenes i have ever seen on film. the big surprise is the enigmatic character sarah, played with great depth and originality by actress sarah smart. she takes a character who could have been insufferably tedious and by sheer acting magic turns her into a deeply mysterious and intriguing person, about whom we wonder tirelessly for the entire five hours. she is so good at it that we end up wondering about sarah smart, frankly. i guess that's what happens when you really do your job properly, that people wonder where the character ends and the actress begins, if she knows herself, that is, and many do not. she has some deeply unnerving tricks with her eyes, which wobble and let us know she is unhinged, but we are not sure how or why, though we eventually learn that she had an extremely violent and traumatic childhood. her mastery of ambiguous facial expressions is extraordinary. rory kinnear is amazingly convincing as an apparently hopeless fellow who lives with his mum and isn't up to much, but who turns out to have hidden depths. (i suppose most people have hidden depths, but do we want to plumb them, that is the question.) his mum is played very well indeed by margot leicester. a superb performance is given by lucinda dryzek, who plays a snotty, revolting teenage girl of the sort we all dread to meet, but who at crucial moments collapses in helpless tears and turns out to be pathetic, with all her arrogance just a pose. three other children are also very good, lucinda's friend, and her younger half-brother and half-sister. the younger siblings may be very dim indeed as characters in the story (they seem unable to say anything particularly articulate, being hopeless witnesses to the disappearance), with little to recommend them but their sweet natures, but that is conveyed to wonderful effect by lee massey as the boy and tyler anthony as the girl. harriet walter has a small role, but we do not get to see much of her, which is a shame, as she is such a fine actress that she was wasted here. one could go on, but one must draw a line somewhere. the series manages to be strangely fascinating because of the depth of portrayal of all these essentially uninteresting people caught up in a web of intense anxiety and suspense.

i totally got drawn into this and couldn't wait for each episode. the acting brought to life how emotional a missing person in the family must be , together with the effects it would have on those closest. the only problem we as a family had was how quickly it was all 'explained' at the end. we couldn't hear clearly what was said and have no idea what gary's part in the whole thing was? why did kyle phone him and why did he go along with it? having invested in a series for five hours we felt cheated that only five minutes was kept back for the conclusion. i have asked around and none of my friends who watched it were any the wiser either. very strange but maybe we missed something crucial ????

it's only 2 episodes into a 5 part drama, but i can already state that this is one of the best things i've ever seen. that's on tv, silver screen or even in real life.as a writer, it's so good it's almost demoralising! as a viewer it's so entertaining that i'm annoyed the episodes are over a fortnight instead of monday to friday. it's clear that all these negatives are actually positives.i'm a modern guy who previously turned over from tv dramas. in comparison to movies, tv dramas always seemed to be dated, quite tame, and well, generally boring! "five days" has really brought tv drama into the 21st century, so for me at least, it's mind changing. go watch it.

a number of posters have commented on the unsatisfactory conclusion. this is always a problem with long, complex dramas. crime is essentially banal, so the pay off is always anti-climactic, whilst detailed exposition detracts from the human drama. the writer has used a number of clever devices to try and get round this, but has not been entirely successful. answers to precisely what happened and why may have been supplied, but if so they are well buried. the viewer inevitably feels a little cheated.but in a sense this is unimportant. the drama was never about the crime, or even the investigation, it was about the impact of events on the lives of those involved; the family, the investigators, the witnesses, the press. and as such it was gripping. the writing was a significant cut above the run of the mill for prime-time drama, and the performances uniformly good. in an ensemble piece it is invidious to focus on individuals, but penelope wilton deserves special mention for an extraordinary tour de force as the mother-wife-daughter, and janet mcteer was in cracking form as a hard-bitten old cop.one of the most interesting aspects of the drama is the handling of race, as the elephant in the room that no-one is prepared to mention. subtle, powerful stuff.

'five days' is billed as something special, a crime drama that consists of a series of episodes, each set on one particular day of a police enquiry. but in fact, this element of the story turns out to be rather less significant than might at first be thought, as the fact that the action in each episode is confined to 24 hours is hardly noticeable, and very little distinguishes the program from countless other crime stories. in fact one almost can't help drawing comparisons to the last 'prime suspect', as one of the sub-plots focuses on a single, cynical female cop approaching retirement: and it's not just the absence of helen mirren that makes the comparisons unfavourable. there's a lot of earnest over-emoting, manipulative music and a set of characters seemingly contrived so that each one is in some sense sympathetic, in another suspicious. and it's possible to guess the guilty party well before the end, not because of the internal dynamic of the story, but rather because of the construction of the drama as a whole: certain things must be true, to justify the way that the series focuses on certain characters at certain times. in spite of these failings, the series grew on me: by the end, i was quite gripped. but it's a sad sign that the bbc, which once made the likes of 'the singing detective', boasted of this of "possibly the best drama of the year": for there's little true originality on offer here, and the claim reveals a lack of ambition that is dreadfully disappointing. 'five days' is in fact not rubbish; but it is formulaic, and one would hope that the very best the bbc had to offer would be something a little more innovative and fresh.

honestly, this is the best reality show anyone has ever come up with. in order to win the money you have to actually be intelligent. not only that you've got to be brave, athletic, cunning, etc. it actually requires skill. not like some lame-ass shows that are on these days. and yet, they only have two seasons of it! bull..they need to bring this show back!! although, they'll have a hard time pulling anderson cooper away from cnn. he was great.but seriously, it was an amazing show. you never knew who would be going when. and it was so much fun trying to figure out the mole yourself! it was a show you could actually play yourself if you wanted to!bring back the mole!!!! bring back the mole!!!!

quite simply the best reality show ever made. the first two seasons (the only ones that matter) are on hulu. i challenge anyone to watch the first three episodes of season 1 and not like it. i guarantee you will finish watching the season. then i guarantee that you will watch season 2. other quick reasons to watch it: 1. anderson cooper is hilarious 2. the locations in europe are awesome 3. the games are mentally challenging 4. it's very interactive 5. in one episode a player responds to another player's desperate, "i'm trying as hard as i can!" with an equally desperate, "not necessarily." can you figure out...who is the mole?

this long episode packs amount of astounding of surprises, thriller, mystery and concerns about a battle of wits of sherlock against charles augustus milverton, a master blackmailer. this is an excellent overlong runtime of jeremy brett-holmes series. in the film appear usual holmes's cannon as inspector lestrade and mrs hudson, though no moriarty, however is a greatest villain, charles augustus.it's a genuine ripping yarn with intrigue, thrills, and suspense, including an exciting final twist. this is a particular sherlock movie but we find to holmes falling in love with a servant, kissing, crying and even robbing. this time along with the episode ¨scandal in boheme¨ with irene adler, result to be the only one which holmes is enamored. top-notch brett performance, he alongside peter cushing are the best sherlock tv , while in the cinema is forever basil rathbone. brett performs as a resolutive, headstrong, impetuous sleuth. here doctor watson isn't a comic, botcher, and clumsy pal personified by nigel bruce, but is an astute and cunning partner well incarnated by edward hardwicke, a perfect counterpoint of brett. casting is frankly magnificent, special mention to robert hardy as astute nasty. hardy, today famous by role as cornelius fudge in harry potter, is a veteran actor with forty years of career and with several success such as, the 10th kingdom and winston churchill. furthermore appear secondaries actors with terrific performances, nickolas grace, sophie gordon, serena gordon, among others. the movie gets a colorful atmosphere , the london streets and 221 baker street's house are well designed. the motion picture is well directed by peter hammond, director of various episodes. it's a must see for the arthur conan doyle fans.

doyle had never wanted to resurrect holmes from his joint death with professor moriarty in the adventure of the final problem. however,financial considerations made him willing (in 1901) to write the hound of the baskervilles, which is still considered his best holmes' novel and possibly his best novel. but it was a "memoir" of the great detective, written before his death. only a greater outcry from his public led doyle to fully resurrect holmes in the adventure of the empty house, published in 1905.it is not that the new short stories (and the last novel) are really bad. maybe three of the stories are really terrible, but even the terrible ones are very readable. several of the later ones (like the adventure of the solitary cyclist) are really very good. but the unevenness of production (in particularly after the stories in his last bow (1917)) become increasingly apparent. he repeats past story lines, and he shows really negative aspects of holmes. in the story the adventure of the three gables holmes shows a sneering sarcasm at a character who is of african ancestry. spoiler coming up:the adventure of charles augustus milverton deals with holmes trying to recover compromising letters from milverton, a hugely successful blackmailer. it is an interesting example of how doyle could make a highly readable story with a minimum of plot for there is little real detective work in the tale. holmes is hired to try to negotiate with milverton regarding the purchase of the letters, but to get them back no matter what! milverton proves not only unwilling to consider a smaller amount for the papers but prepared to protect himself from holmes attempting a search of his person. later we learn holmes has gotten into the household of milverton by romancing a maid while disguised. at the end holmes goes with watson to burglarize milverton's home. he and watson are in the house when they find that milverton is awaiting some new business deal in his study (someone with information that milverton can use). carefully hiding, holmes and watson watch as a woman comes in, who turns out to be a victim of collateral damage from milverton's past activities, and who shoots the blackmailer to death. holmes and watson are able to set fire to milverton's collection of compromising documents before fleeing the house, and subsequently discover (for themselves) the identity of the woman. the police (under lestrade) don't discover who the two mysterious men seen running from milverton's home are, and they are so disgusted by milverton's activities (they never were able to bring anything home against him) that it is obvious the murder will never be solved.the tale is not one of the fascinating ones with real detective work involved like the adventure of the speckled band or silver blaze. it is a tale of mood and late action - the issue being will holmes and watson get the papers or will they be caught by milverton? it is not one of the best stories, but it is in the bulk of the tales as being really well told and interesting.at the time he wrote charles augustus milverton, conan doyle had an experience with the police regarding his sometimes activities as a highly respected amateur detective/crusader. an artist was found murdered in his studio in london, and conan doyle began writing his opinions about how the killing was committed. then he stopped - apparently warned by his friends at scotland yard that the murder did not bare looking into. the victim had been a homosexual, and the police were certain that it was a lover's spat gone horribly wrong. for the sake of the family of the victim (this was in 1905) doyle dropped his interest in the case. so he was aware that sometimes the british police behaved with restraint on matters that did not seem to justify their full probing - as lestrade's restraint towards whoever did kill the villainous milverton in the story.given the description of the story it could have been told in the normal hour long version of the series. but the teleplay for the master blackmailer spent some time showing the horrible dilemma milverton's victims (in victorian/edwardian england) faced. we see a promising young aristocratic army officer kill himself when faced with a homosexual exposure because of milverton's extravagant demands, all at the start of the teleplay. and it is not only homosexuals. men and women of good reputation in heterosexual marriages could be smeared by uncovering illegitimate children or past indiscreet relationships. indeed, in the story, the woman who kills milverton is avenging the destruction of her husband (a prominent nobleman) destroyed by the blackmailer. milverton is well played at his most poisonous blandness by that fine actor robert hardy, who even when confronted by the unexpected furies he has unleashed is totally unperturbed (he looks like he will just have the angry woman showed out of his home in a moment). brett and hardwicke do quite well in their holmes and watson roles, as to be expected.how serious was the loss of character by rumor or innuendo in 1905? in 1898 one of the heroes of the various imperial wars, and the leader of the last victorious charge at the battle of omdurman that destroyed the mahdist army (see four feathers) was sir hector macdonald. he was governor of ceylon in 1903 when he suddenly, unexpectedly resigned. sir hector returned to london, and shot himself in a hotel while awaiting some sort of hearing. it later came out that "fighting mac", frequently considered the most popular army commander in britain, had been caught having sleeping arrangements with native boys. milverton would have eaten him up very quickly...or his real life counterparts would have.

after seeing jeremy brett as sherlock holmes, no actor should ever display such conceit as to imagine that he could ever come close to mr. brett's portrayal of "one of the most interesting characters in literature". jeremy brett is sherlock holmes and in my opinion there can be no other. the great actor basil rathbone is,i must admit, a close second but, is still second. one might make the argument that mr. rathbone's screenplays were inferior to the absolutely top notch productions afforded mr. brett and to this i would agree. however when all is said and done jeremy brett will always and forever be the only actor to truly "become" sherlock holmes. the book should be closed on this subject and we,the public,left to enjoy mr.brett's unique performances.bill rogers (sonarman65@yahoo.com)

jeremy brett is simply the best holmes ever, narrowly edging out the great basil rathbone of course, and this is probably the best adaptation of a conon-doyle short story.a length adaptation includes some new plot strands that fit in well to the surrounding drama and heightens the hatred one feels for milverton.excellent performances all round, especially from robert hardy, and both brett and hardwick fully rounded and comfortable in their roles makes this a superb piece of drama.

the master blackmailer, based off of sir arthur conan doyle's short story, "the adventure of charles augustus milverton," is the first feature length sherlock holmes story with jeremy brett that i have seen. the story is interesting and dark. the film has a somewhat dreary, sad feel to it, but it is quite entertaining (with some especially funny scenes).*spoilers* sherlock holmes and dr. watson attempt to uncover the identity of an illusive blackmailer who has been ruining some of the most prominent families of england by publishing private letters that will, in one way or another, destroy their lives. they eventually find out that he is charles augustus milverton, an "art dealer," after the few tragic consequences for victims that could not pay up. our heroes must next help lady eva blackwell, who must pay a sum that is beyond her means or else her upcoming marriage will most definitely be called off. the scene in which holmes and watson burglarize milverton's house are intense. although the film has an essentially happy ending, the tone is sad and regretful.outstanding performances by jeremy brett and edward hardwicke (as usual), and robert hardy as the notorious villain (most audiences probably recognize him today as cornelius fudge in harry potter), serena gordon as lady eva blackwell, norma west as lady swinstead and sophie thomson as agatha (the scenes involving her and holmes are a riot). i give it a ***1/2 out *****. my only complaint is that there wasn't enough inspector lestrade. (i wish they would have added in the scene at the end of the short story where he gives the description of the two burglars, one of which matches watson.)

when i heard that this movie was coming out the night before halloween, i was very excited. when i found out that it was a book, written in 1978, i had to read it before seeing the movie. i'm sure the movie would have been much different to me if i had not read the book. the writers actually did a good job of staying true to the main plot of the book, with minor differences, naturally. i think the thing that disappointed me the most about the movie was boyle playing the role of col. i'm not a big fan of boyle, and it seems that no matter what the mood during the movie, she's always trying to use her over-plumped lips, and darkly makeup-ed eyes to make herself seem super sexy. indeed, i think that the movie held true to the genuine creepiness of the house. my favorite subplot was the sheehan family (which is so weird b/c the son was killed in iraq and in current events there is casey sheehan whose mother went on a huge anti-iraq tirade). in the book, obviously the war was not iraq, but rather, vietnam, and when the house turns on that video of the son in the helicopter, i was truly creeped out. overall, i was impressed with the movie, in that it followed the book very well.

after too many years of waiting, anne rivers siddons' noted 1979 book "the house next door" has finally been filmed. the result veers a bit from the novel which, especially in the first story of the trilogy is understandable if unsatisfying as it's a tv film, the whole of which is absorbing and actually very good, just not as great as the book, one of stephen king's favorites and one of mine as well.with more running time and fewer constraints as a theatrical release, all the richness inherent in the original three-part story of the ominous ultramodern house could have been explored and nurtured, especially the climactic revelation near the very end.still, the whole cast does well in this thoughtful tale of mindless malevolence. there are a few unnecessary cheap shocks but the growing atmosphere of dread is well developed. actually, one of the most disturbing scenes involves an abstract painting of the house by its next-door amateur-artist neighbor who is trying to visualize its corruption on canvas.be sure to read the great novel.

an ultra-modern house in an affluent neighborhood appears to be the cause of each of its inhabitants bizarre (and deadly) behavior. or at least that is what lara flynn boyle's character, col kennedy, argues. after a series of deadly occurrences in a gargantuan house next door, col knows something has got to give. mark-paul gosselaar also stars as the mysterious architect.my opinion: the house next door works because of lara flynn boyle and the locations (beautiful house) and stylish sets. boyle is a talented and dynamic actress, not to mention absolutely stunning. she brings credibility to her character and makes the film intriguing. without her, it would have failed. "it's so alive" declares a prospective buyer in reference to the house. yes, it is alive. but the story itself is not so much.barring boyle's presence, not much is happening here, as an enormous amount of the movie is spent watching or waiting to see how the house will affect its current owners. the results are predictable. but i liked it anyway. the cinematography lends the film a polished look. 8/10 on account of boyle, the premise of an evil ultra-modern house, the locations and cinematography, and set decoration and wardrobe.

although i've long been a fan of peter weir, i hadn't watched any of his australian movies until i watched the last wave. and it was a pleasant, unpredictable surprise.richard chamberlain plays david, a lawyer invited to defend five aborigines charged with murdering another aborigine. for david's peers it's a clear case of drunken disorder and they think they should plead guilty and serve a quick sentence. but david believes there's a mystery underneath the murder, linked to tribal rituals. as his investigation proceeds he learns not only things about his clients but about himself too.to reveal more would be to spoil one of the strangest movies i've ever seen. i can only say that this movie goes in directions that no one will be expecting.there are many elements that make this a fascinating movie: chamberlain's acting, for instance; but also the performances by david gulpilil, who plays a young aborigine who introduces david into tribal mysteries; and nandjiwarra amagula, who plays an old aborigine who's a spiritual guide. the relationships between these three characters make the heart of the movie.but there's also the way weir suggests the supernatural in the movie. david has dreams that warn him of the future. australia is undergoing awful weather, with storms, hail falling and even a mysterious black rain that may be nothing more than pollution. but it's also related to the case david is defending. how it's related is one of the great revelations of the movie. out of little events weir manages to create an atmosphere of dread and oppression, suggesting future horrors without really showing anything.charles wain's score is fantastic, especially the use of the didgeridoo. the photography is also quite good. russell boyd, weir's longtime dp who won an oscar in 2004 for master and commander, depicts a dark, creepy world full of mystery.i also find it remarkable that for a movie centered on aborigines, it doesn't turn into an indictment against white culture or into a sappy celebration of the their traditions, like dances with wolves or the last samurai. this movie is too clever to be that simplistic.sometimes it can be frustrating, and it may upset viewers who expect to finish a movie with everything making sense; but for those who don't mind some strangeness or ambiguity, the last wave is a great movie to watch.

i just watched "the last wave" in my school's fine arts library. it's intriguing, like all peter weir's stuff, but it's not always as attention-holding as i would have liked. i found myself fascinated by the ideas being thrown at me (because they are very well handled by the film's director weir)but at the same time i was not stimulated enough by them. aka i got a little bored in spots.the plot surrounds an aussie lawyer who becomes obsessed with certain dreams he has which link him to an aborigone group he is defending.it starts out with an intense weather sequence and has some very awesome mood effects throughout (most notably the bizarre, "belching" sound design)and strong direction; but it just didn't entertain me like weir's later films do. i might just need to watch it again though.good film about obsession and mystery. because, in the end, the mystery that exists between the whites and the aboriginies offers some very severe consequences.god bless peter weir, though. for him alone this film is worth watching ... very organic director. like an aussie response malick! i'd give it a 7 because it's got enough great ideas to overcome its boring moments.

you know the people in the movie are in for it when king-sized hailstones fall from a clear blue sky. in fact, the weather stays pretty bad throughout this atmospheric thriller, and only lawyer chamberlain has the answer. but he's too much the european rationalist, i gather, to get in touch with that inner being that only reveals itself through dreams.darkly original mystery heavy on the metaphysics from director-writer peter weir. already he had proved his skill at flirting with other dimensions in picnic at hanging rock (1975). here it's the arcane world of the australian aborigines that confronts that the tightly ordered world of the predominant whites. something strange is going on inside the aborigine community when they kill one of their number for no apparent reason. yuppie lawyer chamberlain is supposed to defend them in a white man's court. but the more he looks into things, the more mysterious things get, and the more interested a strange old aboriginal man gets in him. and then there're those scary dreams that come and go at odd times.well structured screenplay deepens interest throughout. one reason the movie works is the background normalcy of chamberlain's wife and little daughters. audiences can readily identify with them. and when their little world runs into forces beyond the usual framework, the normalcy begins to buckle, and we get the feeling of worlds beginning to collide. chamberlain underplays throughout, especially during the underground discovery tour where i think he should have shown more growing awareness than he does. after all, it's the picking up of the mask that holds the key (i believe) to the riddle, yet his reaction doesn't really register the revelation. of course, the notion of nature striking back has a certain resonance now, thirty years later. in the film, the notion is wrapped in a lot of entertaining hocus-pocus, but the subject itself remains a telling one. one way of bringing out a central irony in the movie is the symbolism of the opening scene. a big white suv barrels past an aboriginal family, leaving them in the historical dust. the terrain looks like an interior tribal reservation of no particular importance to the coastal fleshpots where industry dwells. yet, it's also a region most likely to survive anything like a destructive last wave. perhaps there's something about past and future to think about here.anyway, this is a really good movie that will probably stay with you.

the last wave is never going to win over the mainstream audience. it is a slow-moving but fascinating film for those who are willing to go along with it. an australian properties lawyer is asked to take on the case of five aborigines accused in the murder of one of their own. all sorts of portents and omens soon pop up, as the man's death involves a tribal issue that was not meant for white man's court, and pretty soon the lawyer is having trouble distinguishing reality from fantasy. it looks like the end of the world may be at hand, and he and the aborigines may know this but no one else does. richard chamberlain as the lawyer is at his peak here. david guptil, a familiar face from several other australian flicks and a decent actor, is one of the five aborigines on trial. the last wave is simply not for everyone, anymore than is magnolia (both happen to have strange things falling from the sky). check it out on a slow saturday night.

i remember seeing this when it was released, in a theater in palo alto, and not expecting much. i mean -- an australian movie? but it finally got to me. here's a scene. richard chamberlain is sitting cross legged on the floor of a shabby apartment in sidney, facing an australian aborigine elder named charlie.chamberlain: "you were outside my house last night. you frightened my wife. who are you?" and charlie at a deliberate pace replies, "who are you? who are you? who are you? who are you? who are you?. . . . are you a fish? are you a snake? are you a man? . . . . who are you? who are you? who are you?" it's a stunning scene, shot all in close ups, with chamberlain's blandly handsome face filling the screen in opposition to charlie's black, broad-nosed, bearded visage.the two guys couldn't be more different and this film is the story of how chamberlain accidentally stumbles from his humdrum lawyerly existence into the inexplicable, almost unspeakable, mysteries of charlie's world.i don't think i'll go on much about the plot. it's kind of an apocalyptic tale. but i must say, whoever did the research on australian aboriginal belief systems should get an a plus. they've got everything in here, from pointing the bone to the dream time, a kind of parallel universe in which dreams are real. it's an extremely spooky movie without any musical stings or splendiferous special effects. charly's world simply begins to intrude into chamberlain's dreams, for reasons never made entirely clear.if there's a problem with the script, that's it. nothing is ever made entirely clear. does chamberlain, who seems to have some extraordinary rapport with the aborigines, die in the last wave? do the aborigines? does the entirety of sidney? the basic premise is a little hard to accept too, though granted that this is a fantasy. the aborigines are invested with the kind of spiritual power that americans bestow on american indians, whereas the fact is that mythology is mythology and while one may be more complex or satisfying -- more elegant and beautiful, if you like -- mythology is still an attempt to transcend an ordinary, demanding, and sometimes disappointing physical existence. the mysticism of charlie is more convincing that the miracles of moses in cecil b. demille's "the ten commandments," but they're brothers under the skin.but i don't care about that. taken as a film, this one is pretty good, and it's especially important for marking the celebrity of the director, peter weir, and the australian film industry. this was the first of a great wave of films from the antipodes, some of them raucous, like "mad max," and some subtle and dramatic, like "lantana." i like weir's stuff, which resembles nicholas roeg's in being pregnant with subliminal dread. try "picnic at hanging rock" for an example of how to make a truly chilling movie with not a drop of blood.

this motion picture has a steady, haunting pace backed up with great acting (one of chamberlain's best performances) and a story that is revealed to us over time.beyond that, the music fully establishes the mood and assists in maintaining an uneasy, cautious and somber tone.weir's story is enhanced by using aboriginals, their stories and their tensions with the dominant white population to deliver a fantasy tale that is ominous.although they are unrelated in story as well as genre, this maintained the same feeling within me as ursula le guin's "lathe of heaven" (1980). "the last wave" is a dramatic thriller with some shocking moments. remember, "hacking and slicing" doesn't make a film a horror movie, it's the psychological element of fear and trepidation that rests within us all.

across the great divide which we call understanding, there is still much we do not know about that which was explained by the early tribal elders. in every instance, there is much concerning the dangers of knowing too much. conversely, there are those who warn us of not preparing for what they warn is the 'end time.' in this movie called " the last wave " an aboriginal native is murdered for no apparent reason. when those responsible are arrested, they remain silent less they disturb the order of things. david burton (richard chamberlain) plays the defense attorney assigned to defend the accused. although haunted by prophetic images from his own childhood and warned by modern signs given to him by an sympathetic aboriginal named chris lee (david gulpilil), burton proceeds to defend the infraction as tribal law and therefore not subject to standard justice. the movie is fraught with puzzling, dark foreboding images of apocalyptic end world disasters and warns of a future island tsunami and doom. black drama and deep rituals are what gives this film it's frightening allure and therefore is not for the faint-hearted, in fact the simplest haunting apparitions can last for years in the nightmares of innocent movie goers. good silent drama. ****

while to most people watching the movie, this will be of little interest, but out of the many hundreds of movies dealing with magic and the occult in one form or another, this one is probably the best in many ways.from the golem to the craft the subject seems to be of endless interest to the movie industry. the majority of movies which touch on it in any way do so childishly (for example "witchboard", a true piece of utter garbage in every way) either taking the transcendental elements as cheap excuses for cheesy special effects or cardboard cutout villians (cf "warlock"). more frequently the subject comes up in an hysterical religious context (in the various revelations-oriented movies, the antichrist is inevitably an advocate of some kind of new-age style practice). rarely, a movie seems to show at least some passing experience with magic as it is practiced in real life, but the presentation of the occult in such movies can at best be described as allegorical and not literal, or symbolic, or ... just not quite right.i watched this movie again after many years tonight. i had seen it before on vhs; it is a dark, moody piece, and after watching it on dvd, i would say if you have any intention to watch this movie, watch it on dvd, don't watch it on vhs.the darkness and moodiness are overpowering in vhs but in dvd the movie takes on a very different tone. i think weir pushed the dark aspects intentionally for style, but when the movie is converted to the lower color medium of vhs this goes over the edge. dvd brings the movie to life again and i saw it differently.anyway, seeing it as if for the first time, i realized that the treatment of magic is extremely good in this movie. it's difficult to go into all the reasons why, i don't care to take the time to do so.for anybody who's curious, anyway, if you want to see what it is like in real life, this movie is just very right on countless levels.and for anybody who isn't, you really wasted a lot of time reading to this point.

david burton(richard chamberlain, quite good)is a lawyer, more adept at handling corporate taxation(..and suffers from unusual dreams which bother him seeing this aboriginal man shrouded in darkness), who is called on to take a case concerning a group of aboriginals charged with the murder of one of their own named billy..we see that he tries to steal stones with ritual painting on them and is killed when a leader of an aboriginal tribe named charlie(nandjiwarra amagula)uses a "death bone" to stop his heart. meanwhile, revolving around david, bizarre weather patterns effect sydney such as rain beating down polluted dirt and rock-sized hail during bright blue skies(with no sights of clouds, such as the one that hits a school in central australia), not to mention, a "deformed" rainbow which is split(!)into groups. as david pursues the case he finds that he is far closer to the weird events taking place than he could ever realize. one aboriginal named chris(david gulpilil)appears to him in a dream holding a stone with blood and he finds that this man is one of those he is to represent at trial! he finds that it's quite possible, after some strange meetings with charlie and conversations with chris, that he very well might be linked to a spirit named mulkurul and that his dreams are actual premonitions of possible horrors yet to come.absorbing apocalyptic drama builds it's story methodically and is completely original and unpredictable. with peter weir in charge, the film is visually arresting as we see these very overwhelming images of possible doom towards civilization, but the film's most compelling angle is certainly david's journey to find that monumental truth that plagues him as he questions charlie and chris countlessly, at first to help his men get off from a crime they didn't commit, and ultimately to find out what he has to do with anything catastrophic that is occurring or might occur later.

'the last wave' is far more than the sum of its parts. it's not merely a disaster film, not simply an exploration into australian aboriginal spirituality, and certainly more than a simple court drama. writer/director peter weir manages to take these elements to the next level to produce a truly effective and thought-provoking film with the same eerie atmosphere he gave to 'picnic at hanging rock' two years earlier, that you will continue to remember years later.when lawyer david burton (chamberlain) is called to defend chris lee (gulpilil) over the death of an aboriginal for which he may or may not be directly responsible, he finds himself not merely struggling to get the truth from lee, but making sense of what he hears when it does come. as with the aboriginal belief that there are two worlds - the everyday and the dreamtime, the truth exists on two completely different levels, with ramifications more disastrous than burton could ever have imagined.no doubt the reason why 'picnic at hanging rock' is better remembered is because of its enduring mystery. we are led along the same path but forced to find answers for ourselves. in 'the last wave', we can piece everything together by the end of the film. however, even with all the information, we have to choose how much of it we want to believe, because the film takes us beyond the borders of our normal realities.on the production side, weir uses his budget to great effect, progressively building a sense of doom in everything from soft lighting, to heavy rain, to good use of sound. the incidental music is unobtrusive, never trying to be grandiose. richard chamberlain manages to convey the bafflement the audience would doubtless feel as he tries to unravel the mystery. david gulpilil excellently portrays a man trapped between two worlds, wanting to do the right thing, but afraid because he already knows the ending.put all these things together, and you have a perfect example of why david weir is a familiar name in cinema thirty years on. strongly recommended.

****spoiler alert**** all throughout australia the summer turned into a deluge of rain and hail stones the size of baseballs that was causing havoc in coastal cities like sydney. it's under these hectic conditions that tax lawyer david burton, richard chamberlain,got involved in a case, as a defense attorney, involving the death of a local aborigine who was found dead outside a sydney bar. having five fellow aborigines arrested for billy cormans,athol compton, death it's determined by the police coroner that billy died of drowning not by violence even though he had bruises on his neck and shoulders. yet the court decided to prosecute the five for his death charging them with manslaughter instead of murder.david defending the five gets no help from them in their defense with the accused assailants opting to remain quite and keep what happened to billy to themselves and take what's coming to them from the court. one of the defendants chris, david gulpili, begin to somehow invades david's dreams as if he want's to tell him what was really behind billy's death.david at first not taking his dreams of chris seriously begins to sense that their real when he meet him at the courthouse. chris confirms david's dreams by showing him a strange looking black rock that david saw chris have in his dreams. later meeting chris and, what turns out to be an aborigine shaman, charlie (nandjiwarna amagula) who came to his house that evening david is told that he, like charlie, has spiritual powers that he inherited from his mother's grandfather. those powers will reveal to him the future that has to do with the strange weather conditions that are flooding the australian continent. the earth,chris tells david, is going through a gigantic cleansing cycle with the old world about to be washed away and the new world ready to take it's place.david is confused about what both chris and charlie are telling him but as the rains continue to increase and the ocean waves start to rise he feels that something terrible is going to happen. david want's to know if it's all aborigine folklore or there's some scientific facts, or logic, behind their end of world-like revelations.by now it's obvious that both chris and charlie are members of an aborigine tribe right in the heart of modern sydney. that alone can get chris off, as well as his four friends, for the murder of billy. since the australian government will not prosecute tribal aborigines, leaving any justice to be done by the tribes themselves. still chris refuses to admit he's a member of a native tribe and he and his four friends are convicted of manslaughter in billy's death with the sentences to be handed down by the judge within days.david now determined to find out what was the reason for chris' silence, and why billy had to die, is taken by chris to the scene of the crime. it's there that david finds out that billy betrayed chris' tribe members by going there with billy not being a member of chris's aborigine tribe. it's also revealed to david that he himself has some kind of spiritual connection with the austrailan aborigines as both charlie and his step-father rev. burton,david parslow, told him. the stage is now set for the great and final cleansing cycle that david's been seeing in both his night-time dreams and day-time visions. it comes in the form of a massive tidal wave rolling out of the pacific ocean into the australian coast city of sydney and then submerges the entire continent.

peter weir's first international success, the last wave is a mainly effective chiller with a fascinating back story based on aboriginal myth. richard chamberlain gives a good performance as a defense lawyer whose life becomes increasingly unmoored from reality as he delves deeper into a murder case involving aboriginal tribal rivalries. david gulpilil plays one of the suspects, who does his best to guide chamberlin thru the realm of 'dreamtime', an alternate reality/timeline central to native australian history and tribal custom. heavy on atmosphere, deliberately ambiguous in plotting, the film builds to an unsettling finale which is somewhat diminished by poor effects, probably due to budgetary limitations. nevertheless an intriguing film whose overall impression of mystery and dread lurking just below the surface of what we perceive as 'reality' will stay with you.

this supernatural peter weir thriller is truly one of the most haunting and fascinating movies ever seen. richard chamberlain does his best performance here as the australian lawyer who defends a group of young aborigins accused of murder. as he gets closer on the case, he discovers more about the main defendant, chris, and not least about himself. chris tells him that he is a mulkurul, which appear to be a race of supernatural beings that lived in australia thousands of years ago. at the same time, extraordinary high rainfall seems to confirm the aboriginal prophecy of the coming of the last wave, the one that will drown the world.the dream sequences and the supernatural effects enhance this movie and make it a spectacular experience. olivia hamnett and david gulpilil are solid in the supporting roles, as well as the chap with the difficult name who plays charlie, the old aborigin who can turn into an owl. the climax and the ending don't disappoint, in contrast to many other supernatural thrillers who fall flat after a promising hour or so. however, this can not be called a pure thriller. it is a drama as well and talks about spirituality and spiritual identity in the modern world. a masterful work by peter weir, the master of visually stunning dramas.

"the last wave" is one of those movies that relies heavily on the mind. the title refers to the aboriginal doomsday theory: there will be one last wave that wipes out everything.david burton (richard chamberlain) is a sydney lawyer hired to defend some aborigines accused of murder. around this time, there has been unusually heavy rainfall in australia. while defending the aborigines, david learns the last wave theory, and begins to wonder whether it's just mythology.the movie's last sequence is a metaphor for descending into the depths of one's mind. peter weir created a perplexing, but thought-provoking, movie. aboriginal actor david gulpilil (whom you may have seen in "walkabout", "crocodile dundee" and "rabbit-proof fence") provides an interesting supporting role as one of the defendants.if you get a chance, watch the "making of" feature on the dvd. peter weir explains some of the film's undertones, some of which relate to richard chamberlain's background.

richard chamberlain is david burton, a tax lawyer living in sydney, australia who is drawn into a murder trial defending five aboriginal men accused of murdering a fellow native in peter weir's apocalyptic 1977 thriller the last wave. taking up where picnic at hanging rock left off, the film goes deeper into exploring the unknown and, in the process, shows the gulf between two cultures who live side by side but lack understanding of each others culture and traditions. weir shows how white society considers the native beliefs to be primitive superstitions and believes that since they are living in the cities and have been "domesticated", their tribal laws and culture no longer apply. from the start, burton is drawn deeper and deeper into a strange web of visions and symbols where the line between real time and "dream time" evaporates. water plays an important symbolic role in the film from the opening sequence in which a sudden thunder and hailstorm interrupts a peaceful school recess to burton's discovery that his bathtub is overflowing and water is pouring down his steps. as violent and unusual weather continue with episodes of black rain and mud falling from the sky, the contrast between the facile scientific explanations of the phenomenon and the intuitive understanding of the natives is made clear. burton and his wife annie (olivia hamnet) study books about the aborigines and learn about the role of dreams in the tribal traditions. when he invites one of his clients chris lee (david gulpilil) to his home for dinner, he is disturbed to find that he is the subject of an inquiry by chris and his friend charlie (nadjiwarra amagula), an enigmatic aborigine sorcerer involved with the defendants. as burton's investigation continues, his clients make his work difficult by refusing to disclose the true events surrounding the murder.after chris starts to appear in his dreams, burton is convinced that the aborigine was killed in a tribal ritual because "he saw too much", though chris refuses to acknowledge this in court. burton, becoming more and more troubled by a mystery he cannot unravel, says to his stepfather priest, "why didn't you tell me there were mysteries?" this is a legitimate question but, according to the reverend, the church answers all mysteries. burton knows now that he must discover the truth for himself and enters the tribal underground caves. though we do not know for certain what is real and what is a dream, he comes face to face with his deepest fears in a haunting climax that will leave you pondering its meaning into the wee hours of the morning.in this period of history in which native hopi and mayan prophecies predict the "end of history" and the purification of man leading to the fifth world, the last wave, though 25 years old, is still timely. the aborigines are portrayed as a vibrant culture, not one completely subjugated by the white man, yet i am troubled by the gnawing feeling that we are looking in but not quite seeing. weir has opened our eyes to the mystery that lies beyond our consensual view of reality, but he perpetuates the doom-orientation that sees possibility only in terms of fear, showing nature as a dark and uncontrollable power without a hint of the spiritual beauty that lives on both sides of time.

this is one of my all-time favorite films, and while it may move too slowly for some, it's well worth seeing. a corporate lawyer (richard chamberlain) is dragged into a case involving "city" aborigines, and this is no ordinary case. ok, a man has died but it wasn't exactly a normal killing. there has also been a greater than average amount of rain lately, and the atmosphere of most of the film is somewhat claustrophobic & oppressive. the aborigines are harboring a secret and refuse to spill the beans. this has a lot to do with white men making assumptions about "city" vs. "tribal" aborigines, and of course no abo in the big city would practice tribal ways. uh huh. chamberlain is having strange dreams and he is somehow the key to what's happening, although no matter how many times i've seen this i can't quite grasp the exact connection. this is a very eerie and creepy film, and is a fine example of peter weir's ability to create tension out of nothing. the ending is a little ambiguous but i take it literally, it's the easiest way out and the scariest. 10 out of 10 and highly recommended.

typical de palma movie made with lot's of style and some scene's that will bring you to the edge of your seat.most certainly the thing that makes this movie better as the average thriller, is the style. it has some brilliantly edited scene's and some scene's that are truly nerve wrecking that will bring you to the edge of your seat. the best scene's from the movie; the museum scene and the elevator murder. there are some mild erotic scene's and the movies pace might not be fast enough for the casual viewer to fully appreciate this movie. so this movie might not be suitable for everybody.the story itself is also quite good but it really is the style that makes the movie work! it might be for the fans only but also casual viewers should appreciate the well build up tension in the movie.there are some nice character portrayed by a good cast. michael caine is an interesting casting choice and angie dickinson acts just as well as she is good looking (not bad for a 49-year old!).the musical score by pino donaggio is also typically de palma like and suits the movie very well, just like his score for the other de palma movie, "body double".brilliant nerve wrecking thriller. i love de palma!10/10

*** out of ****yep! dressed to kill is that kind of a movie. it's like kalifornia, but it's different. remember? that movie from 1993 which stars brad pitt as a serial killer who is "welcomed" by a couple of travelers in a trip to california as a buddy who might be a good company along the way. when i watch a movie, i always like not to know anything at all about the plot, before watching it, because the surprises may get even cooler. that's how it was with kalifornia. when i watched it last year for the first time, i never realized it was a suspense movie, so when i found out, i was shocked, and when the movie went on and on, it got even better and i was at the edge of my seat, almost kissing my monitor, so close i was to it! so, we're discussing about dressed to kill, right? before i watched this movie (today!), i've only watched 2 others movies from brian de palma, so i can say i don't really know that well his works, but can tell from afar that these 2 movies for me were as great as they could be. carrie (1976) and mission:impossible (1996). when i watched carrie on the tv, i was really that desperate to get a dvd copy and i can tell: this movie is great! mission:impossible also. and today, i watched a third movie from depalma. well, dressed to kill is a movie like kalifornia. when the movie goes on, it goes completely different than what you'd expect. i was watching, very curious, the scene of the museum, where dickinson follows the mysterious man to his cab and they end together in an apartment room. you may guess what may have happened there. but when the movie reached the scene of the elevator, the movie went completely on a different path. i was watching the rest of the movie, and i really liked it. however, there are some low points... some characters in the movie are completely silent! take, for example, the mysterious man from the museum scene. i was always hoping that he could say something but he never did! this was totally ridiculous and was with no doubt something that made me change my mind by not accepting this movie as at least almost something as a masterpiece. even in the cab scene, where dickinson tries to apologize because of what happened in the museum, the completely silent man grabs her, pulls her inside the cab, and they start kissing each other. you know, it reminded me of the mexican tv series of the 70's "el chavo del 8", where some characters are completely silent. getting past these low points of the movie, it is actually a great movie, considering the suspense, the characters and the plot. dennis franz is cool as detective marino! reminded me of him as capt. carmine lorenzo in die hard 2 (1990) where he plays almost the same kind of character. well, concluding this review, the ending of dressed to kill is the same ending as it is in carrie! i don't know if i really liked that, because i hate imitations! i understand that carrie is a movie from depalma, so it's not actually an imitation, because after all it was his idea! but it turned to be a repetitive idea in dressed to kill, so depalma could have done something different instead of showing nancy allen waking up from a bad dream the same way it happens to amy irving at the ending scene of carrie. this was, of course, with no doubt, another low point. but if you get past this, you will find that dressed to kill is a really good movie, and i assure you that it's not, by any means, a waste of time watching it.

in what must be one of the most blood-freezing movies ever, a transvestite is murdering people in new york, and the answer to everything may not be what people suspect. one can see how brian depalma takes some influence from hitchcock with camera angles and stuff. michael caine plays a most thought-provoking character, while angie dickinson is basically a bored rich woman with a bad hairdo. keith gordon (who later starred in "christine") is probably the most interesting character in the movie. but you can't really understand this movie without seeing it. and after seeing it, you may never know just whom you can trust. also starring nancy allen and dennis franz.

the fact that the movie is predictable is not a problem. this movie is like a beautiful painting to be enjoyed. the museum scene is like a nice music video. the apres sex scene is an all too familiar scene in all of our adult lives. but the movie would not hold any interest for me without keith gordon. keith gordon is maybe one of the most underrated actors of our time. almost everything i know about acting came from studying mostly his eyes. he had the most compelling face. his character possesses the qualities i look in a guy, sensitivity and dedication. keith gordon is gorgeous. btw, i kinda wish he'd shave his beard now as his lips, jawline and adam's apple were his prettiest set next to his eyes.

this is probably one of brian de palma's best known movies but it isn't his best. body double, the fury and carrie are better movies but this movie is better than blow out and obsession. de palma is very influenced by hitchcock and this movie is a take off on psycho. angie dickinson is a bored housewife who is thinking of having an affair and after her psychiatrist, played by michael caine, turns down an offer, dickinson meets a man in a art gallery and she winds up sleeping with him. after this point it's best you don't know what happens but there is a murder and nancy allen is a call girl who gets a look at the killer. dennis franz is the detective on the case who really doesn't trust allen and she has to find the killer herself. it's a pretty good movie but isn't one of de palma's best.

brian de palma's undeniable virtuosity can't really camouflage the fact that his plot here is a thinly disguised "psycho" carbon copy, but he does provide a genuinely terrifying climax. his "blow out", made the next year, was an improvement.

writer-director brian de palma is best known for his string of films that have been called, somewhat unfairly, "hitchcock imitations." contrary to popular belief, de palma doesn't rip-off hitchcock; he borrows story or character elements that may have been seen in a hitchcock film and then expands on them in a more violent, modern way. like hitchcock, de palma is known for mixing blood-soaked death with macabre humor."dressed to kill," made way back in 1980, is, perhaps, de palma's most well-known hitchcockian film, and it's probably his best as well. the story involves a cross-dressing serial killer stalking both a burnt-out housewife (played by angie dickinson) and a street-wise hooker (played by nancy allen).yes, it will remind you distinctly of "psycho," but de palma's flick is just as technically ingenious and darkly creative. the museum sequence is particularly well-scored and edited; the elevator stab scene is also one of the most uniquely shot murders ever put on film. "dressed to kill" may not be a complete original, but i'd say it's definitely worth your time. rated r. 105 minutes. 9 out of 10.

"dressed to kill" is brian depalma's best film, an absolute thrill ride of suspense, humor and style that remains unrivaled today. depalma has a bum rap in hollywood, as most people claim that he rips off alfred hitchcock. he does not. hitchcock could only dream of what depalma shows in his thrillers.sadly, the original uncut version of "dressed to kill" is no longer available on video. the current copy released by goodtimes is the jack valenti approved r rated cut. but some copies of depalma's original cut still exist. it is the one distributed by warner home video, in both a green cardboard box with angie dickinson on the cover, or in a black clamshell case with the theatrical poster on silver lining. these are the ones to get, if you can find a copy. i have the green one and it is among my treasured possessions.anyway, back to the story. dickinson plays kate miller, a sexually frustrated wife who is being treated by dr. robert elliott ( michael caine) for her obsessive fantasies. while on a trip to the museum (a real tour-de-force for depalma in terms of camera work and suspense), miller is picked up by a stranger. you can pretty much guess what happens to her, since the ads and box art give away the story. but there are a few complications. a hooker (nancy allen) is the sole witness to the murder. kate miller's son peter (keith gordon) is a teenage genius determined to solve the crime. and dr. elliott's answering machine has a certain message on it...about a missing razor...i'm not spoiling the film at all for you since what i have described above takes place within the opening half hour and depalma's biggest surprises are reserved for the last hour. this film is explicit, however, enough for valenti (head of the mpaa) to demand cuts in the film. what surprises me is what cuts he wanted. several cuts in the opening shower scene and one or two slashing scenes and some of nancy allen's dialogue (valenti wanted "cock" changed to "bulge"). this is a film that is very violent and bloody, yet the objections are to sexual content. i'd love to hear valenti's explaination at how seeing two women in a tender love scene in "lost and delirious" is somehow more damaging to a young mind than arnold schwarzenegger blowing away people with a chain gun. it just isn't fair.what makes "dressed to kill" so good is that not only are the technical credits first rate, but the performances are very good as well. michael caine, who was in a lot of crap in this time period, gives one of his best performances as the doctor. angie dickinson is better than usual, possibly because she actually has a strong role here. nancy allen adds this to her range of performances that has her pegged as one of the most underrated and overlooked actresses in the world. keith gordon is wonderful as the genius and i loved all those inventions of his.depalma is one of our best directors who has never received the recognition he deserved. the recent joke of the afi 100 best thrillers list showed that very few people actually know what a thriller is. if they were to actually open their eyes for once, they would see that depalma has staked his career in thrillers and is actually the best craftsman. this is even better than "psycho". it's a shame that very few actually know that.**** out of 4 stars

"dressed to kill" is surely one of the best horror/thriller movies ever made.it's taut,stylish and extremely suspenseful mixture of sex and violence.the acting is pretty good,the orchestral score by pino donaggio is unforgettable and there's plenty of surprises to keep thriller fans intrigued."dressed to kill" is a murder mystery that involves a sexually frustrated housewife(angie dickinson),her teenage son(keith gordon),her psychoanalyst(michael caine),and a high price call girl(nancy allen).the murderer in the film is a transsexual named bobbi who is also one of caine's patients.the film is full of breathtaking moments:the infamous elevator murder scene is extremely stylish and pretty gory as well.highly recommended.

the film gets my stamp of approval. the scene in the museum demands acting without dialogue. this is one of the most interesting and unique scenes in the history of film. dickinson's character kate is very well developed and her performance is felt throughout the entire film. the best work angie dickinson did since point blank!

i just finished watching dressed to kill,which is written and directed by brian de palma.the dvd had both the"r" rated version and the unrated version.i chose the unrated version.since i have yet to view the "r" rated version,i can't be completely sure of the difference.there is however a very graphic graphic female nudity including a scene of explicit expression of self gratification in this version.i guess you could call this scene soft core porn.if this sort of thing may offend you,i would suggest you view the "r" rated version.but i digress.any comment from here on refers to the unrated version.this is a murder mystery/ psychological horror/suspense movie.there is very little violence and blood.there is however one death sequence of note.the act of the killing itself is fairly graphic.however the blood it self does not look real.it is reminiscent of how a 70's slasher film would look.i believe this is done deliberately to offset the violence of the act itself,to give the scene a low budget feel.most of the violence,or rather possibility of such,is implied.the film is very well paced.as far as i can tell every scene had a purpose,which i find very rare when compared to many of today's films. anyway,i also thought the acting was good,especially angie dickinson.and micheal cane turns in a quietly understated performance in his role,which works brilliantly in this case.the movie also has one great twist in it,in my mind,although some people might find it predictable.the only complaint(and it's really more of an observation)i have is that i thought the character played by nancy allen could have been fleshed out more,especially considering she has a fair amount of screen time.but i think she does a good job with what she is given.and this doesn't really take away from the quality of the film.the film also has a strong moral to it,which is even more relevant today.but the movie doesn't hit you over the head with it.i also really liked the musical score,composed by pino dinaggioi felt it was very similar to the music in the original psycho.to me,this music really elevated the movie.i thought this movie was brilliant.for me,dressed to kill(1980)is 10/10

a very silly movie, this starts with a soft porn sequence, ventures into farcelike comedy in the art gallery, adds a shocker of a discovery in the hotel room then introduces a random murder for no obvious reason.what follows is bizarre and surreal (the stopwatch scene in particular is exquisitely unnecessary), culminating in a revelatory "twist" ending which is as obvious as it is unfair on the viewer (see the trivia section for precisely why it's deliberately unfair).the movie goes out of its way to be offensive to as many groups as possible - transsexuals, the insane, and the wonderful "huggie bear"-style racial stereotyping on the subway - and condescendingly treats the viewer like an idiot in the closing scenes, as characters endlessly explain to one another in great detail and over and over again what just happened in the film. though the background female characters in the restaurant scene at the end are a joy to watch.in fact, the whole movie is a joy to watch: despite its many, many flaws, the whole package just, well, works.

may contain minor spoilers.dressed to kill, having just seen it for the first time the other day, is a movie with some terrific sequences, some decent performances, and a nice, though obvious hitchcock ripoff, plot twist at the end. it's just too bad certain things, quite obvious, prevent it from being a classic.dressed to kill deals with a mystery of a killer who has slain at least two women (could have been more but the movie never tells us), and the search for the killer by three people: a brainy kid whose mom was a victim, a lively hooker whose the only one who can identify the killer, and a psychiatrist whose patient was the slained brainy kid's mother. there are a host of well done performances including nancy allen as the hooker liz, angie dickenson as the sexually frustrated victim kate miller, and micheal caine as doctor rober elliot whose has more hidden than meets the eye; though by no standard is anyone really outstanding. on the other hand denis franz, later to be a great character along the same lines on the hit show nypd blue, is embarrassing as an over-exaggerated, ruthless, hateful detective, though he takes little screen time so it doesn't hurt the movie that much. keith gordon, the brain child, is decent, but is almost too smart to really be believable.what sticks with me the most in the film are the tense sequences. the scene with the sexually frustrated mother at the museum is gripping and well done, as is the later sequence leading to her untimely death. i also love the sequence at the doctor's office, that reveals the identity of the killer, which really makes the whole film come together at once. and there's a split screen scene that i thought was almost classic. still there's another situation when liz is on a train, running from what may be the killer, that gets taken in directions it should never had with almost embarrassing racial stereotypes. as a thriller it's tense and quite often believable. as a crime drama it often falters, especially with the incomplete, ridiculous explanation of everything that happened in the end. there's also a needless, and way too long, dream sequence at the end, in which they had the audacity to shoot someone's foot for what seemed minutes at a time. this was an up and down experience; one scene would catch me by the heart and mind with enticement, and the next would make me squirm and ask why. at more than 100 minutes this could have been under 90 and been a better film.scary movie fans should like this. it still stands as a better film than most of today's slasher flicks. maybe it was a better film in it's time, but having just seen it recently i can say i enjoy it, and it is worth watching for my three favorite scenes alone.

dressed to kill starts off with kate miller (angie dickinson) having a sexually explicit nightmare, later on that day she visits her psychiatrist dr. robert elliott (michael caine) for a session in which she admits to be sexually frustrated & unfulfilled in her current marriage. kate then visits a museum & picks up a stranger, they go back to his apartment for casual sex, when done kate is set to leave but is attacked & killed in the buildings elevator by a razor blade wielding blonde woman. prostitute liz blake (nancy allen) discovers the gruesome scene & sees the killer but manages to escape. detective marino (dennis franz) says he suspects liz as being the killer as there are no other witnesses so liz teams up with kate's son peter (keith gordon) to track down the real killer, clear liz's name & see that justice is done...written & directed by brian de palma i thought dressed to kill was a good solid psychological murder mystery. the script is measured & slow at times but it likes to focus on the character's so you really know them, the entire first twenty minutes is just developing kate as a character before she is suddenly killed off, then the film switches it's attentions to liz & no one else gets a look in. this way dressed to kill is quite absorbing & engaging, unfortunately the character's themselves aren't exactly likable. i found some of the dialogue quite funny at times, especially the dirty talk that liz spouts occasionally. the killers motives are somewhat plausible but i guess you'd have to be pretty messed up to do anything suggested in dressed to kill. it's a good film but it didn't excite me that much & i didn't really find any character to root for or like. the film tacks on a needless & unnecessary twist ending that i didn't really see the point of.director de palma directs with style & visual flair, from the art museum sequence to a car chase & as a whole it's impeccably filmed throughout. i'd imagine that every shot in dressed to kill had a great deal of thought put into it. i felt the film was a bit flat & uninspired at times though, nothing about it really excited me that much. there is a fair bit of nudity, some sex & rape along with a few bits of gore & violence, kate's murder by razor blade in the elevator being the highlight, if that's the right word. however, it's by no means as shocking or controversial when viewed today as many would have you believe.with a supposed budget of about $6,500,000 dressed to kill has that glossy high production value feel of a hollywood film. the new york locations are nice, the cinematography is good & as a whole it's extremely well made. i thought the music was inappropriate & was far to loud & intrusive. the acting is ok but despite his top billing i didn't think caine had that much screen time. allen was married to director de palma at the time dressed to kill was made, interestingly out of the four films she appeared in made by de palma in two of them, this & blow out (1981), he cast her as a prostitute... a body double was used for dickinson as she pleasures herself in a shower at the start.dressed to kill is a good thriller that is well worth watching but i didn't think it quite lived up to it's lofty reputation. good but not brilliant.

de palma's technique had hit its high maturity by the time of this film, which is a wonderful showcase of his classic techniques, though unfortunately, as with many of the films written by de palma himself, the story serves the meta more than the interests of putting forth an emotionally compelling tale. the story opens with a crazy scene in which angie dickinson masturbates in a shower while she looks at her husband. she is then grabbed and raped while he husband stands obliviously near-and the whole thing is revealed to be angie's fantasy as he husband is pumping mindlessly away at her in bed. she has a short scene with her son, a dead ringer for harry potter, which concludes with a joke that "she'll tell grandma that he is playing with his peter." she then goes to her therapy session, where she complains about her dead marriage, before attempting to seduce her therapist, michael caine. he refuses, and she is hurt and feeling unattractive and unfulfilled.then begins a bravura 22-minute nearly wordless sequence that is perhaps the highlight of the film. among the many things de palma gleaned from hitchcock is the understanding of film as a purely visual medium of telling stories and in typical de palma fashion, he turns this into a way to show off his formidable skill. the problem, for me, is that in this instance one begins to feel that scenes are being needlessly protracted simply to further show off the director's skill. the sequence begins with angie at an art museum. she watches strangers, all involved in sexual or family activities, then begins to get turned on to a man sitting next to her. de palma very skillfully tells an extremely complicated narrative without a single word about angie's attraction, embarrassment, retreating, and finally finding and submitting to the stranger in the back of a taxi cab, all set to a wonderfully lush score by pino donaggio, who also scored carrie.in the second part of the sequence angie has slept with the guy, and gets up to return to her husband. again de palma crams a ton of narrative in without a word of dialogue uttered, as angie realizes that she doesn't have her panties, that her husband is already home and no doubt wondering where she is, that she has probably contracted a venereal disease, and that she has lost her engagement ring somewhere in the shuffle. it's all very admirable, but one begins to feel a little strung along as we are forced to do things like take a long elevator ride down from the seventh floor, then up again, almost in real time....spoilers from here on out! when angie reaches the seventh floor again, she is killed by a big woman with blond hair. the woman hacks away at her until she reaches the ground floor, when the door opens and nancy allen sees her there. there is a wonderful slow-motion sequence as nancy reaches into the elevator, angie reaches up toward her, and the killer's blade is held poised to slash nancy's hands. then follow some electrifying shots as nancy looks up and sees the killer in the elevators convex mirror. it's all good, and by the time we have some dialogue again, you think; "woah, that was just 22 straight minutes of purely visual narrative!" or maybe you don't, but i do.a younger dennis franz has a great part as a sleazy and tough new york detective who would rather that everyone else do his work for him. he interviews michael caine, making the outrageous implication (though it passes as commonplace) that angie wanted to be killed. angie's son is there as well, and he hooks up with nancy, and they set about to spy on caine's therapist and find out who the killer is.once again there is a strong tie to a hitchcock film, in this case psycho (just as obsession is a re-working of vertigo). you have a woman who we are supposed to understand is secretly a slut, who gets killed in the first 30 minutes in an enclosed space, in this case an elevator rather than a shower. then the relatives of the deceased conduct an investigation, which reveals that the killer is a man who dresses as a woman to kill. de palma even throws in a doctor at the end who explains the psychology of the whole thing. it is very interesting, but at the same time a viewer can begin to feel a bit jerked around, and that is my primary reservation about this film. it is definitely essential viewing and showcases some of de palma's greatest setpieces, but that feeling that the story is running a solid third behind the need for de palma to show off and his somewhat unseemly sexual fantasies makes it hard to look back on this one with whole-hearted affection.--- check out other reviews on my website of bad and cheesy movies, cinema de merde, cinemademerde.com

dressed to kill understandably made a bit of a ruckus when first released in 1980: you had "police girl" in a role that was mega-erotic, as angie dicknson played a sexually frustrated housewife looking for good times in all the wrong museums (and there into apartment elevators), plus nancy allen as a call-girl, michael caine as norman bates's sophisticated new york cousin, and enough lurid imagery to last two movies of the period. today it's slightly less incriminating by standards and such, though the unrated version has some of the most "hot" content of any of de palma's films, at least in his quasi-auteur period of the 70s and early 80s, where he seemed to repeat themes over and over, ideas taken right off the film-reels of hitchcock classics and given a tawdry uplift. it's a simple tale that one partly already saw in sisters, and then again to an extent in body double, and also in blow out. cutie allen plays call-girl liz blake, who has to clear her name of suspicion of killing kate (dickinson, in full blown 'milf' mode), after being found with a razor, the murder weapon from dr. elliott's office (michael caine, stone-cold performance most of the way).from the start, which de palma seems to do as a way of setting up a dangerous sexual fantasy scene as a way of topping the opening scene of carrie (which, perhaps, he does just in editing terms), we get a series of technical knock-out turns through the point of view of style itself: the tracking shots in the museum, meant to stir up more of a fascination with the process itself, of following and wanting to be followed, than any kind of tension; the chase through the subway (a precursor to carlito's way) is done with a precise level of suspense, meanwhile, with a slightly exploitation bit thrown in with the black gang; the character of peter, kate's son (keith gordon), who plays what is essentially a younger version of the real life de palma as a kid (science geek, obsessed with hitchcock and voyeurism). and it's all entertaining and entrancing as hell as something that comes close to a real synthesis of what makes de palma's thrillers so unique while being so self-consciously untainted by a fearless attitude of film-making.on the other hand, that same self-consciousness ended up coming back to bite the director in the butt a few times in recent years, and somehow in dressed to kill it starts to become very erratic and disappointing as the story has to wrap itself up. as the psycho themes come together even more apparently (man who wants a sex-change, doesn't even think he's killing as it is *she* who is doing it), there is an expository scene in the police station that makes the aforementioned hitch film look like an astonishing psychological revelation. and the final scenes at peter's house, also calling painfully into recollection a much more accomplished sequence in carrie, are meant for a manipulation that even for de palma is asking for it; the final shot especially, albeit a master's class in how to copy yourself. yet there is a very deranged and, within itself, perfect scene at the mental hospital amid this confused denouement, where the doctor does some work on a nurse, to which all the other inmates act like animals in a zoo, and an over-head shot going up and up over the scene is one of the best shots of sexual/general perversion ever captured on film.a shame then that the film ends on such a strange and unsettling manner, where up until then it is a remarkable piece of pulp cinema, where class is all around in the technical aspects (soft lighting, intricate camera movements seemingly so simple) amid subject matter that should be found in the mix of paperbacks for 25 cents. it's no masterpiece, but i'd certainly take it over most of the director's recent thrillers any day.

dressed to kill (1980) is a mystery horror film from brian de palma and it really works.the atmosphere is right there.the atmosphere that makes you scared.and isn't that what a horror film is supposed to do.all the actors are in the right places.michael caine is perfect as dr. robert elliott, the shrink with a little secret.angie dickinson as kate miller, the sexually frustrated mature woman is terrific.keith gordon as her son peter is brilliant.nancy allen as liz blake the call girl is fantastic.dennis franz does his typical detective role.his detective marino is one of the most colorful in this movie.there are plenty of creepy scenes in this movie.the elevator scene is one of them.there have been made comparisons between this and alfred hitchcock's psycho (1960).there are some similarities between these two movies.both of these movies may cause some sleepless nights.

intelligent, stylish, and compelling thriller from the great brian de palma is a modern classic that firmly ranks among his best films!when troubled housewife is brutally murdered by a bizarre stranger, the victim's son joins with a prostitute to uncover the killer.dressed to kill left a strong impression upon the audiences of its day and for good reason. de palma creates a wonderfully dramatic story that begins with an intriguing setup and builds into a harrowing mystery full of strong suspense. the finale and conclusion are especially 'nightmarish'.it's a truly edge of your seat shocker. even more impressive though is de palma's elegant direction that gives this film not only tight suspense but a unique and dark atmosphere of its own. dressed to kill is also a very erotic film, but mainly in a strangely beautiful way. pino donaggio also lends a lovely musical score to the film.the cast is another strong feature of this film. michael cain does a terrific turn as a psychiatrist. angie dickenson is wonderful as the ill-fated housewife. nancy allen's performance as an involved street-walker is solid. a young keith gordon also proves to be a worthy supporter as the investigating son.many criticize de palma's films for having hitchcockian elements and this film was no exception. but any similarities between hitchcocks works and de palmas can only be seen as a good quality, as calling this film a 'rip-off' would be degrading to a fine thriller. dressed to kill is a must see for all cinema fans.**** out of ****

"dressed to kill" has been more or less forgotten in critical circles in the past 20 years, but it is a true american classic, a film which is much more than just a glossy thriller.i sincerely hope the dvd release will give more people the chance to hear about it and see it.

this is a taut suspenseful masterpiece from brian de palmawith amazing performances all around!. it's extremely suspenseful, and often scary, and the score is fantastic, plus all the characters were awesome. yes it rips off psycho a lot, however it's still a brilliantly made horror/thriller, with a fantastic opening and a shocking and unpredictable finale!. this is unquestionably one of the best horror/thrillers i have ever seen, and the elevator scene is one of the most memorable scenes ever, plus michael caine is simply amazing in this!. the ending is excellent, and the hospital scene near the end is absolutely terrifying, plus the end twist shocked the hell out of me!. it never failed to creep me out, and the stalk sequences are absolutely brilliant, plus nancy allen and keith gordon had fantastic chemistry together!. this is a taut suspenseful masterpiece from brian de palma, with amazing performances all around!. the direction is incredible!. brian de palma does an incredible job here, with amazing camera work, incredible angles, fantastic use of colors, awesome zoom in's and zoom out's great pov shots and keeping the film at a very very fast pace!. there is a bit of blood. we get bloody stabbings, knifing's, bloody gunshot wounds,and 2 bloody slit throats.the acting is amazing!. michael caine is amazing here, he is amazing in the acting department, creepy, is very likable, was mysterious, and really just did an amazing job overall i loved him! (caine rules!). angie dickinson gives a memorable performance here, and was quite beautiful, and had good chemistry with caine. nancy allen is stunningly gorgeous!, and is fantastic here, she is extremely likable as the hooker, had excellent chemistry with keith gordon, and put on a tremendous show!. keith gordon is very good as the kid, he had excellent chemistry with nancy allen, and was very likable!. dennis franz is good as the detective. overall this is unquestionably one of the best horror films ever made, and i say drop what your doing immediately and go see it!. ***** out of 5

"dressed to kill", is one of the best thrillers ever made. its dealings with sex and violence make this a film for adults. brian de palma, once again, proves why no other director can match his use of the camera to tell a story. he directs many scenes without dialog, and he tells much of his story, strictly through the use of his visuals, and pino donnagio's brilliant score. filmed in panavision, the film must be seen in widescreen, as de palma uses the entire width of the film to tell his story. cropped, on video, "dressed to kill", is barely the same movie. solid performances from its cast, superb direction, and, perhaps, the finest film score ever written, make "dressed to kill" a must see.

in france, it's considered polite from french critics to genuflect to the apparently cohesive chain of films brian de palma left behind him. however, a good proportion of his films are marred by bombastic effects "carrie" (1976), "the fury" (1978) "scarface" (1983) without mentioning his borrowings from hitchcock. here, in "dressed to kill", it's impossible not to think of "vertigo" (1958) for the long sequence in the museum while the key moment in the lift makes inevitably think of the shower anthology sequence in "psycho" (1960). about our involved film, i don't want to revive the old debate: does de palma rip off hitchcock? instead, i would tend to be generous and to classify "dressed to kill" in the category of de palma's winners alongside "sisters" (1973) and "obssession" (1976). with however some reservations and they're the ones i previously enumerated which fuel the bickering between de palma's rabid fans and his detractors.if there's one sure thing in "dressed to kill" which can generate general agreement among film-lovers, it's de palma's virtuosity in directing. he wields his camera just like a filmmaker expert is supposed to do. his sophisticated camera work brilliantly fuels the suspense which entails a rise of the tension and a discomforting aura. the audience is easily glued in front of the screen. this is helped by the use of several long silent sequences during which everything depends on looks and gestures. by the way, in "psycho", there were also long silent, suspenseful parts...but the main drawback in de palma's 1980 vintage is that the quality of the plot can't be found wanting and appears to be a rehash of many formulaic, corny ingredients pertaining to an incalculable number of murder stories. the prostitute is the sole witness of the crime. then, she's suspected by the police and has to act on her own (with a little help from the victim's son from the scene in the subway onwards)) to track down the murderer and to prove her innocence. apart from the fact that de palma uses a type of character who for once isn't demeaned at all, it's a menu which smells the reheated. and the filmmaker ends his film on a sequence that echoes to the opening one. yes, it's superbly filmed but when one discovers its real function, one figures: "it's almost gratuitous filler". perhaps de palma wanted to stretch his film beyond one hour and a half when at this time the viewer knows (and even before) who the killer is.the two central mainsprings in de palma's set of themes articulate hinges on manipulation and voyeurism. the latter theme is well present in "dressed to kill" from the first scene onwards which makes the film almost look like a soft porn movie. and the filmmaker isn't afraid to film his main actress and wife nancy allen in her underwear. i find his approach about this theme rather doubtful. but maybe the first sequence was conceived to be a mirror of the viewer and de palma wanted to stir his peeping tom side.i don't want to demean at all de palma's work. his prestigious work in directing which entails a communicative treat to film redeems the global weakness of the story and its doubtful aspects. twenty six years after, the controversy he aroused amid movie-goers isn't ready to subside.

kate miller (angie dickinson) is having problems in her marriage and otherwise--enough to see a psychologist. when her promiscuity gets her into trouble, it also involves a bystander, liz blake (nancy allen), who becomes wrapped up in an investigation to discover the identity of a psycho killer.dressed to kill is somewhat important historically. it is one of the earlier examples of a contemporary style of thriller that as of this writing has extensions all the way through hide and seek (2005). it's odd then that director brian de palma was basically trying to crib hitchcock. for example, de palma literally lifts parts of vertigo (1958) for dressed to kill's infamous museum scene. dressed to kill's shower scenes, as well as its villain and method of death have similarities to psycho (1960). de palma also employs a prominent score with recurrent motifs in the style of hitchcock's favorite composer bernard herrmann. the similarities do not end there.but de palma, whether by accident or skill, manages to make an oblique turn from, or perhaps transcend, his influence, with dressed to kill having an attitude, structure and flow that has been influential. maybe partially because of this influence, dressed to kill is also deeply flawed when viewed at this point in time. countless subsequent directors have taken their hitchcock-like de palma and honed it, improving nearly every element, so that watched now, after 25 years' worth of influenced thrillers, much of dressed to kill seems agonizingly paced, structurally clunky and plot-wise inept.one aspect of the film that unfortunately hasn't been improved is dressed to kill's sex and nudity scenes. both dickinson and allen treat us to full frontal nudity (allen's being from a very skewed angle), and de palma has lingering shots of dickinson's breasts, strongly implicit masturbation, and more visceral sex scenes than are usually found in contemporary films. quite a few scenes approach soft-core porn. i'm no fan of prudishness--quite the opposite. our culture's puritanical, monogamistic, sheltered attitude towards sex and nudity is disturbing to me. so from my perspective, it's lamentable that dressed to kill's emphasis on flesh and its pleasures is one of the few aspects in which others have not strongly followed suit or trumped the film. perhaps it has been desired, but they have not been allowed to follow suit because of cultural controls from conservative stuffed shirts.de palma's direction of cinematography and the staging of some scenes are also good enough that it is difficult to do something in the same style better than de palma does it. he has an odd, characteristic approach to close-ups, and he's fond of shots from interesting angles, such as overhead views and james whale-like tracking across distant cutaways in the sets. of course later directors have been flashier, but it's difficult to say that they've been better. viewed for film-making prowess, at least, the museum scene is remarkable in its ability to build very subtle tension over a dropped glove and a glance or two while following kate through the intricately nested cubes of the metropolitan museum of art.on the other hand, from a point of view caring about the story, and especially if one is expecting to watch a thriller, everything through the museum scene and slightly beyond might seem too slow and silly. because of its removal from the main genre of the film and its primary concern with directorial panache (as well as cultural facts external to the film), the opening seems like a not very well integrated attempt to titillate and be risqué. once the first murder occurs, things improve, but because of the film's eventual influence, much of the improvement now seems a bit clichéd and occasionally hokey.the performances are mostly good, although michael caine is underused, and dickinson has to exit sooner than we'd like (but the exit is necessary and very effective). dressed to kill is at least likely to hold your interest until the end, but because of facts not contained in the picture itself, hasn't exactly aged well. at this point it is perhaps best to watch the film primarily as a historical relic and as an example--but not the best, even for that era--of some of de palma's directorial flair.

psychotic transsexual bobbi murders the patient (angie dickinson) of a prominent doctor (michael caine) and then pursues the high-priced prostitute (nancy allen) who caught a glimpse of bobbi in the elevator. liz (allen) comes under suspicion of the crime and teams up with the patient's son (keith gordon) to catch the killer.it can be summed up in a couple of words: it's very sexy (dickinson and allen look great), it's very bloody - with the kind of gore usually reserved for splatter movies, and boy is it well crafted. writer / director de palma's script is ok but it really takes a backseat to the man's film-making abilities. it is highly successful on a visceral level and i actually get involved / interested with these characters. i can notice the standard de palma homages to / ripoffs of hitchcock - at least from one of the master's pictures.and to top it all off, it has a professional and believable cast.this was de palma's third movie with ex-wife nancy allen (after "carrie" and "home movies".)by the way, dancer-turned-actress rachel ticotin was one of the production assistants. there's a bit of trivia for you.i wouldn't think a thriller could be classy and bloody at the same time but this picture pulls it off.one of the best things about it is a typically striking pino donaggio music score.8/10

when you compare what brian de palma was doing in the 80's to what passes for entertainment today, his films keep looking better and better. "dressed to kill, "blow out", "body double", "scarface" and "carlito's way" are all superb works of a cinematic craftsman at the peak of his powers. the guy had a long run of better than average films. this is pure hitchcock with an 80's dash of lurid perversion, an affectionately told tale of lust and murder with plenty of twists, huge helpings of style, a stunning pino donaggio score, and a trashy, giallo-inspired plot. de palma's love of complex camera-work and luscious, blood-smudged visuals helps overcome the logical holes while the terrific performances of dennis franz, keith gordon (a good director in his own right), nancy allen (de palma's wife at the time) and michael caine make every scene special. let the virtuoso take you on a surreal, scary, erotically charged odyssey and you'll enjoy every frame of "dressed to kill".

when people ask me why do i like movies so much, i usually respond, "have you seen the art-gallery sequence in de palma's dressed to kill?" that scene alone, pretty much represents everything i want to see in a film. if i was a film director, that would be the kind of thing i'd like to do. "pure cinema" is one way of describing that sequence, and it is truly amazing to see how director de palma's entire movie works at the same high artistic frequency of that scene. it is a dream-like movie, clever as hell, and with more zest and intelligence than a dozen films put together. i think the movie raises an important point that will always be a topic of heated discussion: could a movie rely solely on technique and still be considered an artistic success? the film has no message to speak of, acting is great but it is at the service of the style, and the script is short on logic. de palma's movie makes a really good case that style, when handled properly, can sustain a feature length film. sure, michael caine, angie dickinson, nancy allen and keith gordon give superlative performances, but this is a director's movie all the way to the fadeout. it is a sensational demonstration of the possibilities of the film medium. i won't tell you what hitchcock movie the film pays homage to (i don't want to spoil any surprises), but i think de palma transcends the story's arc, and he manages to create a film that pretty much summarizes his entire career. not for the faint of heart!

a great suspense movie with terrific slow camera-work adding to the dramatics makes this a treat to watch and enjoy. director-writer brian de palma does a super hitchcock-imitation (many called it a "ripoff") with this film and the 2.35:1 widescreen dvd is a must to fully appreciate the camera-work (and several scenes with people hiding on each side which are lost on formatted-for-tv tapes).the downside of the movie, at least to anyone that has some kind of moral standard, is the general sleaziness of all the characters, including the policeman played by a pre-nypd dennis franz (who has hair here!). the opening scene is still shocking with a fairly long shower scene of angie dickinson that is quite explicit, even 25 years after its release. the film has several erotic scenes in it as dickinson (if that is really her on the closeups) and nancy allen are not shy about showing their bodies.there is not much dialog in the first 20 minutes and no bad language until franz enters the picture after the murder. the first 36 minutes are riveting and even though it's apparent who the killer is, it's still very good suspense and fun to watch all the way through, particularly for males ogling the naked women.

this was one of the highlights of st:tng's semi-forgettable second season, before they 'grew up' or grew into their own in the third season and beyond. this was not only a showcase for up-and-comers like bill campbell and teri hatcher, but was also the continuation of data's search for his 'humanity', this time through the concept of comedy. still one of my favorite episodes.on a side-note, i'm still disappointed that there is no credit for the actress with whose character okona was about to have a tryst(after teri hatcher's character) before being rudely interrupted by lt worf. i remember watching this episode 'first-run' at my friends comic shop back in the day and we all thought she would've been a perfect jean grey/marvel girl.it would be nice to know who this pretty lady actually is...

one of the most appealing elements of a gilliam film is that the well-concocted visuals, the unsettling backdrops, and the manically frustrated characters are evidence of the creator's involvement. instead of most movies (where the filmmaker is some director-for-hire that is paid to feature a star or two), you can feel terry gilliam's presence through the experience. "12 monkeys" is evidence of gilliam's own vision and style, as opposed to making offbeat movies for their own sake. "12 monkeys" is a variation on similar themes of gilliam's repertoire:oppressive/recessive societies, the solitude of the protagonist, the frustration associated with disbelief, and parallel realms. in this film gilliam does a fine job of blurring lines between the two realms, using ambiguities to force the audience to believe rather than know. this tendency for gilliam to neglect to fill in certain gaps leads to criticisms of art-house pretentiousness. the difference between gilliam and artsy posers is that gilliam's choices clearly have a purpose and all of his images have meaning. the two nearly identical bathing scenes of cole in the beginning are meant to draw comparisons which leave the audience unsettled. his bald head is a mark of uniformity in the disease-ridden future world, yet makes him recognizable in the 1996 world. the title itself is a mark of gilliam's creativity, as it requires the majority of the story to flesh out for its meaning to be fully understood. all in all, gilliam's dedication to making creative films that are interesting to watch yet also require thought and interpretation from the audience. the film has immense re-watch value, since there are subtle details and hints that can be missed upon the first viewing. definitely one of my favorites.

time paradoxes are the devil's snare for underemployed minds. they're fun to consider in a 'what if?' sort of way. film makers and authors have dealt with this time and again in a host of films and television including 'star trek: first contact', the 'back to the future' trilogy, 'bill and ted's excellent adventure', 'groundhog day' and the stargate sg1 homage, 'window of opportunity'. heinlein's 'all you zombies' was written decades ago and yet it will still spin out people reading that short story for the first time.in the case of terry gilliam's excellent film, '12 monkeys', it's hard to establish what may be continuity problems versus plot elements intended to make us re-think our conception of the film. repeated viewings will drive us to different conclusions if we retain an open mind.some, seeing the film for the first time, will regard cole, played by bruce willis, as a schizophrenic. most will see cole as a man disturbed by what adams describes as 'the continual wrenching of experience' visited upon him by time travel.unlike other time travel stories, '12 monkeys' is unclear as to whether future history can be changed by manipulating events in the past. cole tells his psychiatrist, railly (madeleine stowe), that time cannot be changed, but a phone call he makes from the airport is intercepted by scientists after he has been sent back to 1996, in his own personal time-line.even this could be construed as an event that had to happen in a single time-line universe, in order to ensure that the time-line is not altered...cole has to die before the eyes of his younger self for fate to be realised. if that's the case, time is like a fluid, it always finds its own level or path, irrespective of the external forces working on it. it boggles the mind to dwell on this sort of thing too much.if you can change future events that then guide the actions of those with the power to send people back in time, as we see on board the plane at the end of the film, then that means the future can be changed by manipulating past events...or does it? the film has probably led to plenty of drunken brawls at bars frequented by physicists and mathematicians.bonus material on the dvd makes for very interesting viewing. gilliam was under more than normal pressure to bring the film in under budget, which is no particular surprise after the 'munchausen' debacle and in light of his later attempt to film 'don quixote'. i would rate the 'making of' documentary as one of the more interesting i've seen. it certainly is no whitewash and accurately observes the difficulties and occasional conflict arising between the creative people involved. gilliam's description of the film as his "7½th" release, on account of the film being written by writers other than himself - and therefore, not really 'his' film' - doesn't do the film itself justice.brad pitt's portrayal of goines is curiously engaging, although his character is not especially sympathetic. watch for his slightly wall-eyed look in one of the scenes from the asylum. it's disturbing and distracting.probably a coincidence, the louis armstrong song 'what a wonderful world' was used at the end of both '12 monkeys' and the final episode of the tv series of 'the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy'. both the film and the tv series also featured british actor simon jones.'12 monkeys' is a science fiction story that will entertain in the same way that the mental stimulation of a game of chess may entertain. it's not a mindless recreation, that's for sure.

twelve monkeys is an insane time-travelling, action packed movie that stars bruce willis who plays james cole, a man who is sent back in time to collect information about the devastating plague that ensues in november of 1996. unfortunately, he is sent back too far to the year 1990 where everyone believes that he is insane.this movie is thrilling and has great acting performances from bruce willis, brad pitt and madeleine stowe. twelve monkeys is one of the greatest time travelling movies that i believe anybody can enjoy. terry gilliam has created a true masterpiece10/10

one of the greatest film i have seen this year.last maybe before sun rise, which is also seen late at night alone in the lab. i like the idea of the film,which suggest free will of man and our weakness against fate.with time past by james and kathryn are destined to fail and an indescribable sorrow comes. i do like the end. but a big question also comes. the virus shall not be released again, should it?in the last scene in the airport. jose is sent back to meet james again by future scientists. when he tell him that scientists had already got his message and know someone else would spread the virus. and they two together meet kathryn when kathryn tell james the true man is dr. goines assistant. so it is clearly jose also get the true information about the virus,(james keep an eye on him at the time remember?) and he has teeth. so why everything is still happen?? why future scientists don't do anything after the truth is revealed?? my biggest question after the film...

terry gilliam traveled again to the future (he had already done it in "brazil") to tell this story about a virus that's destroying the human race.the script is totally crazy with some easy tricks on it but it's quite entertaining and gilliam proves that he's got imagination (the futuristic scenes are just great). as for the cast, bruce willis and the beautiful madeleine stowe (whatever happened to her??) are just ok, but brad pitt is so annoying, whenever he plays roles that are out of his hand he results so forced and he's not credible at all. he should just play good-looking successful young men.*my rate: 7/10

time paradoxes are the devil's snare for underemployed minds. they're fun to consider in a 'what if?' sort of way. film makers and authors have dealt with this time and again in a host of films and television including 'star trek: first contact', the 'back to the future' trilogy, 'bill and ted's excellent adventure', 'groundhog day' and the stargate sg1 homage, 'window of opportunity'. heinlein's 'all you zombies' was written decades ago and yet it will still spin out people reading that short story for the first time.in the case of terry gilliam's excellent film, '12 monkeys', it's hard to establish what may be continuity problems versus plot elements intended to make us re-think our conception of the film. repeated viewings will drive us to different conclusions if we retain an open mind.some, seeing the film for the first time, will regard cole, played by bruce willis, as a schizophrenic. most will see cole as a man disturbed by what adams describes as 'the continual wrenching of experience' visited upon him by time travel.unlike other time travel stories, '12 monkeys' is unclear as to whether future history can be changed by manipulating events in the past. cole tells his psychiatrist, railly (madeleine stowe), that time cannot be changed, but a phone call he makes from the airport is intercepted by scientists after he has been sent back to 1996, in his own personal time-line.even this could be construed as an event that had to happen in a single time-line universe, in order to ensure that the time-line is not altered...cole has to die before the eyes of his younger self for fate to be realized. if that's the case, time is like a fluid, it always finds its own level or path, irrespective of the external forces working on it. it boggles the mind to dwell on this sort of thing too much.if you can change future events that then guide the actions of those with the power to send people back in time, as we see on board the plane at the end of the film, then that means the future can be changed by manipulating past events...or does it? the film has probably led to plenty of drunken brawls at bars frequented by physicists and mathematicians

a very strong movie. bruce is good and brad also.as i think there are two cities missed in the receptionist list from the list bruce remembered.that means the woman was a real insurance and she did her job.well, novikov property seems to me work in this movie. however, i do believe in back to the future theory of worlds' multiplicity.so bruce could save the world, but not his world.in the theory of parallel worlds the man can meet himself.and i do believe there is no problem in that. here i disagree with dr. brown from back...but the story pf 12 monkeys has its own beauty. inspite of all these theories of one world or many or continuum one can believe that he is really insane and the doctor - his girlfriend was just lost.a sequence of events which may lead her to believe that he is from the future. the bullet - well it might be some mistake, some falsification.well i like this movie - has to buy a dvd.best.

one of the all-time great science fiction works, as visionary and thought-provoking as blade runner or even gilliam's own brazil. willis gives his best performance here, but he's outdone by pitt's incredibly frenetic turn that's unlike anything he's done before or since. even stowe isn't out of her league here, though. the story is very layered and offers quite a lot to think about. the climactic scene is beautifully magnificent, and the last lines fit perfectly. the scenes in the mental hospital are creepy and yet so funny in their own way. lots of dark humour on display here. fantastic production design and suitably bizarre cinematography. in my top ten.

"twelve monkeys" is odd and disturbing, yet being so clever and intelligent at the same time. it cleverly jumps between future and the past, and the story it tells is about a man named james cole, a convict, who is sent back to the past to gather information about a man-made virus that wiped out 5 billion of the human population on the planet back in 1996. at first cole is sent back to the year 1990 by accident and by misfortune he is taken to a mental institution where he tries to explain his purpose and where he meets a psychiatrist dr. kathryn railly who tries to help him and a patient named jeffrey goines, the insane son of a famous scientist. being provocative and somehow so sensible, dealing with and between reason and madness, the movie is a definite masterpiece in the history of science-fiction films.the story is just fantastic. it's so original and so entertaining. the screenplay itself written by david and janet peoples is inspired by a movie named "la jetée" (1962) which i haven't seen, but i must thank the director and writer of the movie, chris marker, for giving such an inspiration for the writers of "twelve monkeys". i read a little about "la jetée", it's not the same story but it has the same idea, so this is not just a copy of it. david and janet peoples have transformed this great deal of inspiration to a modernized story, which tells about this urgent need for people to find a solution for maintaining human existence and it does it in a so beautiful and a realistic way that it's a guaranteed thrill ride from the beginning till the end. the music used in the film is odd and somehow so funny and amusing it doesn't really fit until you really get it and when you do you realise that it's so compelling, composed by paul buckmaster.terry gilliam, who we remember from monty python, as the director of the movie was a real surprise for me, as i really never thought him as a director type of a person. i know he has directed movies before, but i really couldn't believe that he could make something this magnificent. it shouldn't be a surprise though, as he does an amazing job. you can still sense that same weirdness as in the python's, but for me the directing is pretty much flawless though in its odd way of describing things it also makes some scenes strangely disturbing. yes, it is indeed odd, weird, bizarre and disturbing, so it also makes the movie a bit heavy too, so the weak minded viewers will probably find it hard to watch the movie all the way through. it's not as heavy as you could imagine, but it just has these certain things which in their own purpose are sometimes pretty severe to watch. despite that, the movie holds this pure intelligence inside it and through flashbacks, dreams, jumps between the past and the future it mixes up the whole story in a very clever way and it doesn't even make the plot messy in any part, though it does need concentration from the viewer after all.what comes to acting, well the movie doesn't even go wrong there. the role of james cole is played by the mighty bruce willis, who probably does his best role performance yet to date. now people may disagree with me, as he did some fine job in for example "the sixth sense" as well, but for me the role of james cole was so ideal for willis and he performs it incredibly well. the character is very well written too, yet performed even better. cole starts to question his own existence and he deals with himself, starting to question his actual time of living, trying to survive and find the crucial missing piece of the puzzle. by hardship he starts to loose his faith, questioning if he can even trust or believe himself. other role performances worth mentioning are the performances of madeleine stow and brad pitt. stow plays the role of kathryn railly, the psychiatrist of james cole, who sees something strangely familiar in cole and decides to help him to deal with his madness. she somehow starts to believe cole's story but as a believer of science she tries to find solutions through it and tries to deal with reason when it comes to unbelievable things. brad pitt is so good in the role of jeffrey goines and he also does one of his best role performances yet to date. the insane yet hilarious personality of the character brought pitt even an oscar nomination for it, so i guess i'm not praising the honestly fabulous performance for nothing.all in all, "twelve monkeys" is a great science-fiction experience and it will surely be a recommendation for everyone, especially for the sci-fi fans. it includes brilliant characters and superb role performances, especially from willis and pitt, and an original and an entertaining story which forms a plot that's so intelligent and clever. yet being that already mentioned weird and disturbing it definitely captures the viewer's attention by making it interesting and witty. it's also an explosive thriller and it has romance in it too, so it's all that in same package and that makes it one of the best sci-fi motion pictures i've ever seen. through the odd yet terrific vision of terry gilliam it manages to keep itself in balance despite the somewhat bumpy yet somehow stable ride. hard to explain really, but that's how it is, it's mind blowing.

i really enjoyed this -- i'm a big fan of movies that mess with your mind and leave you with a lot of questions and ideas to debate, and this was a stellar example. but then, terry gilliam is always good at that (well, almost always. let's just forget about jabberwocky and the brothers grimm, shall we?).i particularly liked the way it handled the time travel theme and the avoidance of paradoxes -- the way events in the past and future intertwined and fed into each other.it was also really well done aesthetically -- the art direction was really great, and i wish i'd been able to see it on the big screen. the future scenes had a similar feel to brazil in a lot of ways, and even the present scenes were often really visually compelling.but perhaps the most striking thing about it was that it featured two actors i normally don't much like, bruce willis and brad pitt, and they both delivered amazing performances here. pitt especially -- i'd seen one or two films before that made me realize he could in fact actually act (contrary to what i'd originally thought), but this one really outdid them. i actually found myself asking my friends at one point "are you sure that's brad pitt?" this is probably the most memorable performance of his career (though admittedly that may not be saying too much).

terry gilliam gives a stunning movie, which i thoroughly enjoyed. bruce willis, madeline stowe, brad pitt and even the small appearance of christover plummer makes the movie absolutely brilliant! this is the only terry gilliam film i've seen, and twelve monkeys is definitely in my top 10. i think this is one of the four best bruce willis movies; and brad pitt's best. brad pitt delivers a perfect performance. possibly one of the ten best actor's performance that i've ever seen. he played his role (geoffrey) very convincingly. bruce willis' role (james cole) was also quite convincing. both bruce willis and brad pitt acted extraordinarily well. with the brilliant story to back the great performances; and to back that up, terry gilliam's superb directing.

the story of this film is truly remarkable. a virus cut loose and only 1% of the human race survived. the only thing we know now is that animals rule the land above and there are posters everywhere that say, "the twelve monkeys did it." thats right, the human race had to hide underground from the sickness that had killed over 500 billion people. apparently animals do not contract this disease. day by day the present scientist try to discover what type of sickness had caused this; how it was created; if nature did it or a mere human being had created it. all they know is that there is are a bunch of animals running around a city above them, the deaths began during 1996-1997, and twelve monkeys have something to do with it. (or at least thats what the poster says.) so a current convict named james cole (bruce willis) is sent as a "volunteer" to get some samples from above. after he does his "volunteer" work, he is asked to be sent back in time to the year 1996 to figure out what happened to the world. cole accepts and the story of the twelve monkeys begin.throughout the story the time machine gets the dates wrong quite a few times, from 1990, to some time during the 1950's. (in a middle of a war.) throughout the time traveling back and forth, it starts to mess james up in the head and that twist the story up. the whole story is very well done and i would of gave it a higher grade if it wasn't for the ending. i personally didn't like the ending of the movie and i was very disappointed. i just was expecting a more explaining ending then what had happen, but it isn't everyone who thinks this way. so i gave it a 8, but if everyone had the same opinion as me i would give it a 6 or 7.for the whole acting of the film, i give it a a+. bruce willis is great for this role and he acts good, but brad pitt is completely 100% excellent. his acting is so great, he gets into the character so well. i never really cared for brad pitt in till i saw him in this and fight club. there characters or similar in this film, he is just a little more... insane in this film. so overall i think this film is completely worth checking out. for most people it's a great science fiction film, i just don't think it is a masterpiece.

first of all, we know that bruce willis is a good actor but if you take the majority of his movies you'll see that the characters have these moments where they are the same. his character in this movie is far beyond every single one so far... and counting. the story begins in the (not so far) future where a man is sent to the past to find the source of a virus that has swept most of humanity from the face of the earth. the story seems to go towards sf but i think its closer to a drama because of the slow rhythm of the story. about that. movies tend to be faster and slower at some points and develop more towards the end than the beginning but as you see this movie you'll be aware of this constant rhythm of story and revealing facts that does not speed up nor slow down. its the one and the same speed that flows gently and pretty good. but that doesn't mean that the ending wont pull your nerves, cause its pretty good. as far as the direction goes, it is prefect. movies as such are easily destroyed by bad directing but this one has become far better. so, if you are getting ready to see a sci-fi movie or some action, you'll miss it. b there should be more movies like this.

a great addition to anyone's collection.12 monkeys is a movie you don't see every day. it has excellent actors to go with a excellent story. this is not a normal role for bruce willis but he holds the role like he holds john mcclane.the virus-kills everyone on earth and leaves a few hundred survivors story is not a new one but the story takes a fresh new direction on it.a man(bruce)is sent back in time to get information on a virus which has wiped out most of man kind.the actors in this were awesome. i must give a mention to brad pitt who was hilarious as the mental patient james cole(bruce) meets in a mental hospital.the director did an amazing job on bringing us a disturbing picture of a future devastated by a man-made virus.the animals seen in the virus world made it feel like they run the world when humans are driven into underground facilities.this movie was excellent and must see and also its a must own.i very much highly recommend it.10/10

i can't decide whether this is one of my favourite movies. it is a good thriller and has an emotional core but still i can't decide. i definitely liked it. this is the first movie of terry gilliam that i have seen. my first impression? i was engaged till the very end and it is not all that complex(to be confusing).the movie is set in the future. a man james cole(bruce willis) is sent from the future in order to get some information from the past(1996 to be specific). a virus killed 5 billion people. he is sent from the future to get some information about it. also involved here are a psychiatrist called kathryn railly. the love story is portrayed beautifully and you can really feel the longing in this love and longing for a regular life. the loose ends are tied up in a very interesting manner at the end.one thing i liked about this movie is that unlike other post-apocalyptic movies, the movie didn't prefer to give any boring social commentary and instead focused on this one guy and his longing for a regular life. "you want to see the ocean, be with her" is especially a poignant line in this movie. it chooses to focus on the tension and confusion in the person's mind. therefore this is not exactly post apocalyptic movie but instead it could be described as a romantic sci fi movie with themes that range from time travel to blurred realities and so on. this is what makes this movie a special movie of the 1990's. the complex plot flows smoothly without adding too many characters.the performances are quite good. bruce willis surprised me here as he didn't act the regular tough guy here but he gave a good performance of a confused man who is in love. his desperation in certain sequences is portrayed beautifully. i have to check out his other movies. the gorgeous madeleine stowe is quite a treat to watch. ever since i saw this movie, i have become so obsessed with her. she has given a great performance of a woman who sympathises with her patient and finally falls in love with him. brad pitt is the real surprise though with his portrayal of a crazy man named jeffrey goines. his oscar nominated performance is quite surprising considering that he doesn't have many critics who have kind words for him.the end is quite chilling and that is also another reason to watch the movie. the length or complexity is not as big a problem because this film is quite fast moving and there are enough incidents to keep people interested. and every incident in this movie has a meaning and nothing is there that is unnecessary.good thriller 10/10

i just bought the dvd and i must say, (after seeing brazil and fear an loathing in las vegas) terry does it again. as well of being a fan of the monty python movies, terry gilliam's genius follows through in this sci fi thriller, whom bruce willis plays a wonderful role as james cole, and as well (perhaps my favorite character) brad pitt who played the insanity of jefferey goines. a must have for sci fi fans, or movie fan of any type really, because it includes suspense, drama, action, etc. any way the plot, in the future, 1% of the world's population survives a disease intended to wipe out the human race, which is unleashed in the past by "the army of twelve monkeys". james cole( bruce willis) is sent back to 1996 (which is when the virus was unleashed) to find out about the disease, so scientists in his time can find a cure. before i go further, james cole lives in an underground society, and the animals rule the world on the surface due to the disease that will kill the humans. anyway when he is sent back in time he is actually sent back to 1990 where he is sent to a mental institution because of his tellings to people of the virus. during his stay he meets jefferey goins( brad pitt) who is later mostly responsible for wiping out the human race. he also meets his psychiatrist ((madelein stowe) who eventually teams up with bruce to save the world ( as she sees that he is correct in his tellings), he is sent back and forth from his time to the past and eventually sent to 1996 where he then questions his own sanity but later pulls through to reveal a suspenseful end quarter of the movie and later builds up to the somewhat shocking climax, where he tries to stop the man carrying the virus( not actually brad pitt) and is instead shot by the police as the killer gets away.

nb: spoilers within. this great movie is "about" so many things, all of them successfully: sci-fi time travel, unstable psychologies, dystopian society, the what-is-real syndrome, gradual undermining of belief systems, worldwide bioterrorism, and a nascent love story.the ramifications of the story's twisted time line stir up loads of heated debate - witness the discussions within this site; or, as an extreme, check out the dissertation at www.mjyoung.net/time/monkeys.html. whew! such temporal emphasis speaks mostly to the brilliant plot, coming from the magnificent work of writers david and janet peoples, not to mention the inspiration of chris marker's "la jetee." without a doubt, this is one of the most successful, fascinating time-travel movies ever conceived. but there are many other levels speaking here.the movie's real genius is to focus on the nasty side effects of time-travel in the mind of james cole (bruce willis, doing the best work of his career here). his journey progresses from gung-ho vaccine-hunting warrior to gradually unhinged victim  and back again. the other broad sweep of the story increasingly emphasizes the personal tale between james and dr. kathryn railly (the wonderful madeleine stowe). i love the simultaneous shifting/opposing viewpoints of these two characters. for me it all comes to a head in the fleabag hotel room scene. by this point, james  once gripped by an unshakable determination  now slumps in utter doubt about his own reality; while dr. railly  the cool and rational scientist  has finally become wildly convinced, after absorbing james's proofs, of his horrific predictions. her desperation to get through to james and hang on to the mission shows how far she's come.gilliam makes us care about these characters, especially through the crescendo of tension threading their lives. the balance held between emotional roller-coaster and mounting sci-fi puzzle/thriller is exquisite. and the denouement at the airport is heart-poundingly intense because we see it coming so clearly through james's dreams. it is here, just after james has decided to quit the whole mess  and is fighting his insanity more than ever  that he steps back up to the plate and does what is necessary for mankind. see jose and the gun (just before this, the references to hitchcock's "vertigo" and identity switching/confusion are brilliant.) this is a movie to be hashed out between thinking people; it not only holds up under repeated viewings, it demands them. "twelve monkeys" is intelligent, provocative, bizarre, funny, and suspenseful stuff.the supporting cast is excellent, especially brad pitt stealing all of his scenes and showing great flexibility as jeffery goines, crazed and spoiled, but ever the survivor. and there is david morse as dr. peters (interesting how the movie simply leaves to the viewer his wicked motivation) and christopher plummer as dr. goines. but the biggest accolades belong to terry gilliam, surpassing here - just barely - his outstanding "brazil." (lots of parallels, of course, especially the lonely combatant trying to escape his crumbling surroundings: lunacy within, lunacy without.) every frame of this movie has his unique stamp and tone. the soundtrack is terrific, too.this is one of the great achievements of the 90s, a true favorite of mine, and sure to hold up for a long time to come.

normally i try to avoid sci-fi movies as much as i can, because this just isn't a genre that really appeals to me. light sabers, ufo's, aliens, time traveling... most of the time it's nothing for me. however, there is one movie in the genre that i'll always give a place in my list of top movies and that's this "twelve monkeys" i remember to be completely blown away by it the first time, but even now, after having it seen several times already, i'm still one of its biggest fans. every time i see it, this movie seems to get better and better.somewhere in the distant future all people live underground because an unknown and lethal virus wiped out five billion people in 1996, leaving only 1 percent of the population alive. james cole is one of them. he's a prisoner who lives in a small cage and who is chosen as a 'volunteer' to be sent back to in time to gather information about the origin of the epidemic. they believe it was spread by a mysterious group called 'the twelve monkeys' and need the virus before it mutated, so that scientists can study it. but their time traveling machine doesn't work perfectly yet and he is accidentally sent to 1990, where he meets dr. kathryn railly, a psychiatrist, and jeffrey goines, the insane son of a famous scientist and virus expert...what i like so much about this movie is the fact that it is never clear whether all what you are seeing is real or not. is this just an illusion, created in the mind of a mentally ill man or is it real? does he really come from the future and can he really travel through time? was the population really wiped out by a virus, released by the army of the twelve monkeys? those are all questions that will leave you wondering from the beginning until the end. if the makers of this movie had chosen to make it all more obvious, i'm sure that i would never have liked it as much as i did now. it's just that mysteriousness that keeps me interested time after time. but that's not the only good thing about this movie of course. the acting is amazing too. normally i'm not too much a fan of bruce willis, but what he did in this movie was just astonishing. together with madeleine stowe and brad pitt he should have won several awards for it, because together with the amazing story, they made this movie work so incredibly well.even after several viewings, i'm still a huge fan of this movie. except for this movie, i have only seen one other terry gilliam movie and that's "fear and loathing in las vegas", which wasn't bad, but didn't really convince me either. however, it's this movie that really makes me look forward to his other work. i give it a 9/10, maybe even a 9.5/10.

terry gilliam's and david peoples' teamed up to create one of the most intelligent and creative science fiction movies of the '90's. people's proved a screenplay with bizarre twists and fantastic ideas about the nature of time  i especially love the idea one can't change the past; it's a nice counterpoint to so many time-travelling movies which say otherwise  biological holocausts and the thin line between sanity and madness. gilliam visualized his ideas with unique quirkiness, perfection and originality.the story itself is engaging: one man, james cole (played by bruce willis in a heart-warming performance) travels several decades to the past to retrieve information about a virus that's wiped out mankind and left only a few survivors alive living underground: with the information he'll collect, scientists hope to find a cure so everyone in the future can return to the surface. but because their time-travelling technology isn't perfect, he ends up being sent towards different other pasts and complicating things. and from that a brilliant science fiction thriller with shades of film noir ensues as the multiple pieces of a huge jigsaw start fitting together to form a bizarre narrative involving animal right activists, end of the millennium paranoia, biological weapons, the perception of reality, and the definition of sanity. with such a complex movie, it was easy for gilliam and peoples to create a mess, but instead twelve monkeys is a thought-provoking narrative which will please those who like to be challenged and have patience to appreciate some crazy ideas.i watched this movie once around 10 years ago. it marked me a lot: i remember still thinking about many days after-wards; for my young mind this seemed quite mind-blowing and it was one of the first movies to make me appreciate cinema as something serious and important. i've re-watched this movie a few days ago on dvd and it's better than i remembered it. brad pitt still steals all the scenes he's in, playing jeffrey goines  almost a prelude to his tyler durden character in fight club  a rich kid with some anarchist/non-conformist ideas who's also crazy and, according to cole, perhaps responsible for the virus. the scenes between jeffrey and cole in the madhouse are the best in the movie, pitt's eyes, voice and quirky mannerisms convince you he's really a crazy guy locked in a warped logic only he understands. pitt's oscar nomination was well deserved! surprising was also bruce willis' performance: his i didn't remember very well, but it's beautiful and full of sensibility; he plays a man who spent almost all his life underground, and when he comes to the past you'll share his childish fascination with something as simple as breathing the fresh air of the morning or watching the sun go up. cole is a rather ambiguous character, peoples' tried to imbue some darkness in him, and he does other disturbing things to other people and to himself: the scene where he removes his own teeth reveals how far his dementia has gone unchecked. ironically cole didn't start as a crazy character, but when he starts warning everyone about the end of the world, he's considered mad and convinced it's all in his mind, until he arrives at a point when he can't distinguish past from future, reality from fiction. willis spends a lot of time looking confused and insecure, and it works perfectly. one of the fun twists in the narrative is when cole's shrink, dr. kathryn railly, finds undeniable proof he's really from the future and now has to convince him again of his mission to save the world. the screenplay is full with weird twists like this and it keeps the movie in a fast pace. their relationship is also well-handed, although perhaps a bit compressed for time's sake. but i enjoyed watching cole and railly falling in love and trying to escape the authority of the future to live a peaceful life in the past. but then things end in a tragic/bittersweet climax at an airport, wrapping all the pieces together, which will blow many minds away.there are two great endings in this movie, a twist in the sense of se7en or fight club, and a more intimate ending where railly is crouching next to cole who's just been shot and looking around for a younger james cole who's witnessing his future self die; the two share a brief look, and she smiles at him. the twist is brilliant, but i prefer this ending for emotional impact. madeleine stowe is very good playing dr. railly, she drew many different emotions from me in her performance. the movie is filled with a sense of fatalism with the idea the past can't be changed: this movie shows that in a terrifying way. it reminds me of chinatown in that sense, the way jake gittes messes everything up the more he tries to help. railly's character shares that fatalism, the more she tries to help cole  first dealing with his 'madness' then helping him in his mission  the more they're sucked into tragedy.the twist ends with a hopeful note, though, with the feeling cole's mission hasn't been in vain. twelve monkeys is a great movie to watch if one wants to be entertained; it's not supposed to be art, although it's more artists than many artistic movies. it's an unpretentious movie where all elements, from music to editing to costume design, etc., came together beautifully to produce a modern cinema masterpiece.

without a doubt, 12 monkeys is one of the best films of the sci-fi genre and director terry gilliam is no stranger at pulling off such cinematic originality. an apocalyptic film that holds you completely spellbound, 12 monkeys never lets up and has you guessing all the way throughout. excellent use of philadelphia locales and netherworld sets create a gothic sense of tragedy and two people caught in time at the wrong place.bruce willis escapes his macho image and portrays a true loony who happens to be right about all that will happen. he is actually sane, but the people of the future (or present if you will) distort this guy's head so bad through time travel, no wonder he unravels. he gets sent to world war i just after beng sent to the wrong year to find out how the army of the twelve monkeys pulls off the annihilation of civilization as we know it. they finally get it right and in what is truly a remarkable screenplay to match the performance, we get to see willis, madeleine stowe and an ominous brad pitt cross-referenced over the course of 6 years.stowe is sensual and solid as the risk-taking shrink who slowly starts to realize that willis may not be as cracked up as he seems. a captivating element of the relationship between her and willis is their sense of "seeing" each other before, in another place or time. 12 monkeys is essentially about time and the madness the futuristic people immerse into it and the times of the present, when killers and a psychotic genius can alter the world.the brooding city of philadelphia is a dark and gothic backdrop for willis' plight to complete his mission which is, against all usual hollywood stereotype, not to save the world. he is gathering information. the film plays tricks on the viewer as well, placing willis in a new setting at the drop of a pin. this must have been an extremely difficult picture to make but gilliam seems to be the master of hard-boiled movie making. he even drops in some humor reminiscent of other great works like time bandits, and brazil. the screen is this man's canvas and he knows how to paint a sometimes terrifying picture of the world and its possible future within the mainstream atmosphere of big-budget films. if you want sincere madness and ironic tragedy, see 12 monkeys.rating: 9 of 10

a linear travel within a non-linear structure. it's a fact that time, in 12 monkeys, flows in this come-and-go between present, future and past. however, the movie's linearity can't be avoided: it's the very work of the projector, the unfolding of the narrative.what we can see underlying the temporal theme is a reflection on the inevitability of our actions. the world of this terry gilliam film is a world with little space for free-will.right from the beginning we are informed about a schizophrenic's prophecy, according to which a plague would rule the earth in 1997, forcing the few survivors to live underground - the only place not affected by the virus.cole's (willis) mission is clear: return to the mid 90's to investigate whatever and whoever is related to the release of the virus. there's no way to change the past: all that can be done is gather information that can help the scientists of the present (that, for us viewers, is the future) find the cure. not to change what happened (the past is inevitable), but make the present better.in his "returns" in time, cole gradually comes near a striking dilemma: his life in the past is better than his life in the present.the latter is dark and dehumanizing, controlled by totalitarian scientists that elect "volunteers" (this word is incisively ironic) to embark on the journeys to the past.the scientists have not yet reached the highest level of achievements in time travel, and cole ends up on wrong dates - this will, later in the plot, work as a proof of his sanity for the psychiatrist kathryn (stowe).we can see, through the evolution of the story, that linearity and non-linearity interlace in a circular temporality.there is more than one moment in which the scene that is the first and ends up being almost the last - and certainly the climactic - appears. it modifies itself, according to the evocation of cole's memories, that come up in his dreams.in an airport, a man is shot dead while running, armed, toward someone else. a blonde woman runs after the murdered one.this is the scene that connects the past (in which cole is a kid that visits the airport with his parents), the present (the time of the narrative) and the future (adult cole) throughout the narrative, cole has the feeling of having already lived the reality he is experiencing now. his prophetic dreams are the proof that it is impossible to escape or avoid what happened. the agents that shoot him stop him from killing the mad scientist, doctor peters (morse), that is the responsible for the dissemination of the disease.what was can't be changed. and, in cole's case, what was is what will be. eternally.a film not quite well understood for many. to me, nothing less than a masterpiece.other good movies with similar theme: the back to the future trilogy (that has another angle regarding the "mad scientist" character, and although it shares the atmosphere of decay - particularly in the second film -, it is way more optimistic than gilliam's work, that is an odd hollywood picture).in another register, there is "wild strawberries", one of bergman's masterpieces, that involves a striking and enlightening travel to the past through dreams and reminiscences.i've never watched "la jetée", but only because i can't find it.

the big problem is where to begin as this movie needs your attention the forthcoming two hours and you better not miss some minutes for getting a coke as there is a danger you can't follow. but good there is also a pause-button. bruce willis must travel into a timemachine to find out some antivirus for a virus that made animals rule over the world in 1996. thanks to some mistakes he first ends up in 1990, then in the first world war and how messed up it all might look like, terry gilliam comes up with what must be one of the most intelligent scripts ever. this ex-monty phyton man knows exactly how genius sf-stories has to be told like and his choice of cast couldn't have been any better, there is the lunatic brad pitt (his performance in the asylum is memorable) and a superb bruce willis who proves he is more than some schwarzenegger-wanna be. it's a movie you can watch over and over again as the script is so weird and complicated (and yet you can follow) that every view gives you other surprises. one of my big favourites.

there is a story (possibly apocryphal) about an exchange between bruce willis and terry gilliam at the start of twelve monkeys. gilliam (allegedly) produced a long list (think about the aircraft one from the fifth element) and handed it to butch bruce. it was entitled "things bruce willis does when he acts". it ended with a simple message saying: "please don't do any of the above in my movie".there is a fact about this movie (definitely true). gilliam didn't have a hand in the writing.i would contend that these two factors played a huge role in creating the extraordinary (if not commercial) success that is the twelve monkeys.visually, the twelve monkeys is all that we have rightly come to expect from a gilliam film. it is also full of gilliamesque surrealism and general (but magnificent) strangeness. gilliam delights in wrong-footing his audience. although the ending of the twelve monkeys will surprise no one who has sat through the first real, gilliam borrows heavily from kafka in the clockwork, bureaucratic relentless movement of the characters towards their fate. it is this journey, and the character developments they undergo, which unsettles.i love gilliam films (brazil, in particular). but they do all tend to suffer from the same weakness. he seems to have so many ideas, and so much enthusiasm, that his films almost invariably end up as a tangled mess (brazil, in particular). i still maintain that brazil is gilliam's tour de force, but there's no denying that the twelve monkey's is a breath of fresh air in the tight-plotting department. style, substance and form seem to merge in a way not usually seen from the ex-python.whatever the truth of the rumour above, gilliam also manages to get a first rate (and very atypical) performance out of the bald one. bruce is excellent in this film, as are all the cast, particularly a suitably bonkers - and very scary - brad pitt.it's been over a decade since this film was released. when i watched it again, i realised that it hadn't really aged. i had changed, of course. and this made me look at the film with fresh eyes. this seems to me to be a fitting tribute to a film that, partly at least, is about reflections in mirrors, altered perspectives and the absurd one-way journey through time that we all make. a first rate film. 8/10.

with 'twelve monkeys' you need to pay attention, but if you do that you probably find a lot to appreciate. i know i did. the story is interesting and deals with time traveling. a virus killed a lot of people back in 1997 and a guy named cole (bruce willis) is send back to 1990 and 1996 to find a cure for the virus. in 1990 he is arrested and put in a mental hospital. there he meets jeffrey goines (brad pitt), who probably has something to do with the virus. he also meets psychiatrist dr. kathryn railly (madeleine stowe) who doesn't believe him in 1990. when cole disappears from the mental hospital while he is chained and locked in a room and re-appears in 1996 kathryn starts believing cole's stories.the movie constantly plays with time. cole makes a phone call and leaves a message in 1996, it is picked up in the future and "they" send someone. for cole that someone appears only seconds after the phone call. things like this happen throughout the movie and therefore you must keep attention. you could ask some questions but since you can't have an answer yourself it is better to agree with the movie.'twelve monkeys' works as sci-fi, with some great images and a dark atmosphere, and it works as a thriller. you are never certain of what will happen next and that helps the movie. may be it has some flaws in the story, but since it is about a fictional thing like time traveling, you should accept what the movie tells us and just try to enjoy. that was the easy part for me.

stories about the possibility of a post-apocalyptic future have been around for ages, since the very creation of science-fiction as a genre per se. the fact that today's society is responsible for what may become of the future in the near tomorrow, and that our own abuses and refusals to see what is right before out eyes are at the very center of all of these stories, whether they are good or bad.terry gilliam of course is a natural for this kind of film. he gives the movie a decadent feel throughout, showing a society run ragged by its own excesses and bringing forth the a sense of imminent tragedy despite having moments of comedy. his world, the world in which twelve monkeys transpires, is a place where the mad run wild, where cities are collapsing in filth and neglect, where everything reeks of foreboding despite the luminosity of the opening sequence, where madness looms at every corner. this is a very dark movie, but his very best, most linear (despite the plot twists which hold up under examination), and one which gets better with repeated viewings.a tragic event in which a deadly virus was unleashed onto humanity in 1996 and thus led to the extermination of life on the planet as we have known it leads to scientists of the future to try and make amends to change humanity's fate on the earth by employing renegade citizens -- the scum of the earth -- as guinea pigs to go back in time, among them one james cole (underplayed to great effect by bruce willis). cole could be any person. we don't know anything about him, but in a way, that doesn't matter since he is little more than one of many expendable volunteers and hints of his character sneak in later as he gets closer to fulfilling his mission. what we do know is that he is a man who dreams, and his dreams may have been reality: he may have already been at the scene of the event of 1996.it's this constant sense of deja vu that keeps popping up throughout the movie. when taken to a mental ward by mistake in 1990 he meets jeffrey goines (spastically played by brad pitt, oscar-nominated here) who frantically spews forth talk about doom and destruction, and later cole believes he has seen goines in his recurring dream as a man pushing a boy aside while escaping... what? he doesn't know. later he meets a psychologist, kathryn railly (madeleine stowe), and one of her first reactions to him is that he's insane, and that she's seen him before. this becomes a running notion throughout her participation in this story from passive/resistant to active and even slightly crazy believer that something terrible is coming this way, especially when she meets him six years later: she has seen cole before. at the same time, cole continues talking about a dream he keeps having in which she also plays a part as a blonde woman running down the aisle, screaming for help, after shots have rung out and a particular red-headed man in a ponytail (jeffrey goines?) has apparently escaped, not before pushing the little boy who is an innocent bystander. the questions arise: have these events happened? are they going to happen? who is really a part of this, or better yet -- is everyone, down to the smallest player, a part of a greater plot? or is this all some trick in the fabric of time in which time in itself is one huge conveyor belt showing repetitions of fragments of events that slide by over and over again? these questions are formulated in a masterful sequence which includes key scenes of alfred hitchcock's masterpiece vertigo in which madeleine elster/judy barton mourns her own brief existence ("you took no notice," she says, as cole and railly watch from their seats in the movie theatre they are hiding in). snippets of dialog from vertigo form a foil to the dialog between railly and cole and later, when cole awakens from having apparently dozed off in the theatre and goes looking for railly, he comes face-to-face with her in disguise (looking almost exactly like eva maria saint from north by northwest) as the swelling bernard herrmann score plays the emergence of judy barton, dressed as madeleine elster. it's a fascinating sequence, more so because of the most improbable occurrence of the names of the actors in both films: madeleine stowe plays kathryn railly who dons a blond wig and grey trench-coat and calls herself "judy simmons" while helping an "insane" man named james cole; james stewart plays a detective who tries to help "insane" madeleine elster who will later re-appear not once, but twice, first as brunette judy barton, and later, as madeleine. action and re-enaction, play and re-play.

terry gilliam's stunning feature-length adaptation of chris marker's short film la jetee is full of mind-bending surprises, yet still touches your heart thanks to the superb cast. gilliam's flair for the phantasmagorical works with the script by david and janet peoples to play with your head as much as it does with poor james cole (willis at his most steve mcqueen-like -- better than mcqueen, even!), a time-traveling convict from the future who literally doesn't know whether he's coming or going as a team of scientists keeps sending him back to the wrong eras while trying to prevent a 1995 plague that's deadly to humans but harmless to animals. willis, the justifiably oscar-nominated brad pitt, and madeline stowe as a well-meaning psychiatrist give some of the best performances of their careers. even paul buckmaster's tango-style score is haunting. this one's a don't-miss!

i had the privilege of seeing this film at a preview screening years ago, and outside the theater i was confronted by a camera crew from a local tv station looking for comments on the film. at the time, the only words that escaped my mouth were "awesome. just awesome." i like to think i can articulate myself a little better than that, but at the time i was somewhat incapable of doing so.the story is intriguing and thought provoking, and the acting is first rate from all the principals. this film was the first one that terry gilliam directed that he didn't have a hand in the writing credit for. back with universal after his long, arduous battle with them over "brazil", terry had achieved what he wanted most; the "final cut". terry is a master craftsman, and each shot is like a beautifully conceived painting that has been constructed carefully with determination and conviction. it is only justice that such an individual should be unfettered in his attempts to convey a concept. unfortunately, limitations still exist in such arrangements.the universal collector's edition dvd of this film is simply amazing, although most of the bonus features aren't listed on the box. it contains among other things, a director/producer audio commentary and an informative and extremely interesting 90 minute documentary on the making of the film called "the hamster factor and other tales of 12 monkeys". it tells of some of the creative pitfalls in filmmaking, including a test of mettle when preview screenings tested poorly, striking the team with feelings of self-doubt and despair. fortunately, for all of us, they decided to change very little about the film and released it to an enormous success. 

just kidding, i rented 12 monkeys the other day because i am a huge bruce willis fan and i heard some things about the film. some good and some bad, but it was one of those films you had to pay attention to every second, so i was a bit worried. just because i felt like for a minute if this was going to be one of those films that i had to watch several times to get. but i watched it last night and i was really impressed, this movie had everything in it: action, drama, sci-fi, history, dark humor, and even a little romance. the actors all did a terrific job, i give a lot of credit to bruce, during his scene in the car with his psychiatrist, he really got to me. but brad pitt, i'm just amazed with how much of a great job he did. he didn't over do his character, who was crazy, and just made it work and was extremely believable. the story was just scary, but very good and a wake up call.james cole is a man in the future where a virus broke out in the past and killed 5 billion people and only 1% of the population survived including him. animals are now ruling the ground above while the humans are down below, but scientists send james to the past of 1990(really meaning to send him to '96), to find out about information of the virus. james gets put into a mental institution meeting his new psychiatrist, dr. kathryn raily and another mental patient, jeffrey goines. he tells them the future, of course no one believes him, he goes back to the future. but the scientists send him back to the correct year to where the doctor is kidnapped by james, but he tells her more, and believes him. now they are set on trying to prevent the virus from ever happening.12 monkeys was an incredible film. like i said the story was so scary just because it's not at all hard to believe that we are not far from that happening. but the whole movie was just great, the cast, the sets, just the whole picture was a great one. it had a terminator type of feel to it where we might loose something precious one day, ourselves if we don't listen to others. what is right and what is wrong? who knows? but i would highly recommend 12 monkeys, it's a great movie that if you give it the proper chance, i'm sure you'll enjoy it.9/10

"twelve monkeys"'s got all the elements to become terry gilliam's masterpiece. an outstanding screenplay, a sustained rhythm, clever sometimes ironic dialogs. moreover, he had a good nose about the cast. "twelve monkeys" is also the first movie where bruce willis stands back from the kind of character he used to play in his previous movies. here, a jaded and hopeless character which you could nickname a prisoner took over from a fearless and invincible hero (as it was the case in "die hard"). no matter how he tries, he's a prisoner of the time. the movie contains a very thrilling end too. it's got a real dramatic power. but this terrific movie is also a reflection about man, the dangers he dreads (notably, the ones that could cause the end of the world and here, these are virus that can create illnesses). no matter how long it will take, "twelve monkeys" will be estimated at its true value: one of the masterpieces made in the nineties.

terry gilliam's fantastic, twisted story of a virus destroying all but a handful of people across the earth and forcing them to move underground and the man sent back in time to gather information about it is a fantastic, dizzying, and highly stylized film that boasts bruce willis' best performance ever.what sets 12 monkeys apart from most time-travel sci-fi movies is that bruce willis character actually deals with what the psychological effects of time-travel, that is, not knowing what reality is actual reality: the place that the time-traveler comes from or goes to. also, the film recognizes that things that have past cannot be altered and that the prevention of a cataclysmic event, in this case the release of said virus, cannot be stopped or changed. as willis asserts "it's already happened," while he's in a mental hospital, the major dilemma the film trudges into is not a trite, overdone plot to save the world; instead it's willis' inner struggle to simply survive himself. it's a fresh, innovative concept, and it works beautifully thanks to a tautly written script by peoples and gilliam's unique brand of dementia.besides this, 12 monkey's storytelling is totally non-linear and instead opts to distort and bend the way the story is told skillfully incorporating a bevy of different time sequences: flashbacks, dreams, memories, the present, the past, the future, and even a scene that is lifted out of hitchcock's vertigo. all serve to envelop the viewer into its disturbing cacophony of madness and futility.visually, gilliam is a master of desolate umbrage and shadow rivalling tim burton in his strikingly despondent scenery and imagery. with cold, wide, and immersing cinematography, gilliam plunges into the colorless surroundings and darkness of his characters. the scenes are often bathed in a strangely antiseptic, dead white and help serve as a contrast to the often veering-on-madness characters.performance-wise, brad pitt steals most scenes, filling them with a patented loony, off-the-wall performance that deservedly garnered him an oscar nomination. as mentioned, bruce willis gives the best performance of his career, not reverting to his heroic cliches and cardboard hero and instead portraying cole as a simple, poignant, tragic everyman. equally good is madeline stowe as willis' psychologist. she holds her own, injecting her character with both wild energy and strength as she collapses under the weight of what she comes to believe is a false 'religion.'gilliam's expert, overwhelming, and complex handling of what could have been a routine action/sci-fi film makes 12 monkeys a compelling vision of a nightmarish, futuristic landscape. its rich, well-thought out, intricate storyline along with bravura performances from the entire cast and its brooding, bleak cinematography make it a masterpiece of madness. ranking in my top 10 of all time, 12 monkeys is a darkly lavish spectacle of a film brimming with brilliance.10 out of 10

this is a really good film and one that i've enjoyed watching several times. michael caine's awesome as always. michael caine has received kind of a reputation for taking any role in any movie no matter what the quality or lack of same but he does a good turn in playing sidney. from the start it's so well written. who would have thought that ira levin who wrote such creepy stuff as the boys from brazil and rosemary's baby could write something this witty. let's face it - michael caine, chris reeve, dyan cannon, henry jones... how are you going to go wrong with a cast this good directed by sidney lumet.i'm really reticent to go on because if anyone were to give away anything about this film it would be a crime. just watch it and adore it.

playwright sidney bruhl (michael caine) has had a series of flop plays after a huge hit. he receives a play written by a student of his, clifford anderson (christopher reeve) which is fantastic. it's so good sidney says he would kill for it. will he?a thinking man's thriller. it was originally a play...and it shows. it's mostly on one set and all talk but i was never bored. it's very well-written with plenty of twists and a good cast working full force. caine is just great as bruhl--another one of his great performances. reeve is, surprisingly, very good. i never thought much of him as an actor, but he's really good in this role. dyan cannon does wonders with an underwritten role as bruhls' wife. irene worth is also good (and quite funny) as helga ten drop, a psychic. however, her accent did get on my nerves. director sidney lumet does very well with his one set. the camera is always moving and keeps your attention going.extreme spoiler dead ahead!!!!! my only complaint is that two gay characters in this movie turn out to be raging sociopaths and it also contains one of the most unromantic kisses i've ever seen--but these are mild complaints.a very good thriller. critics hate this movie (for some reason) and it seems to have completely disappeared since it premiered in 1982. that's too bad--it deserves better.

i just recently watched this 1954 movie starring vincent price for the first time on turner classic movies. price portrays don gallico, a magician/inventor who is driven to murder when his boss steals several of his magical inventions (and also his wife, portrayed in a brief role by the lovely eva gabor). even though price is a murderer, i actually found myself rooting for him, he is a sympathetic character who is driven mad by the greedy people around him who keep taking advantage of him.although this movie doesn't have the "horror" factor of some of his more famous roles (such as my favorite, "house of wax") it nonetheless has enough going for it to keep the viewers interest. this is a must for vincent price fans.

deathtrap gives you a twist at every turn, every single turn, in fact its biggest problem is that there are so many twists that you never really get oriented in the film, and it often doesn't make any sense, although they do usually catch you by surprise. the story is very good, except for the fact that it has so many twists. the screenplay is very good with great dialogue and characters, but you can't catch all the development because of the twists. the performances particularly by caine are amazing. the direction is very good, sidney lumet can direct. the visual effects are fair, but than again most are actually in a play and are fake. twists way to much, but still works and is worth watching.

very good dramatic comedy about a playwright trying to figure out how to keep his head above water after running out of ideas. can't say much about this film without giving away the story. i can say that little was as it seems as you are watching the picture. everybody has his or her own agenda. nice little surprise at the end - after all the other surprises. well written with good performances by all.

long before "brokeback mountain" (about 23 years before), "deathtrap" was the first time i ever saw two men passionately kissing on screen, and frankly, i was shocked. i understood it in terms of the plot, and it didn't really upset my sensibilities (not much), but it was the first time i ever saw it, at least, in a "mainstream" movie. i thought it was a gutsy move for its time, and took courage for them to try it, especially christopher reeve, in the midst of his time as pg-rated superman. male bisexuality on screen may have hit its stride with "brokeback," but it's interesting to note this much-earlier incarnation.

this film has very tight and well planned dialogue, acting and choreography.recommended film for anyone who wants to see masterful writing and plot.question: does anyone know where the house is actually located? it is one of the most interesting houses, a 19thc windmill.

if you are looking for a sonic-boom-special-effects monster, click the back button on your browser.deathtrap was written by ira levin (sliver, the stepford wives, rosemary's baby). it's a stage play, adapted for the screen. 95% of the movie takes place in the gorgeous home of playwright sidney bruhl (michael caine). he's the author of a fabulously successful broadway play, but his last 4 efforts have flopped - horribly.an aspiring playwright, clifford anderson (christopher reeve), who attended a play-writing workshop given by sydney, has sent him a copy of the play he has written. sydney tells his wife, myra (dyan cannon) the play is fabulous - a sure-fire hit. but is it good enough to die for? time will tell.clever dialog and numerous twists and turns in the plot keep this movie entertaining from beginning to end. the whole cast seems to have a good time. it's reminiscent of another fun michael caine mystery: sleuth. worth watching.

deathtrap is not a whodunit. it's a who gonna do it to who first. it's so hard to describe this movie without giving anything away so i won't mention anything more about the plot. as far as acting goes it is cris reeves greatest role as clifford, a young playwrite. you really see the range in his acting abilities in this movie from "exhaling cheeseburgers" to downright frightening. clifford is such a hard role to play and in the stage production of this i have never seen clifford played well on both ends of the spectrum. the actor plays him as a little puppy or a homicidal maniac. reeves is the only person i have seen who has the character right all the way through. as for michael caine he's.....well he's michael caine. one of the best actors of the last 50 years and in this film as good as he has ever been.

excellent plot within a plot within a plot. shame about two of my film heroes having a good snog. must be my upbringing:)very well acted by all. you never quite know who's going to out-do who. the last little twist at the end allows for all to get their just deserts.recommend to all. a harmless, tongue in cheek thriller which if it has any faults is probably michael caine's over-use of the word "bloody", but that's his signature, isn't it.9/10

i went into deathtrap expecting a well orchestrated and intriguing thriller; and while that's something like what this film is; i also can't help but think that it's just a poor man's sleuth. the classic 1972 film is obviously an inspiration for this film; not particularly in terms of the plot, but certainly it's the case with the execution. the casting of michael caine in the central role just confirms it. the film is based on a play by ira levin (who previously wrote rosemary's baby and the stepford wives) and focuses on sidney bruhl; a playwright whose best days are behind him. after his latest play bombs, sidney finds himself at a low; and this is not helped when a play named deathtrap; written by an amateur he taught, arrives on his doorstep. deathtrap is a guaranteed commercial success, and sidney soon begins hatching a plot of his own; which involves inviting round the amateur scribe, killing him, and then passing deathtrap off as his own work.despite all of its clever twists and turns; deathtrap falls down on one primary element, and that's the characters. the film fails to provide a single likable character, and it's very hard to care about the story when you're not rooting for any of the players. this is not helped by the acting. michael caine puts in a good and entertaining performance as you would expect, but nobody else does themselves proud. christopher reeve is awkward in his role, while dyan cannon somehow manages to make the only possibly likable character detestable with a frankly irritating performance. it's lucky then that the story is good; and it is just about good enough to save the film. the plot features plenty of twists and turns; some work better than others, but there's always enough going on to ensure that the film stays interesting. director sidney lumet deserves some credit too as the style of the film is another huge plus. the central location is interesting in its own right, and the cinematography fits the film well. overall, i have to admit that i did enjoy this film; but it could have been much, much better.

playwright sidney bruhl (a wonderfully over-the-top michael caine) would kill for a hit play. enter young wonder kid (a solid reeve) who's just written such a play. weave into this bruhl's overly hysterical wife (superbly played by cannon) and a german psychic (a very funny irene worth) and you've got yourself a wonderfully funny suspense flick.while not up to "sleuth" standards, "deathtrap" is none the less a very capable, twist filled comical suspense ride based on a terrific play by ira levin. the performers are obviously having a field day with the material, with caine in particular delivering top notch lines with gusto.the film loses a bit of steam midway through and the ending is a lot less satisfying than the hilarious one in the original play but overall "deathtrap" is solid, well acted and suspenseful fun.

i've bought certain films on disc even though the second rate presentation wasn't an option. a certain company i won't identify here has put out several pan and scan dvds ("clean and sober", "star 80", and this one, to name just three!) of films i don't think anyone wants to see in this compromised format. some discs give the viewer a choice of 16x9 or full screen and others are just in their theatrical release 1.66:1 ratio.that off my chest, i'll say "deathtrap" was a spooky and oddly enough, amusing picture. my only complaints are the tinny score (what is that f____g instrument that is usually dragged out for films set in 18th century france?) and dyan cannon screaming at regular intervals. couldn't her character have been an asthmatic who grabbed for an inhaler when she was stressed? minor complaints, both. the benefits of discs include being able to fast forward to get beyond those things which you don't like.i never saw a staged version of "deathtrap", so having these folks in the roles sets a great impression of their careers at the time. before broadway tickets cost an arm and a leg, the theatre was more affordable to average people. now, anyone paying less than a king's ransom to get live entertainment probably isn't going to a hit show on the great hyped way.michael caine and christopher reeve were both large, virile specimens in the early 80s and that's integral to how we'll react to their profession and overall image here. they're definitely not bookish men who can't fight or will back down from an obstacle. the two are equally great as their criminal stubbornness becomes their ultimate "deathtrap".

new york playwright michael caine (as sidney bruhl) is 46-years-old and fading fast; as the film opens, mr. caine's latest play flops on broadway. tv reviewers poke fun at caine, and he gets drunk. passing out on the long island railroad lands caine in montauk, instead of his residence in east hampton. finally arriving home, caine is comforted by tightly-attired wife dyan cannon (as myra), an unfortunately high-strung heart patient. there, caine and ms. cannon discuss a new play called "deathtrap", written by hunky young christopher reeve (as clifford "cliff" anderson), one of caine's former students. the couple believe mr. reeve's "deathtrap" is the hit needed to revive caine's career."the trap is set for a wickedly funny who'll-do-it." directed by sidney lumet, ira levin's long-running broadway hit doesn't stray too far from its stage origin. the cast is enjoyable and the story's twists are still engrossing. one thing that did not work (for me) was the curtain call ending; surely, it played better on stage. "deathtrap" is a fun film to watch again; the performances are dead on - but, in hindsight, the greeting reeve gives caine at the east hampton train station should have been simplified to a smiling "hello." the location isn't really east hampton, but the windmill and pond look similar. and, the much ballyhooed love scene is shockingly tepid. but, the play was so good, "even a gifted director couldn't ruin it." and, mr. lumet doesn't disappoint.******** deathtrap (3/19/82) sidney lumet ~ michael caine, christopher reeve, dyan cannon, irene worth

this is one of my favorite movies of all time. it's great and the acting is brilliant. in the scene in which michael caine calls the police in tears and then stops the waterworks the second he finishes the call really displays caine's brilliance. the twists are a lot of fun. the film is top-notch.

i would not hesitate to put this adaptation of 'death trap" in a top 5 list of the best stage-to-movie adaptations ever. caine and reeves (an underrated actor who never really got a chance to do more than soggy romances and "superman") play off each other extremely well here. even dyan cannon - who i normally don't care for - is perfectly cast in a role that exploits her annoyance value as an actress.i'm not sure that comparisons of "deathtrap" with "sleuth" - another brilliant stage-to-screen adaptation featuring michael caine - are valid, or even fair. yes, the two stories have a lot in common. but "sleuth" is as much about class warfare as the battle of wits, and the house in "sleuth" is set is at least as much a character in the movie as the two actors - the house doesn't really have an equivalent in "deathtrap". and "deathtrap" isn't so much a battle of wits as it is a pointed vignette about how people are no damned good (and never as smart as they think they are) and deserve everything they get. i'll just say that both movies are superb examples of the genre, and well worth your time and money. this is america, after all. you don't have to choose! i won't give away the twists and turns of the plot, but i don't think it matters anyway. i've watched the dvd eight or nine times in a dozen years, and still enjoyed the chemistry and the timing and the mean, scary moments when things go "all pear shaped". it's all done so well that the ride becomes more important than the actual destination.anyone who likes black-hearted comedy and suspense in the hitchcock style of film-making will probably enjoy "deathtrap" immensely.

the trick to creating a good, solid mystery story is as much a matter of timing as its about plot contrivances, colorful characters or surprising twists. anyone who has ever labored in frustration with an un-finishable sunday new york times crossword knows that any puzzle that takes too long to solve ceases to be any fun. the best murder mysteries, be they on film or in print, are slight affairs that get to the point, spell out their clues, line up their suspects and, hopefully, zap us with a few surprises; being complicated without being unduly confusing. and they play fair; on second, third and fourth viewings of the clues and red herrings we should be just as pleased to marvel at how well it all comes together as we were at being surprised in the first place. indeed, good thrillers should get better on repeated viewings as we anticipate the double and triple crosses.sidney lumet's comedy-thriller deathtrap, as derived from ira levin's hit broadway play, is a great example. it moves along at a tidy clip, skillfully juggling its clues, being (almost) totally honest with us (even when it is lying to us) and yet never revealing where it is going (even when it is telling us where it might go). it is less a murder mystery movie in the traditional vane than it is a movie about murder mysteries, derived from a play about playwriting. rather than going backward -- a murder and then an investigation to explain why everything happened -- deathtrap leads us through the crime(s) step by step, leaving ample room for the unexpected; as the ads advise it is less a "whodunit" than a "who'lldoit." deathtrap is often compared (unfavorably, oddly enough) to the play and movie versions of sleuth, though in reality it has much more in common with scream, the self-mocking essay on teeny-bopper horror flicks. like that clever film, deathtrap labels itself (a thriller about thrillers), sets it parameters ("a one-set, five character moneymaker") and then proceeds to deconstruct its genre by revealing itself as "the most outlandish and preposterous set of circumstances entertaining enough to persuade an audience to suspend its disbelief." deathtrap bravely gives us a mystery with only five major characters, two of which are of minimum importance. henry jones as a cagey lawyer is on hand mostly for exposition (and to supply us with his penchant for folksy charm) and irene worth is all quirks and comic relief as a psychic-cum-sleuth who acts as the nominal detective. that leaves three main characters to be the killer(s) and/or the victim(s): it is a testament to michael caine's abilities that as sidney bruhl, a down-on-his-luck author of mystery plays, he creates a character who we intrinsically like and trust, even as we recognize immediately that almost everything he says is a lie. as his adoring, if somewhat ditzy wife, myra, dyan canon flirts with being over the top by giving a roller-coaster ride of a performance with a character that by turns seems to be frail or overbearing, crafty or hysterical, timid or bold and uncompromisingly in love with a less than reciprocating sidney. the third angle of this unexpected triangle is a fledgling playwright named clifford anderson played by christopher reeve in such a way that we never quite get a handle on just who his character is: enthusiastic preppie wannabe writer, semi-innocent victim or cunningly charming sociopath. as the various character dance around each other, the cleverly dour script adapted by ace scribe jay presson allen manages to be consistently amusing, even as it builds suspense. and even after the final twist (an improvement over the play's finale), it may not be quite clear just who has manipulated who to do what.lumet is by no means a master of comedy, so he lets his able cast have free reign to flesh out the characters and they all give sharp, theatrical, yet subtle work, with reeve being particularly noteworthy. but what lumet does so well is to work skillfully in tight quarters. as he did brilliantly in 12 angry men, he takes a one-set play, and with a minimum of opening up, manages to make what could have been cramped, stagy and stagnant seem endlessly photogenic and spacious. the setting, a country home converted from an old windmill, is relatively small, but as designed by tony walton it manages to be both cozy and charming, as well as spooky and treacherous. it is so truly difficult to tell where the studio set and the real country house cross boundaries that to a degree the set becomes a sixth character. and as the scene of the crime, it is a most inviting deathtrap indeed.

ira levin's deathtrap is one of those mystery films in the tradition of sleuth that would be very easy to spoil given any real examination of the plot of the film. therefore i will be brief in saying it concerns a play, one man who is a famous mystery playwright, another man who is a promising writer, the playwright's wife who is much younger and sexier than the role should have been, and one german psychic along for the ride. director sidney lumet, no stranger to film, is quite good for the most part in creating the tension the film needs to motor on. the dialog is quick, fresh, and witty. michael caine excels in roles like these. christopher reeve is serviceable and actually grows on you the more you see him act. irene worth stands out as the funny psychic. how about dyan cannon? love how lumet packaged her posterior in those real tight-fitting pants and had her wear possibly the snuggest tops around, but she is terribly miscast in this role - a role which should have been given to an older actress and one certainly less seductive. but why quibble with an obvious attempt to bribe its male viewers when nothing will change it now? deathtrap is funny, sophisticated, witty, and classy. the mystery has some glaring flaws which do detract somewhat, and i was not wholly satisfied with the ending, but watching caine and reeve under lumet's direction with levin's elevated verbiage was enough to ensnare my interest and keep it captive the entire length of the film.

full of spoilers.this is a pretty fast and enjoyable crime thriller based on ira levin's play about two gay playwrights (caine and reeve) that plot the murder of one's rich wife (cannon) to get the property and the insurance. the plot succeeds but christopher reeve as the younger and less established of the two writers decides to make a play out of the actual murder -- with only slight changes in the details. reeve allows that easthampton, long island, can become southampton, long island, in the script, for instance. the rest of the play's plot is a dead giveaway and to tell the truth reeve doesn't mind a little gossip or even an inquiry into cannon's apparently accidental death. it will boost the revenues and his own warhol quotient.michael caine is sidney bruhl, the megabucks-making playwright whose last four productions bombed and who would like nothing more than to quietly get back to working on a new play, perhaps with reeve's input, that would redeem his reputation. he cannot permit reeve's scandalous play-a-clef to be produced. so -- what else? -- he tries to murder him. in the end they wind up killing one another, the manuscript is appropriated by their neighbor, the psychic helga tensdoorp, and she makes a million bucks selling it to broadway.it's a lot of fun for a number of reasons. one is the production design. that multi-roomed, multi-storied house with the big windmill atop, situated on nine of what must be the most valuable acres on earth (easthampton!) would be a splendid set of digs anywhere. you wouldn't be able to afford a pup tent in easthamptom. the house is not overly large or baroque in its decor. it's just magnificently modest, although it's a little tidy for my tastes, the kind of house that's so clean you're afraid to step on the thick carpet for fear of leaving the imprint of a foot.next, the acting could hardly be improved upon. caine, cannon, and fred jones are superb. dyan cannon gives a pitch-perfect performance as the anxious wife whose slacks are so tight they look as if they'd been sprayed on, which is okay given her assets. even reeve, whose talent was limited, seems to find a comfortable niche in his role of affable but psychopathic murderer. irene worth, as the psychic neighbor helga, was in some way hard to define, a mistake. granted she -- or someone like her -- was necessary to the plot, but, my god, what an offensive snoop her character is, going around and claiming, "i feel pain in zis woom!" i suppose in order to make her a little more interesting, she's got up in sweats and a goofy looking cap with bicycle reflectors on it. still, she's a nuisance from beginning to end.you have to love ira levin's bitchy dialog. the distraught caine begs reeve to tell him why he wrote the tell-all play. "because it's there, sidney!" says reeve, and caine shouts, "that's mountains, not plays! plays aren't there until some ***hole writes them!" great too is caine's call to the police after his wife drops dead of fright, as planned. he works himself up into a torrent of sobs, barely able to speak, as he reports the incident and implores that an ambulance be sent immediately. when he hangs up, his face assumes its usual placid expression, he blows his nose into his handkerchief, and walks away, all business again.the climax, though suitably ironic, is confusing and noisy and full of artifice, lacking in the wicked charm that levin and lumet brought to the earlier scenes. the score is mostly made up of light-hearted riffs on the harpsichord, neatly fitting into the film.you'll probably enjoy it.

no one better spoil this piece of work! awesome movie! written expertly by the likes of ira levin and depicted with the best performance of christopher reeve's career and one of caine's very best, this is simply excellent. i wish i could catch a staged version somewhere...maybe someday i will. i hope this grossly underrated, overlooked film has not become too difficult to locate because it a 'must' for any hitchcockian, agatha-phile or lover of great film. one of very few movies i couldn't instantly solve or predict and worth a second or even third viewing, "deathtrap" gets a 9/10 and earns every iota of it. we need and deserve more movies like this!

stage adaptations often have a major fault. they often come out looking like a film camera was simply placed on the stage (such as "night mother"). sidney lumet's direction keeps the film alive, which is especially difficult since the picture offered him no real challenge. still, it's nice to look at for what it is. the chemistry between michael caine and christopher reeve is quite brilliant. the dynamics of their relationship are surprising. caine is fantastic as always, and reeve gets one of his few chances to really act.i confess that i've never seen ira levin's play, but i hear that jay presson allen's adaptation is faithful. the script is incredibly convoluted, and keeps you guessing. "deathtrap" is an enormously entertaining film, and is recommended for nearly all fans of stage and screen.7.4 out of 10

deathtrap runs like a play within a movie about who did what to whom, as it primarily takes place on one set. the premise is that an accomplished playwright, whose star is falling, receives a magnificent manuscript from a former student and so he plans to off his protege and appropriate his play, to the (loud) protests of his wife. or so you think, for the first half of the movie. past the halfway mark, deathtrap begins to throw in twists and surprises that turn its premise on its head, then right around, and then in a mad spin, all the time keeping its title appropriate. it's an excellent mystery movie soaked in wit. michael caine, as the senior playwright, plays himself in this movie - a slightly loony and very dramatic brit. no surprises here - he does his usual good work. he gets the best line of deathtrap, which he executes perfectly: "what is your definition of success, being gang-banged in a state penitentiary?" christopher reeve, on the other hand, juggles comedy and drama in a surprisingly strong performance playing the ambitious (and psychopathic) young playwright. he also gets to show off his very toned body, which he must've retained coming off the superman movies. caine and reeve have collaborated in another movie that's one of my favorite comedies - noises off. it similarly revolves around a play as well, although this time caine is the director and reeve is an actor. they are joined by comic veterans carol burnett, john ritter, marilu henner (taxi) and mark linn-baker (perfect strangers). together, they demonstrate the calamities that befall the bed-hopping cast and crew of a play. on the surface, the movie looks to be mostly slapstick but upon watching you find that they are many subtle jokes that require more than one viewing to catch. wish this underrated movie was available on dvd.

unlike tinseltown's version of hello, dolly!, jay presson allen's screen adaptation of ira levin's hit broadway thriller couldn't wait for it's stage incarnation to shutter before putting it up on the silver screen, so producers wisely decided to make the most of it's lengthy white way run! the film's opening and closing scenes are shot inside new york's intimate music box theater where deathtrap played for nearly five years. even the film's final fadeout on the theatre marquee is a version of the stageplay's famous logo. (although marketeers decided to go with a more fun rubik's cube icon for the movie.)now on a low-priced dvd release, deathtrap seems just as fresh and inventinve as ever. the cast is just right (better than their stage counterparts) and location scouts should be applauded for finding a suitably spooky house for our "one room, two act thriller" to take place in. opened up in surprisingly simple and innovative ways, director sidney lumet wisely tags any "new" material onto the beginning and end of the film and leaves levin's wickedly twisty center alone.the film's last scene is a major hollywood departure from the boards, and slightly undermines one of levin's plot points from earlier in the film [helga (about a dagger): "will be used by another woman because of play."]. like robert altman's the player, however, our new finale helps the film fold in on itself once again and blurs the lines between stage, screen, and (could it be?) real life!

nothing's more enjoyable for me than a who-dun-it or suspense tale that keeps you guessing throughout as to how the whole thing will end. and that's precisely what happens in deathtrap, based on a chilling play by ira levin ("rosemary's baby").and in it, michael caine and christopher reeve get to do the kind of stunt that caine and laurence olivier pulled off in sleuth--with just about as much skill and as many puzzles as ever existed in that extraordinarily clever play.but because it's meant to scare you, surprise you, and keep you guessing as to the outcome, it's difficult to write a review about the plot. let's just say that what we know in the beginning is all you have to know about the film for the present. michael caine is an insanely jealous playwright whose latest play has failed miserably. when a young aspiring writer christopher reeve sends him the manuscript of his play, caine realizes that passing it off as his own would solve all his problems and get his reputation back.from that point on, it's a matter of fun and games for the audience as ira levin's story unwinds, managing to trump agatha christie for the number of twists.caine and reeve play off each other brilliantly, each bringing a certain dynamic tension to the tale as well as some humorous touches that come from a script that laces drama with humor.summing up: well worth seeing--but not everyone is pleased with the ending.

every time you think you have a handle on deathtrap, another plot twist comes along. best to just sit back and enjoy the ride on this one. most noted for its on screen kiss between michael caine and christopher reeve (which was unfortunately cut from the televised version i saw), this movie has a great deal more to recommend it.sidney bruhl (michael caine) is a very unhappy man. once a successful playwright, his last several plays on broadway have flopped. and while his wife myra (dyan cannon) is nothing but supportive, in both the monetary and emotional sense, this does little to make sidney feel any better. to add insult to injury, young playwright, clifford anderson (christopher reeve), has just sent sidney a play to look at. it's anderson's first, and sidney can see that the young man is a gifted writer. he jokes to his wife that he should invite anderson over, kill him, and submit the play as his own. she laughs with him at first, but when sidney actually invites anderson over for dinner, she worries that he may really be putting his scheme into action. and her fears just may be justified...it's a brilliant script. there are twists and turns all through the plot, and they come faster and more furious as you get closer to the end. it's the kind of film that has you on the edge of your seat from the beginning, and keeps you there the entire time. an absolute masterpiece of suspense and mystery.the acting is excellent. caine gives his usual excellent performance, and he does exhibit a knack for playing cultured, refined, and intellectual men. reeve also gives an excellent rendering of a man who isn't nearly as wide eyed or innocent as he seems. cannon's franticness works well for myra. and irene worth gives a nice performance as a nosy neighbor who is also a psychic.this is a film with an ending you'd never expect, and repeated watchings help to pick up on things missed in earlier viewings. an unsung classic that is unfortunately only remembered for a scene which ruffled some sensibilities at the time - and that is a real shame.

definitely one of the most witty and twisted who-dunnit i ever seen. christopher reeve and micheal caine were brilliant and kept me going through the whole affair. very classy set pieces and the props really lend a sense of atmosphere to the proceedings. the minimalist feel works for the whole picture.my only complain isn't with the film itself but the lack of a decent widescreen edition of the movie on dvd. i own the fullscreen version (which proves i love the film enough to endure fullscreen presentation) but a awesome deluxe or 'special' edition would most surely get my cash.

the comparison to sleuth, the earlier stage-play-turned-film, is obvious and upon my first viewing i too thought sleuth was better, but deathtrap has, at least for me, many more repeat viewings in it than sleuth.i purchased deathrap in the bargain bin at wal-mart, figuring that it had caine and the underrated reeve and was worth the 6 bucks. it was one of the finest dvd purchases i could've picked up.it's one of those best-kept-secrets that movie buffs always are always delighted to discover. and it's totally worth repeat viewings.though laurence olivier and michael caine turned in bravado performances in sleuth, i was doubly impressed with christopher reeve as clifford anderson. reeve, rightfully associated with his now legendary portrayal of superman, stole the show in what should've been an oscar worthy performance. i've always felt reeve was a type-cast actor who didn't get much of a chance to shine outside of the superman films and a few other flawed but entertaining films like somewhere in time, but this film shows that his potential was truly tapped and put to use, thank goodness.i absolutely relished michael caine's performance. he was glib, deliciously manipulative and sadistic. and watching him work with reeve and dyan cannon was an absolute pleasure. in fact, it was thanks to this movie that i got into a "michael caine phase" and started renting as much of his stuff as humanly possible. as for deathtrap, there's enough juicy dialogue in here to fill up its "memorable quotes" section. (unfortunately, much of the dialogue would inherently spoil the immensely entertaining plot).it's really, really hard to talk about the movie without spoiling important plot points that are infinitely more fun to discover on your own. needless to say, it's a must-see. but for me, it was the greatest and most rewarding blind purchase of all time.repeat viewings are a must. and it deserves to sit alongside sleuth on your dvd shelf.i'll leave you with this beautifully written quote from the film: "i wonder if it wouldn't be...well...just a trifle starry-eyed of me to enter into such a risky and exciting collaboration...where i could count on no sense of moral obligation...whatsoever."

when deathtrap was first released, the poster--reproduced on the cover of this dvd--offered a graphic akin to a rubik's cube. it is an appropriate image: originally written for the stage by ira levin, who authored such memorable works as rosemary's baby and the stepford wives, the play was one of broadway's most famous twisters, and under sidney lumet's direction it translates to the screen extremely well.deathtrap is one of those films that it is very difficult to discuss, for to do so in any detail gives away the very plot for which it is famous. but the opening premise is extremely clever: sidney bruhl (michael caine) is the famous author of mystery plays, but these days he seems to have lost his touch. after a particularly brutal opening night, an old student named clifford anderson (christopher reeve) sends him a script for a play he has written. it is called "deathtrap," and sidney recognizes it as a surefire hit. just the sort of hit that would revive his career... indeed, a hit to die for. and when clifford visits to discuss the play, events suddenly begin to twist in the most unexpected manner possible.like anthony shaffer's equally twisty sleuth, deathtrap is really a story more at home on the stage than the screen--to reach full power it needs the immediacy that a live performance offers. still, under the expert guidance of director sidney lumet, it makes a more-than-respectable showing on the screen. much of this is due to the cast, which is remarkably fine. michael caine gives a truly brilliant performance, dyan cannon is funny and endearing as sidney's relentlessly anxious wife, and christopher reeve gives what might be the single finest performance in his regrettably short acting career. if you can't see it in a first-rate theatrical production, this will more than do until one comes along.gary f. taylor, aka gft, amazon reviewer

this is essentially a variation on house of wax ,in both the plot and the type of role played by the star of both movies ,vincent price.in both pictures he plays a talented artist who is sent toppling over the edge into insanity when his creations are usurped by other,less talented and less scrupulous people .in this movie he plays a designer of illusions for stage magicians who aspires to set out on a performing career himself only to be frustrated when another illusionist ,the great rinaldo (john emery)insists that he honour his contract and give him first choice of any illusions he designs.price is already ill disposed towards rinaldi as his former wife is now a paramour of rinaldi. he deploys his talents as an illusionist and as a brilliant mimic to avenge himself upon rinaldi and others who thwart his plans for recognition as a performer and a designer.price is pretty much the whole show here and gives a well judged star turn as a wronged man whose predicament earns audience sympathy.the rest of the cast are competent if colourless and the weight of the whole venture falls on price who carries the burden with ease .good solid b movie melodrama , this is a crime movie rather than a horror picture and is enjoyable providing you don't expect a masterpiece .shot in black and white it is low on gore and is best seen as melodrama and enjoyed for the presence of its star giving an idiosyncratic performance

basically the exact same movie as "house of wax" - vincent price's first genuine horror hit released the previous year - but seriously who cares, because "the mad magician" offers just as many sheer thrills, delightful period set-pieces, joyous 3-d effects, sublime acting performances and macabre horror gimmicks as its predecessor! "never change a winning team" is exactly what writer crane wilbur must have thought when he penned down price's character don gallico, another tormented soul besieged by fate and out for vengeance against those who wronged him. don gallico is about to perform his very first own illusionist show as gallico the great and plans to exhibit the greatest magic trick in history; entitled "the girl and the buzz saw". gallico's promising solo career is abruptly ruined before it even begins when his previous employer ross ormond appears on stage and shoves a contract under his nose, stating that all of gallico's inventions are the rightful property of the company. the sleazy and relentless ormond, who by the way also ransacked gallico's once beloved wife, takes off with the buzz saw trick and programs it in the show of gallico's rival the great rinaldi. inevitably gallico snaps and sadistically butchers ormond, but  also being a master of creating disguises  recreates his victim's image and even starts leading a double life. "the mad magician" is an amusing and thoroughly unpretentious 50's horror movie in grand guignol style, with a whole lot of improbably plot twists (the landlady turns out a brilliant crime novelist?) and a handful of fantastically grotesque gross-out moments (although they obviously remain suggestive for most part). the 3-d delights near the beginning of the film, like a yo-yo player and a goofy trick with water fountains, merely just serve as time-filler and contemporary 50's hype, but it's still fun to watch even now and without the means to properly behold them. "the mad magician" is also interesting from a periodical setting point of view, as the events take place around the time fingerprints were starting to get used as evidence material and the character of alice prentiss is an obvious reference towards famous crime authors of that era. needless to state that vincent price remains the absolute most essential element of triumph in this film, as well as from nearly every other horror movie this legendary man ever starred in. like no other actor could ever accomplish, price depicts the tormented protagonist who gradually descends further and further into mental madness in such an indescribably mesmerizing way. you pity don gallico, yet at the same time you fear him enormously. you support his vile acts of retaliation and yet simultaneously you realize his murderous rampage must end in death. vincent price simply was a genius actor and, in my humble opinion, the embodiment of the horror genre.

i am a huge fan of say anything, jerry maguire, and almost famous (i wasn't that big on singles), so it's safe to say that i look forward to anything that cameron crowe attaches his name to. i went to see vanilla sky having been told that it was a very weird movie and that i probably wouldn't like it if i was expecting anything similar to crowe's other films. well, having just seen it, let me say that the former was correct, and the latter couldn't have been more wrong. it is a very weird movie, and nothing really comes together until the end. anyone who tells you that they saw it coming halfway into the movie is either lying to you or is unable to detach their hindsight from their memory. anyway, the movie was stellar, and i look forward to owning it as soon as the dvd is released. i was moved by the film, and felt emotionally spent by the end. this is an experience that will draw from the viewer the entire spectrum of human emotion, if the viewer allows him/herself into the plot. in the theatre in which i saw the movie, there were more than a few people who clearly lost track of the movie and were bored by it when they found that they were unable to get back into the plot. i'm sure others just lack the ability to properly follow any movie like this. i don't mean that to sound pompous, but some people are more cut out for the seagal, chan, van damme genre of movies, and these are the types that probably would not enjoy this movie. it is very cerebral, so make sure you are prepared for a two hour mental bender, as well as much thought afterwards.as far as comparing this film to other crowe movies, it is very similar in at least one regard, in all crowe movies, the soundtrack is a character unto itself. this is almost definitely due to crowe's longstanding ties to music, as anyone who has seen almost famous knows, and to his marriage to heart star nancy wilson. it was also worthy to note that there was a definite chemistry between tom cruise's acting and crowe's directing that made the movie seem familiar to anyone who has seen jerry maguire. in my mind, that is not a bad thing.anyway, if i had to compare this movie to any one other film, i would say this: if you enjoyed david fincher's the game, you will almost certainly be a fan of vanilla sky.

i think a lot of people just wrote this off as another one of tom cruise's weird movies (magnolia, eyes wide shut) but vanilla sky is definitely its own movie. many people said it was weird; it wasn't. it was different and confusing but not weird. weird is stanley kubrick or pauly shore. different is the truman show. confusing is the matrix or the game. and unlike kubrick, this movie has a conclusion. everything makes sense -- maybe not immediately, maybe not even today, but it will make sense. vanilla sky is confusing because david aames (tom cruise) is confused. that's the point. that's where the so-called "weirdness" that turned critics away came in. if they had bothered to "open [their] eyes" as the original 1997 spanish movie, they would have seen that. and if that's not enough reason to see it, go see it for the music. cameron crowe offers a wonderful soundtrack; he uses it to set the "feel" -- that notorious element that many movies lack. with songs like the beach boys' "good vibrations" playing at the dramatic and emotional climax of the movie, he creates an offbeat, yet astoundingly "right" feel. a wonderful film, in its script, music, acting, and images, vanilla sky is sadly, a superficial bandwagon movie that critics chide in order to appear intelligent. excellent: a+

comparable to fight club, the matrix, a.i., sixth sense, among others. this film approaches the psyche in a way never done before. the first 30 minutes builds a interesting love story between diaz-cruise-cruz. the rest of the movie is, well, confusing, you'll pick more every time you watch it (i've gone to the movies to see it 3 times now)

note: these comments are for people who have seen the movie.vanilla sky is a brilliant, complex, and thrilling movie that existentially explores exactly what the tag-line says: lovehatedreamslifeworkplayfriends. maybe the movie plot can come into focus for confused movie-goers if one looks at it from a different angle.considering the following:now, i have not painstakingly gone through the film scene by scene, so i will have to further examine my assertions, (and i welcome your thoughts) but give this a try and see if the movie doesn't fall into place: where exactly does the debatable 'splice' occur?now, i'm not talking about the splice as it is explained by the l.e. 'technician', since that sequence itself could be actually interpreted as a rationalization inside of david aames's mind/dream/coma state, but the true splice between reality and dream.it seems to me that the reality of the car crash, the way that it is filmed (no explosion, for example) is a likely 'splice' point, and that any particular sequence containing an existential/dream/coma/non-reality feel to it -- whether it's shown onscreen before or after the crash -- is actually a part of aames' personal journey toward self-realization inside of his own mind.in that respect, then, we are left with two questions at the very end(if you know of more, let me know): is aames actually disfigured, and where does he wake up?if you don't get entirely wrapped up in the exact sequence of details in the plot, or at what particular point his dreams are scattered throughout, this movie becomes a fascinating exploration of a human on a journey to find himself and what that means in today's pop-culture society.

it does seem like this film is polarizing us. you either love it or hate it. i loved it.i agree with the comment(s) that said, you just gotta "feel" this one.also, early in the film, tom cruise shows his girlfriend a painting done by monet--an impressionist painter. monet's style is to paint in little dabs so up close the painting looks like a mess, but from a distance, you can tell what the subject is. cruise mentions that the painting has a "vanilla sky". i believe this is a hint to the moviegoer. this movie is like that impressionist painting. it's impressionist filmmaking! and it's no coincidence that the title of the movie refers to that painting.this is not your typical linear plot. it requires more thought. there is symbolism and there are scenes that jump around and no, you're not always going to be sure what's going on. but at the end, all is explained.you will need to concentrate on this movie but i think people are making the mistake of concentrating way too hard on it. after it ends is when you should think about it. if you try to figure it out as it's unfolding, you will overwhelm yourself. just let it happen..."go" with it...keep an open mind. remember what you see and save the analysis for later.i found all the performances top notch and thought it to be tremendously unique, wildly creative, and spellbinding.but i will not critize the intelligence of those of you who didn't enjoy it. it appeals to a certain taste. if you like existential, psychedelic, philosophical, thought-provoking, challenging, spiritual movies, then see it. if you prefer something a little lighter, then skip it.but if you do like what i described, then you will surely enjoy it.

made me think about it for days after seeing it. that to me is the mark of a great movie. eyes wide shut had the same effect on me. i am tired of these people requiring these happy hollywood cookie-cutter endings. i am planning on going to see it again tonight to understand the plot a little better - but regardless, the emotional messages of the movie were totally felt.

warning: does contain spoilers.open your eyesif you have not seen this film and plan on doing so, just stop reading here and take my word for it. you have to see this film. i have seen it four times so far and i still haven't made up my mind as to what exactly happened in the film. that is all i am going to say because if you have not seen this film, then stop reading right now.if you are still reading then i am going to pose some questions to you and maybe if anyone has any answers you can email me and let me know what you think.i remember my grade 11 english teacher quite well. his name was mr. krisak. to me, he was wise beyond his years and he always had this circuitous way of teaching you things that perhaps you weren't all too keen on. if we didn't like shakespeare, then he turned the story into a modern day romance with modern day language so we could understand it. our class room was never a room, it was a cottage and we were on the lake reading a book at our own leisure time. this was his own indelible way of branding something into our sponge-like minds. i begin this review of vanilla sky with a description of this brilliant man because he once gave us an assignment that has been firmly etched in my mind, like the phone number of a long lost best friend, and it finally made some sense to me after watching the matrix. now if i didn't know better, i would have thought that the wachowski brothers were really just an alias for my teacher mr. krisak. but giving them the benefit of the doubt, we'll assume it wasn't him. but that was the first time this assignment was anything more than impalpable. he had asked us to prove to him and to ourselves that were real. show me how you can tell that you are real. this got the class spouting off all of the usual ideas that i'm sure you can imagine. everything from pain, to sense of touch to sense of loss to sense of hunger were spouted off to our teacher to prove to him that we were real. after every scenario that we gave him, he would come back with the one answer that would leave us speechless."what if you are nothing but someone else's dream?"what if you were someone else's dream? what a messed up question that is. this was a question/scenario posed to us about 15 years ago, before the astronomical use of the internet and rapid advancement of computers. how possible could it seem back then? but if you look at today's technology, now ask yourself, what it you were a part of someone else's dream.another brilliant but surreal film this year, david lynch's mulholland drive explored similar areas. but vanilla sky goes deeper than any other film could hope to. in short this is one film that will literally (if you let it) blow your mind from all of the possibilities that surround you.open your eyes.tom cruise plays david aames, a young, hot shot, righteous, full of himself publisher and owner of several magazines. he inherited this from his father and although he has talent and business savvy, his board of governers, the seven dwarfs, think he is a rich dink born with a silver spoon in his mouth. they feel he has done nothing to deserve the pinnacle of success that each and every one of them believes should go to them. early in the film we meet one of david's gorgeous toys named julie gianni, played with pernicious but bombastic perfection by cameron diaz. david and julie play a good game, both claiming they are just there to use each other and are not the slightest bit interested in a monogamous, committed relationship. this is the type of relationship commensurate with david's other flings he's had in the sexual prime of his life. and although both talk a good game, we can tell that only one is really telling the truth. next we meet brian shelby, played with a stroke of genius by kevin smith's good buddy jason lee. brian is writing a book that david is going to publish but they are also very good friends. this is something that david has very little of in his life and you can sense a real caring for one another early on in the film. brian has one famous line that he keeps telling david over and over again. and that is " the sweet ain't so sweet without the bitter." he goes on to tell him that one day he will find true love and not just this part time lover status that he seems to perpetrate with all of the floozies who inhabit his bed for a night or two.at david's huge birthday bash, (so huge that the likes of steven spielberg wish him a happy birthday) brian enters with his date, sofia sorrano, played of course by penelope cruz with what has to be the best performance of this year by an actress. this is a bash by invite only and at first david and sofia seem intrigued with one another. and in typical david fashion, despite his best friend being there, he begins to flirt with sofia. to complicate things, julie shows up uninvited and begins spying on david. david then spends the night with sofia, but they only talk and draw caricatures of one another. there is no hanky panky. the next day, as david is leaving sofia's apartment, he is greeted by julie, who offers him a ride and from there.......well, i think we have all seen the commercials.that is all i will really say about the plot, because from here the film teases us with what is reality and what is blurred perception. we are introduced to a character played by kurt russel and a few other shady characters that all play a part in this labyrinth like haze. there is a subtext of death and possible panacea-like cure-alls that may or not be able to create the possibility of eternal life. this is just one of the intriguing possibilities the movie offers us, but it doesn't end there.like many movies seem to thrive on today, this film has a secret. sixth sense may have began this craze, but look even further back and you can maybe thank angel heart for starting the craze. regardless of how it originated, vanilla sky has one of it's own surreptitious gut busters. and what makes this one so much fun is that the film gives you many obvious clues along the way but not enough to give you an apodictic solution to the gauntlet of truth and lies you have just put yourself through. i have seen this film four times and every time it has been because i want to see if there is something more i can pick up, something more i can understand. to be able to work your mind in the theater, to enable it to open up to new possibilities is something rare in a film. all of the ersatz so called "best pictures of the year" have been good but nothing spectacular. they lack substance. a beautiful mind was intriguing but flat, the royal tenenbaums was interesting but uneven. vanilla sky is a rarity because it is a film that leaves you yearning for more yet guarantees your satisfaction because the film and those that made it care about it. i know this film has received mixed reviews but i just think that those who don't like it don't quite understand it. this is what film making is supposed to be like. this is what a film is supposed to do to you. it is supposed to make you feel something. most of the other films this year have been just empty spaces. this one isn't.10 out of 10 the best film of the year. i would love to see this get nominated for best picture and i would love to see cruz up for best actress, diaz for best supporting, cruise for best actor and jason mewes should be a shoe in for best supporting actor. cameron crowe should there as well. none of this may come to pass, and that is a shame. this is one film that should not be missed. and on a final note, i am quite sure mr. krisak would like this film and maybe this is the one film that may answer his question. can you prove you are real? or are we just a figment of someone's imagination? are we artificially transplanted for someone else's bemusement? this is a film that spawns more questions than it does answers. and i'm sure that is just fine with him.open your eyes

this movie is another on the list that i did not want to see. i was talked into it and dragged into the theater, but boy am i glad for that. i thought it was going to be just another love story, but it turns out to be sooo much more than that. definatly an intellectual flick, one of those movies you have to pay attention to.

david aames is a rich good-looking guy who lives in new york city. when his 'sleeping partner' julie gianni gets very jealous after david falls for spanish beauty sofia, she gets david into her car and tells him that he's the only guy she loves and wants to be with, but seeing as he's in love with sofia, she decides to commit suicide with david in the car with her, by driving off a bridge. david survives the crash, but is left with a disfigured face. he is then charged with the murder of julie. the thing is, david doesn't know what's real and what's not as he keeps having these strange dreams (most of which are actually nightmares.) and flashbacks, some of which just don't make sense to him. everything will soon come back to him though as he's begins to find out the truth.well, there's an all star cast here, including tom cruise, penélope cruz, cameron diaz, kurt russell, jason lee and noah taylor who all give good performances in the movie. in the movie they all put off different things about there characters, like happiness, sadness, angry, etc. really well. there's also a cameo in the movie from the brilliant, steven spielberg.vanilla sky is a well made, different, interesting and original movie which will leave you talking about it a lot after it's finished. it's not just a thriller, but it's a real psychological thriller. the trailer for the movie is really good, but the movie is so different from what it might be made out to be. it's been directed very well and there were a couple of really great scenes here too. all in all, an enjoyable movie which should be really be paid attention too. they are sure making a lot of "are they dead, if not who is dead" movies recently.

as the one-line summary says, two movies have left such a remark on me when i walked out of the theater. the one was "stir of echoes" with kevin bacon, and the second was "vanilla sky".its one of those movies that you sit deep in the theater seat and stop thinking about anyone around you, stop wondering what the end of the movie will be and just leave the movie swift you where it wants... walking out of the cinema was a bit weird, like that feeling you get when you are sick and cant think of anything. one of those movies that you become one with the guy, and feel that nothing else moves around you than the things in the movie.one thing is certain. the actors are awesome, the sound track is excellent, and everything in the movie is 9+.surely one of the best movies i ever saw, and the movie that made the best and most shocking awaking about my life and my purpose in this world.

this film was just absolutly brilliant. it actually made me think. during the whole movie i was confused as hell. i loved everything about it...it was just so confusing and so twisted and weird, it was hard not to love it. all of the actors were phenominal, and no one could have done a better job...this is one of my favorites of the year...it deserves an ocar.

i went to see vanilla sky with a huge, huge, huge!!..tom cruise fan, my extremely cynical brother and my girlfriend ... what can i say .. i was totally blown away by the movie and especially tc's performance, i thought it was a very moving film and it was not at all what i was expecting.i had read the reviews and had decided not to go and see it, i am so pleased that i was 'coerced 'into seeing it. the strange thing is i cannot say why, all i can say is that i found it totally involving and could not stop thinking about it the next day. as to what i felt about the film, all i can say about is, its not the storyline (fantasy, psychodrama, whatever) its about the people and the events that shape their life and how small events, like getting into a car can change everything......as to what the critics wrote, yes maybe the original was a stunning 2nd film for alejandro amenábar , but this was a totally different interpretation of the subject, and by no means a narcissistic remake for the benefit of tom cruise and penelope cruz.i cannot even consider writing a couple of trite, glib sentences to describe the film just go and see it!!!!yes i know this isn't a balanced thoughtful review but so what .it's not that kind of film.

despite excellent trailers for vanilla sky, i was expecting to be disappointed by the film because i'd heard that it did not get great reviews. however, i left the cinema completely in awe of how good vanilla sky is.there was no bad acting at all in the whole film, every single character is believable. the romantic moments between cruise's character, david aames and cruz's character, sophia are tear-jerkingly realistic and intimate (probably due to the fact that they were a soon-to-be real-life couple).the plot of vanilla sky will confuse you in the last third of the film and there's very little chance of you guessing the ending. however, ends are tied up towards the end, leaving you with a strange mixture of feelings consisting of sadness, shock and empathy for david aames.the film is intellectual and you have to pay attention throughout. this isn't that hard because chances are that you'll be completely drawn in to the film and won't take your eyes off the screen for one second.i usually leave cinemas forgetting all about the film i just watch. but vanilla sky is still lingering in my mind days after watching it. i recommend it to anyone who wants a change from simple, shallow films.

i really liked this movie. i've read a few of the other comments, and although i pity those who did not understand it, i do agree with some of the criticisms. which, in a strange way, makes me like this movie all the more. i accept that they have got a pretty cast to remake an intelligent movie for the general public, yet it has so many levels and is still great to watch. i also love the movies, such as this one, which provoke so many debates, theories, possible endings and hidden subtext. congratulations mr.crowe, definitely in my top ten.p.s. saw this when it first came out whilst i was backpacking in mexico, it was late at night and i had to get back to my hotel and i had a major paranoia trip! where does the dream end and the real begin?

strangely, this version of open your eyes is more mature and more nuanced. aided by hindsight, crowe's screenplay is a lot tighter and more fleshed out than amenabar's original. the spanish filmmaker should get credit for thinking of the story first, but there's no doubt that crowe has improved on it -- if just slightly. notice that you have no idea what the lead did in open your eyes, but you know almost everything about the lead in vanilla sky. that's what i mean by more "fleshed out."

this is one of those movies that's difficult to review without giving away the plot. suffice to say there are weird things and unexpected twists going on, beyond the initial superficial "tom cruise screws around with multiple women" plot.the quality cast elevate this movie above the norm, and all the cast are well suited to their parts: cruise as the irritatingly smug playboy who has it all - and then loses it all, diaz as the attractive but slightly deranged jilted lover, cruz as the exotic new girl on the scene and russell as the fatherly psychologist. the story involves elements of romance, morality, murder-mystery, suspense and sci-fi and is generally an entertaining trip.i should add that the photography is also uniformly excellent and the insertion of various visual metaphors is beautiful once you realize what's going on.if you enjoy well-acted movies with twists and suspense, and are prepared to accept a slightly fantastic philip k dick style resolution, then this is a must-see. 9/10

after reading some quite negative views for this movie, i was not sure whether i should fork out some money to rent it. however, it was a pleasant surprise. i haven't seen the original movie, but if its better than this, i'd be in heaven.tom cruise gives a strong performance as the seemingly unstable david, convincing me that he is more than a smile on legs (for only the third time in his career- the other examples were magnolia and born on the fourth of july). penelope cruz is slightly lightweight but fills the demands for her role, as does diaz. the only disappointment is the slightly bland kurt russell. in the movie, however, it is not the acting that really impresses- its the filmmaking.cameron crowe excels in the director's role, providing himself with a welcome change of pace from his usual schtick. the increasing insanity of the movie is perfectly executed by crowe (the brief sequence where cruise walks through an empty time square is incredibly effective). the soundtrack (a distinguishing feature of a crowe movie) is also sublime.you will be shocked and challenged as a viewer. the plot does seem a little contrived but the issues explored behind it are endlessly discussable. the movie isn't perfect, but its a welcome change of pace for cruise and crowe and for those raised on a diet of hollywood gloss, should be a revelation.

i really can say i felt the movie in its right essence where the mind games from dreamy reality enter into the surreal aspect of future faced by tom cruise. i didn't cared much about tom cruise's acting prowess but i must say that he seems to impress at every point in the movie...not simply due to an engaging storyline but also due to his self being imparted to the lead character....they merge and then speak and its beautiful. however i must say this movie doesn't come under the "average flick of weekend" which you pick at random and watch gleefully; it carries strong sentiments and characters so don't wash this one down with your beer and pop-corns. it certainly needs more than that.

this movie consists of such great emotion especially with its outstanding soundtrack that coincides with the film. tom cruise is one of my favorite actors because of his enthusiasm to make films and to entertain. this movie was not the best the first time i watched it, but after about 3 more times i decided that this is one of the best films that i have ever seen. it takes place in new york, and progresses on through his lifestyle. he discovers a delimma in his life with his girlfriend (diaz). he goes through a state of depression and then an outgoing blend of imagination. this film was beyond my expectations, and is one of cruise's best films ever!

i'm from romania i'll try to speak in english. all i want to say about this movie is that it is and will be my all time number one. seen it above 30 times at least and will see it for many years now. it has all the little things i like in a movie , it's very touching makes me cry . shows a whole lot of twisted love things and questions about love and reality , and the true things that matter for different people. it so happens that for me this matters the most , the love , the soul of a man , he's inner being, and this i see in this movie. perhaps for me it's much more than a motion picture , it's a proof in my mind that it could really exist and that you most make the best out of every moment you live with your soul mate. it's a long way from reality to sci-fi , but .. what if. what if all the capitalism disappeared and economy would go down , would fall? we would all be concerned about other issues and my thought is that , on your death bed , the bigger thing you remember , is not the wealth , not the adventure , not the countries you visited and the people that remember you. but the true friends and your true love and the hope that after you die , all will be god damn perfect and people would be good and care more. watch this movie and probably it will guide you through your life like it did to me :) hail from romania

"the sweet is never as sweet without the sour." this quote was essentially the theme for the movie in my opinion. tom cruise plays a young man who was handed everything in his life. he takes things for granted and it comes around full swing in this great movie with a superb twist. this film will keep you engaged in the plot and unable to pause it to take a bathroom break.its a movie that really makes you step back and look at your life and how you live it. you cannot really appreciate the better things in life (the sweet), like love, until you have experienced the bad (the sour). the theme will really get you to "open your eyes".only complaint is that the movie gets very twisted at points and is hard to really understand. i think the end is perfect though. i recommend you watch it and see for yourself.

this film is one of tom cruise's finest films. he captures the audiences imaginations with his role of david aames. his character can relate to us all in some way.the story line is very clever and keeps the audience on edge throughout the whole film. i never really watched cruise movies that much before but after seeing this it shows me his true talent. my favourite part in the movie is the end where it all comes to a big conclusion and he find out the truth. if you have not seen this yet you definitely should give it a try. it's one of those films that once you've started watching it you just got to see it until the end or it will keep you thinking and you will regret it. my opinion is you should just go buy it and take a risk thats what i did and it became one of my favourite films of all time. it's a* 10/10 i promise once you watch it, it will stick with you and you will like it forever.

i could not agree more with the quote "this is one of the best films ever made." if you think vanilla sky is simply a "re-make," you could not be more wrong. there is tremendous depth in this film: visually, musically, and emotionally.visually, because the film is soft and delicate at times (early scenes with sofia) and at other times powerful and intense (times square, post-climactic scenes).the music and sounds tie into this movie so perfectly. without the music, the story is only half told. nancy wilson created an emotional, yet eclectic, score for the film which could not be more suitable for such a dream-like theme (although never released, i was able to get my hands on the original score for about $60. if you look hard, you may be able to find a copy yourself). crowe's other musical selections, such as the beach boys, josh rouse, spiritualized, sigur ros, the monkees, etcetera etcetera, are also perfect fits for the film (crowe has an ear for great music).more importantly, the emotional themes in this film (i.e. love, sadness, regret) are very powerful, and are amplified tenfold by the visual and musical experience, as well as the ingenious dialogue; i admit, the elevator scene brings tears to my eyes time and time again.the best part of this film however (as if it could get any better) is that it is so intelligently crafted such that each time you see the film, you will catch something new--so watch closely, and be prepared to think! sure, a theme becomes obvious after the first or second watch, but there is always more to the story than you think.this is easily cameron crowe's best work, and altogether a work of brilliance. much of my film-making and musical inspiration comes from this work alone. it has honestly touched my life, as true art has a tendency of doing. it continually surprises me that there are many people that cannot appreciate this film for what it is (i guess to understand true art is an art itself).bottom line: vanilla sky is in a league of its own.

"vanilla sky" was a wonderfully thought out movie. or rather, "abre los ojos" was well thought out. i watched that movie late one night, excited about what was to come. i wasn't disappointed. by the end of the movie, i was awstruck. i couldn't get it off my mind. the whole idea of it just blew me away. the ending, was more of a surprise than shyamalan could ever do. the plot line was also something that kept me interesting through and through. the cast, superb. it was an all around wonderful movie. the kind of movie you can watch again and again and always find something new. i've seen it four or five times and i'm always finding something new. it's a movie to keep you interested forever.

vanilla sky is a 2001 remake of the 1997 movie abre los ojos (open your eyes). and in my opinion, a much more human and emotional version. tom cruise plays david aames, a selfish egomaniac who takes other people's emotions for granted, and thinks only of himself. jason lee plays brian shelby, david's best, and in many ways, only friend. penelope cruz plays sofia serrano, brian's girlfriend whom accompanies him to david's birthday party. cameron diaz plays julie gianni, david's occasional bed buddy. kurt russell plays dr. curtis mccabe, a psychologist interviewing david. all of their interactions, and the consequences of them, make vanilla sky one of the most emotional, and complex thrillers ever made. i won't explain anymore of the plot, because it's far more compelling, the less you know. ignore all people that call this film too confusing to follow. if you pay attention, you won't be confused. the film is very complex, but not confusing. and in my opinion, one of the best movies ever made.

how strange the human mind is; this center of activity wherein perceptions of reality are formed and stored, and in which one's view of the world hinges on the finely tuned functioning of the brain, this most delicate and intricate processor of all things sensory. and how much do we really know of it's inner-workings, of it's depth or capacity? what is it in the mind that allows us to discern between reality and a dream? or can we? perhaps our sense of reality is no more than an impression of what we actually see, like looking at a painting by monet, in which the vanilla sky of his vision becomes our reality. it's a concept visited by filmmaker cameron crowe in his highly imaginative and consciousness-altering film, `vanilla sky,' starring tom cruise and penelope cruz. at the age of thirty-three, david aames (cruise) inherits a publishing empire left to him by his father. his fifty-one percent controlling interest, however, has made him something of a marked man, as there are seven members of his board of directors, and each deems himself more worthy than the young mr. aames of the lion's share of the company. and fueling the fires of discontent is their perception that david lacks the focus the job requires.admittedly, david likes to play; still, he's in control of the business and does what he sees fit, whether the board (he refers to them as the `seven dwarfs') likes it or not, and no one has ever had the courage to challenge him directly. but during a lavish birthday party in his honor, one of the corporate lawyers, thomas tipp (timothy spall) warns david that the seven are up to something behind his back. at the time, however, it's the last thing on david's mind; he's been having a casual affair with a friend, julie gianni (cameron diaz), but even that moves to the back burner when he meets a woman at his party that he can't get out of his mind. her name is sofia (penelope cruz), and after knowing her for only one night, she becomes a pivotal part of his life-- which is about to be turned upside down, as on the morning after his party he makes a decision that will change his life forever. and he is about to learn that sometimes, there is simply no going back.director cameron crowe has crafted and delivered much more than just another film with this one; far more than a movie, `vanilla sky' is a vision realized. beginning with the first images that appear on screen, he presents a visually stunning experience that is both viscerally and cerebrally affecting. it's a mind-twisting mystery that will swallow you up and sweep you away; emotionally, it's a rush-- and it may leave you exhausted, because it requires some effort to stay with it. but it's worth it. think `memento' with a driving rock n' roll soundtrack and a vibrant assault of colors proffered by the stroke of an impressionist's brush. there's darkness and light, and sounds that pound and drive until you can feel the blood rushing through your veins and throbbing in your brain. and all played out on a landscape of virtual reality swirling beneath that ever expanding vanilla sky. simply put, this one's a real trip; it's exciting-- and it's a mind bender.as to the performances here, those who can't get past the mind-set of tom cruise as maverick in `top gun,' or his ethan hunt in `mission impossible,' or those who perceive him only as a `movie star' rather than an actor, are going to have to think again in light of his work here. because as david aames, cruise gives the best performance of his career, one that should check any doubts as to his ability as an actor at the door. he's made some interesting career choices the past few years, with films like `magnolia' and `eyes wide shut' merely warm-ups for the very real and complex character he creates here. and give him credit, too, for taking on a role that dispels any sense of vanity; this is cruise as you've never seen him before. `jerry maguire' earned him an oscar nomination, and this one should, also-- as well as the admiration and acclaim of his peers. cruise is not just good in this movie, he is remarkable.penelope cruz turns in an outstanding, if not exceptional performance, as well, as sofia, the woman of david's dreams. there's an alluring innocence she brings to this role that works well for her character and makes her forthcoming and accessible, yet she lacks any hint of mystery that may have added that special `something extra' to the part. but crowe knows how to get the best out of his actors, and he certainly did with cruz.he also knew what he was doing with cameron diaz, who is absolutely vibrant in the role of julie. she's never looked better, and fairly sizzles on screen. but make no mistake, this is no `window-dressing' part, and diaz delivers a complete package with this character. the quality of her performance can be measured, in fact, in the impact she makes with rather limited screen time. and it's the persona she integrates so fully with her innate beauty that makes julie so unforgettable. overall, a terrific job by diaz.the supporting cast includes kurt russell (dr. mccabe), jason lee (brian), johnny galecki (peter), armand schultz (dr. pomerantz), noah taylor (ed), mel thompson (`l.e.' man), jean carol (woman in new york) and john fedevich (silent ed). about half-way through, this one may have you questioning your own sense of reality; but rest assured, by the end of `vanilla sky' all will be revealed. it's a reality-bender, to be sure, and a wild one; but this is exciting entertainment that offers a satisfying-- and unique-- experience, one you have to see to believe. it's the essential, and absolute, magic of the movies. 10/10.

i had heard some not too good things about this movie and had probably seen the low score here at imdb and that's why i had avoided it. today they showed vanilla sky on tv and as i had nothing better to do... and as it turned out, i would have had a hard time finding anything better to do. vanilla sky is a frightening, sad and touching movie, actually one of the best i've seen in a while. i was surprised by how i was affected watching it. it's hard to explain, but during the movie your feelings towards the characters and your perception of what is going on changes and it's quite an emotional journey. vanilla sky really touched me in a way that is very rare for a movie, or any media for that matter.i really recommend everyone to watch this movie. regardless of what you have heard about it.

i for one really like this movie for some reasons i'll go into late but i want to touch on why i think people don't like it. first off, there are people out there who just like to hate tom cruise. i don't understand it really. second, cameron crowe i think successfully p***es off two groups of movie-goers with this film. the casual, relaxed, "not looking to think too hard" group of movie-goers are left confused when the plot takes a complete 180 at the end of the movie. and the deep, philosophical, mystery-fans are devastated when crowe has one of his characters completely explain the mystery.this is a good movie. and tom cruise does a very good job in it. i think it's probably his best performance from what i've seen all though i haven't seen all of his movies, or even a majority of them probably. the supporting cast is good as well. penelope cruz gives a solid performance and jason lee was enjoyable.i like the story, and i think that's what vanilla sky is more than anything. it's a mystery, an adventure, and a romantic comedy, but it's mostly just a good story. and it has a lot of philosophical undertones to it, and many similar ideas and stories like this occur in historical philosophy. david aames (cruise) is the man that had everything he wanted, more or less lost it, was given a second chance with a catch to regain it all back, and in the end facing his demons and the full scope of what is happening, chooses reality, simplicity, and normality to see if he can finally find the one thing he could never get a grip on: happiness.many people were disappointed that crowe laid out the complete mystery at the end. i think it's necessary. the audience then knows beyond a shadow of a doubt that david is aware of his circumstances and it makes the choice at the end all the more powerful.and the music in the movie is great. it's probably what makes the movie as enjoyable as it is. particularly, "njosnavelin" by sigur ros, which is an amazing song.all in all, i'd give it 3 out 4 stars. it's a movie with some substance for those who like to think things through, and a great story for those looking to relax. that "moderate" approach is probably why people dislike it so much because it isn't a full blown mystery, or a full blown love story. it mixes and matches different elements and genres.

someone(or, something thing..)is leaving puncture marks on the jugular and draining victims of their blood till dead. police detective karl brettschneider(melvyn douglas, before slipping out of the b-movie horror genre for greater heights)is stumped at who..or what..is behind these notorious crimes. the village is overcome by hysteria and karl depends on his trusted medical genius, dr. otto von niemann(lionel atwill, in yet another effective mad scientist role)to provide some feedback as to what might be causing the deaths of innocents. he also fears for the safety of his beloved ruth(the lovely fay wray who stars for the third time with atwill after "doctor x" & "the mystery of the wax museum")who is niemann's assistant.dwight frye steals the film as a rather loony village idiot who collects bats and carries a demented demeanor wherever he goes..it's easy to see why he becomes a suspect as local paranoia is at a fever pitch. maude eburne provides the film's humor as a very naive(..and easily influenced)patient of von niemann's who believes she has ailments she reads about in books near the laboratory where he works. she's impressionable and often von niemann just humors her and constant fictional illnesses she feels plagued with. lionel belmore returns as yet another frightened, superstitious bürgermeister.creaky, static, but rather entertaining nonetheless thanks to the cast. the film is obviously as low-budget as they come, but this doesn't hurt the film too much since it's put together rather well by director frank r strayer and his crew. i'm certain the film's print has seen better days, though. this is the kind of b-horror item you'd find packaged in with 50 other random cheesefests and poverty row programmers. the film's villain..and his motives for feeding a synthetically made biological creature..certainly provides a different take on the frankenstein formula. many might be disappointed with the end results as the film strays away from being an actual supernatural tale about a real vampire killer causing the murders.

this film has a lot of strong points. it has one of the best horror casts outside of the lugosi-karloff-chaney circle: lionel atwill, fay wray, and dwight frye, plus leading man melvyn douglas. it's got all the right ingredients: bats, a castle with lots of stone staircases, a mad scientist, townspeople waving torches and hunting vampires, an "igor"-type character, a beautiful girl, even a goofy-haired burgomeister. the soft-focus camera work is moody and imaginative. there's even some good comic relief nicely spaced throughout the script.but it's not really a monster movie because there is nothing supernatural going on in "kleinschloss" ("little castle"). the plot revolves around the generic crazy scientist (nicely played by atwill) who values his work more highly than human lives.it's not top-tier material, because of a ho-hum resolution of the plot and some embarrassingly bad dialog for dwight frye. but it's worth a look if you like early b/w horror pictures.

until today i had never seen this film. its was filmed on the sets of the old dark house and frankenstein and concerns a small bavarian village where supposedly giant bats are sucking the blood of the villagers.frankly its a damn good movie that has atmosphere to spare and a cast that won't quit, lionel atwill, dwight frye, faye wray and melvin douglas playing a character named brettschnieder which is of interest to me since that was my great grandmother's maiden name.this is a carefully modulated film that has suspense and witty one liners that slowly builds for its brief running time, only going astray when about ten minutes before the end they realized they had limited time to wrap everything up. from that point to the end its a straight run to the finish with very little of the fun that preceded it.leonard maltin and imdb list a running time of 71 minutes and warn of shorter prints. the trouble is that imdb and maltin can be wrong, and in this case i think they are since a source i trust more says the full running time is 67 minutes (the overlook film encyclopedia) quibbling about this i know is insane but since most prints that are available tend to run around 60-63 minutes the amount of missing material is considerably less if its only 67 minutes long. personally i think it won't matter that much since its at most five minutes and i doubt very much it will make or break the film.what ever the running time , if you like creaky old films, do, by all means do, watch this movie, its a great dark and stormy night film.

years ago, i found a "bargain bin" copy of this film for a buck or two. in so many ways, this is quite fitting, as when it was made back in 1933, it was truly a cheaply made film by the "poverty row" studio, majestic. however, while the film is rather derivative, it is still well worth watching and provides a few surprises.the story is very, very familiar, as in some germanic town, the people are upset because of some recent deaths that appear to be the work of vampires! adding to this familiarity is dwight frye. he played renfield in dracula, and here he is very, very similar--though he plays a much more harmless weirdo. in this case, he's obsessed with his pet bats and people begin to blame him for the deaths. the film does a good job of providing some "red herrings" (i.e., false leads) and while it doesn't take a genius to figure out frye may not be responsible, the who and why are intriguing and make it very different from the average horror film. in addition, while the production had little money to speak of, it still had some good actors of the day--lionel atwill and melvin douglas--and it also used universal studios sets at night (when they were done filming for the day). as a result, the film looks pretty good overall, though i also thought that, as usual, fay wray was terrible--thought it didn't noticeably detract from the film. i have seen her in more movies than most people on imdb and i have come to notice that her characters have no depth--she always seems to be cast as the "screaming lady" and provides little new in each film.overall, for fans of old horror films, this is excellent and worth seeing. for people who are not fans of the genre, it's probably pretty skip-able.

though not a horror film in the traditional sense, this creepy little film delivers the goods. it seems a vampire is loose in a small german town draining its victims of their blood. police inspector karl brettschneider, melvyn douglas in one of his early roles, is skeptical believing a crazed killer not a vampire is running amok. the only one who believes him is ruth bertin (faye wray) the inspector's girlfriend and lab assistant to dr. otto von niemann (lionel atwill) who though apparently an eminent scientist goes along with the vampire theory. the townspeople suspect the weirdo herman gleib, played with his usual frenzy by dwight frye who seems to be having a lot of fun with his role. the film contains quite a bit of humor which helps relieve some of the intensity involved with all the murders being committed. one funny part has gussie schnappmann (maude eburne), ruth bertin's aunt, thinking weird herman has turned not into a bat but into a dog. maude eburne and dwight frye make a good comedy team.this budget movie brings in elements from "the cabinet of dr. caligari" with dr. niemann using the power of suggestion to make a somnambulist carry out his orders, from "frankenstein" by using the human blood to help create life in the laboratory, and "dracula" since the murders are believed by everyone except the inspector and his girl to be the work of a bloodsucker. thses elements are mixed well by director frank r. strayer with a little comedy thrown in for good measure. the concoction works. the restored version i viewed used tinting to increase the spooky atmosphere. so try to see the this version if possible.

in an attempt to cash in on the success of universal's horror films majestic pictures hired several popular actors from the current genre and put them in this effort that (realistically speaking) is nowhere near as good. with that, this is still worth everyone's time and it's a heck of a lot of fun to view and in my opinion it's better than most of what is supposed to pass nowadays as horror! story takes place in the small german town of klineschloss where the bodies have been piling up completely drained of blood and with suspicious puncture marks. burgermister gustave schoen (lionel belmore) shouts "it's vampires" but the local police chief karl brettschneider (melvyn douglas) thinks it's a madman who's responsible and he vows to catch him.*****spoiler alert***** the burgermeister and most of the towns folk think that the local kook herman glieb (dwight frye) who loves bats and frequently talks to them is the one they are looking for and they chase him until he falls to his death in a cave. the one who is responsible for the killings is dr. otto von niemann (lionel atwill) who has created a new form of tissue mass that feeds on blood and he accomplishes this by having some sort of mind control over his servant emil (robert frazer) who goes out at night to collect the blood. dr. otto has a pretty assistant named ruth bertin (fay wray) and an annoying aunt named gussie (maude eburne) but they have no clue what he's up to but karl eventually become suspicious when one of the murders takes place after herman's death.frank r. strayer was never confused with being james whale but he was a pretty competent director who ended up directing most of the "blondie" films in that series and with this film he uses the same sets from "the old dark house" which was also filmed at universal. i'm the first to admit that this film is downright clumsy at times but it's practically impossible to resist a film that has a cast like this including frye who is pretty much doing his renfield role only this time he befriends bats and strokes them and keeps them in his pocket for safe keeping! one thing that just doesn't make sense is the mind control that dr. otto has over emil as the film never explains this and i had a strong sense that this was some sort of nod to "the cabinet of dr. caligari" but on the other hand it's probably just the weakest part of the script. there are a few other tidbits that i noticed including the chase of frye to the big caves which is obviously an early shot of the infamous bronson canyon where numerous other films have been made and also wray's brown hair which is her true color. true horror film fans will appreciate this more than others but i think this is a fun film to view for everyone and with a cast as attractive as this it's well worth a look.

mysterious murders in a european village seem the result of the vampire bat horde plaguing the terrified community.this surprisingly effective little thriller was created by majestic pictures, one of hollywood's poverty row studios. the sparse production values and rough editing actually add to its eerie atmosphere and lend it an almost expressionistic quality. overall, it leaves the viewer the feeling of being caught up in a bad dream, which is appropriate for a thriller of this sort.even though the eventual explanation for the hideous crimes is quite ludicrous and is not given proper plot development, the film can boast of a good cast. grave lionel atwill gives another one of his typically fine performances, this time as a doctor doing scientific research in an old castle. beautiful fay wray plays his assistant in a role which requires her to do little more than look lovely & alarmed. dour melvyn douglas appears as the perplexed police inspector who also happens to be, conveniently, miss wray's boyfriend.maude eburne, who could be extremely funny given the right situation, steals most of her scenes as miss wray's hypochondriac aunt. elderly lionel belmore plays the village's terrified burgermeister. and little dwight frye, who will always be remembered for his weird roles in the frankenstein and dracula films, here is most effective as a bat-loving lunatic.

dwight frye steals the show in this one as a foolish young man(who seems to be mentally handicapped) who gets himself blamed for vampire-like murders especially after he reveals his love for bats which he likes to stroke and give to unsuspecting friends as 'gifts'!. besides all of that, there's an entertaining mystery tale involving the above mentioned murders. underrated.

i take issue with the other reviewer's comments for the simple reason that this is a mystery film, not a supernatural one! it is not the only film to have a seemingly "supernatural" explanation ("vampires"), but turns out to be a very mundance one.other films that come to mind are edgar wallace's "before dawn" and the (more famous) "mark of the vampire". the film does a wonderful job in creating a very "spooky atmosphere", similar dracula, when renfield meets the count on the staircase of his castle, or in mark of the vampire, when the two people look thru the windows of the castle ruins and see a "corpse" playing an organ, while luna descends using wings! very surreal!if one likes these (often silent) atmospheric touches, this film is a must!norm vogel

the great vincent price has done many fantastic horror films, some of which range among the greatest genre gems of all-time. price's greatest achievements were doubtlessly his films in the 60s, with films such as roger corman's brilliant poe-cycle (still the greatest horror cycle of all-time), michael reeves' "witchfinder general" (1968) or ubaldo ragona's "the last man on earth" (1964) marking the ultimate highlights of this brilliant man's career. the films that made the man famous and thereby made him the immortal horror icon he is, however date back to the 50s, with "house of wax" (1953) marking his rise to stardom. "the mad magician" of 1954 follows a plot that is very similar to that of its successful predecessor. this is not to say, however, that this film isn't an original, delightfully macabre and absolutely wonderful gem itself. as the lines above may suggest, vincent price is my favorite actor, and, while i personally would not allow myself to miss anything the man has been in, none of my fellow fans of the man may miss this little gem.price stars as don galico (aka. galico the great), an underrated master magician and inventor of magic devices, whose boss, a sleazy businessman, stole his wife (eva gabor) from him. when the boss takes away one of galico's ingenious inventions and gives it to his rival, the great rinaldi (john emery), galico snaps, and a murderous spree of revenge begins...don't we love vincent price when he's out for revenge? some of his most famous and greatest films such as "the abominable dr. phibes" (1971) or "theater of blood" (1973) were about absurd and delightfully macabre revenge murders, and this earlier film in his horror career is another proof that no one takes revenge as vincent price does. this film provides a wonderfully eccentric leading role for price, who, as always, delivers a brilliant performance, and guarantees 70 minutes of outrageously entertaining and macabre fun for every horror fan. another must-see for my fellow price fans.

gender bender sexes things up a bit for the x-files. this episode has an interesting premise, a good story, but an ending that is wanting. gender bender is also the x-files debut for actor nicholas lea, better known as alex krycek. in this episode he plays michael, a man attacked by one of "the kindred". you need to see this episode just to see nic lea's less than spectacular beginning. an interesting thing about the kindred's "power of seduction". when marty does it to his victims, they become turned onto him/her. however, when andrew seduces scully, she only because disoriented and groggy, and does not become attracted to andrew. maybe it's because marty has more experience at it than andrew. this episode reminds me of why it would sometimes be miserable to film up in british columbia. throughout the episode it is so wet, soggy, and muddy, it could not have been that much fun. despite the disappointing ending, gender bender is still a decent episode to view.

okay, that was a pretty damn good episode. much better than the credit it receives.the camera work is splendid. best yet. i love that final shot. the atmosphere is fantastic, the costumes are great and the guest cast (minus the helpless victims) is strong. what i don't like about this episode is that many things that are left unexplained. why does it change sex? what's the purpose? and they're aliens? what kind? why were they never shown again in the later mythology?i'm giving this episode a high three stars. one of my favorites yet, but the plot holes bother me. still... not gonna let it ruin my entertainment.

gender bender the limerick:a man or a woman? who knows?it turns out that 'it' is both.sleeping in claythen they all went awayin one of their ufos.gender bender is another great season 1 episode. i enjoy this one because the story is the kind where you are never really sure what's gonna happen next. it is entirely original. the teaser is very fun with the close up of the eye and the reflection of the disco lights. i really need to learn my that thumb trick the genderbender heshe does. i really like the atmosphere at the kindred's little village and mulder and scully sneaking around in the middle of the night. its very exciting. this is one of my favorite season 1 episodes in fact. i think the thing i like about it so much is how they turn out to be aliens in the end and left crop circles. many people see this as a non-mythology related alien episode kind of like "the unnatural" or "space" but i think this could easily be seen as mythology related. maybe the genderbender was just like the alien bounty hunter and could appear to look like anyone. huh? anyway i give the episode a 9 out of 10.

this episode from the first season slightly edges towards controversy with the whole gender bending angle.i imagine there would have been a significant amount of editing before this was finished to appease censors.the story itself is original and well written and the directing is complemented by the fine acting.(nicholas lea makes his x-files debut though not as agent krycek but as a victim called michael) i especially enjoyed the built up to and the ending itself.its different but enjoyable.ignore any bad reviews you may hear.watch it for yourself and make judgement then

i recently purchassed the very underrated dreamcast and went off into town to find some games to use them on. i bought soul calibur (a classic) and then i stepped across the domain of resident evil code veronica. i have resident evil 1 & 2, and have played res evil 3 numerous occasions, and i have been impressed with all of them, especially no.1 which has to go down in history has a classic.but none of them 3 come anywhere near to the dreamcast attempt of brilliant gory gameplay. if its just for the sake of buying a dreamcast for this game it is worth every moment of your time and effort, ive never been so enthralled over a computer game in the way this has enthralled me.anyway, the story carrys on from the 2nd story in which claire redfield searches for her brother (chris - from the 1st story), who is presumed missing under the conspiracy of the dreaded umbrella corporation. little is known about this corporation except the fact that you though you destroyed them 3 times in the previous storys.so aiding claire, with the assistant of super brat steve, u must unlock the truth of the real location of your brother. the 2nd cd enables you to control chris, thats if you manage to get that far without running out of the room in fear.the control are very slick and the movement of the characters are magnificently realistic, when the character notices danger, he/she faces the direction it is coming from. pure genius!!overall i gave this game 10/10 because it is simply the game of the year, game of the decade and the best game in the world full stop!!. please purchase this game as soon as possible.

this game ranks above all so far. i had the honor of playing mine on ps2 so the graphics were really good. the voice acting was above standard. the difficulty level is just right. wesker has to be the best characters in the re series in my opinion. the story amazed me and took many different twist that i wasn't expecting. the only rating this game deserves is great.

i just can't believe that these games can get so much better, but they do. unfortunately i had to rent a dreamcast to play it, but even though i did beat it i can't wait to buy it for ps2. this is the only series of games that i must own all of them even if i have beaten them many times over. i hope they never stop making this type of game even if the series must come to an end.

one of the most frightening game experiences ever that will make you keep the lights on next to your bed. great storyline with a romantic, horrific, and ironic plot. fans of the original resident evil will be in for a surprise of a returning character! not to mention that the voice-acting have drastically improved over the previous of the series. don't miss out on the best of the series.

this is one of the best of the series, ranking up there with resident evil 3: nemesis (or biohazard: last escape) the game has a very good storyline in which you play as claire redfield in the search for her brother,chris redfield (whom you probably know from the original resident evil) it is as scary as the other resident evil, and contains alot more cutscenes.my rating: **** out of ***** stars (rating based on comparison to other videogames)

resident evil:code veronica is a great well made video game,it has great graphics,very comfortable controls,a great storyline and high fun factor.the storyline to this is claire redfield gets taken to an island for trespassing on umbrella grounds,and reaking havoc at they're main lab while looking for her brother.code veronica's graphics are very good,the fire and rain effects are great looking.the controls are comfy,but the button pattern doesnt fit the dreamcast control,makeing it hard to get used to.its still fun going around some wierd disturbing place,shooting the guts out of zombies.code:veronica also has a little bit of "romance" between the two main characters.you also get to play as chris redfield,from resident evil 1.the sound in this game is better than ever,for example,even though i hate the new feature,when the giant spiders crawl,they're feet make a disturbing scampering sound,and the guns sound alot more realistic.great graphics,outstanding story,comfy controls,and realistic sound makes resident evil code:veronica a definite loved. i give it a 10 out of 10.

this is a strange, cerebral, surreal, esoteric film. if there is such a thing as "intellectual horror" cinema, this film is it. i started to get scared and wish there was someone else watching it with me, and it barely has a plot! i'm going to have to see this film again multiple times before i feel i really understand it. if you're the kind of person who likes "my dinner with andre" and films by godard, or if you do a lot of mind-altering drugs, you will probably enjoy this film. wow.

l'hypothèse du tableau volé/the hypothesis of the stolen painting (1979) begins in the courtyard of an old, three-story parisian apartment building. inside, we meet the collector, an elderly man who has apparently devoted his life to the study of the six known existing paints of an obscure impressionist-era painter, tonnerre. a narrator recites various epigrams about art and painting, and then engages in a dialogue with the collector, who describes the paintings to us, shows them to us, tells us a little bit about the painter and the scandal that brought him down, and then tells us he's going to show us something....as he walks through a doorway, we enter another world, or worlds, or perhaps to stretch to the limits, other possible worlds. the collector shows us through his apparently limitless house, including a large yard full of trees with a hill; within these confines are the 6 paintings come to life, or half-way to life as he walks us through various tableaux and describes to us the possible meanings of each painting, of the work as a whole, of a whole secret history behind the paintings, the scandal, the people in the paintings, the novel that may have inspired the paintings. and so on, and so on. every room, every description, leads us deeper into a labyrinth, and all the while the collector and the narrator engage in their separate monologues, very occasionally verging into dialogue, but mostly staying separate and different.i watched this a second time, so bizarre and powerful and indescribable it was, and so challenging to think or write about. if i have a guess as to what it all adds up to, it would be a sly satire of the whole nature of artistic interpretation. an indicator might be found in two of the most amusing and inexplicable scenes are those in which the collector poses some sexless plastic figurines -- in the second of them, he also looks at photos taken of the figurines that mirror the poses in the paintings -- then he strides through his collection, which is now partially composed of life-size versions of the figures. if we think too much about it and don't just enjoy it, it all becomes just faceless plastic....whether i've come to any definite conclusions about "l'hypothèse du tableau volé", or not, i can say definitely that outside of the early (and contemporaneous) works of peter greenaway like "a walk through h", i've rarely been so enthralled by something so deep, so serious, so dense....and at heart, so mischievous and fun.

i must say i was impressed the cinematography was amazing, the frames close to perfection and the way he built up the tension around a subject that sound more like a dreadful bore is beyond be.the film is about two narrators, one seen, one unseen. they are both trying to explain the significant of a series of painting that caused a scandal a long time back. the film is all about theories and explanations of views but the conclusion is quite shocking i must say. definitely a film that deserves more than it's 171 votes.with only 66 minutes to play out it's plot the film still felt like a complete work. fantastic direction! i must say far better than blood of the poet which it for some strange reason remind me a bit of. i suppose you can call it by the slang word "artsy". it's pretty much just a lot of professional talk about various theories and stunning visual effects but the crew and ruiz did pull it off. at least for me. an amazing film.

vincent price's follow-up to house of wax (1953), the film which cemented his reputation as a horror icon, similarly revolves around a bitter  albeit resourceful  showman. though a remake, the former (shot in technicolor) remains the superior effort; that said, apart from some resistible comic relief, the obligatory resort to cheap gimmickry (it was another 3-d showcase) and occasional narrative shortcomings (whatever happened to the missing bag which supposedly turned up at some police station containing a severed head?), this offers more than enough grand guignol-type thrills and overall camp value (price hamming it up in a variety of disguises as an inventor of illusions impersonating 'missing' star conjurers who had taken advantage of his genius) to stand on its own two feet. incidentally, director brahm's involvement here proves no mere coincidence  since the narrative incorporates elements from two horror titles (both starring laird cregar) he had previously helmed i.e. the lodger (1944) and hangover square (1945). the young leads are played by mary murphy (as price's ingénue assistant) and patrick o'neal (as her police detective boyfriend  curiously enough, he would himself take the lead in a similar piece, chamber of horrors [1966], which i have acquired just in time to serve as an encore to this one). an interesting sideline here is the latter's adoption of a novel detection technique, fingerprinting, which is crucial in bringing about price's downfall (in a predictable but rather awkward fiery climax)though the persistent snooping of his amateur crime novelist landlady has at least as much to do with it in the long run! watching the star in a made-to-measure role, the film emerges a good deal of fun  particularly at a compact 73 minutes.

the film begins with vincent price about to begin his performance as a magician. however, mid-way through the very successful show, the police come and shut him down. it seems that his old boss had cheated him out of the tricks price had created--even those he made on his own time at home. as a result, price justifiably kills the evil man. the problem is that while the viewer understood why price killed and most probably thought this was a good thing, because price was a bit mad, he just couldn't stop at one (sort of like eating lay's potato chips).the film was full of very creative and spectacular magic tricks (including a huge circular saw and a crematorium for the shows), great plot twists as well as exciting action. one thing you can't say about this film is that it is dull. while it's also far from subtle, it is fun throughout, though and well worth a look.had i never seen vincent price's version of house of wax, i probably would have liked the mad magician a lot more and scored it an 8 or 9. that's because while the mad magician is a wonderful film, it's highly reminiscent of the film that preceded it (house of wax). the bottom line is that since house of wax was so successful, the formula was re-hashed in the follow-up film. both were made in 3-d, both have a plot where price has every justification to kill but he can't stop once he's committed the first and both are great fun to watch. the biggest differences, and there are few, are that house of wax was in color and was more of a horror film and the mad magician was definitely more of a mystery.my advice is to see this film and house of wax (the price version only). they are both terrific 1950s horror films.

the jist: see something else.this film was highly rated by gene siskel, but after watching it i can't figure out why. the film is definitely original and different. it even has interesting dialogue at times, some cool moments, and a creepy "noir" feel. but it just isn't entertaining. it also doesn't make a whole lot of sense, in plot but especially in character motivations. i don't know anyone that behaves like these characters do.this is a difficult movie to take on -- i suggest you don't accept the challenge.

the jist: see something else.this film was highly rated by gene siskel, but after watching it i can't figure out why. the film is definitely original and different. it even has interesting dialogue at times, some cool moments, and a creepy "noir" feel. but it just isn't entertaining. it also doesn't make a whole lot of sense, in plot but especially in character motivations. i don't know anyone that behaves like these characters do.this is a difficult movie to take on -- i suggest you don't accept the challenge.

if in the 90's you're adapting a book written in the 50's, set the bloody thing in the 50's and not the '90's. see, 40 year old mores and values tend not to play as well, or ring as true, that far down the road. it's a simple rule that hollywood habitually keeps violating. and that's the problem with this film. it should have been set in the era it was written in. you'd think that would be a no-brainer, but nooo. i'd elaborate, but bmacv's comment spells it out quite well. i'll limit my commentary to rachel ward. she looks like she dieted her ass completely out of existence for this role. as a result, she looks like a crack ho' on chemotherapy, and is about as sexy as a gay leather couch in drag. i found her "i could die at any moment" look quite disconcerting, and it greatly detracted from her supposed "hotness" and the "sexual tension" the film intended to create. other than that, the film was quite good; a 7+ out of 10.

"after dark, my sweet" is a strange mix of sensuality and dullness. the film runs slow, very slow, but takes a rythm to tell a story about murder and passion. jason patric never ever was so sexy and powerful (the man gives a true performance), and rachel ward is all but sexy.the sexual tension, the pshycological heat, the footsteps of the past... the flashback scenes, the weirdness of the patric´s character, all becomes a sexy mystery. i recommend this one cause is the more sexy dull movie that i ever seen. check the love making scene, it´s particulary sexy.

the performances in this movie were fantastic. the dialogue was great. jason patric delivered a fantastic performance as "kid" collins in this wonderful adaptation of the jim thompson novel. far superior to "the grifters", which was a good movie, this film really stayed true to the pulp fiction/film noir roots from which the story came. i recommend this movie to all film noir fans.

foley's noir quality in this saturated and intense pulp film is seemingly "perfectly" fit together. shot by shot, edit by edit, the film unfolds itself around a disturbed boxer discovering his own purpose (or lack thereof). the other comments around perhaps indicate a lack of pulp interest, but i personally think this is a superbly put together cinematic piece!

i saw this film a few years ago and i got to say that i really love it.jason patric was perfect for this weird role that he played.the director?i don't too many things about him...and i don't care.the screenplay is good,that's for sure.in just a few words i have to say about this movie that is weird,strange,even dark,but it's a good one.i saw it a few years ago and never saw it since then.i want to see it again and again.i know that i'm not gonna get sick of watching it.the scenes,the atmosphere,the actors,the story...everything is good.the movie should have lasted longer.i think 120 minutes should have been perfect.i was hoping for a part 2 for this movie.too bad it din't happened.jason patric:you're the man ! very good movie. the end. :-)

an excellent interpretation of jim thompson's novel, this neo-noir thriller has all the requisite elements--deranged ex-boxer turned drifter, alcoholic widow with sinister desires, ex-cop turned small-time crook, and a kidnap plot destined for doom. yet, the film never crosses into cliche country, but remains fresh and intriguing. the performances are all superb, particularly bruce dern's role as the wicked sleazeball, uncle bud. there is a tense uncertainty to the film's movement which, intentional or not, adds to the grim proceedings. highly recommended.

i didn't expect much when i rented this movie and it blew me away. if you like good drama, good character development that draws you into a character and makes you care about them, you'll love this movie.engrossing!

if you're as huge of a fan of an author as i am of jim thompson, it can be pretty dodgy when their works are converted to film. this is not the case with scott foley's rendition of after dark my sweet. a suspenseful, sexually charged noir classic that closely follows and does great justice to the original text. jason patrick and rachel ward give possibly the best performances of their careers. and the always phenomenal bruce dern might have even toped him self with this one. like thompson's book this movie creates a dark and surreal world where passion overcomes logic and the double cross is never far at hand. a must see for all fans of great noir film. ****!!!

after dark, my sweet is a great, modern noir, filled with seedy characters, dirt roads, and, of course, sweaty characters. it seems that most of the truly great noirs of the last two or three decades have taken place in the south, where the men glisten and the ladies, um, glisten too. why? because it's hooooottttttttttt. and because everyone looks better wet (at least the men do - sweaty women leave me clammy). anyway - there might be some spoilers in here. this film is a wonderful example of everything a noir should be - steady pacing (though some with attention disorders refer to it as 'slow'), clearly and broadly drawn (though not simple) characters, and tons of atmosphere. noir, if anything, is about moods and attitudes. that's why the great ones are not marked by your traditional definitions of 'great' acting (look at bogart, mitchum, hurt, and nicholson - they (and their characters) were anything but real - but they had style and sass and in a crime movie that's exactly what you want). or quickly paced adventures (again all great noirs seem to be on slow burn like a cigarette). great noirs create an environment and you just inhabit it with the characters for a couple hours. after dark my sweet let's you do that - and it let's you enjoy the company of some very interesting and complex characters. uncle bud and collie are intriguing - never allowing the audience to know what really makes them tick - and patric and dern (i love bruce dern, by the way) are pitch perfect, dern especially (see previous comment). they take the basic outlines of a character and give them depth and elicit our sympathies. the story itself is also interesting. there're better plots in the world of noir (hardly any mystery here - mostly it's suspense), but this one is solid. if anything, the simply 'okay' plot has more to do with jim thompson's writing than anything else. with thompson, plots are almost secondary; he eschewed the labyrinthine tales of hammett and chandler for simpler stories with stronger, more confusing characters. look at a novel like the killer inside me and and you'll see right away (from the title) what it's all about. when it comes to thompson, it's not what it's about, it's how it's about it (to quote roger ebert). so, really, the relatively simple plot of a kidnapping is not the point and, if you don't like it, well the jokes on you. why this is an 8star movie rather than a 10star one is because of the female lead. she's not bad, per se, but she's not angelica huston or anette benning (see the adaptation of jim thompson's the grifters if you don't know what i'm talking about - besides it's a better movie and you should start there for contemporary noir - it's the best of the 1990s and challenges blood simple for the title of best since chinatown). she simply doesn't have the chops (or the looks for that matter) and though she and patric have some chemistry, i don't have it with her. so there.

ever read jim thompson? he's hard-boiled noir with the most extreme fatalism and misanthropy i've ever encountered. there are rarely private detectives in his work - just losers, psychotics and small-time con artists. this film has thompson nailed - "if god made any real mistakes in this world, it was in giving us a will to live when we've got no excuse for it." every character in the film balances on a razor's edge between surreal and creepy realism. there's sleazy, conniving uncle bud, played by bruce dern and spookily well-intentioned doc goldman played by george dickerson. jason patric gives a wonderful, often heart-wrenching performance as kid collins, a none-too-bright, shy ex-fighter who's more scared of himself than of anyone else. rachel ward is fay, the sexy femme fatale who we can't quite figure out...it's not your standard film noir, nor is it intended to be. after dark my sweet, along with the grifters, are two excellent adaptations of novels by one of my favorite writers, jim thompson.

it is rare that one comes across a movie as flawless as this. it's truly one of the best acted, most tightly structured films i've ever seen. every line of dialogue can be interpreted in several ways, relating to each of the three main characters differently. the film weaves an intrinsic web of motivations and double crosses that snare you and refuse to let go. add to this that the slow-burning romance between kevin and faye is as moving as anything that's ever been committed to celluloid and you have the ingredients for a perfect film. it exposes the romance of movies such as "titanic" as the trite cliches they are. if you're looking for a movie to watch while you fold laundry, this isn't it. you have to commit yourself to this film. you can't have a conversation while running in and out of the room. this movie demands your attention. treat it with the respect you deserve and you'll get a lot out of it. unless you think "titanic" is the greatest film ever.

the first of two jim thompson adaptations released in 1990 (the other being the more well-known grifters), after dark has all of thompson's hallmarks: dangerous women, the confidence game, and characters that are either not as dim as others suspect them of being, or not as harmless.jason patric is superb as a former boxer disqualified from the sport for life due to an incident in the ring (director james foley uses raging bull-esquire sequences to flesh out the back story) and the too-little-seen rachel ward also delivers a great performance. but bruce dern is the film's secret weapon: his sweet-talking grifter uncle bud subtly commands each of his scenes.there's almost no comic relief in this film, so watch it prepared to be sucked into the void.

intense actors like bruce dern, jason patrick and rachel ward combine to make this modern-day film noir a winner. of the three, i don't know who was most interesting as all offer good performances and intriguing characters.patric does the narration in this noir, playing an ex-boxer and mental patient. wow, that alone makes for an interesting guy! he looks dumb, but he isn't. ward is the slinky, attractive, cynical, intelligent and compassionate co- conspirator of a kidnapping plan that goes bad. bruce dern also is in the mix and dern never fails to fascinate in about any film.the movie could be considered kind of downer to the average viewer, but i found it fascinating....and i don't like depressing movies normally. what i found was a kind of quirky crime film. take a look and see if you agree. this is pretty unknown film that shouldn't have that status because it's simply a good story and well-done.

even though it has one of the standard "revenge price plots," this film is my favorite of vincent price's work. gallico has that quality that is missing in so many horror film characters- likeability. when you watch it, you feel for him, you feel his frustration, the injustices against him, and you cheer him on when he goes for vengeance, even though he frightens you a little with his original fury. as the film goes on, his character becomes tragic. he's committed his murder, but now he must kill to cover that up. and again to cover that one up. and again... your stomach sinks with his soul as it goes down its spiral- like watching a beloved brother turn into a hood. even if the revenge story is of old, the plot devices themselves are original- gallico uses his tricks to kill in more and more inventive ways. a shame this one isn't available for home veiwing.

so halfway through the season, i got so caught up in school and my activities that i didn't realize that the show had been canceled halfway through, which is crap.i think the followers of this show should write fox and ask them to at least finish filming so that a the season can be released on dvd later. maybe then they'll see how many people were disappointed that the show didn't survive its first season.i loved the show and looked forward to it every thursday after the oc. can you imagine my disappointment when i came back to try and watch the show only to discover that it had disappeared? needless to say, i'm not very happy with fox right now. even more so after discovering that no ending was filmed. i mean, if you're going to work on a project, at least finish it to see what happens. a half filmed show is like a half made car, it's pretty much useless. fox, film the damn ending and give some of the show's fans some peace.

i can't believe that they took this off the air. especially, when they only had a few more episodes left. my daughter, sister and a few of my friends loved watching this show. we were so upset when they stopped showing this because of so called ratings. it is not fair to the people who were watching this show since the beginning. we had a right to see the end. i wish they would take an overall vote from all people with a 3 times a year voting system. they could send out papers in the mail and we as viewers could give an overall vote on all programs that we watch or have heard about. this could also help promote a new show. people would see it and wonder what it is. not only could you see what the viewers are watching, you could also use this as a tool for free advertisement for tv and cable channels. we want to see the other episodes. bring it back!!

i really love this show, it's like reading a book and each chapter leaves you wanting more. it gets you thinking about what is going to happen in the next episode, and the struggle of trying to maintain their friendship throughout the years. after each episode ends it leaves a sweet bitter taste in your mouth knowing that: one - the show was good, you can't wait for the next episode and it really gets you thinking about what actually happens to the friends throughout the twenty years. and two - the fact that the show has been put "on hiatus" and we will not see the show finish in it's entirety. fox obviously do not know what they have done, they claim that they are losing viewers in the 18 - 49 category they clearly do not know what people want to see if they got rid of a good show such as "reunion". i have one query though that i would like to raise. if they were to bring the show back and it went on for another season how would it work since each episode is done in the period of a year and the story is based on what happens in the span of twenty years? your answers are most welcome. bring back reunion! bring back reunion!

so, fox pulled the plug midway through a drama/mystery...how lame is that? do they expect us to invest our time in their new shows when there is a realistic risk of never finding out what happens? why weren't the remaining, already filmed episodes aired in the us? they were broadcast elsewhere.hey, fox! are you listening? this was a great show, but you left us hanging. if you're going to introduce new drama/mysteries, at least air a conclusion before abruptly ending mid-theme. every time something like this happens (and it seems to happen a lot with you - i.e., fox), there are more of those who will "wait and see" before investing their time. this means you will see an artificially low interest share, and are more likely to end the series. see? it is a vicious cycle. don't let us down again...

i'm usually not too into a specific show (save for the o.c. & desperate housewives...hey, i am 20!), but, no kidding, after one episode of reunion i was hooked.i can't even say how bummed i was that it's time-slot conflicted with bush's speech last night because i was really looking forward to the 1987 episode, which will now air next thursday. again, that conflict was disadvantageous because, being a new show, it needs to build up a following and having the second episode pushed back a week kills some momentum.that said, tv doesn't always have to be emmy worthy to be enjoyable. i don't expect reunion to take home any prizes, but i do expect it will be able to capture my attention all season. ever watch the first few episodes of a beloved show years later? sometimes you wonder how you ever got hooked. character building takes some time.the one episode for each year idea is wonderful, in my opinion. the only other show i can recall doing something similar is 24, with each episode being an hour...and having an eventful year is more realistic than a day that eventful! please give this show a shot. relax about art form...it's just tv!

well, well....roeg touched a bit of a nerve there, didn't he? he was a genius while he was cataloguing his various characters' descents into psychosis for a couple of decades, but as soon as he has the bad taste to suggest that redemption (or even some good advice) might be found in the bad old catholic church, the hipper-than-thou alternative movie crowd gets extra vicious. worse still, theresa russell's character - faced with experiences that nothing in her avowedly rationalist outlook has an explanation for, is unwillingly forced to deal with those experiences on another level - that of the spiritual. you know, the realm of the ignorant and superstitious, the sort of thing that the art-house cinephiles are supposed to be above. oh, the horror... so she finds her marriage - the idea that it might be a uniquely important commitment - affirmed by what seems uncomfortably like divine intervention. people who find this idea prima facie offensive could maybe ask themselves why they instinctively jump into attack mode at being challenged to take seriously the idea of a spiritual dimension to their lives. but they probably won't. sure, this film has some problems, notably talia shire's delirious hamwork as the overwrought nun, 1950s-style attire and all. and the dialogue between marie davenport and the young priest in their last scene is straight out of the spellbound school of glib interpretations (though hitchcock's movie escaped similar charges due to the source of wisdom having impeccably secular credentials as a freudian psychoanalyst). but, sadly, nicolas roeg appears to have copped a critical mauling as much for even asking the question as for the possible answers this film presents.

after reading the other tepid reviews and comments, i felt i had to come to bat for this movie.roeg's films tend to have little to do with one another, and expecting this one to be like one of his you liked is probably off the mark.what this film is is a thoughtful and unabashed look at religious faith. the only other film like it-in terms of its religious message-would have to be tolkin's `the rapture.'i am astonished that anyone could say the story is muddled or supernatural. it is a simple movie about catholic faith, miracles, and redemption--though you would never guess it till the end. it is also the only movie i can think of whose resolution turns, literally, on a pun.as a (happily) fallen catholic myself, i know what the movie is about, and i find a sort of fondness in its ultimate innocence about the relation between god and man. but if you are not familiar with the kind of theology on which the film is based, then it will go right over you head.as a film-as opposed to a story-`cold heaven' it is not ground-breaking. while `the rapture' is heavy with pictorial significance and cinematic imagery, `cold heaven' downplays its own cinematic qualities. there are no striking shots, no edgy effects, no attempts to fit the content to the form. it is workmanlike shooting, but subdued. nor does it have dialogue or acting to put it in a class of high drama. it is a simple story that unfolds simply. it may seem odd; but at the end the mystery is revealed. it looks ambiguous; but with a single line the ambiguity vanishes in a puff of catholic dogma.in this regard, `cold heaven' has at its heart exactly the same sort of thing that drives a movie like `the sting,' or `the sixth sense,' or `final descent,' or polanski's `a pure formality.' all of these are films with a trick up their sleeves. they may frustrate you along the way, but they have a point-an obvious one, indeed--but the fun is, at least in part, in having been taken in.still, even if it seems like little more than a shaggy dog story with a punch line, it is worth watching for way it directs-and misdirects-you. try it-especially if you are, or have ever been, a catholic.

eye in the labyrinth is not your average giallo...and to be honest, i'm not really sure that it really is a giallo; but giallo or not, despite some problems, this is certainly a very interesting little film. i'm hesitant to call it a giallo because the film doesn't feature most of the things that make these films what they are; but many genre entries break the mould, and this would seem to be one of them. the film doesn't feature any brutal murders as many giallo's do, but this is made up for with a surreal atmosphere and a plot just about confusing enough to remain interesting for the duration. the plot seems simple enough in that it focuses on a doctor who is murdered by julie, his patient who, for some reason, she sees him as her lover and father and is offended when he walks out on her. we then relocate to a big house lived in by a number of people, but nothing is really what it seems as there are a number of secrets surrounding various events that happened before julie's arrival...the film seems to be professing something about how the mind is like a labyrinth. this never really comes off, and i preferred to just sit back and enjoy what was going on rather than worrying about what point (if any) the film is trying to make. eye in the labyrinth is directed by mario caiano, the director behind the excellent night of the doomed some years earlier. he doesn't create the atmosphere as well in this film as he did in the earlier one; but the surreal aspects of the story come off well, and the mystery is always kept up which stops the film from becoming boring. the film stars rosemary dexter, who provides eye candy throughout and also delivers a good performance. most of the rest of the cast aren't really worth mentioning, with the exceptions of adolfo celi, who is good as the villain of the piece and alida valli, whom cult fans will remember from a whole host of excellent cult flicks. the film does explain itself at the end; which is lucky as i'm sure i'm not the only viewer who was more than a little confused by then! overall, this may not be classic stuff; but its good enough and worth seeing.

this little seen movie is a languid and laid-back giallo. it veers away from some of the cliché's of the genre and adopts a looser approach. it's about a woman searching for her missing lover; a psychiatrist who has suddenly vanished for no apparent reason. her search leads her to a villa populated by a group of eccentric individuals. in true giallo style, murder is never far away.the cast is really rather good. we have aldofo celi (thunderball), alida valli (suspiria), horst frank (cat o' nine tails) and a very young sybil danning (80's scream queen). the lead actress is rosemary dexter, and while i am not familiar with her, she does a good job in leading the picture.one of the defining features of eye in the labyrinth is its music. atypically for a giallo it features a jazz-rock fusion soundtrack. this score, composed by roberto nicolosi, is reminiscent of miles davis, especially his work on in a silent way. it's an excellent soundtrack and really gives this movie a different feel than most gialli. the fusion groove accentuates the languid atmosphere and compliments the sunny, sea-front scenery that the film is mostly made up of.this is a giallo so we really need to talk about the murder set-pieces. well, this film falls a little short in this regard. it's certainly not devoid of them but they are few and far between. the opening dream-murder being probably the best on offer as well as a memorable burning car sequence. but this really isn't a particularly violent film. still, i don't think it should disappoint too many seasoned fans of the genre. the mystery is fairly compelling and it has enough eccentric characters (the idiot boy saro and that unsettlingly inappropriate dubbed accent?) and moments of the bizarre to satisfy; while the sleaze-factor is upheld with a smattering of nudity throughout.eye in the labyrinth plays like a giallo version of an agatha christie mystery, as it features a group of unsympathetic characters in a villa, all under suspicion of murder; we have the obligatory flashbacks detailing their connections with the final hours of the (highly unsympathetic) murder victim. while this isn't a grade-a example of the genre, it's certainly an appealingly different one, as it doesn't borrow too heavily from other films of the sub-genre. for giallo enthusiasts i give this a thumbs up and hope one day it's given a nice dvd transfer. it certainly deserves the treatment.

giallo fans, seek out this rare film. it is well written, and full of all sorts of the usual low lifes that populate these films. i don't want to give anything away, so i wont even say anything about the plot. the whole movie creates a very bizarre atmosphere, and you don't know what to expect or who to suspect. recommended! the only place i've seen to get this film in english is from european trash cinema, for $15.

too bad a couple of comments before me don't know the facts of this case. it is based on actual events, a highly publicized disappearance and murder case taking place in the wilmington, de/philadelphia pa region from '96 through 2000. i have to admit i was highly skeptical of how hollywood would dramatize the actual history and events and was actually quite impressed on how close they stayed to what was constantly reported on local newscasts and philadelphia inquirer news stories throughout the time period. of course i immediately pointed out that the actress (who i really like in cold case) who played fahey looked nothing like her (anne marie was actually prettier). i have to admit though that mark harmon really nailed the type of personality that was revealed as capano's and the behavior that capano exhibited throughout this period. details of the case were right on...no deviations of dramatic effect...even down to the carpet, gun, furniture, and cooler. in conclusion, i also wanted to add that i have met tom carper many times at various functions (a good man, despite being a politician) and i am so glad that he pulled the strings in the federal realm necessary to solve this heinous crime. guys like capano are real and it was great to see him finally put behind bars.

thomas capano was not anne marie's boss tom carper, the governor was. that is the reason the feds became involved, he called clinton and asked him to get the feds involved in the case. i lived outside of philadelphia at the time so the case was front page news every day. i also read ann rule's book and saw the "city confidential" segment on a&e. tom capano was a megalomanic(sp.), an uber-controller and a monster. he claimed to love ann marie but all he wanted was someone that he could control. when she wouldn't let him do that anymore he killed her, the ultimate form of control. i think it's a waste of money that he is still alive.

to those who have not followed the anne marie fahey murder case. you are missing out one of the saddest yet complicated murder of all. the murderer is popular delaware attorney, tom capano and the victim is the delaware governor's scheduling secretary, anne marie fahey. their relationship was a well-kept secret until her disappearance and murder. she wanted to leave him but he just wouldn't let her go so easily. on the other hand, he had a mistress and a wife and four daughters. where did he find the time to have two mistresses and a domestic family life? besides, the case is extremely complicated and fascinating for a four hour mini series. while the actress who plays ms. fahey does a fine job, she does not have her dark long hair. his other mistress is definitely more attractive than the actual woman. mark harmon is better looking and does an emmy award winning performance as tom capano. it would be better with actual delaware and philadelphia locations. with ann rule's executive producing, she adds accuracy to anne marie's characteristic of organization and her personal battle with an eating disorder. these bits of information might be overlooked by any other executive producer or director. if you have not read the book, it is well worth it. ann rule is a fascinating storyteller of true crime. it is ironic that mark harmon plays tom capano. he also played ann rule's former friend and subject, ted bundy in an another book adaptation many years ago. he was brilliant then and now. he does an above average job with an amazing story. even president clinton offered his assistance in the anne marie fahey case. and now, the former governor tom carper is now the united states senator for delaware who defeated longtime, popular incumbent senator richard roth in the november 2000 election. if you don't think the movie is interesting, then the read rule's book.

this excellent drama had me in suspense the whole time. i could not take my eyes off the screen for one second because every word kept connecting the pieces to this puzzling murder. this movie really touched me because it showed how sad and hard life can be. i really did cry in the end (which i don't want to give away!) it also let me realize how cruel and sickening people can be when it comes to murder. the cast was also very good. the only bad cast member was the actress who played anne marie. the actress did a great job, but the director didn't. i say this because he found someone who didn't look a single bit like anne marie fahey herself.

he is the quintessential narcissist and manipulator; in this case, portraying attorney (and murderer) tom capano.kathryn morris is sympathetic as victim, anne marie fahey, but in the beginning is a bit too much the victim. we are sorry for the situation, but become simultaneously disgusted after seeing his victimization of several other women (including rachel ward) as well.the sad part is where she is actually getting help with her self-esteem issues, and capano actually had her psychologist killed. pretty hard to believe, but this was based on a true story.there is a cameo with olympia dukakis (excellent) as capano's mother. all in all, an interesting story because it is based on a true murder, and you will want to read ann rule's book to get the accurate details. 8/10.

i bought this game on ebay having heard that it was a similar game to elite. the gameplay is indeed very similar, and is very addictive. once i'd played it a couple of times, i immediately went back on ebay and bought copies for all my kids so they could join in the fun too.... i have played this game right through and the storyline makes it feel as if you are actually in a movie, it's brilliant. if you have trouble feeling free to explore because of the restrictive nature of the storyline in the single-player game, simply set up a freelancer server on your own pc (easy to do and the software is included) and play to your heart's content. there are still a huge number of freelancer servers on the internet, so multiplayer is no problem and is not all that threatening, because you don't often meant other players unless you want to. so go get a copy of this game, learn it by playing the single-player campaign, then set up an online presence and enjoy yourself. the depth of this game is staggering, with huge systems to explore and wrecks to find, as well as all sorts of other things to discover - hidden planets, wormholes, secret bases, the list is nearly endless. fantastic game and especially as you can get it for a couple of quid on ebay. get one with the full written manual if you can (blue box, not xplosiv red box), it's loads better!

this is a great game! okay perhaps it didn't have some of the features it was meant to have but digital anvil have still come up with a good game. there is a certain similarity to elite(you can trade, pick up weapons and cargo off destroyed ships, go on missions)however this game features a heavily scripted mission. it is a great mission. the control system is different it uses the mouse! you basically fly you spaceship around a system and work your way up! the game features some pretty good graphics even through it was made in 2003. it should run well on even a modestly specified pc. the story features some great voice acting from john rhys davies, george takei, jennifer hale(she appears in every computer game). stick with the story it gets better and better as it goes on. there is even a race section, where you and an opponent have to race your spaceships around a course(it involves you going through rings). this section took me a while to beat. it adds variety to the game. some sections are a little tough here and there but overall you can beat this game. the game has an active mod scene on the net. pick up some mods to extend the game. i haven't played any of the mods yet. sadly a sequel to this was cancelled, a shame!

this game is very addictive, i kept playing it for hours straight until late at night but also the fact that you can't save a game when you are in space contributed to this, at times i just had to play on in order not to loose any game data.so yes, "freelancer" is addictive but also quite flawed. also for instance, something that extremely bothered me was that you couldn't skip any of the cut scene's with as a result that at times you had to watch the same few minute cut scene time after time. a great opportunity for me to multitask to check my e-mail or have a chat with my friends and more things like that, while i had to wait for the cut scene to be over.the story starts of promising but the further you get the more ridiculous it all gets. also the game also ends quite abrupt, at least it did so for me. it is quite obvious that they are hinting at a upcoming sequel. i don't know if a sequel is in the works at the moment but i am sure that most likely i will pick one up once it will be released.the gameplay is very easy! even for those who are not familiar with flight games. to put it boldly, every fool can play this game. yes, some levels are quite hard and require lots of effort. it took me about 1-2 weeks for me to finish this game which might be a bit too short. but thank god for the multi-player option! it allows you to keep playing short missions, just like the single player game once you have completed it by the way.even though lot's of mission are the same, it just simply stays cool to be in the middle of the at times massive dogfights.the graphics are good but just not anything revolutionary or anything.addictive game but beware of its flaws.7/10

when i first saw this film, in london, in 1958, i was bowled over. i had never seen a film like this before. it had a strange, hypnotic effect, quite unlike the films that i had seen previously and it left a lasting impact.i believe that odile versios & marina vlady are sisters, if not twins. certainly the interaction is amazing in its power to influence the viewer.if this has been converted to dvd - in region 2 format - and in the original french language, i would love to hear about it & where it can be purchased.

"toi le venin" is robert hossein's masterpiece,and one of the great thrillers of the fifties.based on a frederic dard novel,a writer the director often worked with (see also "le monte-charge" which hossein did not direct but in which he was the lead too),the screenplay grabs you from the first pictures on a desert road by night where a beautiful blonde might be the fieriest of the criminals to the mysterious house where he finds his femme fatale ..and her sister.then begins a cat and mouse play .one of the sisters is in a wheelchair .but is she really disabled?which one is the criminal who tried to kill the hero on that night? the two actresses,marina vlady and the late odile versois were sisters.turn off all the lights before watching.highly suspenseful.

strange enough, all the previous comments merely described the beginning and left the details over. i feel a necessity to confirm that this is a family work, since marina vlady was also robert hossein's wife, and the - excellent - jazz music was written by te director's father, andré. under these circumstances, no wonder it was a really good thriller, seen when issued and immediately identified with the music. the suspense was flawless, and maintained throughout until the end. robert hossein, at the time one of the best european players, managed to impose himself also as a top screen and stage director. he's still putting up great stage shows, with a preference for religious subjects.harry carasso, paris, france

a family (mother-patricia clarkson, father-jake weber, son-erik per sullivan) go out for a family get together in some remote house in the middle of winter. they accidentally hit a deer while driving there. this angers some of the locals--especially otis (john speredakos) and things slowly (very slowly) go wrong.i was expecting the worst when i started watching this. the bulk of the reviews for this, on this site, are extremely negative. well...i disagree. first off it's not a horror film. the horror doesn't even begin until the closing 30 minutes. it plays more like a family drama with horror elements thrown in. on that level, it's pretty damn good.first--the bad stuff: the pace is way too slow; jake weber is a horrible actor; way too many false dream sequence scares; the wendigo barely figures into the film and the clear view we get of the wendigo at the end is laughable.the good stuff: pretty good dramatic script; clarkson is excellent as the mother; some great direction with eerie sound effects which are a little scary; a pretty explicit hot sex sequence between clarkson and weber (which actually is necessary for the integrity of the plot!); pretty good acting by sullivan (only 10 at the time!) and speredakos and a completely unexpected tragic ending.i think many people are annoyed with this film because it's being pushed as a horror film--which it isn't. so, if you can ignore that, i think you might like it. i'm giving it a 7.

if you want scream or anything like the big-studio horror product that we get forced on us these days don't bother. this well-written film kept me up thinking about all it had to say. importance of myth in our lives to make it make sense, how children interpret the world (and the violence in it), our ransacking of the environment and ignorance of its history and legends.. all here, but not flatly on the surface. you could technically call it a "monster movie" even though the wendigo does not take physical form until the end, and then it's even up to you and your beliefs as to what's happening with the legendary spirit/beast. some standard thriller elements for those looking just for the basics and the film never bores, though in fact the less you see of the creature, the better. fessenden successfully continues george romero's tradition of using the genre as parable and as a discussion forum while still keeping us creeped out.

this movie is excellent. i found it very interesting. i thought the wendigo legend was pretty cool. the acting was also great, as well as the costumes, production, photography, directing and script. a very happy family, on vacation gets stranded in the middle of nowhere after they hit a deer. a huntsman then appears and is very angry and outraged over the fact that one of the deer's antler's is broken. he then starts to stalk the family and weird things start to happen to them. see this movie. it's worth it. kudos to the cast, crew and filmmakers. two thumbs way up!

wendigo is a pretty good psychological thriller, the film has some great drama between the characters and some good creepy scenes. the acting is good, the characters act like a normal family. the wendigo effects are good, the deer form reminded me a little of the rabbit in donnie darko.the film sees a family going to stay at a house for a while but accidental hit a deer, a group of hunters arrives and one of the hunters named otis starts to argue with the dad george, after the car is lifted they drive off to the house. the son miles is a little shook up about the deer but his parents try to tell him that it's natural for things like that to happen. that night while he's in bed he starts to see weird things in bedroom, the next day they go into to town and miles meets a man at the counter who gives him a little statue of the wendigo, when miles shows kim the statue and tells her that a man at the counter gave it him the owner says the she only works there. once returning home george takes his son sledding and while there sledding he's knocked off the board and miles is chases by the wind, after gaining conciseness they go looking for george, they find him outside the house where he tells them he was shot, in the hospital kim tells the sheriff that otis may have shot him, the shrieff goes to otis's place where he's bashed over the head with a hammer, as otis drives down the road he finds that the wendigo is after him.wendigo is a pretty good thriller that has some chilling moments. check this out. 10/10

now this is what i'm talking about. finally, a low-budget horror outing that uses its limitations to its advantage. wendigo, while occasionally flawed, is a triumph of the imagination. granted, it leans heavy on evil dead style camera moves for its moodiness, but it's still a damn sight better than 99% of direct to video dross.the story is pretty simple: a family takes a vacation at a remote cabin and are menaced by one particularly unhinged hunter. but director larry fessenden really knows how to build suspense and add layers of unsettling creepiness through the use of the mythical wendigo. is it real? is it all in the boy's imagination? is it an externalization of the child's emotional state? some have quibbled that the film is unsatisfying because it's left to you to decide. don't be put off by such petty nonsense. a film that makes you think is not one to avoid. it's one to rejoice in.

a haunting piece that the discerning horror film fan will fall upon with gratitude. keep your freddys and your jasons -- this film is in the same company as "the haunting" (the original). lyrical and truthful, it stays with you long into the night, much like those terrifying cbs radio mystery theatre shows. a smart rent.

if you want scream or anything like the big-studio horror product that we get forced on us these days don't bother. this well-written film kept me up thinking about all it had to say. importance of myth in our lives to make it make sense, how children interpret the world (and the violence in it), our ransacking of the environment and ignorance of its history and legends.. all here, but not flatly on the surface. you could technically call it a "monster movie" even though the wendigo does not take physical form until the end, and then it's even up to you and your beliefs as to what's happening with the legendary spirit/beast. some standard thriller elements for those looking just for the basics and the film never bores, though in fact the less you see of the creature, the better. fessenden successfully continues george romero's tradition of using the genre as parable and as a discussion forum while still keeping us creeped out.

this film is more about how children make sense of the world around them, and how they (and we) use myth to make sense of it all. i think it's been misperceived, everyone going in expecting a stalkfest won't enjoy it but if you want a deeper story, it's here.......

george and kim are traveling with their young son miles to a remote cabin in upstate new york when their car hits a deer and swerves into a ditch.but what seems to be a mere occurrence of misfortune marks the beginning of a terrifying journey,where myth becomes reality and a flesh-eating spirit,half animal and half man wendigo,haunts a small town..."wendigo" by larry fessenden is a thought-provoking horror film that often tenderfoot's into a somber family drama.the acting is great,the characters are well-developed and there are some bone-chilling moments.the subtle glimpses of wendigo are handled effectively and it's never clear what is real and what is imagined,or even if the story is taking place entirely in miles' head.overall,"wendigo" is my first contact with larry fessenden's work and surely won't be the last.give this film a chance,if you don't mind watching something unconventional.8 out of 10.

from the first scene, i was really excited. "i can tell this is going to be awesome!" i thought. the acting was so good, i felt as though i was eaves-dropping on these peoples' lives. the music too was exquisitely unsettling. the plot started with a sudden event and then drifted forward (one could sense) toward some irrevocable fate. the build was slow, but i personally love that kind of thing, as long as the quiet tension stays on track and doesn't get derailed before it's ready to pay off.so everything's going fine, and then the fireworks begin, and before you know it, the credits are rolling. "what?!!!" was all i and my movie-night companion could say. if you understand the director's intentions, the blunt ending does make sense (for those of you who have seen the movie already, check out the very fascinating and hilarious interview with larry fessenden at filmcritic.com), but i can't help saying it was not pulled off quite right.this probably could have been resolved with as little as ten more minutes of material before the climax. in any case, it's too bad. those ten minutes could have made all the difference in the world. (but for those of you who don't write or make films, you should know that crafting a story arc with the proper timing is a huge pain in the butt, and i am certainly not making this critique from any kind of pedestal!)wendigo feels to me like a masterpiece that was given up on before it was finished. but hay, i'd take a blunted masterpiece any day over an over-produced piece of dog-poo over-compensated with too many digital effects (like most horror movies these days).one other comment. some of the monster scenes left me confused as to whether i should be scared or laughing. i don't know how to explain it, but there was a distinctively monty python feel about this monster in his more blatent "monster" forms. although this may sound like a terrible criticism for a horror movie--i don't know, it still worked for me in some crooked way. i will never look at deer antlers in the same way again! :)

**possible spoilers**the biggest part of the movie that doesn't work is the wendigo, and when your title character fails, your movie usually isn't far behind it. the filmmakers' interpretation of the wendigo's form is interesting, and can be properly menacing when filmed correctly - when the fleeing killer sees the wendigo in a flash in his rear view mirror, for instance - and the tree-form was actually very good. however, as a monster character it never really comes to life. we don't get much of an explanation for its behavior, and what we do see from it doesn't jibe with either the story told in the movie itself, or any wendigo lore i've ever read.i think one of the main reasons that the monster fails is that it isn't given enough to do, in the movie. when you boil this film down to its bones, what you have is a suspense thriller with a little bit of a supernatural element, instead of a movie about a monster.the cinematography is good, though a little cheesy; the filmmakers use scenery, lighting, and time of day to convey atmosphere and mood rather well. the character of otis comes across as truly dangerous and unpredictable, making him the real monster in the film. it might have been more effective to explain his behavior as him being possessed by the hungry spirit of the wendigo, which would also be a more accurate representation of the real legend.i have heard unconfirmed reports (from a newsgroup) that the reason the wendigo doesn't do much is that, when the monster suit was built, it wound up so heavy and and uncomfortable (in order to mimic the stance of it standing on cloven hooves, the performer had to walk on his toes) that it was nearly impossible to run, walk, or otherwise perform in it. thus the many flashes of the creature standing still, and the obvious sped-up footage of it running. i stress that these reports are uncomfirmed.

a solid b movie.i like jake weber. his understated delivery is refreshing in a time of over the top performances. i liked the relationship between the father and son. i liked the family dynamics. the wendigo looks silly, but it is a representation of the kid's toy and the dead deer. it's an amalgamation like, see? this is a psychological story, not a freddy slash em up instant gratification flick. watch it and reflect on your inner child and what the movie might have to say to you and you'll be fine.nice work.

this is one of those unique horror films that requires a much more mature understanding of the word 'horror' in order for it to be appreciated. the main thing people may fail to realize that this story is told through the point of view a little boy and, as with most younger children, he gets frightened easily. mainly because he simply doesn't understand things, like why his father is hardly ever there for him. from watching the film you can see the husband arguing with his wife the balance between work time and family time and you can easily understand it, but the little boy doesn't. also one can imagine the boy being afraid of the woods, as it is established early on in the film, that the family is from the city. also, in the beginning as the family is traveling to the house they hit a deer, then get held up, then they argue with the locals about it, and the little boy surely didn't find this introduction to the woods pleasant at all.the "wendigo" is ultimately what his young, innocent mind fabricates to explain all of this. there is the american indian legend, but when looking at the scene where the young boy hears about about it, it is explained to him like bluntly and simplistically. not because that's what the wendigo actually is, but because that is how he understands it. when you look at the film from this point of view you can really begin to appreciate it. obviously it was low-budget and shot cheaply, but the jumping montages, use of light, and general eeriness more than make up for it. and the final question the film asks is: is it all in your head, or is it really out there? 8/10rated r: profanity, violence, and a sex scene

if you like horror movies with lots of blood and gore, tons of jump-scare moments and unrelenting, escalating scenes of excruciating death, then look elsewhere. if you like quiet, moody, thoughtful horror which casts blood aside in favor of a genuine feeling of dread, then wendigo is for you.thoughtful, stressed out george, his psychoanalyst wife kim and their young son miles are heading out to the snowy countryside for a long weekend vacation away from the city. on the way up, george hits a stag with his car. the hunters who had been pursuing the deer are not thrilled when they find that george has ended their chase. in particular, deranged hunter otis takes it personally. he follows the family to their vacation home, making sure they see him. he spies on george and kim as they have sex. he fires through their windows with his rifle when they aren't home, letting them discover the ominous holes in their windows and walls when they return. when kim takes miles to the drugstore in town, miles is attracted to a small sculpture in a display case, carved to resemble a man with the head of a stag. a native american man tells miles that this is the wendigo, a spirit of the woods who has a taste for flesh and is always hungry. miles takes the figure home with him, already haunted by the death of the deer the day before. that afternoon, when he and his father go sledding, george is shot and miles pursued through the woods by a creature barely glimpsed...or is he just in shock, and imagining the whole thing? hours later, george is rushed to the hospital and miles, still clutching his statue, either faints, dreams or goes on a vision quest, in which the wendigo returns. this time the angry, flesh eating god - part tree, part stag and part man - is hunting for otis, who has finally gone over the edge.wendigo is a beautifully made film, almost totally silent but for the wind howling through the snow covered trees. okay, so the monster itself is kind of fakey-looking, but it's a small flaw, more than made up for by the genuine feeling of tension and dread that creeps through every frame of the film, and the eerie backdrop of the silent, snowy countryside. the performances are great, particularly by jake weber as the moody and thoughtful george and patricia clarkson as his sweet but no-nonsense wife. they are a happy couple with their share of common problems, and it is the strength of their relationship and their love for each other that makes this film powerful. watching this film is often like watching someone's home videos, so realistic are the performances. this movie is not for everyone. a lot of people may find themselves totally bored, waiting for the hideous lovecraftian beast and bloody revenge that never come. we can never really be sure if the wendigo even exists, seen as it is through the eyes of a sensitive child and also, later, through the eyes of a madman. this is more a psychological drama than a horror film, but it has more than enough creepy elements in it to satisfy fans of subtle horror.

larry fessenden has been thrashed by most of the comments on this forum. well, the worst mistake, evidently, is the marketing of the movie and the way the dvd might have been targeted. obviously, this is not a true horror movie, at least, not for people expecting anything that will be gory and instantly satisfying. "wendigo" is basically a film that seems to be told from the mind of the young miles. things that are not readily understood by children tend to stay in their young minds and ultimately dominate their fears and the menacing world they can't comprehend. it is obvious that kim, the mother, is a psychologist, but she has no clue to what is going on in the mind of her son. this is also a story of alienation. it's clear that the father, george, is a distant figure, perhaps a workaholic, who seems to be living in a different world.miles' fears reach a point of crisis during the week end in the country. that part of new york state, with its winter landscape, barren trees, play havoc on the little boy's imagination. it doesn't help that he encounters a strange figure in town, it creates even more doubts in his young mind. ultimately, miles' world comes crashing down on him and he can't do anything, even evoking the wendigo spirit.the film is well paced and acted. patricia clarkson is excellent, no matter where movie she is in. jake weber is perfect as the distant father who has an opportunity to come closer to a son he doesn't understand. erik per sullivan, as miles, conveys the inner turmoil within him. i thought he was extremely effective since the whole movie is miles own take on what's going on around him. finally, john spredakos is perfect as the menacing otis, a man who resents the world for the way he has turned out.instead of putting this movie down, future viewers should approach it with a open mind.

kim (patricia clarkson), george (jake weber) and son miles (erik per sullivan) are headed to the country for winter weekend relief from manhattan's bustling metropolis. on the way, they hit a buck and end up stuck in the snow. a group of hunters who were tracking the buck come along. rather than helping, at least one of the hunters, otis (john speredakos), is mad because the accident cracked the buck's antlers. george, kim and miles are disturbed by otis, and even worse, we quickly learn that otis has learned where they're staying. meanwhile, miles is given a wendigo (a kind of indian shape-shifting spirit/monster) token by an indian whom only he has seen. is otis a psycho out to get our heroes? are there wendigos in the woods? i can see where wendigo would have a number of problems appealing to viewers. it is a fairly low budget film, with technical limitations frequently showing through. much of the film, and maybe all of it, is not really about the titular creature. and perhaps the fatal blow for many people, it has a very ambiguous ending, with a number of questions left unanswered. if you are discouraged by such endings, and you do not like films that have an aim of making you think about and discuss what everything meant, do yourself a favor and avoid wendigo.personally, i like films like that. i usually prefer some ambiguity. the marketing of wendigo is geared towards those who want a quick, scary creature flick, where they'd expect a grand battle with some supernatural monster who is defeated in the end, and everything is tied up neatly except for an opening for wendigo 2: the monster returns, but that's not what this film is. wendigo is much more thoughtful and poetic than the surface of such a creature flick would suggest to most people. heck, writer/director larry fessenden even has a character, george, reciting robert frost. the frost poem, and george's comment that frost can evoke complex imagery and atmosphere out of seemingly simple things, is the key to the film.one of the best things about the film is its complexity. in a way, there are four different films occurring at the same time, a thread from each character. in george's thread, he isn't exactly the happiest or most pleasant guy in the world, and he has some parenting problems. for him, the film is a realistic, horrific descent of his life going from bad to worse. in patricia's thread, she's looking for rejuvenation of her life and family. she's a psychologist mostly denying the problems around her, hoping that they'll go away and get better. in otis' thread, he's even more down on his luck than george, and george's arrival into his life symbolizes the final "crack" in his psychological armor. and in miles' thread, which is probably the most important of the film, life is like a grand poem due to his youthful innocence and interpretation of the world. but this is a horror story, after all, albeit one with a glimmer of hope, and the events in the film give miles' poetic interpretations a dark turn. still, when everything is said and done, he seems to be the only one retaining his composure, due to the poetic outlook.even though the film is low budget, there are a lot of well-executed higher budget ambitions. fessenden and director of photography terry stacey find some great shots in beautiful locations, and created some interesting slide show like montages (such as the cards, or the indian wendigo images from the book). there are also interesting more traditional montages, such as miles' nightmare. wendigo is better shot and edited than many big budget films.other technical aspects are good for the budget. the "wendigo" appearance at the end worked for me and was appropriately ambiguous. the lighting was usually good--there were a few times that dark scenes weren't as clear as they could have been, but it seemed to be more of a problem with the film stock (it could have been digital instead) or transfer. i thought the performances were good and far more realistic (if you value that) than the majority of films. although i didn't really notice the score, it must have been okay, or i would have noticed it with a negative judgment.overall, wendigo is a very good film that deserves to be watched without preconceptions, as long as you don't mind having to think about the movies you watch.

good sequel to murder in a small town. in this one cash and his police lt. buddy unravel a sticky plot involving a nazi criminal, a philanthropic witch, and a family of screw-ups and their wierdo helpers. as in the original, the viewer is treated to a nice little mystery with distinctive sights and sounds of pre-war america. go see it.

pleasant, diverting and charming. the best part is the swing numbers, especially the rendition of my buddy, partial though it may have been. the acting was a bit over the top in areas but the mood set by wilder is so pleasant it is hard not to enjoy this film.

this is just one more example of the absolute genius of gene wilder. he wrote and starred in this terrific mystery. no one could have done it better. the suspense was palpable throughout. i wish mr. wilder would grace us with another of these. i have enjoyed everything i have ever seen mr. wilder in but i had no idea how truly talented he was until i saw "murder in a small town," and this follow-on. he truly has a firm grasp on what audiences want and how to deliver it in his writing and, of course, in his brilliant acting. his subtle wit comes through in spades. i would recommend this movie to anyone who likes mysteries and/or gene wilder's film work. his star just gets brighter and brighter.

"the lady in question (1999)" starring gene wilder is a well-acted mystery drama that reminds me of the old black-and-white raymond burr perry mason series. both perry and "cash" kept me guessing right up to the end. there were many suspects with a motive for the murder, but i had no idea which character it would be.gene wilder has a special charming wit about him, even in his facial expressions and vocal inflections which make him perfect for the part. the portions of the movie which portrayed actors acting was done very well. i'm sure this is an additional challenge for the cast to pull off. i am not surprised to see that he did some of the writing for the movie. even his singing was a delight. i like him in this role more than his former "sillier" roles like "the young frankenstein" and "willy wonka." i am hoping a & e will continue this series. they ought to call it something like "the a & e gene wilder mysteries."the music fit the period. i enjoyed the cool live combo and the swing tunes. i was a little unclear at the beginning whether we were seeing a flashback or whether the action was taking place in that time period. and i do not agree that the inclusion of profanity is necessary to the flow of the script. to me, that always distracts.overall, my wife and i thoroughly enjoyed this second in a well-crafted start in what we hope will be many others -- just like one of our other favorites: raymond burr's perry mason.

a delightful if somewhat predictable tv movie, though i admit a little bias -- as far as i'm concered, the more gene wilder in this world the better. i'd love to see numerous additional movies detailing the adventures of larry "cash" carter!

richard dix decided to retire and so michael duane took his place playing the role as ted nichols who meets up with a young french girl named alice dupres barkley, (lenore aubert). this couple only knew each other for two days and they decided to get married by a justice of the peace (judge) and it is pouring rain when they pull up to the judge's home and find out he is not home and will not return until the next day. as the couple are inside the house you see some one lift up the hood of their car and takes an automobile part from the engine. once you see this event happening you realize this couple is in for a big surprise and the story beings to reveal a very mysterious event which surrounds alice barkley and so poor ted nichols starts out with plenty of trouble and no marriage. good mystery, but i missed richard dix. enjoy.

i hate reading reviews that say something like, 'don't waste your time, this film stinks on ice.' it does to that reviewer yet for me, it may have some sort of naïve charm. if you like the other 'whistler' series films, this one will be watchable. if you like 40s noirish films, this one will be watchable.this film is not as good, in my opinion, as any of the earlier series entries which starred richard dix as the protagonist. it's much slower, and the plot is trite. you've seen this same narrative device used in many other films, and usually better.but the acting is good, and so is the lighting, and the dialog. it's just lacking in energy and you'll likely figure out exactly what's going on and how it's all going to come out in the end not more than a quarter of the way through.the 'whistler' series is semi-noir, and there character, mood, lighting, camera movement and angles are more important than the story itself. but this film is not noir. it's too light weight and hollywood innocent for that. neither richard dix's character nor those of any of his ladies in the previous films had to come to a good end. you just never knew until the end.but still, i'll recommend this one for at least a single viewing. i've watched it at least twice myself, and got a reasonable amount of enjoyment out of it both times.

this was the eighth and final columbia whistler film and the only one without richard dix who had retired from movies and was to die the following year. it's still a competent thriller, the machine carried on without him perfectly, but  something was missing: dix! the stories in the whistler series were always interesting, sometimes brilliant, the screenplays often noir always atmospheric, but it wasn't only the whistler himself that hung it all together on screen, dix did too.young couple stepping out for a whole fortnight get the urge to marry in the pouring rain but are thwarted when the potential bride first disappears then is discovered to already be married before she apparently goes mad. is the potential groom put off, even when the private dick he's hired to find her suddenly slugs him and lams, or is love blind? who's twisting who is the question. michael duane in his penultimate film is ok if a bit of a wimp, lovely lenore aubert's finest moments came next film in abbott & costello meet frankenstein, and richard lane was wonderful as ever on loan from boston blackie. also the only outing where the whistler himself must have got wet from slouching about in the rain, unless he got sprayed with sea foam in voice.a lot happened in this last hour, well worth watching over and over again as usual to fans of the genre like me. the whistler radio series begun in 1942 carried on until 1955 clocking up nearly 700 half hour shows, nearly all of which are available on mp3 and based upon what i've heard so far nearly all of which are well worth listening to as well.

although the plot was a bit sappy at times, and very rushed at the end, as if the director had run out of his alloted time and needed to hurry up and finish the story, overall it was pretty good for the made-for-backwoods-cable-tv genre. however, the actress who played the babysitter, mariana klaveno, was very good! i hope to see more of her around in movie-land. the music was also well done, getting every possible chill out of the dah-duh-dah-duh (think "jaws") type music-based tension build-ups.i don't think i'd want to watch "while the children sleep" again, but if i did, it would be to focus on the performance of the talented klaveno.

i am sad to say that i disagree with other people on this columbo episode. death lends a hand is frankly kind of a boring columbo to me. after a few times, i get bored and changed the channel. i still love robert culp and patricia crowley and ray milland in their roles but the story was weaker in this episode than in the others. first, robert culp plays an investigator for ray milland's character. he hires him to investigate his young pretty wife played by patricia crowley to see if she is having an affair. in return, culp's character blackmails the cheating wife who plans to expose his scheme to her husband ruining his career. out of anger, culp kills her by striking her in the face and setting the up the body elsewhere. i don't know. maybe i just didn't care for this one at all. of course, columbo gets him in the end. it's just the question of how.

"death lends a hand" is one of the pivotal early episodes of "columbo" that helped define the show for the next thirty years. it marks the first of robert culp's four appearances (three as a murderer), playing much the same role in each show.in this case culp plays brimmer, the head of a large private detective company who is asked to investigate whether the wife of a wealthy newspaper magnate, mr kennicut, is having an affair. although she is, brimmer decides not to tell kennicut, in the hope that he can blackmail his wife in return for snippets of information about her husband's business associates. she reacts badly to this suggestion, an argument ensues which rapidly turns violent as brimmer whacks her across the face. because he is wearing a large ring, the blow knocks her to the ground and kills her.there are some really priceless moments in this episode. one of my favourite scenes is where columbo pretends to be into palm-reading, although this is in fact a ruse to discover the shape and size of brimmer's ring without admitting that he knows the killer wore a ring. columbo being columbo, he only reveals what he really knows when the time is exactly right to turn the screws a little. so initially he goofily plays the part of a rather simple-minded man who gets excited by the "lifeline going over the mound of the moon", or some equally ridiculous palm-reading mumbo-jumbo.another great scene is when brimmer tries to offer columbo a job for his firm, effectively bribing him to stop poking his nose around. again, columbo doesn't reveal that he knows what's going on, he pretends to be honoured and excited by this job offer.and there's another where columbo says to kennicut, in front of brimmer, that he wishes the murderer could hear their conversation. he wants to hint to brimmer that he is onto him, without directly accusing him, so he rather cruelly (but understandable in the circumstances) decides to play mindgames on brimmer in order to spook him into panicking and doing something stupid. which of course he does! all the while, the grieving kennicut is unaware of the subtext of this conversation. it's only near the end that columbo explains all to kennicut (not shown on screen).i won't reveal how columbo finally nails the killer bang to rights, but let's just say there's a potato involved... a really really good episode, possibly the very best of the first series. if you liked this then you'll like "double exposure" too, also featuring robert culp.

this is one of the first and best columbos, starring robert culp and ray milland. robert culp appeared on another columbo, as did several other villains, including patrick mcgoohan, william shatner, and jack cassidy. ray milland also made a later appearance.in this one, ray milland is convinced his beautiful wife, played by patricia crowley, is having an affair, so he hires culp to investigate. culp has a blackmailing business on the side, so he gives milland a fake report and threatens crowley with the real one if she doesn't pay up. they get into a huge fight in culp's home, and she winds up murdered. enter columbo.culp does everything he can to get columbo off the case, including offering him a job, but columbo is on to him from the beginning.excellent episode.

this was the first regular filmed columbo movie episode but yet it aired as the second, after steven spielberg's "columbo: murder by the book". it's also at the same time among one of the better ones!bernard l. kowalski was one great creative director! no wonder that they later asked him to direct three more columbo movies. the movie has some real creative and innovative shot sequences and the movie as a whole is also clearly made with style, passion and eye for detail. every shot connects and is a reason why this movie is better and also better looking just any other average made for tv movie. it's definitely one of the better directed columbo movies.it's a quit original columbo entry for a couple of reasons. the murder is more or less an accident and was an impulsive act. so the killer this time doesn't have any time to plan out the 'perfect murder' in advance and his to clean up any of the traces afterward and has to dispose the body. the killer in this movie is not only being handled as the man who committed the crime but more as the man who helps out lieutenant columbo to solve the murder. it makes the character a more interesting and layered one as well and also helps to make the way columbo solves the whole crime seem way more interesting as well because of that. of course columbo starts to suspect him pretty early on and as always he comes to solution by making himself vulnerable and look more stupid than he of course truly is and by gaining the killer's trust. this is obviously no spoiler since this is the way every columbo movie gets set-up. i liked the story of the movie and how it progressed.it also helps the movie that it has such a fine cast. at the time of this movie peter falk had really made the columbo character his own and the character at this was already fully developed. robert culp is truly great as the short tempered brimmer. funny thing is that he would later star in three different columbo movies again and one "mrs. columbo" episode, only in totally different roles. he even played the murderer in a couple of those movies as well again. he by the way was not the only actor that did this in other later columbo movies. also the great ray milland makes an appearance in this movie, as the husband of the victim.all in all, a real great early columbo movie and among the better ones out of the long running series of movies.9/10

the second official episode of the "columbo" series ("murder by the book," filmed later, hit the airwaves first). robert culp, who would match wits with peter falk's detective in several future installments, is terrific as the short-tempered head of a sophisticated private detective agency who murders a client's wife when she refuses to cave-in to his blackmail schemes. the two stars are well-matched in this clever cat and mouse exercise that is one of the best in the series.

this was the second entry in the regular columbo series, and it holds up well today. as i am able to look at it closely now on dvd and see how it is constructed, i am very impressed with the direction of bernard l. kowalski (who directed the fine macho callahan as well as countless tv episodes)--watch how the post-murder actions of the killer are shown on a split-screen effect on his two eyeglasses, watch how the murder itself is shown in montage fashion, watch the point-of-view shot from the perspective of the corpse. also, the wild but impressive avant-garde musical score from noted jazzman gil melle was incredible and helped so much to create atmosphere. and the supporting performance of brett halsey as the golf pro was wonderful--such subtlety and complexity in a role that nine out of ten times would be a one-dimensional cutout. the "formula" had not yet been set when this episode was filmed, so there are still some surprises in columbo's methods. of course, falk, robert culp, and ray milland are the highest-quality actors and it's a pleasure to see them work--all men are familiar from many other roles yet lose themselves in their characters here. in all, this entry in the columbo series--and many of the others--are as well-crafted as a very good feature film.

a very high-standard columbo story which was actually the first filmed episode of the long-running series but was originally transmitted second (after "murder by the book").robert culp makes his first of three appearances as the guest murderer in the series and plays the owner of a private detective agency, who blackmails the wife (patricia crowley) of a rich, highly influential businessman (played very sympathetically by ray milland) after he falsifies a report, in her favour, after it is discovered she was having an affair. the wife later rebels against the blackmail scheme but is killed in a fit of rage....a very satisfying episode in many respects, particularly as the plot is so strongly set-up and subsequently developed and also because of the rare columbo ingredient that the crime is an unpremeditated killing. the whole thing is further enhanced when the widowed husband uses the murderer to assist columbo in his investigations: a feature that facilitates numerous good quality scenes, particularly in the first sequence when the three central characters meet and columbo's crucially deceptive qualities are wonderfully in evidence.directed with flair by bernard l. kowalski and acted to an appropriately high level, this really set the tone for whole series (since "murder by the book" was let down by a poor ending). the script by columbo creators richard levinson and william link is precise, well-structured and well-thought-out and is underpinned by a steady, productive pace and meaningful sequences which really exhibit the unpredictability of the story. ultimately, the finale fittingly epitomises that columbo has always been one step ahead of the murderer.overall, this is a very fine piece of detective work for columbo, and strongly suggests that the production team had worked positively and constructively to render a polished columbo story.

i recently (may 2008) discovered that this childhood favorite was available as a dvd. although i've seen a great deal of high quality movies since then (late 70's (i was 10 in 1978)), this three-episode, low budget thing still stands strong.what's fun is that i now watched it with my 10 year old daughter, and she experiences just the same as i remember from back then: the creepy music (she had to hold my hand, even though she's been raised with watching lotr and resident evil), the ever changing theories of who the culprit actually is, and also complaining about the theatrical voices from an era before norway discovered the difference between stage acting and movie acting.this is the one and only good science fiction movie (or series) ever made in norway. and it's still worth watching.

i remember this show from swedish television. i was only 7 years of age and it scared me beyond belief.i would love to revisit this series and see if it was just as excellent as remember though i suspect my taste and demands have changed.although this was released before alien and a plethora of other space-thrillers i suspect that it has its root in scary movies from the 50:s and the political climate of the 70:s. when i think of it, this was a real sci-fi, a movie trying to discuss scientific and political questions about who we are and what we are. the term sci-fi has since then become bleak and come to be the term for any movie that has space-ships in them.

it's beyond my comprehension that so much rubbish from norway has been remastered for dvd release, and still gems like this don't get a shot at recapturing their past glory. i give this a 7, not because it is very good, but because it is one of the few scifi films made for norwegian television. this film is nothing less than a film-historic gem that in so many ways foreshadows the first alien film. and, my word, blindpassasjer was first! did ridley scott or anyone in the crew see the mini-series? however unlikely, the fact remains that the scenes are extremely similar. okay, the budget is _much_ lower in the norwegian film, but given that, it's a really well-done piece of work from the desolate age of norwegian movie-making, which incidentally lasted until the 90s.

ok. i admit. i'm one of those nerds who have spent all to many hours with my beloved dvd player and my wonderful television set watching science fiction series. star trek (next generation) was my first space date, and since then i've switched partners regularly. i've seen'em all, it seems, and my favorites are «lexx», «farscape» and the new «battlestar galactica», in other words: the newest, state of the art space operas. but, i also have a general crush on the old fashioned ones, the cheap ones, like the magnificent four seasoned bbc show «blakes7». here, the budgets are smaller than hobbits, the special effects seem to be made on a commodore 64, but who cares when the scripts are sharp and intelligently written with dark humor, the acting dead serious and at times even high class?but why do they always speak english in the space future? because this is not the future, it's fantasy for kids. still, it can be irritating at times. me, being a norwegian, have often damned this appalling fact that one never makes genre series, like science fiction, for scandinavian viewers. i never ever thought of the fact that this might have happened. but it did, actually, once, and even in my own homeland, norway. i was two years old when the so called fjernsynsteatret (tv theater section) of our national public service channel nrk produced this three episode version of blindpassasjer (the stowaway).when i first heard of it, i was not surprised of the fact that until this day, the show has only been screened once in norway, making it impossible for me to actually see it. it went on swedish, danish and finnish television also, in it's time, but that was a long time ago. there have been no video or dvd release of it, not a surprise either, and when it was screened on an art house cinema, this happened in bergen, a city far far away from oslo (where i live). and then there's another fact about «blindpassasjer» that didn't surprise me, that it was written by the two norwegian authors tor åge bringsværd and jon bing (bing&bringsværd). this duo basically introduced the scifi genre to norwegians in the seventies; they published anthologies and wrote what they called fable prose. in my opinion, bringsværd is the most interesting of the two writers, and has written several great and entertaining novels, masterpieces even, some of them hilarious, such as «bazar» and «syvsoverskens dystre frokost». no other than this guy, also an acclaimed dramatist, could construct the script of «blindpassasjer».when i finally got to watch it, it was because a strange swede who recorded the three episodes on vcr in the 80's, eventually managed to transform it to dvd and give it to me. he was a nice bloke. so i sat down and watched it, with swedish subtitles, bad sound and some scrapes and errors; but the thing came through and i was surprised that i eventually came to love it.the exterior scenes with the spaceships and planets are better than the ones in blakes7, and the credit goes to caprino studios (who made the famous flåklypa grand prix), and the interior of the marco polo (the space ship) works better than i'd expected. the acting is typically theatrical, but it works better than when they play ibsen, to put it mildly, and bjørn floberg carries his role solidly, as does trini lund. the legendary actress henny moan delivers her lines in a serious and laid back tone which fits the genre, but this is an ensemble play, and i'm happy to say that ola b. johannesen carries his mustache with nobility, and marit østbye is a really hot space chic of my standards.but is it really that good? well, one have to swallow the rather abrupt ending, the pretentious criticism of «modern society», but yes, it's, well, not really really really fantastic, but charming, cool, nostalgic and pleasant. one and a half hour of classic norwegian scifi.

a good film with strong performances (especially the two leads). the film is about two american girls who are caught with 6 kilo's heroin on an airport in thailand. they're both thrown in prison and one of them signs a confession. bill pullman plays the lawyer who tries to get them out. all they have to do is find a nick parks who put the narcotics in the bag of one of the two girls. so far for the story which isn't that original (it has many resemblances with the better return to paradise).the acting and newton thomas sigel's beautiful photography make this film worth to watch. a 7 out of 10.

this is a low budget film with a cast of unknowns and a minimum of on location shoots. the philippines substitute for thailand and nobody actually goes to hong kong. the stock shot of a cathay pacific jumbo jet landing at the old airport makes the transition perfectly. this film proves that you need neither mega budgets nor a headliner star to produce an excellent movie. it contains neither the gaffes nor the excesses that young filmakers often stumble into. solid workmanship from people who know all the aspects of movie making and who understand the compromises between art and box office. an excellent piece of work!

after high-school graduation, best friends alice and darlene, decide to take a trip to thailand. whilst they are there, they meet a charming australian guy named nick. after spending some time with nick, he asks them if they want to take a weekend trip to hong kong with him. they agree. at the airport though, they are get busted for smuggling drugs and then get convicted for 33 years in a thai prison for something they say they haven't done. not really knowing what to do they end contacting yankee hank, an american lawyer who lives in thailand with his wife. word has it that if you have the money he can help you. things start of well, but they still can't get out.the movie is really good because it doesn't let on what's going to happen and it's interesting all the time. i couldn't believe the ending though. it was one of those endings where you don't know the 100% truth, but you still kind of know what really happened with nick and the drug smuggling because of the 'owning up' etc. claire danes and kate beckinsale both give quite good performances here. beckinsales performance was a little weak though. both danes and beckinsales characters friendship is good but could of seemed stronger. paul walker even has a small uncredited role here. ;)anyway, i thought brokedown palace was a good movie and i give it a 7/10.

good exciting movie, although it looks to me that it's not been recorded on location in thailand, it still looks realistic. nice story about some girls having 'fun' in one of the most beautiful countries on the world. in real the thai people are very kind.

*possible spoilers* although done before (and better) in 'midnight express' and 'return to paradise', brokedown palace still strikes a chord with me.here we have the tale of two young girls who travel through thailand, and get arrested on charges of trafficking drugs. was it clare danes' alice? was it kate beckinsale's darlene? was it the handsome stranger whom they met on their journey? none of that really matters, for this is a tale of friendship and trust and the limits they can be stretched to. throw in bill pullman as an unenthusiastic lawyer and jacqueline kim as his thai bride (and better lawyer than he is) and we have a nice little story that holds the audience's attention.brokedown palace is nothing extraordinary, or notorious for any reason - it is not an original concept, it doesn't show sensationalised violence that leads to the wannabe-avant-garde crowd talking about it's "gritty realism" or "hard hitting truths" - it is merely a good story with some fine performances. bill pullman is weakest with his lazy drawl and gravelly way of talking - i was quite bored with the character.kate beckinsale, while decent, is nothing spectacular. she acts well, but it's not exactly a memorable performance.jacqueline kim however, is in fine form, crafting a likable and defined character where, really, there is not much to work with.but make no mistake - this is clare danes' movie. i've long been a fan of her work, and this is no change. she captivates in every scene she appears, and were it not for her, the film would probably stoop into boring fare. i particularly applaud her performance in the scene between her and darlene's father.the film also has a brilliant soundtrack.7 out of 10

i think this is what this movie wants us to say at the end of the movie! or damn australian? i still don't know, but what i know is that i really liked this movie but that couldn't be my favorite movie!great story with great actors but with a terrible end... to make you cry and say 'oh, she's so good'... still, who made it? what really happened? who's that guy? no answer to these questions...mysterious movie with a good mark overall... i give it a 8/10, going on the 8.5!

i loved the movie, but like everyone said, there were some bits that weren't developed enough. i thought personally that the girls were very vapid before they landed in prison; sure, they were supposed to be innocent american girls but still...i felt like they lacked that bond that best friends are supposed to have. for example, in the montage where they're sight-seeing, the way they held each other for the photograph was very awkward-looking.then, there are some parts that were very ambiguous. i think it's pretty much understood that danes' character didn't do it, but i can see how that could be confusing. also, why did the camera dwell on manat bearing a very grim expression after he put the bags in their taxi trunk? i thought it was suggesting something, but it turned out to be nothing.apart from that, the movie was great. i cried when claire danes took the blame; she's a great actress.also, i wanted to see that bitchy thai inmate get her ass kicked. talk about lack of closure...

brokedown palace is the story of two best friends, alice and darlene, who go on a spontaneous trip to thailand and wind up in prison after being caught with planted drugs in their luggage. in this way, the movie had the potential to turn into a serious and moving film, such as "return to paradise", but instead, the movie chose to focus little on the girls' situation and more on their friendship.claire danes and kate beckinsale both turn in excellent performances, and the movie is much more about the interplay between them - the suspicion, the jealousy, the questioning and testing of their friendship and ultimately the sacrifices made in the name of friendship. this movie chooses not to delve too deeply into politics or even into the harshness of prison life (which is a bit glossed over), and focuses more on these friendship issues.there were some plot holes here, and some parts that just didn't seem believable or realistic. we didn't feel the real fear or hopelessness of their situation as well as we might have. and we get very little feeling of life outside the prison walls, with bill pullman playing the supposedly sleazy lawyer who actually turns out to have a heart of gold. in short, this should, by all rights, have been a much darker movie than it was.but overall, i enjoyed it. the acting was good, the soundtrack was perfect, and the storyline had enough twists and turns to stay interesting. worth seeing.

two adventurous teenagers, best friends, take a trip to thailand for one last experience before separating and going off to college. it seems like a fun time of touring an exotic land, until they meet an attractive stranger who seduces them into taking a trip to hong kong and puts drugs in their luggage. they get nabbed by the local police and find that justice in asia is very different from justice in the u.s.this is the main story line for "brokedown palace" and it was a good one. the film does a decent job of portraying the arbitrary and corrupt justice systems of third world nations. actually, the portrayal was rather mild, as the prison conditions are often far worse than depicted. it serves as a reminder that no matter how bad we think our justice system is, it is pristine by comparison to much of the rest of the world.unfortunately, there were too many contrived situations in the film that hampered the story. the whole escape attempt was bogus fantasy. to think that friends would be able to smuggle money for a bribe into the prison in a padded bra, and not be discovered by the guards who were systematically checking everything brought in from visitors, assumes that either the guards or the viewers are utter blockheads.the story also fails to bring closure to the nagging question of how the drugs got in alice's (claire danes) backpack. did she actually agree to transport the drugs? we are left to guess. it was intriguing to be kept guessing about the girls' innocence throughout the film, but we finish the movie never really knowing if one or both of the girls might be guilty. except for this considerable flaw, the ending was excellent and the results unexpected.the acting by claire danes and kate beckinsale was very solid and well done. danes, who has been oversold and over hyped, actually arrived as an actor in this film. though her portrayal was frequently immature (as was her character), she improved as the film progressed and the circumstances became more dire. beckinsale, in contrast has been flying under the radar her whole brief career and shines as the goody-two-shoes who suddenly finds herself in prison. her's was the best performance in the film.bill pullman was miscast as the lawyer. his wry and diffident style is an asset in films like "while you were sleeping", but as a lawyer in a third world country on a crusade to free two innocent girls from injustice, he had the wrong personality.the tourist's look at thailand was interesting, but it didn't make me want to go there.overall, an entertaining film made implausible in parts by the insertion of some ridiculous scenes. i gave it a 7/10.

i have been waiting for such an original picture such as this for quite some time now. brokedown palace has that `hard to believe' aspect, however with the ingenious directing, and screenplay, palace scores big.  i've really never enjoyed watching claire danes in any of her movies, but i'll tell you what, she really changed my mind with this one. kate beckinsale joins danes on a vacation to thailand where they meet up with a young man who convinces them to take a trip to hong kong with him. however, he neglected to inform them that they would be carrying an obscene amount of narcotics for him. well, ultimately they get caught, and end up in a thailand prison. i know, i know, how could you not know that you have 18 pounds of drugs? well if you can get by that one tiny miscue, you will find a very well written, and acted out story. lately i have found myself getting drawn into the storylines of the movies i watch, and developing a personal feeling for the characters that i watch. this movie is no different. by the end of the movie i found myself caring more for her than any of the other characters in the film.  bill pullman plays hank green, an attorney who lives in thailand and specializes in international relations. as always pullman delivers with an excellent performance and ties the movie together beautifully.  there are a few twists and turns that will, by the end of the movie, have you in tears. this is one of those movies that you have most likely passed by when searching for that movie to watch at home. it is my opinion that the next time out at the video store, do not pass by this one again.

i saw this movie in the theater, and was thoroughly impressed by it. then again, that was when claire danes was a good actress, not the foolish, arrogant, hollywood-ized bitch she is today. anyway, this film really struck me as one of the more raw, realistic, beautiful friendship films. how far would you really go for your best friend? i was moved to tears at the end, and still tear up when i watch it now (i own it). i remember as soon as i left the theater, i called my best friend and sobbed to her how much i loved her. this is a great film to watch with your best girlfriend. however be prepared for the almost certain conversation afterward where she turns to you and asks if you'd do something like that for her....

i watched this movie 11 years ago in company with my best female friend. i got my judgment teeth pulled out so i didn't feel very good.i ended up liking it big time. it's a hard watch if you take in account that it deals with friendship, unwanted betrayal, power, money, drug traffic, and the extreme hard situation that deals with living in a foreign jail.the acting is on it's prime level. two of the women that i lust the most star and that's a good thing. claire danes is as cute and charming as always while kate beckinsale is extremely hot and delivers a fine performance. bill pullman is also great and demonstrates his histrionic qualities.there are many plot twists to dig from and make it an interesting visual experience. plus it shows the difficult times at thailand.this is an underrated movie. not many films like this one have come up in recent history. it should make you reflex about many things...

while i do not think this was a perfect 10, i do agree it was way above a 6 which is what it's rated here. no, brokedown palace was not perfect and yes it's plot has been done many times before. that doesn't mean it shouldn't be done again if it is done well and i think this movie had some strong moments. the acting of claire danes, as already mentioned many times, was flawless as was kate beckinsell and i think bill pullman was absolutely terrific as was the supporting performances(pullman's wife, the crooked cop, skip or trip or whatever his name is). the cinematography was also beautifully filmed, there was a lot that's good to this movie even if there were some negatives(three major ones that i found) as well.here is what i didn't like about it-the friendship between the girls-in fact, the girls' own individual personalities-were not developed in depth until the late middle of the pic. it would not have been improbable to lose interest before then, because, despite the positives, more character development should have been done earlier on and certain scenes like when the girls were originally arrested, were almost glossed over so there was a bit to much jumping around without the character and scene development i think would have been appropriate for this type of film. that, however, is not my major problem. and warning-spoiler alert.the ending as mentioned dozens of times already, was awful. it was awful in two respects. firstly, even though it would have been predictable and very hollywood, i wanted a happy ending! yes, it was an emotional and powerful ending but in a movie such as this, there is a sense that justice will be served and i did sit through it to see that. i was genuinely shocked at the ending and it was performed with excellence by all involved but i feel both girls should have got out or, barring that, at least the cop should have got what was coming to him. i mean nothing happens to the bad guys, they all get away with it. very disturbing.also, i do not understand the ambiguity of the ending. i understand endings that are inspired to make one think, but this was not a mystery or "clue" type movie we were watching, and i would have liked to know something about what actually happened,who was guilty etc, with this ending we were left to decide that ourselves but since i somehow doubt there will be a sequel, i did not want to be kept guessing.still, there was a lot to like about this movie, and the acting is definitely at the top of the list,i would rate this a 7.5 and say it is definitely worth a look.

i caught this movie by accident on cable in the middle of it and had to rent it to see it's entirety and i'm glad i did. i was immediately drawn by the storyline and cared about the girls involved. naive high school graduates, best friends since childhood, take a high school trip and are taken in by a con man named nick who get them into serious trouble. they are used as sacrificial mules in a heroin smuggling ring. taken in to custody the girls learn to cope with their incarceration while trying to find a way out of their trouble. everything that they try to help themselves falls short when the thai criminal justice system shows shortcomings and the girls end up in more trouble and lose the trust of their american lawyer "yankee hank". hank gives up trying to defend them after he feels betrayed by alice(claire dane). however, the thai native wife of hank smells a rat in the case and does some further foot work of investigation and finds out the girls really were victimized. the end of the movie when alice does a selfless act to save darlene (beckinsale) had me in tears. i really enjoyed this movie and would recommend it.

i like films that don't provide the typical "happy ending," and that's my main reason for my liking of this movie. alice marano (danes) and her best friend darlene (beckinsale) are arrested in thailand for narcotics smuggling after a tip anonymously phoned in to the thai authorities. the film does a solid job of keeping viewers guessing as to whether (or which) of the girls was involved, and bill pullman is perfect as their sleazy lawyer. jacqueline kim turns in a terrific performance as his more kind, magnanimous wife, yon, who is also an attorney. i wish the girls had been abused more in the prison, as another commenter has suggested, as i've heard that thai prisons can be quite brutal. where this film grabs me, however, is its ending. alice subjects herself to a sentence of 96 years in total so that darlene can be pardoned, and we (the viewers) realize that they are both innocent. any film that defies my expectation of the ending wins extra points with me, and this well-acted drama is certainly deserving.

in the film "brokedown palace," directed by jonathan kaplan, two best friends, alice (claire danes) and darlene (kate beckinsale) decide to celebrate high school graduation by taking a trip to hawaii, but hear that bangkok, thailand, is much more fun. they switched plans and decided to go to thailand without telling their parents the change of plans. while they were in thailand, alice and darlene met a really handsome guy named nick parks (daniel lapaine). he tells them that he would trade in his first class ticket to hong kong for three economy tickets so that they could spend the weekend in hong kong. they accepted his offer and upon entering the airport the two were arrested for smuggling drugs. they were convicted and sentenced to thirty three years in prison. i think kaplan was trying to show the audience that it is wise to make good decisions because in one instance one bad decision can change the direction of a life forever. also, a friendly face may not be as friendly as we think once we find out the real intentions of that friendly face. those girls made a decision not to tell their parents that they had switched their plans and it changed their lives forever. things have a funny way of happening showing us what decision we have made verses the decision that we should have made. sometimes life is not fair, that is why it is important to think long and hard about the choices that we make because we can never go back and change the choices that we have made.this movie has a great setting; it was filmed mostly in bangkok thailand. this film also has great music; a few of my favorite songs are 'silence' by delerium, 'damaged' by plumb, 'deliver me' by sarah bightman and 'party's just begun' by nelly furtado. i went out and bought the soundtrack after watching this film. these girls where young and naive and failed to think their plans out thoroughly, a mistake that anyone could make, therefore this film is good for any audience. it makes no difference young or old -- we all are human and subject to mistakes. even though, i did not like the way this film ended leaving me in question of --who really smuggled the drugs? -- i would definitely give this film two thumbs up.

we all have friends. some of us have more than others but there really are only one or two people that you feel really close with, people that you can say are like your brother or sister. alice ( danes )and darlene ( beckinsale ) are like that. you can see that from the beginning. they graduated together, they go to parties together and they decide to go to bangkok together when they were supposed to be going to hawaii. they also get busted for attempting to smuggle drugs into a third world country and that spells disaster. the rest of the film is about survival and not giving up hope. it also has a strong message about the power of friendship and what it can mean to someone.brokedown palace is a very good film, it is not excellent and that is due to a few issues that i want to talk about. but first i want to say what is good about the film. and for starters the acting is top notch, and you can look no further than the two leads. danes and beckinsale are perfect in the roles that they have. alice is always fiery and seems a little rough around the edges, but she seems more fun than darlene. but sometimes that fun can get her into trouble. darlene is always a little on the conservative side and although that can get irritating sometimes, it would have served the two girls better if her way was adhered to instead of alice's. bill pullman is adequate as the american lawyer living in thailand. the film is photographed very well also. the inside of the prison while not the same as shawshank or natural born killers or return to paradice, but it does show the necessary ( but underdone) hopelessness of the situation that they are in. johnathin kaplan's direction is quite good as well. we see the two girls struggling to make it through each day but you can see their spirit is being put out a little more each day. brokedown palace is excellent when it talks about friendship and it shows how they have to rely on each other to survive. the other thing that i had to comment on is the soundtrack for the film. it heightens and compliments the mood of the film to perfection. the song that you hear in the trailer is also played in the film and when it plays you feel the plight of the women in this prison. you can feel how alone they must feel and how desperate they are to get out and get back to the simple things in life. and it also makes you look at yourself and realize how lucky we are to live in the society that we do. we have it easy compared to some country's and believe it or not the music is a perfect catalyst for reflection on this subject. some of the music is done by a group called delirium ( i think ) but it is sara mclaughlin( wrong spelling, but how do you spell her last name? ) that does the lyrics and her voice is beautiful and haunting and it adds so much to the film.what i didn't enjoy about the film was some of the stupidity that the girls exhibit. i won't say what it is that they do but when you see it for yourself you'll know what i am talking about. also i didn't really feel that the prison they were in was all that bad. it looked more like a minimum security prison and that may be because when there are similar circumstances in other films that invlove men doing time in a foreign country, the prison scenes are always brutal and sadistic. but i didn't get that here.overall this is a great film and it really does make you ask the question, " how far would you go for a friend? " that is a tough question and maybe one that none of us could honestly answer until put into the same situation. let's just hope that it never comes down to that.

it's refreshing to see a movie that you think will end happily just like almost every other american movie, and then be surprised when that doesn't happen. i like a happy ending as much as the next guy, but sometimes it's better to portray things in a more realistic manner, and i thought brokedown palace did this very well.the ending, with one friend basically sacrificing herself for the other, thus redeeming her earlier poor behavior which got them into the situation in the first place, was very moving. i almost rather would have done without the last line, which proved that she didn't actually do the deed she confessed to, because that would have made the movie more about the friendship between the two girls, and less about the crime. whether she did it or not wasn't that important.the story itself bordered on the cliché, but the actresses kept my attention with their excellent performances. very realistic, very captivating.7 out of 10.

i love claire danes, and kate beckinsale looks amazingly immature in her role. the movie is flawed only because it seems the two accused seem to be in some monastery, working like monks in the grass and under strict almost martial-arts-like discipline. the acting and filmography and amazing colors of what is supposed-to-be thailand is eye-catching, but claire daines steals the entire movie, and is unexpectedly profound in her learning the hard lesson of life itself to the very end, in an act of amazing unselfishness unheard of and completely unexpected in the real world. the flaws are minute and i recommend the film, which seems buried sadly forever to rare tv showings. i for one want the film for my collection- a collection of only "10" rated films. watch it, you will be very touched.

"what would you do?" is a question that will stick in your mind for weeks after watching the emotional brokedown palace. you will also be left wondering if alice (danes) was telling the truth or not - a issue that is left unresolved, and rightly so. this is a particularly well acted and beautifully shot film. although it is slow at times, its pace is reflective of the story line - but a lot of the film will have you on the edge of your seat; wanting to know what happens next. the ending will also leave you imagining yourself in the shoes of the lead characters, which are brilliantly played by kate beckinsale and claire danes. bill pullman's performance is commendable, too.

this movie is cold, bare truth. often we think "oh no, that won't happen to me." but it can. drug smuggling is big money and often people are unknowingly (or tricked) into doing things for smugglers. the story of these two girls is the story of many young people who like them, only wanted a exotic holiday - which turned into a nightmare. people need to know that these sort of events aren't improbable or exaggerated - this is a major problem in today's society.i would recommend this movie to mature viewers because of the understanding needed to truly appreciate this movie. it is very emotional and raw. well worth watching and certainly stays in your memory.

alice(claire danes) and darlene(kate beckinsale) have been best friends since forever and after they graduate they decide to take a trip to thailand. due to a incident, they meet a young attractive mysterious stranger who invites them to go with him hong kong for the weekend. but at the airport, alice and darlene are mistaken for drug smuggling heroine and they are sent to prison. now it's time for ultimate survival and true friendship. this was a pretty good movie, i've seen it a couple of times and after a while you notice that they are a few holes in the plot but the movie still keeps you entertained. claire danes did a great job as usual, she is a great actress. i would give brokedown palace 8/10

brokedown palace is truly a one of a kind. it's an amazing story, showing two girl's plight for freedom against the thailand justice system. they soon find themselves placing faith into a system they know nothing about.alice morano (claire danes) and darlene davis (kate beckinsale), are two best friends, strait out of high school. they suddenly change their vacation plans from hawaii to thailand, and are immediately captivated by a young man, nick parks. he flirts with them both, and suggests that the three of them go to hong kong for the weekend.when the two arrive at the airport, they are immediately searched for drugs. someone tipped off customs, and in an instant, their life is changed forever. in the mix of the confusion of settling into their new life, they learn about a highly respected lawyer, named hank green (bill pullman).an american who knows the thai justice system, he fights for the girl to be free. but they soon find out, when they leave or go is all up to them.if you're looking for a great movie that'll stay with you for years - brokedown palace is definitely the way to go.

i saw this movie a million years (5 years to be exact) ago for the first the time. in the light of recent events with the australian woman schapelle corby being imprisoned in indonesia for so called smuggling pot, i decided to watch this movie again. i excepted to cry my heart out, 'cause i'm sucker for hot girls in need (just read my review of 'the stalking of laurie show'). some moist escaped my eyes, but it were hardly buckets filled with tears. why? not because the two heroines weren't utterly adoring and helpless, not because the movie wasn't heartbreaking at the sight of these two kids in the prime of their live locked up in almost inhuman conditions. why then? why did i not cry? i wanted to cry! when i rent a movie like this, i except to be moved, to sob like there's no tomorrow, to feel miserable and like it. this movie was simply too short to do this. it was just like the script was reduced to the main plot elements, and while doing this the psychological aspect was thrown aside. clare danes and kate beckinsale did an excellent job portraying the emotions of the two friends, but this movie just screamed for more footage of these girls in their depressing (and oppressing) surroundings. the mental journey is missing here for some reason. you only get to see the key moments of it (which are very touching, i admit), probably because of bad editing. sometimes i felt these girls were walking around in a postcard. the relationship with the family members could also have used a bit more attention. what's up with the relationships between the girls and the parents (especially between alice and her dad)? you catch a glimpse of it, but the film doesn't quite offer the whole picture, sadly enough.nonetheless this was a great movie, and at the end i even had to bite my lip a bit. but i guess this has more to do with the acting skills (and the looks) of the actresses (and the music) then with the merit of the director. to be honest, i hardly knew who kate beckinsale was before i watched this movie (again). now, i am a fan! great movie, as long as you don't expect it to be classic cinema.

i saw this movie by luck, just because i was going through a phase where i had a new found admiration for bill pullman and wanted to see all of his recent movies and thank god i did! this movie has stuck with me ever since and remain one of my favorites! the story revolves around two girls who embark on a dramatic journey in a foreign country where they'll learn the true meaning of freedom.alice and darlene were just trying to spend a vacation together before going to college but their trip ended up a much more complicated story. the struggle they go through as they are arrested in thailand and became prisoners is very moving and intense. the acting is amazing, the images extraordinary, the soundtrack is fantastic and so right for the movie and the message transmitted definitely powerful. i actually can't even find the right words to describe how this movie makes me feel every time i watch it. i know some people haven't appreciated as much as me by the rating the movie has but i swear, this one, you have to see!!! i promise it will stick with you!

i saw this film at a store in the cheap section. i actually vividly remembered seeing the commercials and trailer for it years ago. i thought "what the hey' and bought it, basically because the plot sounded interesting and claire danes has always been someone of talent in my eyes (this was also before i became a huge kate beckinsale fan).so it's about two girls who sneak off to a vacation in bangkok, get busted for narcotics (which they are innocent of) and then are sent to a thailand prison. the film follows what will happen to them and at times questions their innocence.both claire danes and kate beckinsale give great performances, and the plot of this film wraps itself up unconventionally, and raises some nice moral discussion questions.i think this is a solid good film, but there could have been some improvements. it could have been longer...it would've helped to solidify these characters and more insight into the politics of thailand's justice system would've helped.nevertheless, other than that, it's a good film with some great performances.p.s. for all you pop-culture junkies be on the lookout for a two-minute role by paul walker. i didn't even notice him the first time i saw the film.

henri verneuil represented the commercial cinema in france from 1960-1980. always strong at the box-office, and usually telling dramatic and suspenseful tales of casino robberies, mafia score-settling and world war ii battles, verneuil could be counted on to give us two solid hours of entertainment on saturday night. he worked with the cream of the male actors of his day: gabin, belmondo, fernandel, delon, sharif, anthony quinn. i... comme icare is the only time he directed yves montand. it's an oddly static film, taking place mainly in offices and conference rooms, containing not one chase scene and hardly any violence.montand gives a good performance, if somewhat dry, and he is well supported by the other actors. i couldn't help wondering what costa-gavras could have done with this story, on the basis of z (the lambrakis assassination) and l'aveu (the torture of artur london in czechoslovakia by stalinists).

this is a must see for anybody who loves thriller's specially political thriller. one scene that stands out is milgram experiment it is shot to perfection very rarely do we get to see a movie shot and scripted the way this movie is presented.the movie starts with a kennedy like assassination and a three member team is constituted to investigate the assassination. however one of the member does not agree with the final findings of the committee. as per the terms set that member would initiate a one man investigation into the assassination. this investigation gets him involved in into to deep and dark secrets of high office politics and the way they are controlled.

this movie i saw some 10 years ago (maybe more), i took it in a rental and never found it to buy even in french sites. the end is very surprising and intelligent. i would like very much to watch it again because i think it's as surpring as the sixth sense althogh a completely different kind of movie.

i saw this film for the very first time several years ago - and was hooked up in an instant. it is great and much better than j. f. k. cause you always have to think 'can it happen to me? can i become a murderer?' you cannot turn of the tv or your vcr without thinking about the plot and the end, which you should'nt miss under any circumstances.

finally a thriller which omits the car chases, explosions and other eye catching effects. the movie combines a simple plot (assasination of a french president) with an excellent background. it takes a look behind mans behavior with authorities, and explains why we would obey almost every order (even murder) which would be given to us.furthermore it shows us how secret services can manipulate the run of history and how hardly they can be controlled. the best thing on this movie is, that there is no classic "hollywood end" which can easily be predicted.

the first time i saw this film, i was in shock for days afterwards. its painstaking and absorbing treatment of the subject holds the attention, helped by good acting and some really intriguing music. the ending, quite simply, had me gasping. first rate!

highly memorable, intelligent and suspenseful movie from one of french movies' true geniuses, the formidably able henri verneuil. the plot is an exact parallel of the jfk assassination, and takes place in a non-descript, fictional country. the film, visually as well as plot-wise, is razor-sharp. shot with meticulous precision, it follows henry volnay, the procuror who takes on himself to unravel the coup. in many ways, it's a very disturbing movie, not the least for the cold and analytical precision of its comment on a so-called modern state's inner workings. the atmosphere and characters are all utterly believable, and verneuil left nothing to chance in its tight plotting. on another level, this relatively little-known movie just had a 15 years head-start on oliver stone, who was acclaimed for the "jfk" movie, a inferior film in many areas, the least of which not being credibility...it's a masterpiece, any cinema lover should see it, preferably in its original french version with subs.

i'm not tired to say this is one of the best political thrillers ever made. the story takes place in a fictional state, but obviously it deals with the murder of kennedy. a truthful and honest district attorney (played by yves montand) does not believe that the murder was planned and executed by the single man daslow (=oswald) and though all other officials want to close the case he continuous to investigate with his team.the screenplay is written tight and fast and holds the tension till the end. just the part dealing with the milgram experiment about authorities is (though not uninteresting) a bit out of place. the ending sequence - explaining who icarus really is - partly shot in slow motion and intensified by a morricone soundtrack is the most powerful sequence i have ever seen in a movie.

first time i saw this movie was in the eighties, but reviewed now this thriller is still actual. some newer movies focus on similar topics, but they do not match this french milestone.a president - obviously jf kennedy - gets shot in an open car during a public appearance. the resulting huge investigation finds the "lee harvey oswald" figure of this movie guilty, but one member of the jury insists in further inquiry. he reveals some surprising evidence ...unlike oliver stone's jfk - a movie with the same plot - this one does not play with emotions, but concentrates in a exciting description of a conspiracy and how everything fits together, drawing a new picture of the assassination. even a real psychological experiment is used for this explanation of the crime scene. compared to jfk this movie is more reasonable, intelligent and thrilling. parts of the plot can be found in a lot of newer movies, i had a kind of deja vu sometimes sitting in the cinema."i... comme icare" is a "must see". its unique and brilliant, and the music by ennio morricone is wonderful. this movie deserves a very good ranking, if it was a hollywood production it would be famous for sure.

henri verneuil's film may be not so famous as parallax view, 3 days of the condor or jfk but it is certainly not worse and sometimes even better than these classic representatives of the genre. action takes place in fictional western state where fictional president has been killed. after several years of investigation, special government commission decides that president was killed by a lone gunman. but one man - prosecutor volney, played by yves montand - thinks there's something more to be investigated and so the film starts. this movie doesn't deal with some exact theories, but it embraces the whole structure of relationship between government and society in today's world. such film could be made only in the 1970-ies but it will never lose it's actuality. furthermore, it's even a bit frightful how precise are it's oracles. 10 out of 10.

on first watching this film it is hard to know quite what has happened, but on a subsequent viewing it become more clear. i enjoyed this movie. dean cain was excellent in the role of bob. lexa doig's character was confusing to understand, at first, she was out to trap bob but i really believe she landed up loving him although by then she had broken his heart. dean cain's performance was an usual excellent. he gets better with every film he does. my only question at the end of the film was what happened to bob, camilla and the baby. it was left for the viewer to decide

warning! spoilers ahead! spoilers i've seen movie in german, so it might be, that i missed some clues. despite some weakness in the plot, it's a movie that came through to me. i liked especially lexa doig's acting. sometimes i got impression, that she *is* camille. but i can't stop wondering, what happened at the end with bob, cassie and baby. i belive, she, after initially being set on bob, eventually ended up loving him and regretting what happened with his brother and being forced to lie to him. otherwise it's a bit strange, that she would carry his baby and love it. it's up to viewer to decide - and i don't like such endings. dean cain was as good as ever, eric roberts .. well, i've seen him better but also worse. i believe that the film is more an analysis of human relations and reacting in unexpected situations than a crime story. bottom line is, i liked it very much.

the story is being told fluidly. there are no interruptions. the flash backs are woven into the present seamlessly. casting was superb. young ya'ara looked very much like ya'ara would have looked at that age. her portrayal of a blind person was done convincingly. director daniel syrkin have done a superb job in getting the various actors to work together in this story. the cinematography is very good. you feel like you are with ya'ara and talia walking toward the ocean to the edge of the cliff. the english subtitles follow the hebrew script very closely. it is interesting to note that even though "out of sight" is not a direct translation of "lemarit ayin" both names are very appropriate to the story.

although there is melodrama at the center or rather at the bottom of this film, the story is told beautifully and subtly and the acting is superb.yaara, studying at princeton, returns to her native israel for the funeral of her oldest and dearest friend, talia. because yaara practically lived with her friend's parents after the death of her own mother, she has lost her adoptive sister. and because yaara, blind from birth, has been guided and guarded by talia, her friend's suicide is as unbearable as it is inexplicable.inevitably, the blind girl is the one who determines to solve the mystery of this death. though without sight, she has insight. though she cannot see, she is able to find what is out of sight than the "normal" people around her. the film thus becomes an absorbing mystery as yaara scours for clues in memories of her relationship with talia, in her adoptive family's house, in tapes, diaries, and people in talia's past and present.told from yara's point of view, the film is also seen from her point of view, as she visualizes what she hears, believes, and imagines. the solution to the mystery is rather conventional, but the search is conducted with such subtle care and the answer rendered so beautifully and without fanfare, that the pat moment is easily forgiven. the truths emerge gradually yet inexorably, clarifying not only talia's life, but also her relationship with yaara. tali sharon, as yaara, uses her mobile face and voice effectively, and is utterly believable as both the adult and teenage girl. we accept fully her ability by the film's end to find her place in the world more confidently.noteworthy is the precision by which places and actions are repeated with small but significant variations that never become tedious, the dead-on acting by the minor characters, and the interesting decision to represent talia only as a teenager. i will quibble with yaara's final declaration as stands with gadi, talia's last boyfriend, at a cliff's edge, but that trip to the edge is so fascinating that the image will remain in sight longer than her words will be recalled.

i won't give anything away by describing the plot of this film other than to say that it begins with the return to israel of a young blind woman whose closest friend and companion has just committed suicide. it unfolds like a detective story as the blind woman tries to figure out why her friend ended her life. as she pursues her investigation and the information accumulates, it leads inexorably to a devastating conclusion. the film is expertly paced and the acting, especially by talia sharon as ya'ara, the blind woman, is excellent. israeli film has definitely come of age and is now fully competitive with other foreign films, though few have found a large audience in the u.s.

once a year "comes" a movie like that and makes things easy for you. you don't have make an effort to think it is good, it's just is. you enjoy it while you watch it, and you take it home with you. i can't say it is totally flawless, but it's near. acting - great, story -interesting and with elements of suspense. it's a small family story, pretty much predictable, but it's not the secret itself that matters. it is the way the it takes the blind girl to reach it. i was impressed by the way the director portrayed their deep relationship (the blind girl and her cousin). the only thing i didn't like that much is the actress that played the mother, she was too tough and without necessity. keren

"the big goodbye" introduces us to the first holodeck adventure, in this case captain picard posing as private investigator dixon hill. this episodes creates some sort of standard pattern, repeated several times on tng as well as ds 9 and voyager. after entering the holodeck something goes wrong and the characters have to deal with the program under different circumstances beyond playing a game (represented by the failure of the holodeck's safety program). this concept is used to expand star trek's possibility and enabling a kind of genre-mix. picard's dixon hill stories are examples of 1940s crime fiction and their representation on the screen are referred to as film noir often having the stereotype antihero in the lead (see for example chandler's marlowe stories or polanski's all time classic "chinatown"). star trek never focuses on the story (mostly it's a simple "how-do-we-get-out-of-here" scenario) but enables the actors to take a different approach to their characters. those holodeck "games" are commonly used for recreation and reflect the private interests of the crew members. therefore the technical aspect is always neglected and from that point of view the stories are never sound (but did star trek ever had a technical, scientific point to it, i mean besides some utopic concepts?)."the big goodbye" shows a relaxed patrick stewart, a mcfadden that hardly ever looked better in a star trek episode (at least the early ones) and data has some great scenes, too (although i find it hard to believe that pulling the lamp's plug out of the wall would have really surprised him, for the fact that he'd done research on that period and its customs). wesley continues turning peaceful trekkies into potential murderers (why didn't they take him to the holodeck and let the gangsters finish him off?) but all in all this one's fun...

this episode introduced the holodeck to the tng world. the jarada have to be contacted and a precise greeting must be delivered or it would greatly insult them. a tired picard decides to take a trip into the holodeck and a wonderful adventure begins. the settings are superb and almost movie like. alas, the jarada probe sent shortly thereafter damages the holodeck and all it's safety devices stop working. picard and now guests must outwit the mobsters of gangland 40s america and return to the jarada rendezvous. picard greets the jarada correctly and a new day dawns between humanity and the jarada. this gem of a first season episode set the holodeck for many interesting and unusual adventures to be had there

this peabody award winning episode is one of the highlights of the 1st season where a holodeck malfunction traps captain picard, beverly, data, and a starfleet historian named waylan within a 1930's san francisco setting. this episode is an homage to raymond chandler's "maltese falcon" where patrick stewart assumes the humphrey bogart role - complete with fedora and trenchcoat. the office itself is almost an exact replica of the one featured in bogey's "maltese falcon." this episode also briefly introduces us to a mysterious insect race called the jarada that communicate with mostly a high-pitched buzzing sound. communication with this alien race is difficult, and it is up to picard to communicate with this race in their native tongue so that negotiations and diplomacy can finally begin. the best part of this episode, though, is the appearance of the famous hollywood b-actor lawrence tierney in the role of the gangster cyrus redblock. he was such a handsome man back in the 1940's. oh, well...

born again is a okay episode of season 1. the reincarnation bit, in my opinion, is cool. the more i watch it, the more i like it, yet it will never rise above 'very good' for me. even though it is not very memorable, i'll always remember it as the reincarnation episode. anyway, now i will say what is good and bad about this episode,the good: oragami. oh yeah!that fish tank was nice. =]thrown out of a window. very classy. x]the bad: marry your best friend's wife!? o_owhat a random pick to reincarnate.why didn't the guy who died by having his scarf tangled up, try to take his scarf off instead?conclusion: okay episode, not very memorable. 7/10

hmmm, yeah this episode is extremely underrated.even though there is a lot of bad writing and acting at parts. i think the good over wins the bad. i love the origami parts and the big 'twist' at the end. i absolutely love that scene when michelle confronts tony. it's actually one of my favorite scenes of season 1. for some reason, people have always hated the reincarnation episodes, yet i have always liked them. they're not the best, in terms of writing. but the theme really does interest me,i'm gonna give it a three star, but if the writing were a little more consistent i'd give it four.

born again the limerick: if a man could come back from the dead and live in a little girl's head revenge he would get for the murder he metby the guy that's now in his wife's bed.for me born again is a highly under-rated, classic episode that makes up a part of what defined the x-files for me before i started watching it. i saw a few segments before when the show first came on and i was much too young to watch it such as parts of the jersey devil, but i very specifically remember watching this episode as an 11 year old and being absolutely creeped out by the scene where they guy gets choked to death by the bus and then the hypnosis scene with the little girl. i tell you i couldn't sleep for weeks! for this reason the episode has a special aura about it now of the creepiness factor that i have since grown to enjoy. its enough to let me look past some of the obvious flaws in the plot such as why the girl had to wait until she was 9 before her previous life spirit really began to exact his revenge. or what she was doing just randomly sitting on a bus in the middle of the night. you'd think her parents would have been worried. and maybe they were we just don't really see that part of the story. and was was with the telekinesis? other than adding the really cool carrie factor to the already creepy story, there really wasn't any kind of good explanation for it. but even with its little flaws, in my mind this is a classic episode and has little to no reason for me to not like it. 10 out of 10.

