the 700 club gives a great perspective on world events. some have described it as disingenuous or cheesy. i find the program to be informative and inspirational. it is only natural for many to throw mud on a program that has proved to be so successful. there are very few shows that can point to a 40 year track record of success in the world of television media and the 700 club is one of them. while mr. robertson may have been wrong to say that someone should be assassinated, i find it curious that so many people will literally trip over themselves to hop on the bandwagon of criticism. i have certainly said some foolish things in my life. i would certainly be willing to forgive mr. robertson since he puts out a great show.

the person's comment that said that pat robertson is evil and his program is evil has nothing to compare what evil and righteous is. his definition of evil is the opposite of evil. the bible itself says that in the last days people will call good evil and evil good! he doesn't even know that he fulfilled bible prophecy! if you don't know god and refuse to know him now, that's okay. he still loves you but when you do finally bow your knee to him, and you will, it will be too late for you. god sends no one to hell, not even you! you will go there of your own decision and your spewing defines it! may god have mercy on you and give you a damascus road experience. the 700 club and pat robertson's ministry is one of the reasons i'm still here. on the edge of alcoholism, adultery, and probably death, god reached through the tv screen and used pat robertson to do it, and thank god he did! you have a right to say what you said but you don't have a right to curse with your words. god have mercy on you.

contrary to what those who hate christianity, the 700 club provides real answers as well as inspiration. it also provides reliable news, logical commentary and a different view than what abc, cbs, nbc and pbs thinks is best. unlike other programs, which provide social and faith-related commentary, those who are behind the 700 club provide help for those in need, such as feeding the hungry with operation blessing, providing medical help to those living in poverty-stricken communities and giving hope to those who need hope. it's not at all hateful. if the 700 club offends you, i suggest reaching for the remote control and turning the channel on your tv set. i do the same thing when i find cnn headline news or for that matter, programs which i find biased or offensive. what i find offensive is the way that the abc family inserts the disclaimer that the views of the 700 club do not reflect those of abc family.

