i typically don't like reality shows, particularly the ones that are profiting off of "american idol"'s success. but this one i can live with.comedians from all around the world perform a brief routine for celebrity talent scouts, and if they like them, those guys will be sent to perform a routine for an actual audience. then ten or twelve comics are selected to live in a house together and do "survivor" style competitions using comedic tactics. then one will be determined as "last comic standing." i do like stand up comedy, so this is the one reality show must keen to my interests. there are usually some pretty funny comics selected through. it started the careers of such talents as alonzo bodden, ralphie may, and josh blue.my negative criticisms is the fact that there is the possibility that a lot of these comics were selected for their contribution to reality show drama. at first they lived together in a house like "big brother," but now they've done away with that, thank god.and there are a lot of comedians i felt, were only chosen not because they're funny, but because of race, ethnicity, attitude, sex, etc. when other comics clearly should've beaten them out. but overall, it's a well-made reality show, which are two terms up until now i thought were an oxymoron.

i just caught an episode about brad, the crack cocaine addict who turned to a drug addicted life on the streets after his bicycle racing career went to shambles as fast as it started. i have to say that the story about his biking career was more heart-breaking than his drug addiction. here's this young guy who is winning bike races left and right and is invited to train with an olympic training team for two weeks, and immediately upon arriving he insults lance armstrong, one of the greatest athletes who ever lived, and is generally callous and unfriendly to everyone in general. understandably, he is soon asked to leave. most of the show is about his struggle with addiction and how he got his life back, but what i wanted to know was what was wrong with him in the first place to make his act like such an ass?at any rate, i was confused about how the show was put together, since it shows brad at the height of his addiction. we see footage of him pan-handling and sleeping in gutters and ditches and even smoking crack cocaine. i didn't even know that was legal to show, but why would a camera crew just follow him around and film that? do they do that in hopes that this guy will turn his life around and give them some material for a good tv episode?at any rate, it is an enlightening show, because it shows the effects of various addictions and the total control that they can take over people's lives. sometimes it's hard to watch because you really see how badly the families and friends suffer in the face of the addict's indifference, although i have to admit that at the end it all seems a little too clean-cut. there are times during the episodes when terrible things happen and everything seems lost, but still, and maybe i should warn about spoilers here, everything has a little too much of a happily-ever-after feel at the end, and i have a feeling that that is a very uncommon occurrence in real life. but still, it's a show about people trying to help other people, and you can never complain too much about something like that

'intervention' has helped me with my own addictions and recovery. i'm a middle-aged married father of two. i'm quite functional in my personal and professional life. still, i have pain from my past that i use addictions to soothe, and issues from which i am slowly recovering. when these addicts and their families share their lives with me, they help me to improve my life and my relationship with my family.the show, unlike many others, digs into the past of the addict and reveals events that probably caused their addiction. many of us suffer because it's too scary to go back and do, as alice miller says, "the discovery and emotional acceptance of the truth in the individual and unique history of our childhood." the show deserves a lot of credit for at least getting this process started. this digging is painful and difficult, but worth it. so much coverage of addiction -- fictional and non-fictional -- seems to ignore the underlying issues. often it's assumed that the addict just one day started to shoot up or whatever for fun or pleasure or self-interest, and now they can't stop. not so: addictions are about killing pain. i can relate to the different events and hardships in people's lives. there are common themes, and surprising exceptions. many addicts have suffered miserable abuse. some kids simply respond badly to divorce. to those who think that addiction is an over-reaction to a hardship, i would just say that different people respond differently. although some kids handle divorce well, others, like cristy in the show, "collapse in a heap on the floor" and have their lives forever changed by the event.for example, last night's counselor said that pretty young andrea seeks validation from men. she strips for cash for a 75-year old neighbor and lets men abuse her. sound familiar to anyone? the series is filled with information that we can use to understand our own motivations and make adjustments to our lives. often it's those of us with smaller issues who suffer the longest. as they say, even a stopped watch is right twice a day, but a slow watch can go undetected for quite a while, until it's made your life miserable.to the producers: thank you for making the show, for digging into the past, for the follow-ups. also, the graphics, the format, and the theme music are brilliant.to the addicts: thank you for your courage to share. whether or not you have helped yourself, you have helped me.

i find i enjoy this show, but the format needs some work. first off, the good attributes. i like how this show will take us through the day-to-day life of an addict because the producers have a knack at getting the addict to show us how bad they've allowed their lives to become. this is followed by an intervention which is then followed by an outcome. intervention doesn't candy-coat things and sometimes the outcome (often short term due to the constraints of time between filming and airing) is a negative outcome. this makes the positive outcomes all the better.another thing i like about the show is the quality of the camera work. given the reality that these cameramen have to squeeze anywhere and don't have the benefit of re shooting scenes the photography is surprisingly good and stable. it's actually superior to scripted shows like "the shield" where the photography is so bad it can induce nausea.now for the bad. an episode will sometimes contain two completely different and unrelated cases that will be mixed together during the show. you'll get caught up in the story of one addict then suddenly you're thrown into the story of another. get caught up in that story then suddenly you're back to the first addict...or are you? by now you may have forgotten which case the individual currently on screen belong to. this constant flip-flopping between addicts really gets disruptive during the intervention scenes because the show will even mix together the two completely unrelated interventions! i once heard the marketing b.s. reason for this poor design: "the show can get so intense that switching to another addict allows the viewer time to absorb what they're watching." oh please. clearly the reason this is done is because they have two cases that aren't big enough for an hour show so they mix two together. by mixing them instead of giving each a half hour block, like they should, it forces the viewer to watch the entire thing (and the commercials) if they are interested in one case but not the other.i used to find these "blender" episodes so annoying that i'd only tell my tivo to record episodes containing one addict, but then it became easier just to record all of them.

this show is awesome! i have been a fan since it premiered, and it only keeps me watching... i've seen some terrible things here, that i wish i hadn't, but, it really shows you how addiction affects all involved, not just the addict. you can see all kinds of different addictions, from drugs and alcohol to the shopping addict, or the eating disorder addict. and actually, it's really sad to see some of the famous faces that have come through also. we've seen accomplished musicians, an nba player, and even young people, who really need the help. and since they have started showing a few follow-ups, that's been awesome too. now, you can see how they are a long while after their ep aired. if you haven't checked this one out, please do. it's on a&e, and it's awesome! the new eps are sunday nights at 10pm est, if i remember correctly... so set your tivo!

rock star: inxs was the best music tv series i have ever watched! it had some of the greatest rock n' roll songs ever written, performed by 15 very talented singers/performers. it also had (in my opinion) the most heart-felt, feel-good, surprise endings in all of reality tv. it actually made me shed tears of happiness for the winner!!! over the 13 weeks of this televised competition, the viewing audience got to know and became familiar with all of the contestants. after 30-some episodes the remaining contestants seemed more like friends than just some more strangers competing against each other on a reality tv show. and the fact that inxs was, and still is, one of the greatest rock n' roll bands ever just added to the emotional tension created by this wonderful reality series. if you don't have the series recorded, rock star: inxs the dvd is a great alternative.

as has been well documented by previous posters, the real stars of rockstar: inxs - and, indeed it's sequel, rockstar: supernova - are paul mirkovich, rafael moreira, jim mcgorman, nate morton and sasha krivtsov. don't know who they are? they are the awesome, tight, rockin' house band whose music savvy and talent made this show something more than a sad american idol clone.remember the "strings" night? that was musical precision and perfection if ever i've seen it. suzie mcneil's epic rendition of queen's 'bohemian rhapsody', ty taylor's memorable cover of the stones' 'you can't always get...', jd fortune singing "suspicious minds". the common denominator here is the awesome house band.as good as inxs were in their prime, they are sadly a shadow of their former selves, though jd's live performance has somewhat breathed new life into their music, this show is all about the hb.memo to producers: season three (if we're blessed enough to have it happen) should be rockstar: house band. get those boys a good lead singer and they are going places.

the cast is different and now they took a different approach we have the street smart team "networth" vs . the supposed professional team "magna" but boy if you think the street smart team would have trouble you'd be right. while the magna team has struggled at times, the street team has simply disintegrated week after week.first some things to reiterate as far as the "apprentice 3" first of it continues the same absurd mentality (from trump) and the game in this series: if your a good project manager, but you lose, the team will turn on you and you will be fired, despite the fact that your backstabbing teammates are often the ones who do half ass jobs. simply absurd, that a game show that claims to hire the best candidate actually "weeds" out the best while the dysfunctional candidates stab each other until one is left and that person is the best . lolanyone this season, weve seen a total of cursing, backstabbing and even gay offensive stereotypes carried out as teams try to do campaigns.the list of victims so far cast tara dowdell , audrey evans , danny kastner those three are the only that i feel were unfairly fired by trump, the rest really had it coming as they only incited conflict, anger and suffering. it's just amazing as one candidate audrey evans said as how she who did a good job was fired and how some of her worthless teammates are still in the game.yes its the game, it's "the apprentice" where manipulation, backstabbing, and always popular "everyone gang up on the project manager" mentality rules.it has been an entertaining ride, though, the candidates are given a wide array of assignments from photo shoots to the construction of mini golf courses, to building of new apartments.still though it's still the "apprentice" though so all you can do basically is laugh the whole time as the insanity and chaos insues until lucky person is the winner.

for people interested in business and the corporate world, this show is simply the best of the best. as one of the former contestants of the show wrote in his blog about this innovative show: people in business finally had an audience. the whole idea is perfect; having a group of businesspeople competing against each other in business-related tasks, set in the best place in the world, new york city. donald trump is perfect as the boss, even though his ego is bigger than the whole universe times infinity. he also makes a lot of questionable decisions about whom to fire, which is one of the negatives about the show.season 1: great season overall, the best season of the "normal" ones. this season was the one that was most about actual business skills. later on the series almost drowned in marketing related tasks with way too many product placements. great and interesting contestants overall, with the most likable character ever in this series: troy. i know i'm not the only person who suspect that the trump world tower-episode where he got fired was rigged to have amy and nick win this particular task.season 2: also a great season. the tasks were still pretty much ok, and it had many interesting contestants. jen m was terrible and should never had made it to the final, imo. also, this season had the worst firing ever (pamela).season 3: terrible. actually, i liked the concept of book smarts vs. street smarts, but the cast was so utterly terrible (it turned out that trump hated the cast as well) that the whole season was a total disaster. best moments was the second episode (motel renovation), with pm brian fired, a guy who added nothing but huge amounts of comedy value.season 4: an excellent season, much because of the interesting and entertaining contestants this season (especially randall, alla, marcus and the total disaster whose name was toral). the "take me out to the boardroom" episode is one of the absolute classics of this show, ending with the well-remembered quadruple firing. sadly, i think we got robbed for the randall vs. alla final. i think trump was afraid that she could have won, and prevented that from happening.season 5: a boring season with really no special things to it. brent was just an embarrassment and obviously only there to create drama. the tasks were terrible overall (how has creating a jingle anything to do with business at all?). i guess the best man won, but personally i couldn't care less.season 6: i can see why they wanted to try out l.a. as a new location for the show, but looking back it was a mistake. new york will always be the place for this. this season added so many new things, most of them terrible (like losing team having to sleep outside in tents, winning pm continues to be pm ,for example). the tasks were terrible and trump also chose the wrong winner. james deserved it, no doubt.season 7: celebrity edition. best season ever. totally different rules (like the use of rolodexes), but all fun and entertainment. the biggest problem was that many of the contestants were not real celebrities at all, especially the women where everyone were unknown to me except for omarosa, who is a total disgrace to everything she takes part in. this looked to be gene simmon's season, but after he made a complete fool of himself during the kodak task , another man emerged from the shadows: piers morgan. never has anyone dominated a season like he did. he crushed his opponents and also came across as a guy with a great sense of humor (although some uptight americans (not all americans, of course, don't take me wrong) sadly didn't have the social skills to understand it). way to go piers!!for fans of this i highly recommend the uk version starring sir alan sugar as the boss. in fact, the british version is way better, and that says something since the american (and original) truly is a great show. one thing about the uk version is that the contestants normally tend to behave like decent human beings in the boardroom, unlike the constant yelling and rude behavior that takes place in the us version.

the interesting aspect of "the apprentice" is it demonstrates that the traditional job interview and resume do not necessarily predict teamwork skills, task dedication, and job performance. and they certainly don't reveal any hidden agendas. in other words, a good indicator of potential may be to see a job applicant in action which is the point of "the apprentice". people vying for a corporate position may hand over a sugar-coated resume and put on their best personality attire for the interview, but these are not necessarily the best indicator of strengths, weaknesses, and performance.briefly, "the apprentice" involves 16 job candidates competing for the ultimate career opportunity: a position in real estate magnate donald trump's investment company. "the apprentice" refers to the winner who will win a salaried position, learn the art of high stakes deal-making from the master himself, and, presumably, gain prime corporate connections. the position is a dream-come-true for those wanting to make more money than the gnp of some foreign countries. to entice the candidates, trump shows off his private jet, his private luxury apartments replete with statues and artwork, his limos, his connections to celebrities, and other aspects of the life of a billionaire magnate.the road to success is not easy. the group is divided into two teams that compete against each other. each has a corporate-sounding name, such as versacorps and protégé corporation. the teams are assigned tasks that entail an entrepreneurial venture such as creating advertising, selling merchandise, or negotiating. teams select a project manager who provides the leadership and organizational skills to complete the task. if they win, the manager receives a lot of credit, particularly in the eyes of the final arbiter. if they lose, the manager may also become the scape-goat. some of the tasks are monumentally difficult with only a day or two to complete. tasks may involve creating a tv commercial, or print ad. others may involve selling at a retail outlet or on the street.the tasks bring out the best and worst in the participants. they often show immediately who is the most reliable, who is the most trustworthy, and who is hard working. and the tasks also expose who is not a good team player, who is inefficient, and who seems only out for themselves. the tasks invariably reveal in unexpected ways the strengths and weaknesses of the participants and in particular the project manager. how well the manager communicates with the team, delegates work, organizes time, and sets specific goals will largely determine the outcome, but it does not necessarily predict the winner.the single-most telling aspect of someone's potential is when he or she is assigned as a project manager. their real abilities as opposed to their self-propagated abilities immediately show through the veneer that cannot be hidden by a $100 silk tie or a beautiful makeover. leadership qualities and/or weaknesses often become agonizingly obvious after only a few minutes. those promoting themselves as top-notch leaders are not always as strong when put into a real-life leadership situation. it is always easier to "toot your own horn" than to actually engage in leadership. project managers, even those on the winning teams, often do not formulate a cohesive strategy. they often believe that by diving off the deep end to complete the task at the first minute rather than taking a little time to organize and discuss how the task will be completed is more efficient. more often than not, members of an ill-strategized team are running around like headless chickens figuring it out as they go along, and in the long run they end up wasting far more time.the winning team gets a taste of the high life, such as eating dinner at an exclusive restaurant, flying in a private jet, and/or meeting a celebrity. the losing team comes to the dreaded board room where trump hears the lame excuses of the members and knocks off one or more of the contestants like pieces off a chess board with the now infamous "you're fired". often, the project manager is held partially responsible for the team's loss, and may be the target of trump's accusatory rhetoric. every week, at least one person becomes a casualty from the losing team. my least-favorite aspect of "the apprentice" is the board room. while the tasks themselves bring out the strengths and weaknesses in the candidates, the board room often brings out the worst. unfortunately, the rules of the game insist there is one winning team and one losing team, even if the competition was close. members of the losing team start accusing each other, often ruthlessly, about who was at fault. and sometimes more than one person gets fired. i seldom see an under-performing candidate take responsibility for their actions in the board room. kristi frank and kwame jackson were possibly the only candidates who took full responsibility for her team's losses and received no recognition for this selfless act. for me, kristi frank and kwame jackson had the most integrity of all the candidates. however, trump saw kristi as weak and fired her, claiming she wasn't standing up for herself, which may mean he values ego more than integrity. no one should sacrifice their integrity for this. kristi frank may not have become the apprentice but she can live with herself knowing she did not blame others unjustly. isn't that worth as much as "winning"?the strength of "the apprentice" is also its weakness. because team performance is evaluated strictly by winners and losers, other evaluation opportunities are overlooked. barring huge gaps between the winning and losing teams, sometimes a losing team exemplifies a high standard of teamwork and efficiency. i have seen losing teams sometimes appearing better organized than the winning team. we americans are so often obsessed with winning and losing that we often overlook excellence.

i started watching the apprentice about 4 years ago(maybe 5) and i really really liked it. the first thing that strikes you about it is the refreshing format, which though similar to a lot of other reality shows at its core, is still very entertaining. donald trump is wonderful as the host and the main judge of the show as well. the casting coup with intelligent people having good looks being picked as contestants is appreciated as well. but the best part of the show is new york city. mark burnett may have made a lot of crap in his time but his handling of the cinematography is excellent as he makes nyc look like a character unto itself. the jazz tunes coupled with some great camera-work make new york look spectacular.the apprentice will easily alway make my top 3 reality shows of all time(the amazing race is no. 1,however).but just like the amazing race this show is always best watched in moderation. if you keep watching it for a while the originality of the show will wear off fast(the same case as with tar).star world, the broadcasters in this country, did a bang up job in presenting the show. the first three seasons were shown in a row, then after 2 years the next two seasons were shown, which kept the concept fresh.in conclusion, you will love this show, especially the first 2 seasons. however if you keep watching the show continuously, thereafter its charm will wear off and fast.

wow what an episode! after last week seeing mellisa constantly making cameos about the friendship of annie and brandi i almost puked. but that was nothing until seeing mellisa's tirade after being fired. seeing her hobble around on her cast spewing out obscenities and screaming for someone to get her purse was absolutely the most hilarious thing ever on reality tv. she continued to scream at people off set to get her clothes "all of them" like someone else would wear one of her hideous outfits. mellisa you are like 40 years old and you still throw temper tantrums? then joan starts calling annie and brandie every name in the book, and gets up and quits the show! both rivers are spoiled brats who were only left on the show this long to keep ratings up. mellisa crying and refusing to do an exit interview, just proves to america what everyone thought, you are a spoiled baby. wah wah i can't get my way! i love how annie told the cameras she could manipulate mellisa to think her way, and then did exactly that. mellisa is by far the smartest contestant and clearly deserves to win the whole game.

season after season, the players or characters in this show appear to be people who you'd absolutely love to hate. is this show rigged to be that or were they chosen for the same? each episode vilifies one single person specifically and he ends up getting killed off. you enjoy seeing them get screwed although its totally wrong and sick. you enjoy seeing them screwing others, getting screwed themselves, playing dirty, getting it back, escaping and finally getting kicked out by trump. the amount of tears also seems to be increasing by the season.the rewards which attempt to compensate for past humiliation and suffering are also heavily reduced. in the newer seasons, its like "you get to meet xyx who'll lecture you about uvw"..like who freaking cares? the characters are so hateable, collectively and individually, that you wonder if they're paid actors? the only sane one gets to win.watch with caution and maintain a conscience. those are your fellow human beings in the firing line.

i know that there are some purists out there who poo poo anything that is not exactly like the original, however sometimes spin-offs can stand on their own merits. i like the new iron chef because it is similar enough to the japanese version but at the same time caters to american spirit. i love alton brown as commentator, because he explains things with flair. the iron chefs themselves are very interesting. i know the originals were probably the best chefs on the planet at the time, but bobby flay is the only american iron chef to beat them. mario batali seems to have the most fun when cooking, making comments and being flashy while creating. i have watched the series and find all the players work together well. the judges are not always the best choices, however. there are a few exceptions, like the lawyer turned foodie, but most of the judges are questionable in being able to handle what is served. i enjoy watching the chefs hustle and the challengers are surprising. the food at the end always looks amazing and sometimes it inspires me in the kitchen. perhaps that is all anyone can ask, to want to really eat what is served. the only thing i would really change about the series is to ask folks on the show to lighten up a little. sometimes the mood becomes a bit too tense, and that isn't always fun to watch when you are expecting more amusement. i liked the version with william shatner (iron chef usa) because it was so over-the-top like the original, but i can tell it was a pretty expensive proposition. i wish he had stayed with this version and been the host - between bill shatner and alton brown, that would have me grinning for an hour. as long as you don't expect the original japanese version and can accept this series on its own merits, you may find it to be an enjoyable hour.

with all of the violence on tv and in the local news, it is refreshing to have a show that has no violence or adult language, yet is still entertaining. my children look forward to watching with us every week. each of us have a favorite chef and favorite judges. we all enjoy elton brown. we enjoy learning about the background of the main ingredient, unique vegetables and seasonings. we play along at home to guess who the winner will be.it is a great hour of entertainment, as well as informational. best of all in our hussle, bussle life, it is an hour the family spends together.

it's a cooking competition show, americanized. it's not going to be the japanese version.the show is great. i could care less about cooking but this show is just entertaining to watch... from the intensity put into the dishes by the chef to the goofy chairman. truly a good way to spend some time watching tv. you could critique the show for having guests like marc ecko as a judge... but... meh. it's entertaining enough to watch and generally the winner deserves the prize. oh yeah and i'm bitter john besh isn't the new iron chef... ala cuisine!

take 4 couples whose relationships were already on the rocks and put them on an island paradise where they'll be tempted by 26 singles. this was the premise of the show, simple yet outrageous & funny. leave it to fox to throw morality out the window & let the debauchery flow. it was like a real-life version of melrose place. the good thing about the show is that it wasn't about people conniving & manipulating each other for a cash prize. it was about lust & temptation, pure and simple & the ultimate test for a relationship.people either loved the show or hated it. it was kind of like slowing down to look at a horrific traffic accident. you know you shouldn't watch, but you can't help but look. drama aside, there was a lot of eye candy.

dirty sanchez is the more extreme, british version of jackass in which the four boys (pritchard, dainton, joycey and pancho) go to great lengths to hurt and humiliate each other. the reason this show is better than jackass is because most of the stunts are not planned which makes the reaction much more funny. there are 3 series of the show, the first follows them around and takes a long look at their lives eg. there's an episode on their love lives,jobs etc. the second series sends the boys to try out different occupations. the third follows their european tour. it seems that the boys get more and more daring as the show progresses through the series. in my opinion the third series is the best, but trust me when i say, if you have a week stomach do not watch, as you are lightly to see a fair amount of blood and puke in every episode.

i have to say although i despise these kind of shows, shock horror, i'm a girl, i feel i have to express my opinion. i had seen dirty sanchez before i saw jackass and think it way surpasses jackass in terms of programme making. story lines and interviews are inter weaved to create a more interesting show. i saw a few minutes of jackass movie the other night and couldn't believe how poorly put together it was, everything just put in a line joke after joke with no relation between anything. it must have been the quickest easiest show to edit ever, shockingly amateur. while drinking puke isn't really my thing, as far as a substantial entertainment show goes, dirty sanchez is way out of jackass's league.

i need to be honest. i watched and enjoy this show because it was gross, offensive, hilarious, and raunchy. yeah, there is a lot of humor for all tastes. if you are into the kind of humor that deals with making fun of people falling from skateboards, for example then you will have a great time for it.or, if you enjoy people on extreme stunt actions going bad, you will also have a great time. and if you enjoy scatological humor and extreme situations oh , you will enjoy the show.i enjoy all three kinds of humor that "dirty sànchez" offers. i like to have a hard laugh with the situations of the show. "jackass" is like a walk in the park compared to this one. so if you are tired of the typical american stupidity of jackass, give it a try to english extreme stupidity on this show. with all due respect.this is a show that has little taste or class. it's not recommended for those who are easily offended or grossed out.now, these guys need to see a psychologist. specially the paco character.

i knew about this as a similar programme as jackass, and i saw one or two episodes on freeview, and it is the same, only more extreme. basically three welsh guys, and one mad british bloke were brought together by love of skateboarding, and a complete disregard/masochistic pleasure to harm themselves and their health and safety. they have had puking, eating pubes-covered pizza, jumping in stinging nettles, naked paint balling, jokes on the smaller guy while heavily sleeping/snoring, stunts in a work place, e.g. army, cowboys, and many more insane stunts that cause bruises, bumps, blood and vomit, maybe not just for themselves. starring matthew pritchard who does pretty much anything, lee dainton also up for just about anything, dan joyce (the british one) who hardly does much physical stuff and has a ott laugh, and pancho (mike locke) who does a lot, but is more popular for being short, fat and lazy. it was number something on the 100 greatest funny moments. very good!

